Chapter 301 Villains Who Talk Too Much Die


Master of Immortal Mansion Cheng Yu knew that he had underestimated his enemy.

He recalled an old saying: Villains who talk too much die. For some reason, after seeing Fang Xing take out two supreme magic spells one after another, Cheng Yu vaguely felt like he was seeing the Death Star appear.

He had never thought that Immortal She Pi would actually have been able to do so much before his death; not only had he given Fang Xing his snake scales and intrinsic spirit field, he had also passed the White Night Spell on to him. The most terrifying thing was that Fang Xing had even mastered the Immortal Mode.

These two spells hadn't been developed by the same person, but they were very compatible. Performed at the same time, they could work endlessly, like a perpetual motion machine.

The White Night Spell armor was the product of the accumulation of natural spirit energy. As long as there was spirit energy, the armor wouldn't be destroyed. The most unnatural part of it was that the spell completely ignored terrain conditions like the restriction of the intrinsic spirit field. With Immortal Mode activated, spirit energy could cycle endlessly, like a perpetual motion machine, and increase battle strength explosively.

The White Night Spell was Immortal She Pi's specialty that had once astonished the masses, but few people had seen him use it with their own eyes.

Now, Fang Xing had inherited this spell, and it was being used once again, which was truly a source of amazement to Cheng Yu.

Furthermore, he had completely never expected that switching between the two armors of the White Night Spell would also cause the user's gender to switch.

...

At that moment, Fang Xing stood in the middle of the intrinsic spirit field, her slender frame unmoving and her eyes focused in front of her.

She was like the embodiment of the dark: her entire body was shrouded in a black light that resembled the formless mass of pre-existence. Her hair was jet-black and her delicate features looked like they had been carved from jade. If this elegance couldn't earn her the title of the most magnificent beauty of her generation, she was at least the supreme incomparable beauty among her contemporaries.

This was in fact Fang Xing's original appearance.

"I didn't think I would need to use this technique to deal with you."

She raised her head and spoke in a ruthless tone that was decidedly feminine.

"Impudent! I'm going to destroy you right now!"

Master of Immortal Mansion Cheng Yu raised his hand, and in an instant, hundreds of spirit swords hurtled toward her.

The tables had now completely turned. If the situation dragged out any longer, he would be the one at a disadvantage. He could absolutely imagine how powerful the Immortal Mode White Night Spell was.

Or it might be even more powerful than that.

He could feel her aura surge incessantly. These hundreds of spirit swords smashed into Fang Xing with a resounding clash of metal, but they were unable to penetrate the doubly enhanced black armor — she was like a black swan, swimming haughtily in an ocean of swords.

Finally, without needing to use a magic treasure, she leapt into the sky!

"True Immortal level!"

Cheng Yu's expression finally changed; he had never expected that the two spells would boost Fang Xing's strength directly to True Immortal level, to the point that she could even hover in the sky by her own power.

The black armor she was wearing wasn't the only effect of the Dark Victory Mode and Immortal Mode; her aura had also reached an intimidating level.

Hundreds of spirit swords flew straight at Fang Xing, but with just one burst of her aura in the air, she instantly dispelled the spirit sword arrays.

In the end, Cheng Yu saw her stretch out her hand to directly intercept several of the spirit swords that had flown at her and snap them in two.

A moment later, the Master of Immortal Mansion couldn't help clutching his chest as he endured the roiling of his blood. Each of the spirit sword in this intrinsic spirit field was bound to him, and once they were damaged, the backlash served as a kind of punishment that would rebound back on him.

After Fang Xing broke tens of spirit swords, Cheng Yu felt as if there was a blazing inferno in his chest, and like all his organs were going to melt on the spot. Although he wasn't coughing up blood, this type of suffering was painful enough to make him want to die, and he was forced to suffer in silence.

But this pain was negligible, and only for the moment. He gritted his teeth — his hatred of Fang Xing was so deep that no matter what, he had to kill her in this battle today.

He waved his hand to call back his spirit swords; they returned from attacking to line up like sardines behind him again.

Cheng Yu knew that these spirit swords weren't enough to battle Fang Xing after she had been enhanced by the two supreme spells. If he continued fighting her, not only would his precious spirit swords be damaged, he would also suffer from the continuous backlash, which would be very detrimental to him.

"Aren't we going to continue?" The maiden Fang Xing smiled. But compared with the bright smile she had worn as a young man, her smile now was slightly demonic, unsettling Cheng Yu greatly.

"My friend's spirit sword is still with you, right? When are you going to return it?" Fang Xing asked as she gazed at him.

"All spirit swords under heaven were made to serve me, so your friend's spirit sword will be mine sooner or later!" said Cheng Yu.

"..."

Frowning, Fang Xing only had one thought in her mind now: she wanted to strangle this chuuni as soon as possible!

Hovering in the air, Cheng Yu sneered. "That wooden sword is special. I dare say that the sword spirit inside is the most powerful one I've ever seen. Its only weakness is that the sword body is too weak and it doesn't have a sheath. It isn't perfect like this, and I'm looking for ways to make it perfect!"

Floating in the air, Fang Xing widened her eyes. "What have you done to Lord Jingke?"

"So his name is Jingke? I'm looking for a gifted smith to extract the spirit body of the sword spirit and fuse it with my supreme godly sword."

Cheng Li laughed cruelly. "Did you actually call him Lord? How ridiculous. Since ancient times, the sword spirits of spirit swords have served cultivators. They're not living things at all, they're just tools."

Fang Xing frowned deeply as she begged to differ.

"He was suppressed by my spirit-suppressing flags and is trapped in a magic treasure. After bringing him here to Immortal Mansion, I added new seals and even a holy array pattern to the base of the flags, cutting off his connection to his owner for the time being," Cheng Yu said. "So there's no way for him to escape at all. So for now, let me show you my unfinished masterpiece."

As he said this, he waved his hand, and a green-colored longsword broke free of an iceberg and like a shooting star, fell into his hands.

This was the work he was most proud of, a green longsword with a unique shape: the sword tip was actually rounded, and there were two round metal eggs on the sword hilt, which was in keeping with an ergonomic design...





Chapter 302 The Heavenly Materials Sword's Eight Hearts and Arrows


"Heavenly Materials sword, this is my magnum opus!" Cheng Yu grasped the green sword, a confident expression on his face.

He and Fang Xing looked at each other in the air. This sword's sword qi alarmed her. She felt that the sword was very special; there was something strange about it that couldn't be put into words.

It wasn't long before Fang Xing figured out why it was strange.

This sword was hollow, and didn't contain a sword spirit at all.

It was a spirit sword without a sword spirit, but which had been made out of ultimate materials with ultimate craftsmanship.

This was Fang Xing's first time seeing a spirit sword without a sword spirit.

"This is the perfect sword body that I have created, but it lacks a soul." Cheng Yu slowly slid his fingers down the length of the sword, and it released imposing sword qi in their wake as highly dense fluctuations surged violently like an ocean.

Fang Xing was utterly shocked. Enhanced by the White Night Spell and Immortal Mode, she had reached True Immortal level, and she could clearly perceive the nomological power that was pouring forth from this sword.

It was actually a sword with nomological powers...

Staring at it, she remembered that Master of Immortal Mansion Cheng Yu had said something about familiars earlier, and a thought suddenly struck her... If her guess proved to be true, then this familiar could be considered the most tragic one in history: after doing so much for its master, it had been ordered to kill itself.

To become a familiar, one had to have been an Almighty in olden times. Anyone would be ashamed to face their descendants and elders by dying in this wretched way.

"Most importantly, apart from its immense power, the nomological power of regeneration has been blended into my Heavenly Materials sword, making it indestructible." Cheng Yu opened his hand and levitated the spirit sword in his palm. A closer look showed that the hilt was actually fully inlaid with diamonds. Cheng Yu had deliberately not mentioned this point, as it felt like that would be bragging too much.

It had taken him a full one hundred years just to create the sword hilt. The diamonds in it were all South African spirit diamonds that had been verified by appraisal specialists, and which were genuine Eight Hearts and Arrows diamonds 1 .

1(This is the sign of ultimate optical symmetry in a precisely cut diamond.) "Since it was forged, this sword of mine has yet to taste blood. Today, it will feed on yours." Cheng Yu laughed coldly and intimidatingly. However, the chuuni way in which he said his words, like something pulled out of some novel, couldn't help but make people want to laugh.

But frankly speaking, the Heavenly Materials sword he was wielding now was indeed a major deterrent, and at the very least, Fang Xing couldn't take it as easy anymore.

"Go!"

The Heavenly Materials sword shot off in a cloud of green light until it became an indistinct blur.

Its speed was beyond Fang Xing's expectations; it wasn't the same type of trash as those hundreds of spirit swords earlier.

Hovering in the air, Fang Xing released another burst of aura, and her level increased once again.

She had been holding back before, and had deliberately avoided using all her strength. But now, the maiden Fang Xing could sense the strong threat which the sword posed.

She tried her best to follow its movements. In the first round of attacks, the Heavenly Materials sword whizzed past her white earlobe as a sword light, taking several inches off her black hair.

In the face of this sword, her doubly enhanced aura barrier wasn't any use at all.

"There's no use running. No matter how fast you run or how hard you cry, no one is going to save you." Cheng Yu hovered in the air as he manipulated the Heavenly Materials sword into pursuing the girl.

Fang Xing cursed in her heart; although her defense was invulnerable, this was still someone else's intrinsic spirit field. Even if she could in theory continue running like a perpetual motion machine with the supreme Immortal Mode and White Night Spell, that didn't mean that she wasn't consuming spirit energy at all.

If she couldn't find a way to break through this problem, she would probably exhaust herself and die, as the Immortal Mode consumed huge amounts of spirit energy.

And so, while she continued to evade the Heavenly Materials sword, Fang Xing was thinking of a solution.

She made a lotus hand seal, and dozens of magical seals instantly materialized in front of her and then exploded like fireworks.

A moment later, the scales that had been firmly inlaid into the black armor transformed into ten shadow daggers which then closed in on the Heavenly Materials sword.

The White Night Spell's Black Victory armor wasn't only just for defense; in a desperate situation, it also had the means to attack. It was also a huge weakness, because once the scales on the armor turned into shadow daggers for an attack, the body's defense was significantly reduced.

But Fang Xing had also noticed that when Cheng Yu was controlling the Heavenly Materials sword, he couldn't freely use the other spirit swords at the same time.

The reason for this was simple: the Heavenly Materials sword didn't have a sword spirit. Without a contracted sword spirit, it was hard to operate it precisely by relying purely on a magic treasure contract.

Hence, when he had taken out the Heavenly Materials sword, Cheng Yu had given up on using the intrinsic spirit field, so it was now just a solid boundary which was acting to keep trapped Fang Xing here.

Given the situation, the best idea the girl could thus come up with was to sacrifice some of her defense and use Black Victory's shadow daggers to stall the Heavenly Materials sword while she waited for an opportunity to attack its owner.

But in the next instant, to the girl's startlement, the Heavenly Materials sword split in two. One sword tangled with the ten shadow daggers and the other stabbed her directly in an unstoppable attack with destructive sword qi.

It had been a trap!

Fang Xing gritted her teeth hard. She had never expected Cheng Yu to have thought this far ahead; he had deliberately lured her into reducing Black Victory's defensive ability, thereby creating a gap in her initially invulnerable defense.

Fang Xing's expression changed as the sword directly pierced her right collarbone, pinning her to the top of a distant glacier. Blood flowed from the wound, dripping onto the ice in lotus-shaped splatters, before freezing into blood ice.

She coughed up more blood. After being struck by the Heavenly Materials sword, it felt like her organs were shaking inside her. She checked her jade palace meridian 2 , and realized that the sword qi was actually flowing along the spirit energy circulation path that had been created by the White Night Spell and the Immortal Mode, in order to penetrate her meridians and cause wanton damage.

2(This is in the kidneys..) She was now trapped in a dilemma; if she continued using her supreme spells, the sword qi would destroy her body bit by bit. The only solution was to release both spells, but then she wouldn't be able to fight any longer.

Fang Xing dropped to her knees on the ice, gritted her teeth, and let go of both magic spells in misery.

The dark light around him gradually dispersed, and he was a young man once again.

His lips and chest were stained with blood, and a fresh line trickled down from the corner of his mouth.

"After all, you still aren't mature enough... wanting to take revenge for your father, you're too naïve."

Cheng Yu laughed in the air, pleased. To him, everything was already over. He laughed cruelly as he gazed at Fang Xing. "Now that we've played enough, let me give you one last strike!"

But just as he said that, a crack suddenly opened in the space in front of Fang Xing, and a child in a brown tunic over a white robe slowly walked out.

Without making any moves, the child just gave a meaningful glance.

That Heavenly Materials sword which had been about to stab Fang Xing actually turned around in the air straightaway.

And then, without warning, it rushed straight at Master of Immortal Mansion Cheng Yu...





Chapter 303 Heh, Naïve...


Fifteen minutes ago...

...

When Wang Ling and his group rushed to Linglang Pavilion, they discovered that Fang Xing wasn't there, and had disappeared with the Taoist in red.

"It's an intrinsic spirit field!" After perceiving their surroundings, the silver unicorn instantly came to a conclusion. "The intrinsic spirit field has a special magnetic field that can only be perceived by people who also have intrinsic spirit fields, so I'm sure of it."

After Immortal Toya's generous medical treatment and coupled with the silver unicorn's strong recovery ability, it had been able to move again after just a short while. The slit-eyed girl whom it was carrying on its back was still unconscious.

"So, we weren't mistaken when that Taoist in red blew off the palace roof just now?" asked Dharmaraja.

Before they had arrived, they had already sensed from afar on the flat top of Yuntai Pavilion the aura of a battle. It was Lord Thunder who had first noticed in the distance a Taoist in red blowing apart the roof of the palace.

The discomfited look on the Taoist's face at that time had just been like the online kaomoji: (╯‵□′)╯(┻━┻

"That person is Master of Immortal Mansion, Cheng Yu." The silver unicorn narrowed its eyes. "However, I never expected that this person would also have an intrinsic spirit field."

When it said this, the silver unicorn was struck with melancholy. It took a very long time for a cultivator to build up a source of spirit energy in order to create an intrinsic spirit field. Without this, everything was just hot air. The silver unicorn had cultivated for a very long time in order to be able to create an intrinsic spirit field! But now, even Itinerant Immortals could open an intrinsic spirit field, as if they were opening a market — this was really unscientific!

...

A group of people sat on the ground inside Linglang Pavilion. The palace roof which the Taoist in red had destroyed earlier was visibly restoring itself with the nomological power of regeneration.

Wang Ling sat crossed-legged on the ground and opened his Heavenly Eye.

Activating the Heavenly Eye at maximum power, he stared at the sky, and finally, a scene of the intrinsic spirit field was projected into the air.

When it saw this, the silver unicorn's hair all stood on end; how come it hadn't known that the Heavenly Eye could actually be used to look inside an intrinsic spirit field?

Seeing the silver unicorn's pale and stunned expression, Lord Thunder couldn't help laughing. "Brother Ling's Heavenly Eye is very special, and can pierce through nothingness, or what we often call the essence of things. It's a little complicated trying to explain it. You know the radio, right?"

The silver unicorn: "..."

Lord Thunder: "Brother Ling's Heavenly Eye is like a radio, it can pick up frequency modulations."

To one side, Immortal Toya promptly agreed. "Actually, this is a normal operation for Senior Ling. Just sit down, it's nothing particularly surprising."

"..."

Only its idol image as a holy beast prevented the silver unicorn from cursing out loud.

It now wondered heavily whether it had been completely living inside a dog's stomach for the past eight thousand years! That was just like its master, so formidable!

...

Everyone watched what was happening inside the intrinsic spirit field as the Taoist in red and a girl engaged in fierce battle.

The scene shocked everyone present. The jaws of Dharmaraja, Luo Chuang and the rest dropped open. They saw that even Ling Zhenren's stiff poker face had turned considering.

"Is this... is this Brother Fang Xing? How did he suddenly become a cute little sister?"

Dharmaraja sucked in a sharp breath... it turned out that this was the most powerful cross-dressing big shot!

From the scene projected by the Heavenly Eye in that moment, the maiden Fang Xing had combined the powers of two supreme spells and was locked in a fight against hundreds of spirit swords, and even had the upper hand.

This scene stunned everyone, since it was also the first time they had seen Fang Xing like this.

Lord Thunder furrowed his brow. "I never knew Brother Fang Xing had this other side to him. But how on earth did this happen?" His feelings were in a bit of a turmoil — how could a brother whom he had known for years suddenly become a younger sister... It was a hit not just to the eyes, but also to his heart.

"That indeed is Brother Fang Xing."

Cailian Zhenren had seen a lot and knew much. "This is probably Immortal She Pi's specialty from back then, the White Night Spell, enhanced by Immortal Zhenyuan's specialty, Immortal Mode. The combination of these two supreme spells has a devastating effect."

Staring at the scene, the silver unicorn couldn't help trembling; it finally knew why the three Immortal Mansion key female elders had perished in an instant. Boosted by two supreme magic spells, this tough girl had already broken through to True Immortal level, and even ten Itinerant Immortals together wouldn't be her match.

The silver unicorn could also feel the power of an intrinsic spirit field coming from this girl; clearly, she was someone who could call forth the field. It was likely that she had killed those three elders with it, and had been drawn into a fight with the Master of Immortal Mansion during the field's cooling-off period.

Most of the people here could guess what had happened without the silver unicorn needing to offer its speculation.

Cailian Zhenren sighed as she gazed at this scene. "Senior Immortal said before that Brother Fang Xing had been adopted as a child, so I've been trying to figure out his origins. It's now clear that he isn't so simple — he is Immortal She Pi's child from back then, and from the looks of it, he inherited some of Immortal She Pi's core strength."

Everyone was dumbfounded at this conjecture.

"If that's the case, then everything makes sense."

Cailian Zhenren sighed deeply when she said this; she knew a lot about what had happened back then. "A lot of media at the time had reported that Immortal She Pi had been led astray by someone. Looking at it now, it seems that this person was the Master of Immortal Mansion."

In the end, this was about Fang Xing's longstanding grudge against the Master of Immortal Mansion.

And this time, Fang Xing had taken the opportunity to get even with him.

At that moment, the silver unicorn who had been silent all this time suddenly cried out in surprise. Seeing the Master of Immortal Mansion produce his Heavenly Materials sword, its pupils abruptly shrank. "I've seen this sword before; the master spent a hundred years creating this spirit sword, and it's very bizarre! Your friend is in danger!"

...

Wang Ling raised his eyes as he looked at the scene in front of him and gazed composedly at Fang Xing in a feminine form.

Wang Ling wasn't a person of that generation back then, so anything he knew in relation to Immortal She Pi's various sins was the little that he had heard in Lao Gudong's history classes. Actually, he wasn't qualified at all to make any judgements.

He neither liked Fang Xing nor hated him.

As for how they were stuck with each other, Wang Ling thought it must have been doomed fate when he had killed the Tuntian Ha back then...

Hence, he let out a heavy sigh in his heart as looked at this scene.

This doomed fate would be slowly addressed in the future.

But no matter what happened then, Fang Xing now was still his brother!

...

"Brother Ling, do you have a solution? Brother Fang Xing can't hold on much longer!" Lord Thunder shouted worriedly.

At that moment, Fang Xing was gradually turning back into a young man after finally letting go of both his spells.

The silver unicorn knitted its eyebrows. "To save him, we have to break the intrinsic spirit field! But that's too hard!"

"Not at all!" Luo Chuang said excitedly. "Lord Jingke can definitely do it! This is Ling Zhenren's spirit sword, after all!"

"Master's spirit sword?" The silver unicorn was startled.

"It's that peach wood spirit sword which the Master of Immortal Mansion seized the other day," explained Luo Chuang.

The silver unicorn was enlightened. "But I remember that the master already put layer on layer of seals on it."

Hearing this, the corner of Wang Ling's mouth couldn't help twitching.

The Master of Immortal Mansion wanted to lock Jingke up with those trash seals?

Heh... too naïve!

...

With just a snap of Wang Ling's fingers, a space channel instantly opened up in the intrinsic spirit field, and that familiar brown spirit poured forth out of the darkness...





Chapter 304 The King of Sword Spirits


It could be said that Jingke's appearance was completely unexpected for both Master of Immortal Mansion Cheng Yu as well as Fang Xing.

Based on common sense, it was utterly impossible to open up another space inside an intrinsic spirit field!

It was just a sword spirit!

Cheng Yu's eyes were wide and there was a disbelieving expression on his face. He had clearly already sealed this sword spirit so many times over that not even ghosts or gods could have escaped the thick seal layers!

Under their stunned gazes, Jingke walked out of the brown light, still in that same white robe and brown tunic, still with that short white hair.

He hadn't done anything except give one meaningful glance.

That Heavenly Materials sword which had been lunging forward actually turned around in the air straightaway.

And then, without warning, it rushed at the Master of Immortal Mansion, Cheng Yu...

Cheng Yu turned pale; with just one look, this sword spirit had actually overturned his command!

This was a magic treasure that he had formed a contract with!

Cheng Yu's expression finally changed. Looking at the Heavenly Materials sword as it came straight for him, he even gave it several more commands, but it was utterly useless.

In a moment of desperation, he bit the tip of his tongue and used the blood that welled up to make a hand seal to force the contract to contain the spirit sword!

Finally, the Heavenly Materials sword halted in front of him, and he coughed up a mouthful of blood. Using the power of fresh blood to forcefully control the contract was a harmful method. In a regular contract with a magic treasure, this type of forceful command could only be used three times. Furthermore, it would be accompanied by a violent backlash.

Once these three opportunities were used up, the contract with the magic treasure would be broken off, and a new one would have to be formed.

It could be said that this was the drawback of the Heavenly Materials sword lacking a sword spirit. That was why the contract had been easily disrupted. Cheng Yu had in fact already anticipated this possibility while the sword had been forged back then. Sure enough, the sword wouldn't listen to all his commands in its unstable state.

Cheng Yu had hence always maintained a high level of focus whenever he used the Heavenly Materials sword, in order to ensure that his commands were precise. It had never, ever occurred to him that his command could actually be countermanded halfway!

"How did you escape the seals?" Hovering in the air, Cheng Yu stared at the shota in a brown tunic and white robe; his legs felt like jelly, as if he was going to fall over at any time.

In the face of this absolute strength, he felt a trace of terror.

On the ground, Jingke just tilted his head to look at Cheng Yu, completely unruffled. "Was it, supposed, to be, difficult?"

He spoke very slowly, almost a word at a time.

From the apathetic, slightly haughty tone, this sword spirit completely thought nothing of him.

"Impudent!"

Cheng Yu howled with fury, and the sound shook the sky. The icebergs in the intrinsic spirit field shuddered, and the wind was as sharp as knives as it stirred up the ice all over the spirit field.

However, these were all just side effects; the real energy was all directed at Jingke.

Jingke's face was as calm as an ancient well. Without even blinking as he sheltered Fang Xing behind him, the ice all cracked and broke off to float ten feet beyond his sword qi.

Nothing would be able to get within ten feet of them.

Fang Xing lay on his side on the ground as he gripped his right shoulder and gasped harshly. The sword had come close to piercing his heart.

If Jingke hadn't shown up and parried Cheng Yu's final attack in time, Fang Xing would already be dead.

The storm raged for a very long time, causing Jingke's white robe to flutter madly.

It finally subsided a full two minutes later.

Jingke straightened his clothes and sighed deeply in his heart: Young people were truly becoming harder to deal with...

...

It was an ongoing confrontation; Cheng Yu landed on the ground and called back his invisible spirit sword. Given Jingke's appearance, he didn't even dare fly anymore.

He was well aware that now wasn't the time to be putting on a show; he had to concentrate and at all costs prevent his command from being directly disrupted again halfway.

But given the current situation, he didn't dare continue using the Heavenly Materials sword.

It was too risky to use it when it didn't have a sword spirit. Hence, he sheathed it after landing on the ground, and returned his focus to manipulating the power of the intrinsic spirit field again.

All the spirit swords frozen inside the glaciers had sword spirits, and he had formed contracts with all of them, so it was safer to use them.

This time, he had to cut down the other party in one strike without giving him an opportunity to fight back!

"Hundred Swords Demonstration!" Cheng Yu gritted his teeth as he directly called forth a hundred swords. Numerous spirit swords broke free of the glaciers like butterflies emerging from cocoons. He didn't summon them to his side — as soon as they broke through the ice, they lunged at Jingke like meteors.

From what Fang Xing could see, the offensive this time was truly stunning; it could be said that Cheng Yu was going all out.

He was staking everything on these spirit swords as they hurtled forward like meteors.

This time, none of these one hundred swords turned back halfway, and every single one hit the bullseye!

"Open fire!"

Seeing this result, Cheng Yu was wild with joy as he instantly continued the attack.

He waved his hand, and even more frozen spirit swords broke through the ice and attacked Jingke.

This crazy bombardment of a thousand spirit swords went on for three minutes before it subsided.

Standing at a distance, Master of Immortal Castle Cheng Yu was breathing hard while he waited for the ice mist to disperse after the bombardment.

But contrary to his expectations, there were still two shadows in the ice mist.

Cheng Yu's heart trembled with fear, and he instantly made a hand seal in order to call back the one thousand spirit swords.

However, none of them responded!

What was going on? Why couldn't he feel the contract link with these spirit swords?

Cheng Li stared in front of him, aghast. After the ice mist eventually thinned out, he saw those one thousand spirit swords which had been sent out earlier all lying haphazardly on the ground...

Jingke was still standing in the same position, and hadn't budged an inch.

He faced the front and drew in a deep breath before he gave his first command to these one thousand spirit swords lying on the ground. "You should, know, what to do?"

In almost an instant, these one thousand spirit swords rose up in order, and their sword tips were all pointed in Cheng Yu's direction...





Chapter 305 Ling Zhenren's Intrinsic Spirit Field


In that instant, Master of Immortal Mansion Cheng Yu finally understood what true despair felt like.

His eyes had sunken in, making him look decades older, and even his hair had turned gray in a blink of an eye. In one short instant just now, over a thousand spirit swords had terminated their contracts with him at the same time, and his jade palace meridian felt like it was on fire, causing endless agony.

Cheng Yu now understood a little better what kind of person the other party was. If the familiar which he had accidentally summoned back then had been a supreme cheat bestowed on him by the heavens, then this guy standing in front of him was a genuine renminbi player!

In that moment, he finally realized that this was a meaningless fight — since the beginning, he had never had the slightest chance of winning!

"Who on earth... are you?"

As Cheng Yu coughed up blood from the backlash of the spirit sword contracts being severed, Jingke gave him a meaningful look.

In that moment, that unchanging expression and those dead fish eyes which had been inherited from Wang Ling seemed particularly eloquent.

Then, the one thousand spirit swords behind Jingke hummed and glowed as they dazzled the eye like a star-studded Milky Way.

Jingke saw the master's eyes fill with mortification.

A grand peak late-stage Itinerant Immortal, head of a large and formidable dark force, had in the end actually been reduced to this.

Cheng Yu gritted his teeth; he already knew that he had nowhere to hide.

The backlash from the one thousand spirit swords breaking the contracts hadn't stopped yet. He gritted his teeth and made a hand seal, terminating the intrinsic spirit field at once.

Cheng Yu had used the familiar back then to seal these spirit swords inside the intrinsic spirit field. Theoretically speaking, once he terminated the field, these spirit swords wouldn't be able to harm him.

After that, if he used a Dao talisman to flee, at the very least he would survive.

As for revenge, that would be for another day.

Anything was possible as long as he stayed alive.

Each time before a fight, Cheng Yu would have already organized an escape route for himself. But it had never, ever occurred to him that this day would actually come so soon. Before his dream of making the ultimate godly sword had come true, he had been beaten up and subdued in his own intrinsic spirit field... If this got out, he would definitely become the butt of jokes for tens of thousands of years as it was just too hilarious.

But no matter how people might jeer at him, it was better to live than die.

And so, Cheng Yu's speed increased significantly as he swiftly made a hand seal, for fear that Jingke would attack him halfway through.

"Made it!"

The moment he succeeded, he couldn't help smiling in relief even as he coughed up blood. Everything in the intrinsic spirit field slowly faded away.

In fact, Jingke had already noticed the moment Cheng Yu had created the seal.

If he had wanted to, he could have chopped both of Cheng Yu's hands off in a flash.

But he hadn't done so.

Because the only task Wang Ling had given him this time was to use his identity as the king of spirit swords and take control of these one thousand spirit swords.

And now, he had completed his task.

Jingke was well aware that his Little Master Ling would always do what he said he would do; if Jingke overstepped when he hadn't been asked to do so, Little Master Ling would be mad!

There would be serious consequences if Ling Zhenren got mad!

...

In Linglang Pavilion, as Lord Thunder watched the Master of Immortal Mansion terminate the intrinsic spirit field, he immediately had a hunch that the other party would produce some sort of Dao talisman to flee for his life.

"Should we set up an array?" asked Luo Chuang.

In this situation, using a magic array to seal off the space and restrict the use of Dao talismans was a good idea. As soon as Dharmaraja noticed that the intrinsic spirit field was being withdrawn, lightning instantly flashed in his hand as he straightaway called forth the godly thunder inheritance to block off all exits in Linglang Pavilion.

Anyone who wanted to force their way through this blockade would have to endure being electrocuted by the godly thunder inheritance. This might not have worked if Cheng Yu had been at full strength, but given his current injuries, he would definitely be knocked out by electricity if he tried to escape.

"Whatever the case, there is nowhere for him to run!" Dharmaraja laughed, completely confident in his godly thunder inheritance. Even Pikachu wouldn't be able to escape the godly thunder inheritance when it was at one hundred percent!

"Don't relax your guard..."

Cailian Zhenren somehow had a bad feeling. "This Master of Immortal Mansion has endless tricks up his sleeve, and the holy Ice Crystal Array is still running. It's possible that he has more than just Dao talismans to cover him."

"I agree." Lord Thunder nodded. "Everyone stay focused; don't let him escape again!"

At that moment, the silver unicorn let out a sigh. "Unfortunately, I've already discharged my intrinsic spirit field once, otherwise I could trap him in my field after he leaves his, like a matryoshka doll. This is the most reliable method; no matter what tricks he might have, there would be no way for him to escape!"

Wang Ling's eyes suddenly lit up when he heard the silver unicorn's suggestion.

However, everyone was fully concentrated on Cheng Yu, so none of them had noticed Ling Zhenren's slight expression.

After that, Wang Ling slowly rose to his feet. As spirit light glowed in his hand, everyone saw that Jingke had returned in its form as a peach wood sword.

Then, Fang Xing appeared as well. Immortal Toya straightaway hurried over to support him as they moved to one side so that Immortal Toya could administer emergency treatment.

Now, it was just the Master of Immortal Mansion left.

Everyone held their breaths as they waited for Cheng Yu to appear.

Wang Ling could already imagine how, the instant Cheng Yu showed up, everyone here would smother him in their auras and use every means possible to prevent him from running.

The truth was, Wang Ling had already thought of a way to impede this Master of Immortal Mansion.

When the intrinsic spirit field disappeared, everyone else would be pulled out first, and Cheng Yu as the spirit field's owner would appear a little later.

But that was already no longer important.

Because the moment Cheng Yu's figure appeared in Linglang Pavilion, everyone saw that Wang Ling had already taken one step forward, his red and black jacket fluttering in the wind.

In the next moment, their surroundings had changed again.

They were in a square, where they saw an old-fashioned stone sculpture and what looked like dozens of palm trees next to it on the verge of dying.

Fang Xing couldn't be more familiar with this scenery.

Because this was Number 60 High School...

"What's going on?!"

Cheng Yu's face was contorted in terror. He couldn't be more familiar with this feeling — this was an intrinsic spirit field!

He had just left his own intrinsic spirit field and had already taken out the Dao talisman; in the end, he had been immediately sucked into another spirit field!

The silver unicorn was dumbstruck. It could feel from the magnetic field that this was a brand new intrinsic spirit field, with the purest kind of spirit energy source.

Lord Thunder couldn't help the way the corners of his mouth twitched as he stared at Wang Ling. "Brother Ling... is this your intrinsic spirit field?"

"..." Wang Ling nodded his head.

As a result, they were all taken by surprise. "What?! When did Ling Zhenren learn to set up his own intrinsic spirit field?"

Wang Ling remained silent at this question and was unable to answer for fear of shaking everyone's confidence in their own cultivation paths.

Because he had just learned this intrinsic spirit field...

A minute ago...

This could be seen from the setting.

He hadn't given it much thought, and had directly modelled it after Number 60 High School...





Chapter 306 Ling Zhenren's Exclusive Sealed Lips Package


The construction of an intrinsic spirit field was actually a complicated procedure, and the key was the spirit energy source. This source could be regarded as the trunk of a tree, out of which grew many complicated and forked branch routes. In addition to the spirit energy source, modeling of the environment was also a critical element.

Wang Ling had carefully done the calculations and come up with his own conclusions during the previous confrontation with the silver unicorn as well as through careful observation of the intrinsic spirit field discharged by Cheng Yu, Master of Immortal Mansion.

He could solve the difficult exercises in On Talismans in three minutes; analyzing the formula for constructing the intrinsic spirit field was also only just a matter of minutes.

Cheng Yu fell to his knees in despair, white as a sheet. He couldn't use any Dao talismans when trapped inside someone else's intrinsic spirit field. Unless he had a powerful magic treasure to destroy the spirit field, he knew that there was already no way for him to escape.

Besides, what could he do with his badly injured body?

"Master of Immortal Mansion, do you have anything to say?" Lord Thunder said as he gazed at Cheng Yu.

"I..." Cheng Yu opened his mouth, but couldn't say a single thing.

Lord Thunder looked at him calmly. "You have the right to remain silent; anything you say will be used against you in a court of law!"

It could be said that all the people standing here were witnesses to the fall of Immortal Mansion. They had watched without sympathy as the hair of this spirit sword collector maniac had instantly white after he had been driven round the bend from his contracts with all his spirit swords being forcibly terminated. Jingke had already given this Master of Immortal Mansion the most appropriate punishment.

Cailian Zhenren heaved a sigh. Dealing with this master as well as the mess which Immortal Mansion had left in its wake was now another big problem.

Lawyers would also be required outside Immortal Mansion to determine the nature of this group of female disciples. They had been abducted and brought in as children, but while their ignorance could be forgiven, Cailian Zhenren's guess was that they would at least be sent to labor camps.

But then again, even though they lacked a lot of knowledge about modern cultivation and had very limited understanding of modern society, each of these inner sect female disciples who had been educated in isolation had potential.

This was a huge Soul Formation resource. If used properly, it could become a new force for their national military.

Before becoming the manager of Lord Thunder's cultivation forum, Cailian Zhenren had been in the Women's Special Forces for a while.

In her opinion, if this group of female disciples were sent for training, by next year, they could film a Phoenix Nirvana 1 drama.

1(This is a Chinese drama about a women's special operations force ..) "Brother Ling, is there any way to constrain him?" Lord Thunder was still a little uneasy.

Wang Ling nodded and raised his hands to cast the Great Sealed Lips Spell.

A very long time ago, when cultivators used techniques, they had to recite chants in addition to performing the hand seals, which thus gave rise to the "Great Sealed Lips Spell." This trick not only sealed the mouth, but also blocked the release of spirit energy in the body, thus acting like a true gag order.

Wang Ling, however, actually enhanced the spell when he cast it, by removing the "sealed lips" rule. This was to prevent the Master of Immortal Mansion from feigning death in subsequent interrogations.

Ling Zhenren was the only one to own this exclusive sealed lips package.

Cheng Yu knelt on the ground, genuinely terrified.

As Master of Immortal Mansion, his knowledge and experiences weren't superficial. He could see at a glance that the teenager in front of him was casting one of the Three Thousand Great Spells on him.

It was actually the Three Thousand Great Spells...

These were the most powerful spells that many cultivators yearned for and scrambled after! Even Immortal Mode and the White Night Spell couldn't compare.

And what terrified Cheng Yu the most was that this Ling Zhenren was just too skillful, smooth and casual at casting the spell... He didn't even see him perform any hand seals! He could never learn this sort of operation in his entire life!

What kind of person had he offended?

"As expected, Brother Ling is amazing..." Lord Thunder heaved a sigh of relief. This way, the Master of Immortal Mansion wouldn't be able to escape by whatever means even if the intrinsic spirit field disappeared.

...

After that, Wang Ling saw Lord Thunder search the Master of Immortal Mansion before finally finding his spatial magic object for storing magic treasure. It was a token with three words on it —"Another Space Inside."

Gazing at the token, Lord Thunder sighed. Then he glared at Cheng Yu. "Look at you. How much have you exploited over the years for the sake of your lousy swords?"

Cheng Yu: "..."

Dharmaraja: "Senior Immortal, are we handing these things over to the government?"

Lord Thunder: "Well... we'll definitely hand them over. But there are some resources that I think we can make use of, like the Dao talismans, the elixirs and so on. We also consumed quite a bit of them on this trip. I think it's only appropriate that we replenish our supplies a little. What do you think? Shall we do an inventory check?"

Except for Wang Ling, everyone said almost in unison, "We think that what Senior Immortal said makes sense!"

Wang Ling: "..."

...

Inside Wang Ling's intrinsic spirit field, a bunch of people were taking inventory of magic treasures under a palm tree, while Immortal Toya was still treating Fang Xing.

After coming out of the intrinsic spirit field earlier, Fang Xing had fallen into a coma, and his condition was worse than Immortal Toya had imagined.

Immortal Toya had already dressed his wounds and had even fed him a few of his precious tonics which he had poured his blood, sweat and tears into refining over several months.

However, although the bleeding had stopped, the teenager still didn't show any signs of waking up at all.

"How is he?"

Wang Ling asked telepathically, raising an eyebrow.

Immortal Toya frowned, then shook his head. "I've done everything I can..."

Wang Ling: "..."

Very quickly, Immortal Toya realized how ambiguous his words sounded, and he hurriedly corrected himself. "...Erm, Ling Zhenren, don't misunderstand. I mean that I've already done whatever I can given our limited medical resources for now. To be honest, Brother Fang Xing's wound is a little unusual. For a normal sword wound, after the sword is pulled out, the sword qi wouldn't linger for so long and attack the meridians like this."

When he said this, Immortal Toya frowned and cupped his chin. "Actually, I don't think this thing can be considered sword qi. It's like a stubborn worm constantly gnawing at Brother Fang Xing's meridians. Furthermore, it's suppressing the production of spirit energy, so the spirit energy is unable to circulate inside his body. This is also the main reason for his coma."

Wang Ling frowned and opened his Heavenly Eye to scan Fang Xing's body. Just as Immortal Toya had said, he found the mysterious qi flowing through his veins — this wasn't sword qi.

Generating spirit light in his hand, Wang Ling tried to remove it with the Great Purification Spell, but unexpectedly was unable to do so...

As expected, did it have something to do with the Heavenly Materials sword?

As Wang Ling considered this, his eyes suddenly swept over Cheng Yu, who was on his knees, and this Master of Immortal Mansion immediately quivered with fear.





Chapter 307 A Heartwarming Little Story


There was no rush at the moment. Including the Heavenly Materials sword, the one thousand spirit swords in the intrinsic spirit field belonging to Cheng Yu, Master of Immortal Mansion, were all under Jingke's control now.

Wang Ling thought about leaving the Heavenly Materials sword with Luo Chuang for him to study, while the rest of the swords could be handed over to the government.

He felt that this sword was made out of very special materials... very likely it wasn't as simple as he imagined.

As everyone had expected, there were a lot of strange magic treasures in Cheng Yu's Another Space Inside, and they were no less inferior to the items that had been strewn on the ground after General Yi had captured the old devil, whether in quantity or quality. In addition, many of these treasures, according to Lord Thunder's search of the Department of Cultural Heritage's official website, were national magic treasures that had been lost previously.

National magic treasures weren't called as such based purely on a measure of their strength. Every national magic treasure had a touching story which promoted traditional societal virtues.

Among the magic treasures that Cheng Yu had collected, the most highly rated national magic treasure was in fact a delicate matchbox.

"What's this?" Everyone was startled by this matchbox.

When Dharmaraja opened it, he found that it no longer contained any matches. The whole matchbox was exquisite; made out of spirit wood, its four sides were inlaid with metal decorations. It was simply a masterpiece.

Staring at the matchbox, Lord Thunder suddenly asked, "Have you heard the story The Little Match That Sold Girls ?"

Everyone was suddenly enlightened. Oh... it was the story The Little Match Girl ...

Wait a minute!

It seemed that what Lord Thunder had said just now was The Little Match ... That Sold Girls ?

Fuck! What the hell was that?

"This is a true story from the past about a match that attained awareness and sold little girls on the street on Thanksgiving Day. It aroused plenty of public indignation at the time," Lord Thunder said with a sigh.

Someone asked, "What happened after that?"

Lord Thunder: "This little match which had kidnapped girls to be sold was burned to death in the streets."

Everyone: "..."

Lord Thunder pressed the matchbox between his fingers. "Thus, this matchbox was actually made by a skilled craftsman back then as a warning to society to care for children and to condemn human trafficking! Condemn child abuse!"

Everyone: "..."

Shivering as he knelt on the ground, Cheng Yu felt his blood run cold when he heard this story.

The matchbox had been part of his plunder when he had attacked some other dark force before. He didn't know its origins, but it had helped him get through a lot of difficult times. He remembered how he would stay in the matchbox for stretches of time in order to hide from his enemies during his most difficult periods.

"Oh, that's right!" Lord Thunder suddenly recalled something. "This matchbox actually has a storage function, but it wasn't originally designed to be a storage space."

As he spoke, he injected spirit energy into the matchbox. In a flash, this small matchbox suddenly grew into a large, rectangular storage space which could fully accommodate a person.

"So, this matchbox was designed for..."

"This is the special coffin that the craftsman made for the match goblin," said Lord Thunder, his chin in his hand.

Cheng Yu: "..."

Everyone: "..."

...

Meanwhile, it was ten o'clock at night in the outside world.

About two hours ago, the cultivation police station on Sanyuan Road of Winter city had received reports from the public about a broken space.

There were police cars already swarming around the previously empty Sanyuan Road. The police had set up a wide cordon outside, with the space passage which Wang Ling had blasted open with the strength of his Heavenly Eye at the center.

A group of police officers were standing more than ten meters away from the broken spatial wall, which was emitting such strong energy fluctuations that no one dared get close.

"Has the bomb squad arrived yet?" Chief Yu of the police department had already arrived on the scene and was directing the operation.

"They're on the road," a young police officer reported. He was only at the Golden Core stage, and completely didn't dare approach the broken spatial wall. The energy inside was so fierce that he felt he would be torn apart by its raging spirit intensity if he got any closer!

In the distance, a black commercial car was stopped by police at the intersection. Seeing the azure government license plate, the police officer hurriedly went up to the driver's window and saluted respectfully. "Comrade, there's been an accident up ahead. Please take a detour."

Zhao Kai rolled down the window and poked his head outside. "Brother, can I ask, what's happened?"

The police officer replied in a low voice, "We received reports two hours ago that there's a broken spatial wall up ahead. The spirit intensity inside the spatial wall right now is so dense that no one dares approach it. The bomb squad will be here soon."

"Okay, thank you, brother!"

Zhao Kai then closed the window and turned to Zhuo Yi behind him. " Shifu , what now?"

Zhuo Yi touched his chin and looked at him. "Are you sure this is where you dropped off Ling Zhenren and the others?"

Zhao Kai nodded abruptly like a chicken pecking rice. "It's definitely here, there's no mistake, shifu !"

Zhuo Yi folded his arms, and his face darkened instantly. "..." It's a no-brainer then — it was definitely your shiye 1 that destroyed this spatial wall!

1(Basically shifu's master..) Zhuo Yi was well aware, however, that there was always a reason behind every move his shifu made! He seemed to have heard Lord Thunder mention before an incident related to the dark force powerhouse Immortal Mansion. Hence, Zhuo Yi speculated that the reason shifu Ling Zhenren had come to Winter city this time had to do with this.

To sum up, he speculated that there were two possible scenarios.

First, shifu had blasted through the spatial wall into the world inside, but things hadn't been resolved, so he hadn't come out yet. This was the most likely scenario.

Second, shifu had run into trouble and so was unable to come out. Of course, Zhuo Yi felt that the probability of this happening was one in ten thousand... It was almost impossible.

Therefore, the situation was already very clear. He had to find a way to delay the police and block any information from being leaked and picked up by the media until shifu and the others were completely clear of Winter city.

After thinking this, Zhuo Yi waved his hand for Zhao Kai to roll down the car window.

The police uncle was still standing by the car. "What else can I do for you, comrade?"

Zhao Kai grinned and looked at the police officer. "Our leader is very interested in this incident, perhaps he might be able to help you. We will have to trouble brother to let your chief know."

"Leader? Which leader..." The police uncle's expression became tense, and he bent down very carefully to give the backseat of the car a look out of the corner of his eye. When he saw Zhuo Yi's face, he immediately broke out in a cold sweat.

It was impossible for him not to know about Secretary Dakang's favourite subordinate...





Chapter 308 Our Shiye Must Be So Outstanding!


Actually, even Zhuo Yi himself didn't realize how far his reputation had spread.

It didn't just have to do with his relationship with Secretary Dakang; it was also because of the major events that had happened around him.

It had started after he officially became Deputy Director of the General Administration of 100 Schools following the Gate Between Worlds incident six years ago. Then there was the incident a few months ago when Jiang Liuying, the younger sister of the Master of Shadow Stream, was arrested, escaped, and recaptured. The most terrifying thing was that even the arrest of the old devil had had something to do with him.

It could be said that after Zhuo Yi had chosen this path to serve the people, he had experienced a meteoric and smooth rise in his professional career, and had been involved in several major events, something that some people might never be able to achieve their whole lives. Just thinking about it could make a person's hair stand on end.

So when the police uncle saw Zhuo Yi's face, his reaction wasn't as simple as just his hair standing on end; it felt like his head was going to explode.

"Zhuo... Zhuo... Director Zhuo? Why are you here?"

The police uncle was so shocked that he was incoherent. "I'll call the chief over!"

This was a big shot. Although he was a leader in Songhai city, which was several cities away from Winter city, the police uncle didn't dare offend him at all. This was a legendary figure who could bring down even the old devil... he couldn't afford to provoke him.

Zhuo Yi was startled by the police uncle's reaction. "..." He felt that this police uncle had misunderstood something...

Seeing the police uncle go up ahead to get his chief, Zhuo Yi pointed to his face and asked Zhao Kai, "Am I so scary?"

Zhao Kai couldn't help snickering. "Since the old devil's arrest, the rumors about shifu are different in each city. As for public opinion... where there's truth, there are lies, and some news have deliberately exaggerated facts to draw attention."

Zhuo Yi: "...Then what do they say about me?"

Zhao Kai: "I don't know about the situation in other cities, but a widely circulated version in Winter city is that shifu assisted General Yi and set up the Five Elements Great Array together, and then used the Mouth EscapeTechnique 1 to make the old devil cry on the spot and surrender."

1(This is a term coined by netizens to describe how the titular protagonist of the 'Naruto' series is always able to successfully persuade others with his words and determination ..) Zhuo Yi: "..."

"This is all gossip, shifu , don't pay any attention to it." Zhao Kai scratched the back of his head.

Zhuo Yi looked at him. "Then... what do you think the truth is?"

"I think it's half true and half false." Zhao Kai laughed out loud. "If it was all true, given how awesome shifu is, then shiye must truly be so outstanding!"

Zhuo Yi: "..."

As they were speaking, the police uncle who had run off earlier had already brought his chief back with him, a middle-aged man who looked very upright; from his well-ironed uniform, one could tell that he was a very organized person.

Out of courtesy, Zhuo Yi directly got out of the car without putting on any official airs. The middle-aged chief was stunned and hurriedly went forward to greet him by shaking his hand as he smiled. "I've long heard of Deputy Zhuo's reputation. It was truly hard on you to travel all this way to Winter city. Is Director Zhuo here this time for work or personal reasons?"

Zhuo Yi thought it over for a bit before directly saying, "For work."

It was impossible for him to give his shifu up, and he had told Zhao Kai before they had arrived at Sanyuan Road to say absolutely nothing about Ling Zhenren and his gang being here.

His shifu had always liked to keep a low profile. If the media happened to take pictures of this incident, shifu would be very unhappy!

After thinking about it, Zhuo Yi cleared his throat and continued, "That, I'm overseeing this operation across cities... I didn't have time to report to the higher-ups beforehand."

After listening to Zhuo Yi, the police officers were all bewildered. "Huh?"

"Not long ago, our Songhai city's General Administration of 100 Schools received reports about criminals suspected of kidnapping students, so our General Administration immediately launched an investigation. In the end, following the clues led us here to a massive dark force organization..." Zhuo Yi had thought of this in the car — it was just something that he had simply made up. "The spatial wall you see here was actually destroyed by our people."

"..."

The police officers, including the chief, all gasped.

Zhuo Yi flashed a glance at the name and police number on the chief's chest, and discovered that the chief's surname was Yu and his given name was Yue.

"Chief Yu Yue! I must reflect on myself! I... I'm late!" Suddenly, Zhuo Yi stared at the chief and went forward to clasp his hands with a remorseful expression.

Chief Yu: "..."

"This is a secret operation which our superiors assigned us, and Secretary Dakang personally signed off on it. As the commander of this mission, it's my fault that I didn't contact Winter city's government beforehand!"

"...It's fine, it's fine, don't worry, Director Zhuo. It's also my fault for not understanding the situation in advance." Chief Yu felt greatly overwhelmed.

Then Zhao Kai and the rest of the police officers saw the two leaders bow and apologize to each other as they shook hands, as if there were at a wedding ceremony.

This was just common courtesy, but it changed Yu Yue's impression of the rumored Zhuo Yi. Gripping Zhuo Yi's hands tightly, he said resolutely, "Whatever Director Zhuo needs from us, don't hesitate to let us know!"

"Very well!"

Zhuo Yi nodded solemnly, and then made his request in neither a hurried nor a slow manner.

"First of all, this is a secret mission from Secretary Dakang, so before we obtain any results from the investigation, we must ensure that the media does not get hold of any information.

"Second, we need to protect the identities of everyone in the investigation team that's entered the den of this dark force this time... Well, that's all for the moment."

Chief Yu immediately looked at his subordinate on the side as soon as Zhuo Yi finished speaking. "Did you hear that? Call the tech team immediately and have them contain the media. Turn down all the previous calls that were asking for interviews."

The little police officer straightened and immediately nodded his head and saluted. "Yes, Chief!"

After that, Zhuo Yi stared at the broken spatial wall not too far away and heaved a sigh of relief.

Fortunately, he had arrived in time to keep the situation under control, otherwise if just one media outlet caught wind of this, things would have become a lot trickier.

Zhao Kai parked the car and followed behind Zhuo Yi. There was something he was curious about, so he asked Zhuo Yi in a very low voice, "Shifu ... when did Secretary Dakang approve this?"

Zhuo Yi had nothing to hide from his own man, so he directly opened his mouth and replied, "Well... to be exact, it was probably just now."

Zhao Kai was stunned. "Just now?"

"Yes, I texted Secretary Dakang on my way here ten minutes ago," Zhuo Yi said.

Zhao Kai was stupefied. "..."

He had never thought that Zhuo Yi and Secretary Dakang would already be on such familiar terms, to the extent that the latter would immediately approve Zhuo Yi's text message.

Ignoring Zhao Kai's flabbergasted expression, Zhuo Yi looked at the time and said, "I sent shifu a text message previously, and he replied with an ellipsis."

"What does that mean?"

"You'll know once you start coming into more contact with him. You'll have to learn how to understand the different types of meaning from his ellipses."

"..."

"I reckon they're going to be done soon. Now I'm giving you a task. Go and welcome them later."

"What do I have to do?" Zhao Kai was suddenly a little nervous.

"I'll drive later on. Go get a national red flag with its five stars from Chief Yu Yue and wrap it around your arm. Then get on the top of the car and have two people support you. As soon as they come out, we'll drive over..."

Zhao Kai: "..."





Chapter 309 Dharmaraja's Girlfriends


It was June 27th, the tenth Tuesday of the semester.

In the wee hours of the morning, all the trains had stopped running. Wang Ling, Lord Thunder and the others returned to Songhai city on the last spirit bus.

With regards to the Immortal Mansion incident, Zhuo Yi had actually already had some idea about it. It was only after Lord Thunder explained it to him for a long time that he finally clearly understood the situation.

Zhuo Yi was the one who personally bought their spirit bus tickets back to Songhai city.

He also personally handled the secret transport of the silver unicorn to ensure that no one else would find out about it.

After that, he had to stay behind to deal with the mess that Immortal Mansion had made.

It was during this time that Wang Ling finally realized the advantage of having Zhuo Yi around. Although he had taken in Zhuo Yi on a whim to begin with, Zhuo Yi this disciple had truly proven his worth.

At the very least, he was far more considerate than Wang Ling had imagined.

But while these trivial matters could be left to Zhuo Yi, there were still some bigger issues which the group had to work together to settle.

On the spirit bus, everyone was thinking about Fang Xing's problem.

Because until now, he had yet to wake up.

"When we get back, I'll visit Brother Fang Xing's parents in person. They must be very worried right now..." Lord Thunder rubbed his forehead as he felt a headache coming on, because Fang Xing had told his parents that he would be going on a study exchange this time. It was going to be difficult to explain to his foster parents why he was now in a coma.

Lord Thunder had met the Fang couple before. They were sincere people who made a honest living with their noodles shop, and they had doted on Fang Xing since he was a kid. If they saw their child come back after a "study exchange" in a coma, it would be surprising if they didn't want to strangle Lord Thunder.

"If my calculations are correct, the Heavenly Materials sword will definitely give me a solution. But I can't draw any conclusions until after I've gone back and carefully analyzed the materials in the sword with my tools." Luo Chuang sighed.

The Heavenly Materials sword was in his hands now. Wang Ling had personally broken into Cheng Yu's intrinsic spirit field to get it, and had brought it out along with the other thousand-odd spirit swords before handing Cheng Yu over to Zhuo Yi.

Apart from the Heavenly Materials sword, all the other swords had been handed over to the government.

"All right, we will have to trouble Brother Luo!"

"It's nothing. Once I have news, I'll let you know right away," said Luo Chuang as he nodded gravely.

Immortal Toya also suggested, "Brother Fang Xing can stay on my Chrysanthemum Island for the next two days. On one hand, it'll make it easier for me to take care of him. On the other, I also want to try some new methods; perhaps one of them will be able to wake him up."

Wang Ling stared at Fang Xing's face a little blankly.

It could be said that Fang Xing's coma was the largest variable in the campaign to annihilate Immortal Mansion's core headquarters this time. It was because of this variable that the plot of Er Ha's dream, where a Taoist in red tried to kill a fat man with a hundred swords, hadn't materialized. If they had followed the script, the person who should be in a coma now would be either Luo Chuang or Dharmaraja.

But Wang Ling knew there was no point in debating this now.

The other prickly problem in front of them right now was that Ya Xuan girl who was still asleep.

This girl had fallen into a deep sleep after they had gotten on the spirit bus, and she was even drooling...

Lord Thunder: "Brother Ling... are you sure you've cured her?"

Why did he feel that this girl was still a little stupid?

"..." This time, it was Wang Ling's turn to drop his forehead into his hand. His Great Purification Spell might have expelled the poison that had been in the girl's body, but that didn't mean it would directly remove her personality... It was possible that even when she woke up, she would still be an "idiot."

"So, is anyone willing to take her in...?"

Hardly had Lord Thunder said this when all the men in the bus turned to look away.

With Wang Ling, it naturally didn't need to be said — there was no way he would take anyone in.

Immortal Toya was already taking Fang Xing. Luo Chuang and Dharmaraja, these two damn fat nerds, were both avowed bachelors.

In the end, Cailian Zhenren sighed. "Then leave her to me for the time being... But then again, why are all of you so reluctant? Aren't you still single? You're old already, it's time to think for yourselves, and raise children to provide for you in your old age!"

"Nope!"

Dharmaraja waved his hands and smiled. "Zhenren, you have a boyfriend, of course you don't know the advantages of living alone. When you're single, you can eat whatever you want. On weekends, you can stay at home all day watching DVDs, drinking and sleeping. You don't have to clean your room! And most importantly, I'm not lacking in girlfriends!"

As he said this, everyone in the bus was startled. "When did you get a girlfriend?"

Dharmaraja: "I have different types! Except it's a little troublesome, because I have to blow them up for use..."

Everyone: "..."

The corners of Cailian Zhenren's lips twitched. "...You deserve to be a damn single dog for a thousand years!"

...

When Wang Ling got home, it was six o'clock in the morning. Since he wasn't a talkative person at home, the Wang couple were unaware of the fact that a clone of his had gone to school in his place. The only one who had noticed this abnormality was Er Ha, whose sense of smell had become increasingly sensitive almost every day after becoming a dog.

When it had been a toad, Er Ha had trained its tongue, which in the toad world was also known as "oral techniques." Now that it was a dog, training its nose was what it did every day.

Little Master Ling's real body and his clone had different scents, and Er Ha could clearly detect this. If it was Little Master Ling's real body, his skin would give off a light fragrance!

Mm... Er Ha would never mistaken the scent!

Hence, when Wang Ling teleported back to his room that morning, Er Ha, who had been lying on a mat on the first floor, almost immediately opened its eyes.

It knew that Little Master Ling was back.

And from the subtle aura that permeated the air, Er Ha thought that Little Master Ling didn't seem very happy.

Indeed, Wang Ling was a little preoccupied that day, and he didn't know why. When he passed Class Two in the morning, he even stared blankly at a particular seat inside the classroom that was empty — this was Fang Xing's seat.

The Great Purification Spell hadn't been able to purify the strange qi inside Fang Xing, which made Wang Ling feel very concerned.

Fortunately, Luo Chuang was extremely efficient. When Wang Ling opened his messages after school, Lord Thunder had already sent him a screenshot. It was from Luo Chuang, and was a list of the materials which the Heavenly Materials sword was made of, even including those that were just trace elements.

Some of the materials in this list were very familiar to Wang Ling while there were others he had never seen before.

He thought for a bit, and then simply sent this screenshot to Wang Ming.

In less than three seconds, Wang Ling felt his wristwatch vibrate violently... his idiotic elder brother had actually replied in one second!

— Hehe, I knew you missed me!

This was what Wang Ming had written in his reply message.

Looking at it, Wang Ling wanted to smash his watch.





Chapter 310 Damn Brother-Con!


Based on their mutual understanding of each other, the number of times Wang Ling looked for Wang Ming of his own accord could be counted on one hand. And any time Wang Ming did receive a request, it could put him in a bright mood for the whole day at the research institute. He didn't even need to eat, since he could make himself full just by laughing.

Sometimes, owning a realm of unlimited growth and absolute power didn't mean you didn't need help. As Wang Ling's cousin, Wang Ming wanted to do what he could to help his brother.

Therefore, even if Wang Ling didn't normally look for him, Wang Ming had given any contact from Wang Ling, through whatever means of communication, VIP status, so that Wang Ling's message would be the first thing he would see. Thus, replying in a second could simply be considered a normal operation for Wang Ming.

When it came to family, the little brother closest to Wang Ming was Wang Ling, and he was the only one. If he didn't help his own little brother, who would?

After staring for several moments at the screenshot which Wang Ling had sent him, Wang Ming's eyebrows had gradually become tightly knitted together, and in the end, he actually called Wang Ling back. "Hello? Lingzi?"

"..." Wang Ling exhaled a breath to indicate his presence.

Wang Ming understood. "I have to come over to explain this to you in person. Mm! Then, that's that, bye!"

Wang Ling: "..." What damn bye!

After that, Wang Ming directly hung up, giving Wang Ling no opportunity at all to refuse.

After hanging up at the research institute, he happily stuck out his legs and even hummed a little, looking as delighted as if he had won the lottery.

President Qi, who was tinkering with a test tube on the side, glanced at Wang Ming and laughed. "Teasing your younger brother again?"

Wang Ming was a little surprised. "How did you know?"

President Qi stared at Wang Ming with a knowing expression. The corners of his mouth tilted upward despite himself, and there was a teasing light in his eyes. "You basically do your research here every day with a stiff face; it's only when you're teasing your younger brother that you smile like a fool."

Wang Ming was speechless for a moment, then his lips thinned as he said, "No, I don't..."

President Qi didn't say anything else, because there was no point in arguing about it at all. He hummed with amusement in his heart: Heh, this damn brother-con...

...

As soon as Wang Ling walked inside when he returned home that day, he saw the old man enter the kitchen in high spirits with two giant coral groupers in his hands. This was Wang Ming's most favorite food; he was as mad about it as Wang Ling was about crispy noodle snacks.

It was very obvious that Wang Ming had already let the Wang couple and the old man know beforehand that he was coming.

Mother Wang came back downstairs after collecting the laundry, ready to help the old man. When she saw that Wang Ling had returned, she immediately smiled. "Ling Ling, I never thought that you would actually know how to be more understanding."

Wang Ling cocked his head slightly. "???"

Mother Wang covered her mouth as she smiled broadly. "Your elder brother called me today and said you personally invited him to come over. I couldn't believe it."

Wang Ling: "..."

"Sometimes we need to visit family as much as possible. Otherwise, how can we call ourselves family? It's only when you visit each other and become close that you are family. Nowadays, how many people are closer to their neighbours than to their relatives? Don't you think that's terrible?" As Mother Wang spoke, she put on her apron, her face wreathed in smiles. "Well, I'm going to go help cook. You go spend some time with your father in the living room."

Wang Ling had been startled by Mother Wang's words, and completely didn't dare refute them... But he also couldn't find any reason to do so, since they were reasonable.

"Sit down~" Father Wang patted the spot next to him on the sofa.

After his hand "exploded" yesterday, Father Wang had surpassed his normal performance and had written all the two hundred thousand words that were set to be released this week, which was why he could leisurely go downstairs to watch the evening news before dinner. To Wang Ling, it felt like it had been a very long time since they had sat on the sofa to watch the news together after Father Wang had started writing his new book, The Live Streaming Life of the Immortal King .

Just then, it so happened that the TV was reporting major news.

The female newscaster sitting demurely in front of the camera scanned the script in her hands and said solemnly, "According to the latest information, Zhuo Yi, Director of Songhai city's General Administration of 100 Schools, worked with Winter city's Sanyuan Road Cultivation Police Department to destroy a huge dark force organization yesterday. The main suspect, Cheng Yu, along with over one hundred key figures, have been recruiting people all over the country, setting up branches and creating chaos as they gathered together an army. Currently, based on Cheng Yu's confession, they have already launched several operations around the country."

This was followed by a live broadcast of a female reporter at the scene.

In the image, Master of Immortal Mansion Cheng Yu was wearing Spirit Shackles and being escorted by several people from a police car to Winter city's detention center. His face had been covered with mosaic tiles. He was still dressed in his red Taoist robes, and looked even more haggard than when Wang Ling and the others had left.

"Who you're seeing now is the main suspect in the case who wanted his name withheld, Mr Cheng Yu."

The female reporter pointed at Cheng Yu, then hurried closer with a microphone. "Mr Cheng Yu who wanted his name withheld, do you have anything to say at the moment?"

Cheng Yu: "..."

Although Cheng Yu's face was covered with a thick layer of mosaic tiles on TV, Wang Ling could still see his dumbstruck expression as he stared at the female reporter.

Father Wang stared at Cheng Yu on the news for three seconds, then turned to Wang Ling. "You did this, right?"

Wang Ling: "..."

Father Wang rubbed his jaw. "I heard this female newscaster say just now that Little Zhuo went to Winter city. Generally speaking, he would only go if you did, right?"

Wang Ling looked at Father Wang in astonishment; he hadn't thought Father Wang would actually see through their top secret mission.

Father Wang saw Wang Ling's amazement and already knew everything. He patted Wang Ling's shoulder on the spot. "You're my son. How could I not see through this scheme of yours?"

Wang Ling: "..."

"Don't worry, I'm not blaming you. This type of lawless force should be stopped, and based on how much strength you used, this person has probably been harassing us for quite a while, right? I heard from your grandfather before that there had been a big man lurking outside the door, and Ah Ke 1 dealt with him in an instant."

1(Jingke's name reduced by using the familial or intimate 'Ah' prefix.) Looking at the TV, Father Wang couldn't help laughing. "But you pushed a little too hard this time; even his hair was forced to turn white."

Wang Ling: "..."

Father Wang: "I remember a while ago, there was news about a parent forcing their child to learn maths, and the child's hair later turned white. Now, that child spends every day breaking their fingers and toes, and asking what one thousand minus seven is 2 ..."

2(This is from the series 'Tokyo Ghoul,' and is one way in which the white-haired protagonist tries to retain his sanity while he is being tortured ..) Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 311 We Are Focused On the Wrong Thing


The extermination of Immortal Mansion thus headlined the evening news on all major channels, whether it was government or regional media. Its impact was no less inferior to the old devil's arrest previously. As he watched the news, Wang Ling thought in his heart that it was a good thing that he had hidden the holy beast away, otherwise those scary animal lovers groups would take advantage of this event to kick up a fuss.

It wasn't wrong to love animals, but overprotection could often be torture.

The holy beasts were originally formed through the coalescence of the spirit energy of heaven and earth, and since ancient times had relied on the evolutionary strength of bloodlines. In modern terms, it was evolution and mutation. In fact, there hadn't been many holy beasts in ancient times to begin with, and they had now almost completely died out. Now, a silver unicorn had been discovered at long last; simply just handing it over would truly be a pity.

Of course, in Wang Ling's eyes, holy beasts were actually a type of "animal," and in most situations, it was only right that the "animal's" will itself was given more consideration.

The extermination of a dark force powerhouse would naturally cause some to feel glad and some to be grieved.

On the top floor of the most luxurious office building in Jiashi Square in downtown Songhai city, the Lady of the Castle, secretary to the Lord of Mo Immortal Castle, couldn't sit still.

She had seen the evening news about Immortal Mansion's annihilation. Winter city was Immortal Mansion's central headquarters, and none of the hundreds of people inside, from the elders to the disciples to the core members, had been exempted! The rest of their smaller forces scattered across the country were also being cleaned up one by one by local police working together.

The Master of Immortal Mansion was a peak late-stage Itinerant Immortal, but when he had been arrested, he looked as if he had been sick for a long time, given his shrivelled appearance and graying hair... what on earth had he gone through?

The Lady leaned back against the huge sofa, her expression a little absent-minded. She had worked overtime last night wiping clean all accounts between Mo Immortal Castle and Immortal Mansion. Although the fire hadn't touched Mo Immortal Castle, she still felt fearful.

What kind of person had Immortal Mansion offended?

While she was pondering this, a shadow suddenly covered the initially clear French windows. Startled by the figure reflected on the window, the Lady hurriedly stood up and bowed. "My Lord!"

The shadow gave a gentle "Mm," and then stepped out. When it touched the floor, numerous crows appearing out of thin air like a tide. When they scattered, a somber-faced, middle-aged man with a beard and long hair instantly appeared in front of the Lady.

The bearded man gave the Lady a look, and without a shred of politeness, sat down and leaned back in the boss's chair as he waved a hand at her. "Don't just stand there! Go and make me a cup of milk tea. The fresh milk you made last time from the eight-hundred-year old rhinoceros horn milk powder was pretty good. Bring that to me, and add two lumps of sugar."

"Very well... my Lord..." The Lady's mouth twitched. She hadn't expected the Lord to personally show up at all. The cupboards in her office were filled with high-quality tea, but there was one can of milk powder which had been specifically prepared for this leader. In Mo Immortal Castle, she was the only one who knew that the Lord had a special liking for milk.

"Have you finished sorting out the business with Immortal Mansion?" the man tsked and asked as the Lady dissolved the milk powder in water. The sound made her hand tremble as she held the spoon.

She nodded. "Rest assured, my Lord. All our recorded dealings with them have been wiped clean; no one will be able to trace anything back to us."

"Weren't there those two girls before? One was called Ah Zuo and the other was Ah You. Both of them went after Song Qingshu, but one is now lying half-dead in the hospital and the other is already dead," the middle-aged man said, sitting in the boss's chair with his fingers steepled and his chin resting on them. "Although these two girls are from Immortal Mansion's outer sect, we must be especially prudent and avoid giving ourselves away."

"Ah You is already dead and there is no way to find out where she fell. As for Ah Zuo, I will handle it accordingly. Please rest assured, my Lord."

The Lady nodded and brought the man a steaming cup of milk tea. After a moment of silence, she lowered her head and asked, "Since my Lord personally came this time, is there anything that you need to tell me in person?"

The man picked the cup up, blew on it, and directly took a large gulp although it was still hot. His upper lip was covered in a layer of milk foam.

Only then did he nod contentedly. "Mm... I came this time wasn't really for much; I wanted to talk about what we'll be doing after this."

"Previously, my venerable self was going to use the stone ghost mask to climb to the top, but before we could get very far, that devil got caught before he had popped up again for even half a month."

The Lady: "..."

"Then my venerable self noticed that Immortal Mansion was developing quite nicely, but before we could pass them a MOU, their core division was wiped out..."

The Lady: "..."

"Looking at these situations together, have you noticed something? Both of them have one person in common," the man said.

The Lady: "Do you mean the Great Death-Courting Senior whom Song Qingshu relied on for help?"

"No."

The man shook his head and stared at the Lady. "Have you heard of Zhuo Yi?"

Him? Realization dawned on the Lady; this was the rising star of the General Administration of 100 Schools.

"Think about it: from the Shadow Stream incident to the arrest of the old devil and finally the annihilation of Immortal Mansion, aren't all these major events linked together through this person?" The man hmphed. "So, we've been focusing on the wrong thing from the very beginning."

After that, he stroked his beard, and discovered two drops of milk in it. He quickly swiped them with his finger and then licked his finger clean.

After licking his finger, he smiled. "Therefore, I think that our focus from now on should be on this man! It's quite possible that this person is responsible for coming up with all the plans, and he's impossible to predict."

"But Great Death-Courting Senior and that mysterious expert in the villa on the outskirts..."

"Forget these petty things." The man waved his hand. "My venerable self firmly believes that the root of all this evil begins with this person called Zhuo Yi!"

The Lady: "..."

The man stared at the Lady with a very confident expression. "Before coming here, my venerable self investigated this man's past, and I discovered a very interesting person in his high school."

While speaking, spirit light flashed in his hand.

The next moment, he was holding a photo, which he passed to the Lady. "Look at this man."

"This is..." The Lady took the photo and frowned.

The photo showed a fatty in the middle of teaching. He didn't look very old, perhaps somewhere in his early thirties, and he was leaning against a lectern with a latiao between his fingers.





Chapter 312 A New Backer


The Lady stared blankly at the fatty in the photo. "Does the Lord think that there's something strange about this person?"

"This person is a history teacher at Number 60 High School. His name is Wang Zukang, nicknamed Lao Gudong. He taught Zhuo Yi before. My venerable self speculates that this person may be Zhuo Yi's largest backer and the game-changer. But based on my venerable self's investigation, he probably started using this name only after he retired from the cultivation world hundreds of years ago." The man smiled. "Look carefully at his face; does he seem a little familiar?"

"..."

The Lady stared at the photo for a long time, then blankly shook her head. "Forgive this subordinate's stupidity, my Lord, please tell me..."

The middle-aged man sighed and stroked his beard. "Have you heard of... Gorgeous Itinerant?"

Gorgeous Itinerant?

The Lady was suddenly enlightened. Of course she had heard of him! This was the man who had personally created the international ranking list of killers a thousand years ago! And he was the sole guardian envoy of the list! This was a genuine top expert who had left behind many prominent legends in the cultivation world.

She clearly remembered how, when he had been renowned back then, he had once stabbed and killed a Soul Formation cultivator in mid-air with a one-finger qigong... But it was said that he had already retired a very long time ago due to a mistake he had made.

She stared at the photo with a petrified expression on her face. "My Lord, do you mean to say that this high school teacher is Gorgeous Itinerant?"

The middle-aged man nodded solemnly. "Yes."

The Lady was instantly flustered. "But... Gorgeous Itinerant is said to be one of the most beautiful men in the world!"

Because she had once been interested in Gorgeous Itinerant for a while, the Lady had looked up a lot of information on him before. Although she hadn't been able to find any specific photos of him, according to those who had seen his real face, it could be summed up in short as exceedingly and incomparably beautiful.

So, how could the real Gorgeous Itinerant... be a fatty who loved latiao ?!

The Lady stared at the photo and took a deep breath. "My Lord... this subordinate wonders if this might be a mistake?"

"You don't think he can eat until he got fat?"

The middle-aged man laughed. "Haven't you heard of a different kind of prettyman 1 ?"

1(This is the title of a Chinese drama in which a group of pretty boys gain super powers.) The Lady: "..."

After a pause, he stood up and looked gently at her. "You can rest assured, there's definitely no mistake. Furthermore, did you know that back then, it was in fact two guardian envoys who created the international ranking list of killers?"

The Lady: "Two?"

The Lord: "Gorgeous Itinerant was only one of them. There was actually a senior who stood shoulder to shoulder with him in strength. He was given the nickname Taoist Taotie. This was because he was exceedingly ugly, like Taotie2 . A lot of people who saw his real face were scared to death..."

2(The taotie(饕餮)is one of the "four evil creatures of the world," or four fiends, in ancient Chinese mythology, and is said to be very unsightly.) The Lady: "..."

The Lord: "They were as close as brothers to begin with. However, it seemed that Gorgeous Itinerant was too beautiful, and all the rumors in the outside world were about him... it only took lighting a small fuse after that for Taoist Taotie to break off relations with Gorgeous Itinerant. And it seems that the mistake which caused Gorgeous Itinerant to withdraw from the cultivation world is also linked to this falling-out."

The Lady was stunned by this story. Her brain felt like it couldn't handle it because she had never heard of that Taoist Taotie who stood on par with Gorgeous Itinerant.

Staring at the middle-aged man in front of her, she summoned up the courage to ask, "This subordinate is stupid. With all due respect, I would like to ask the Lord... why are you so familiar with this matter?"

The middle-aged man laughed. "Because Taoist Taotie told me himself. Though Gorgeous Itinerant has gained weight, Taoist Taotie is sure that it's him — even if the man turns to ash, he would recognize him!"

The Lady: "...Has the Lord drawn Senior Taoist Taotie in to work for you?"

"I wouldn't put it that way; at best we're associates, and we're just taking what we each want." The middle-aged man waved his hand and then looked at the Lady. "This is what I came here today to tell you."

The Lady: "Then what about our plans after that?"

"From now on, our focus is Gorgeous Itinerant at Number 60 High School. According to legend, Gorgeous Itinerant possesses an invincible weapon which intimidated even True Immortals. We can now only rely on this thing for my Mo Immortal Castle to rise in the future..."

The Lady nodded solemnly. "The Lord is wise! I will definitely do my best!"

"Very good." The middle-aged man nodded. "You can send some people to infiltrate this school first as scouts for Senior Taoist Taotie."

The Lady replied, "Yes!"

Speaking up to this point, there was suddenly a look of nostalgia in the middle-aged man's eyes. "Mm... by the way, it seems that one of the classes Gorgeous Itinerant is teaching now is Grade One, Class Three?"

The Lady: "Is there something strange about this Grade One, Class Three?"

"It's nothing, I just suddenly remembered when I was in high school, I also happened to be in Class Three."

The middle-aged man abruptly stared at the cup of milk on the table, and there were tears in his eyes. "My mother gave me two cans of Wang Zai milk..."

The Lady: "..."

...

Wang Ming's exclusive driver parked the Aoguanhai combat vehicle some distance away on the other side of the road opposite the Wang family's small villa. Since Wang Ming's abduction in Number 59 High School by Jiang Liuying, the younger sister of the Master of Shadow Stream, the driver had never left Wang Ming's side whenever he went out, for fear of anything unexpected happening.

It was President Qi who had personally found Wang Ming this driver. His last name was Zhai and his given name was Yin. He was said to be very strong, but Wang Ming couldn't see it. He simply felt that the man was a little scary and that he had a perpetually cold aura... Wang Ming thought this guy shouldn't be called Zhai Yin, but "Grave 3 " instead.

3(Grave in pinyin is 'yin zhai..') Zhai Yin was about to remove the car key when Wang Ming immediately stopped him and said, "That, you can go back... you can take a break."

Instead of turning around, Zhai Yin raised his head, and that pair of cold eyes gazed at Wang Ming in the car's rearview mirror, causing the latter to shudder. The man's tone was also chilly. "President Qi said that your safety is my responsibility."

"..."

Wang Ming was a little speechless.

Because when it came to safety... with Wang Ling around, there was no need to worry at all!

And the most important thing was... he had come here today wearing the long johns!

Wang Ming pursed his lips and looked at Zhai Yin. "But it's my family in this small villa. It wouldn't be appropriate for you to come in, right?"

Zhai Yin: "President Qi said that your safety is my responsibility."

Wang Ming: "Then can you stay in the car?"

Zhai Yin: "President Qi said that your safety is my responsibility."

"..."

Helpless, Wang Ming in the end could only get out of the car with this old driver... Zhai Yin's face was utterly expressionless as he followed closely behind Wang Ming.

When Wang Ming measured the distance between them with his eyes, he noticed that they were never more than one and a half meters apart, and he instantly felt deep despair.

When the doorbell rang, Wang Ling personally went to open the door since Mother Wang and the old man were busy in the kitchen and hadn't heard it. As soon as he opened it, he felt the blast of a chilly aura coming from the man behind Wang Ming... he felt his face become a little colder.

Without saying anything, he stretched out one hand to pull Wang Ming into the house before slamming the door shut.

This hand speed was so fast that Zhai Yin wasn't able to react at all...





Chapter 313 Real Son and Fake Son


Actually, when Zhai Yin had stopped the car in front of the house, Wang Ling had already heard what was happening outside. He had heard everything clearly, including the conversation in the car. At first, Wang Ling had thought that the miserable expression on Wang Ming's face was a little funny, but it was impossible to say that he didn't care at all when he saw how merciless Zhai Yin continued to be.

No matter what, Wang Ming was still his family. Letting an outsider intrude without an invitation would make Wang Ling feel strange.

In this respect, he was exactly like his father, preferring only to get along with people he was familiar with. If it had been Mother Wang and the old man, they would definitely have pulled Zhai Yin into the house without a second thought. Thus, while they were still unaware, Wang Ling dragged Wang Ming inside and slammed the door in Zhai Yin's face.

How could he let an outsider participate in this joyous family occasion?

Although Wang Ling was a little displeased, this was the task which President Qi had assigned Zhai Yin after all, which was to personally protect his idiot elder brother, so Wang Ling didn't embarrass him too much. He just casually cast a small spell the instant he closed the door, covering the outside of the Wang family's small villa with a steel barrier that even a True Immortal probably wouldn't be able to break through.

After Wang Ling closed the door, Wang Ming felt immensely relieved. He hadn't wanted to leave the institute these two days because of this Zhai Yin! He had been complaining in his heart the entire time that it would have been great if President Qi had given him a beauty... Who would be willing to go out all day tailed by a human ice block?!

Wang Ming stroked his wrist, as if there was still some residual warmth left behind from when Wang Ling had pulled him in. When he saw Wang Ling let go of his hand with a cold face, the corners of his mouth tilted upward slightly — his chance to tease Wang Ling had come!

He pounced on Wang Ling like a cat and wrapped himself around one arm. Swaying in a coquettish manner, he patted Wang Ling on the shoulder with a faint blush on his face and said in a thready voice, "You devil... you're so hateful!"

The sound didn't make just Wang Ling's hair stand on end; even Er Ha's dog fur stood up as if it had been electrocuted.

Wang Ling and Er Ha: "..."

As expected, this little shit was an idiot!

"Hey, Little Ming, you've arrived?" Hearing the noise, Father Wang got up from the sofa and walked toward them.

Seeing this, Wang Ming immediately let go of Wang Ling's arm and said, "Uncle Wang, how are you?" As he spoke, he slanted a stealthy look at Wang Ling's fist, and could vaguely see the protruding blue veins... He was instantly frightened, and thought that if Father Wang had come a little later, Wang Ling would probably have hit him with a full set of intelligence-recovery punches 1 .

1(This is from the anime "Aho-girl," when a teacher trying to tutor the dunce female protagonist becomes completely derailed herself, and the female protagonist's male childhood friend hits the teacher so that she regains her senses.) "Come here, Little Ming, come in and sit down." Father Wang put his arm around Wang Ming's shoulders and pulled him down onto the sofa. His face was wreathed in smiles, genuinely happier than seeing his own son...

"What do you want to drink?"

Wang Ming sniffed the air, then chuckled. "I'll just have some soup later! I can smell the coral grouper soup!"

Father Wang laughed. "You have a nose that will catch up to our Er Ha's."

Er Ha: "..."

Father Wang sipped his tea, then turned his head to gaze at Wang Ming. "Any new results from your research recently?"

Wang Ling had concluded long ago that this wasn't making polite or small talk. This was a question Father Wang would always ask whenever Wang Ling came to the Wang home; supposedly, it could give him inspiration for his writing.

"Yes, there's one." Wang Ming nodded.

Many things related to the institute were actually confidential, and most of them couldn't be disclosed. Therefore, whenever Wang Ming spoke about his "research results," it was about his own small and personal inventions.

"Our biology lab was given eyes left to us by Soul Formation cultivators for study. I recently developed a new invention through this research, but it's still in the trial stage."

"What invention is this?" Father Wang was very curious, and on the side, Wang Ling also raised his eyebrows.

"It's a type of long telescope which is based on the retinal structure in the eyes of Soul Formation cultivators! With this long telescope, you'll be able to see whatever is happening a thousand li away."

"..." Father Wang and Wang Ling both started sweating.

Father Wang: "If this thing ever fell into the hands of lawbreakers..."

"Once it's finished, it's definitely only going to be produced on demand. For example, every police station can be equipped with one to keep an eye on suspects, and no crime will go undetected. There's no way we will sell it on the market."

"Then that's good." Father Wang nodded.

That was because a while ago, there had been news about a kindergarten teacher who had mistreated the kids and threatened them by saying she had a long telescope, so even when they were at home, she could see them clearly. Apparently, this had frightened the kids so much that it had left a psychological shadow on them.

When Father Wang had seen this news, he had been secretly glad that Wang Ling had been strong since childhood. This kindergarten teacher was also lucky that she had never met Wang Ling, otherwise he would already have sent her to hell...

While the three were chatting on the sofa, Father Wang's cell phone rang. As soon as he saw that it was Lie Mengmeng, he got up and went to the veranda to answer the phone.

Father Wang: "I'm going to take this call, the two of you talk first."

Seeing Father Wang leave, Wang Ling was just about to ask about the materials in the Heavenly Materials sword when Wang Ming shut down the topic first.

Wang Ming: "It'll take me a while to give a clear explanation about the materials identified in the screenshot you sent me. We'll talk about it upstairs after dinner."

Wang Ling pursed his lips, then sighed in his heart. While Wang Ming was speaking, it so happened that the evening news was replaying an earlier broadcast, and it was still about the extermination of Immortal Mansion.

This was yet another major event to happen after the old devil's arrest. For this type of big news, the TV would always broadcast it roughly three times, fully putting the policy "important things need to be repeated three times 2 " into practice.

2(This is a song by the Chinese girl group S.I.N.G.) Wang Ling had already watched all the news with Father Wang once, so he had a disinterested expression on his face.

In contrast, when Wang Ming watched it, he said happily, "Tsk, the greatest cultivation dark force in the history of Huaxiu nation? And its core group was destroyed just like that? From what I'm hearing on the news, this Immortal Mansion is supposed to be very well-organized with large numbers of people, but before it could even do anything big, it was already annihilated?"

Wang Ming couldn't help sighing. "Nowadays, these evil forces are becoming worse and worse; they can't even compete with the Dark Cooking Society in Cooking Master Boy ..."

Wang Ling: "..."

When Wang Ming said this, the news happened to show Cheng Yu being escorted away.

He stared at Cheng Yu on the news for three seconds, then turned to Wang Ling. "You did this, right?"

Wang Ling was instantly speechless. "..." Wang Ming's eyes and tone were exactly like Father Wang's!

Sure enough... you're actually the real son, right?!





Chapter 314 The Mysterious Substance in the Heavenly Materials Sword


After they finished dinner, the two brothers went upstairs. Wang Ming flopped backward onto Wang Ling's bed and rolled around.

The corners of his mouth twitching, Wang Ling looked at Wang Ming with his hands on his waist, feeling a little helpless. Bed Immortal and Pillow Immortal were more open to Wang Ming than to Lord Thunder since this guy had often slept on the same bed with Wang Ling when he had come over to play as a kid, so now they had already acknowledged Wang Ming as their second master.

Sometimes, Wang Ling was really afraid of people who were the most shameless, and Wang Ming was a good example — not only was he an idiot, he was also quite shameless. The worst thing about it was that he wasn't aware of it.

Wang Ming sat on his bed and looked at Wang Ling with an amused face. "You know what?"

Wang Ling: "???"

Wang Ming: "I like when you look angry and helpless like this."

"..." Wang Ling's face swiftly darkened.

His expression made Wang Ming turn chicken in a split-second, and he immediately cleared his throat. "All right... I won't tease you anymore. Let's be serious..." He knew that Wang Ling was now already close to blowing up, and if Wang Ming continued provoking him, he would probably set a second record as a member of Huaxiu's Cultivation Academy of Science.

The first was that he was the youngest academician at the Cultivation Academy of Science in Huaxiu's history.

The second one would be that he was the earliest Cultivation Academy of Science academician to die in Huaxiu's history.

Wang Ming was well aware that there were times when his teasing should stop where it should stop.

He sat on the bed, folded his arms, and looked at Wang Ling. "That previous screenshot of an appraisal report is probably an analytical breakdown of the materials in a spirit sword, right? First, I want to hear about that sword's origins."

If they hadn't completely settled things with Immortal Mansion, Wang Ling absolutely wouldn't have told Wang Ming anything as he didn't want to get Wang Ming directly involved. Knowing Wang Ming's character, if he knew about Immortal Mansion, he would very likely go and explore it for himself. The cultivation circle was very complicated, and it would be better for him not to muddy the waters.

But Immortal Mansion had now been exterminated, so there shouldn't be anything to worry about... Besides, Zhai Yin was like a second skin now, protecting Wang Ming, so Wang Ling didn't think it should matter much.

At the thought of this, Wang Ling released his spiritual senses to perceive the situation outside the villa — Zhai Yin hadn't returned to the car, and was still standing at attention and unmoving outside the door. It could be said that he was quite well-trained.

Although the guy seemed strange, Wang Ling didn't particularly dislike him.

He touched Wang Ming's forehead lightly with one finger and instantly relayed his memories of Immortal Mansion... Of course, he had gotten rid of the memory of him in women's clothes. If Wang Ming knew about this, it would make this guy happy for a year!

Memories flooded into Wang Ming's mind like data, and he clicked his tongue in wonder. "Heh, if this trick could be used to cheat in exams... it'd be too damn convenient! For students who don't know the answer, 'mother never has to worry about my studies 1 '!"

1(A reminder that this is an ad for a BBK Electronics point reading machine for children ..) Wang Ling laughed in his heart. "..." You wish!

In his opinion, it was better to rely on yourself during an exam than on others. And in class, almost no one would ask him to help them cheat...

Actually, the level in the elite class was pretty much the same; trying to score high marks in a group of elites was the most difficult thing to do. Wang Ling's academic performance was forever average... His marks were always down the middle, so no one in class wanted to copy his answers.

Just a while ago, Guo Hao had even given him the title of "Balanced Instructor" because of this.

After Wang Ling had relayed his memories to Wang Ming, the other man still spent a full five minutes sorting them out, even if he was the strongest brain.

Although Wang Ming already knew that it was Wang Ling who had destroyed Immortal Mansion, he was still shocked when he learned the truth of the entire matter. An enormous dark force core organization, eliminated in one single day...

According to the main thread in the memories, Wang Ling had surmised that Immortal Mansion had used the underground spirit vein and the holy Ice Crystal Array to construct a mirror space to hide its stronghold. Then, he had blasted through the spatial wall, was summoned to the flat top at Yuntai Pavilion, had had his identity exposed in order to save Dharmaraja and the others, directly knocked out all the inner sect female disciples with spiritual pressure, dealt with a female elder, dealt with a silver unicorn, and finally dealt with the Master of Immortal Mansion...

Wang Ming was a little speechless. The things that had happened this last Sunday were more than what some people experienced in an entire year! If this was a true-blue cultivation novel, the one-on-one confrontation between these two cultivators could fill several days and nights' worth of writing.

But after learning the whole story, Wang Ming felt relieved. "If this is the case, the appearance of this substance inside the sword is just a coincidence."

"?" Wang Ling didn't understand what he meant, and was slightly at a loss.

"After looking at the appraisal report in that screenshot, I realized that it had the same element which is contained in the Dao talisman seal I made for you. Furthermore, this is the key ingredient... This is the key substance in the Dao talisman seal which suppresses your aura."

He looked up at Wang Ling and explained very seriously, "When I first saw this appraisal report of the materials in the sword, I thought that someone had discovered the secret of this substance. But given the current outcome, it's probably just a coincidence. I'm guessing that the Master of Immortal Mansion himself didn't know about this thing when he made the sword."

Wang Ling: "..."

Wang Ming couldn't help but sigh. "You don't know how hard it is to refine this thing... Even with the most sophisticated equipment in our research institute, I can only refine a few micrograms of it every year. The Master of Immortal Mansion incorporated a lot of materials into this sword. If it's a coincidence, then there is a real possibility that this material can be reproduced."

After Wang Ming's explanation, Wang Ling was suddenly enlightened.

He roughly knew now why his Great Purification Spell hadn't worked on Fang Xing. It was most likely because of the resistance effect of this trace substance. It was also because of this strange thing lurking in Fang Xing's body that he had yet to wake up.

"Currently, the only person who knows about this thing's existence apart from me is you; there shouldn't be anyone else. I thought it had leaked out at first, which almost scared me to death..." Wang Ming heaved a sigh and fell back on the bed.

Did this thing have no scientific name?

Wang Ling stared at Wang Ling, unable to resist asking him telepathically.

"A scientific name... I was the one who discovered this thing in the first place, and I'm not prepared to announce it publicly. Why does it need a scientific name?" said Wang Ming.

Wang Ling: "..."

"But I did name it myself." Wang Ming grinned. "I call it Anti-Wang Ling Matter!"

Wang Ling: "..." The name could be said to be rather simple and crude, but the substance's unique quality lay in the fact that it had a restraining effect on just him... hence, there was completely nothing wrong with this name.

"That sword contains traces of this element, but it's far less than the amount in your Dao talisman seal. This thing dissipates quickly, you don't have to worry about it. Your friend will wake up in two days after the substance breaks down on its own inside his body."

Speaking up to this point, Wang Ming suddenly sat up straight on the bed and stared at Wang Ling solemnly. "But Lingzi... have you realized it yet?"

Wang Ling: "?"

Cupping his chin with both hands, Wang Ming showed a rare, serious face. "I think your body is getting used to this substance..."





Chapter 315 Lao Gudong's Time for Gossip


Wang Ming left at nine o'clock in the evening. He had wanted to stay the night and engage in heartfelt conversation with Wang Ling, but when he thought of Zhai Yin still standing erect at the front door, he gave up on the idea.

As a formidable and well-trained military cultivator, Zhai Yin wouldn't feel tired standing at attention for even several days, but Wang Ming would feel a little uncomfortable if he was the reason Zhai Yin spent the night at the front door.

Wang Ming didn't really like Zhai Yin. He was absolutely rigid in his ways, which was quite different from the Academy of Science's policy of flexible and adaptive strategies. But however much Wang Ming disliked him, the other party was just following orders to protect him.

When he left the house, he saw Zhai Yin staring at him coldly. It was only when Zhai Yin saw him come out that the man stood at rest. He then made a perfect one hundred and eighty degree turn and walked slowly toward the car to open the door for Wang Ming.

He stared at Wang Ming, his eyes like that of a poisonous snake in the jungle staring at its prey.

At that moment, Wang Ming abruptly thought that Wang Ling's dead fish eyes weren't bad. He might have facial paralysis, but at least he wasn't freaking cold!

"I'll truthfully report what happened tonight to President Qi. I'm also going to verify the information on all the people in this villa one by one, especially that person who pulled you inside," Zhai Yin said, looking at Wang Ming.

He thought about his earlier embarrassment. When Wang Ling had dragged Wang Ming in, it had been so fast that Zhai Yin hadn't even been able to see Wang Ling's face clearly, and Wang Ming had just disappeared directly in front of him...

Wang Ming looked at him angrily, refusing to get into the car. "That's my little brother! And my uncle and my aunt! And my grandfather! What are you thinking?"

Zhai Yin's face was cold. "Even if it's your second eldest uncle 1 , it's useless. Work is work."

1(In Beijing, this is used as a vulgarity, like 'fuck your mom.') Wang Ming's lips twitched gloomily. "..."

Go and check then! He knew Wang Ling had the Great Shielding Spell, so even if he were to be investigated, everything would just be a huge mosaic.

Wang Ming really didn't know where on earth President Qi had found this weirdo...

...

It was June 28th on Wednesday in the tenth week of the semester.

When Wang Ling arrived at school in the morning, he heard the news about two of his "acquaintances," one of whom was Tan Qian. He was the younger brother of the owner of that beef noodles restaurant, Boss Tan. He had come to the villa to stir up trouble, but Jingke had ruthlessly dealt with him in an instant. Under Lord Thunder and Boss Tan's assiduous instructions, he had then become a real " erwuzai 2 . "

2(Cantonese slang for 'traitor..') It had to be said that Boss Tan was really far-sighted. From the moment he had seen Tan Qian, he had tried all means and ways to help Tan Qian to be rid of Immortal Mansion as soon as possible.

This time, Tan Qian would appear in court as an informant on Immortal Mansion. Previously, he had sent a complete map of Immortal Mansion's branch intelligence networks to the local cultivation police stations. It was because of this that the local police stations had been able to launch a campaign to exterminate Immortal Mansion's branch forces.

This above gossip was from Guo Hao, Guo Hao in Grade One, Class Three.

During the morning self-study period, the classroom was very noisy as almost all of the discussion was about Immortal Mansion.

"I heard before that the brother of this informant runs a noodles restaurant?" Chen Chao asked.

Guo Hao nodded solemnly. "Yes, it's authentic lao tan pickled cabbage beef noodles. I have an uncle who went there to eat their noodles. The boss has a scarred face and an enigmatic look..."

Wang Ling: "..."

Then, in addition to the news on Tan Qian, the second person Wang Ling heard about was Tang Youning. Back then, this vagabond singer who had found it hard to even afford three meals a day had quickly become famous after Wang Ling had given him a song.

Actually, Tang Youning also had a connection to the beef noodles restaurant's Boss Tan. Back when Tang Youning hadn't been famous yet, he had pretty much been a regular at Midnight Dining Hall.

"This Tang Youning is really unlucky..."

Speaking about this person, Guo Hao supported his forehead with one hand and smiled wryly.

"What happened?"

Guo Hao: "After his song Old Boys hit it big, he released several original songs after that, but it seemed they were all eclipsed by other headlines."

Wang Ling: "..."

"When he released his second song, the younger sister of the Master of Shadow Stream breaking out of prison stole the headlines.

"When he released his third song, her recapture stole the headlines once again...

"After that, this was followed by the elimination of Shadow Stream's headquarters, the arrest of the old devil, and the live online broadcast of the old devil's interrogation." After that, Guo Hao couldn't help sighing. "Yesterday was his birthday... thousands of fans were going to celebrate together, and everyone thought that this would make the headlines for sure, but who knew that the thing with Immortal Mansion would happen."

Wang Ling: "..."

The class was deep in heated discussion when Lao Gudong stepped into the classroom, a full twenty minutes ahead of the regular class time, and even using part of the morning self-study period.

The monthly exam was approaching, and this month's exam was very important. It was a joint schools exam, where many schools would be using the same exam paper, so that students could accurately determine their ranking in the entire district. It was no use being king of your own home — it was only when you became king of the whole district or even the whole city that you could consider yourself dominant.

"The teacher setting the paper for the joint schools exam this time is the district history scholar, Teacher Ji Chongkui." Lao Gudong looked up with a face full of rare seriousness.

When they heard this name, many people in the class couldn't help but gasp.

This name was way too familiar to them, because this was the most brutal and inhuman scholar in Peiyuan district... Every year, the freshmen who entered high school would hear their seniors in Grades Two and Three complain strongly about this person.

As for rumors about this teacher, Wang Ling had heard Clan Leader Yu mention them before when Wang Ling had just entered the school. Last year, there had been three thousand freshmen who had taken the joint six schools exam, and in the end, ninety percent of them had failed... Even the best score among the elite students had only been seventy points.

Therefore, although it hadn't yet been officially determined how many schools would participate in the joint schools exam this time, it was going to be a challenge for both students and teachers given that such a vicious teacher would be setting the paper.

Hence, for the first time ever, Lao Gudong took advantage of the morning self-study period to enter the classroom ahead of time to announce the tragic news.

His expression was a little solemn, but it wasn't without his usual confidence; Teacher Ji might be ruthless, but Lao Gudong was very confident in his own teaching.

Last year, the teacher leading the elite class hadn't been Lao Gudong, hence their very tragic results.

But this year, they would turn it around.

Lao Gudong cleared his throat and looked at the students. "Last night, I studied the exam papers which Teacher Ji set. Not only do they contain hard historical concepts, there is also a lot of external knowledge as well as historical knowledge derived from recent hot topics, so a lot of people might find this difficult... In view of the recent hot topic of Immortal Mansion, I'm going to share with you gossip on the dark forces..."

Wang Ling: "..."

As expected, after talking so much, in the end, he still wanted to gossip...





Chapter 316 Taoist Taotie and Qiongchi Sec


The dark cultivation forces had actually only been brought up as a concept several decades ago, and were distinctly differentiated from the light forces, which had clear qualifications to run schools. The light forces consisted of the large state-run and private cultivation academies as well as some of the large sects specifically for itinerant cultivators.

To put it simply, the dark forces were a group of unapproved black organizations which illegally recruited itinerant cultivators and opened schools just for profit; they were like those small shops which didn't have food certification and made contaminated latiao .

On the dais, Lao Gudong briefed them on the history of the concept. "In everyone's eyes, the dark forces are a congregation of evildoers. But we cannot make generalizations. There is both right and wrong among the dark forces. There are even some centuries-old sects that were blacklisted, but only because their founders were in seclusion, and so they couldn't apply for their qualifications in time. Over the past few years, many dark cultivation forces have obtained their qualifications through the standard channels."

Everyone immediately understood; in simple terms, it was a matter of getting certification or not getting it.

After all, the Spirit Energy Information era was already no longer a time when hundreds of sects could freely compete or immortals could freely fight one another. Everything was now restricted by laws and regulations, and to continue in the modern cultivation world, one had to obey them.

Wang Ling couldn't agree more with this point.

The reason why he had eliminated Immortal Mansion was because it hadn't abided by the rules; not only had it disrupted his life, the most important thing was that it had severely affected his studies!

Why couldn't he be left to do his homework in peace nowadays?

But like Lao Gudong had said, not all dark forces were congregations of cunning villains. Some were really sects that hadn't been able to get certification since their elders were in seclusion, and because of that had been directly blacklisted.

Reliance High School was one example.

Everyone knew that the headmaster of Reliance High School, Patriarch Reliance, was a seclusion maniac. Back then, if several school elders hadn't personally dragged him out of seclusion to get certification, the school would have been torn down straightaway.

Speaking up to this point, Lao Gudong's eyes lit up. "Looking at the trend in the exam papers which Teacher Ji Chongkui set in previous years, I'm guessing that he will definitely include questions on the history of the dark forces. This teacher doesn't really like testing students on concepts, but just in case, I'll draw up a chronological list of all the well-known dark forces in history for you to remember."

"Teacher, who are the well-known dark forces in history?" At that time, someone couldn't help standing up with a hand raised to ask the question.

"Don't rush, I was just about to get to them."

Lao Gudong gestured for the student to sit down. "Then, let me tell you about some of history's more well-known dark forces; Teacher Ji Chongkui will very likely test you on this."

Hearing this, all the students in class took out their notebooks.

Seeing that Wang Ling hadn't done the same, Guo Hao hastily nudged him. "Why are you spacing out, hurry up and take notes!"

Wang Ling: "..." As long as he put his mind to it, this type of information would be instantly engraved in his brain once he heard it, so there was no need for him to take notes at all.

Of course, Guo Hao had been kind enough to give him a reminder. After sweeping his gaze around the class and realizing that most people had taken out their notebooks, Wang Ling could only do the same and take some token notes, otherwise he would really look strange.

He sighed inwardly; nowadays, it was hard to be a person, hard to be a top student... and hard to be a top student trying every means possible to get average grades in class!

Thus, there were times when he would see people in class who were especially good in their studies nod off after gaming all night... Maybe they really weren't studying frantically outside of class; maybe they were relying purely on their very high IQs.

...

The people in class had never doubted Lao Gudong's expertise at forecasting test questions; this was a living test predictor. Years ago, the district education committee had monitored him for half a year because he had been too precise with his predictions, and had been suspected of leaking the test paper.

However, in the face of his strength as the number one history teacher in Number 60 High School, the committee hadn't been able to find any evidence of misconduct.

After seeing that everyone had taken out their notebooks, Lao Gudong crossed his hands behind his back, cleared his throat, and said, "An accounting of the infamous dark forces in history must start with the Flying Talismans Gang. Back then, the founder started from scratch by selling shoddy talismans and recruiting relatives and friends as sales agents. To be promoted to Bronze Agents, one needed to sell one hundred flying talismans; one thousand to become Silver Agents; and ten thousand to become Gold Agents... Finally, this gang's numbers expanded to millions of people."

"...What happened to them?"

"Later, they were all arrested in three days for selling shoddy talismans. Because they weren't especially strong, it didn't require much effort to deal with them. After that, this Flying Talismans Gang was called the Fallen Talismans Gang," Lao Gudong said.

Everyone: "..."

"Based on member numbers, it was the largest gang in the history of the dark forces. Based on overall strength, however, Immortal Mansion currently ranks first. But before Immortal Mansion's appearance, there was one other large dark force which deserves our attention... Have you heard of Qiongchi Sect?"

When Lao Gudong said this, there was an abrupt and subtle change in his expression. It was only for an instant before it went back to normal, but Wang Ling had noticed it.

"This was a sect made up of top gluttons; anyone who wanted to join them had to eat fifty jin's worth of food 1 ."

1('Qiongchi' literally translates to 'poor eats..') Everyone: "..."

Lao Gudong said pensively, "When Qiongchi Sect was at its peak back then, its disciples expanded its influence by forming teams that went out searching for local delicacies in the region. They scoured every part of the country with the aim of hunting spirit beasts for food, directly leading to the extinction of seventeen spirit beast species..."

"Shit! Seventeen spirit beast species were eaten into extinction?" someone cried out in shock.

"..." Even Wang Ling had a disbelieving expression on his face.

To be frank, because most of the history of the dark forces was pretty dark, they actually couldn't be found in textbooks.

If Lao Gudong never spoke to them about it here, Wang Ling would have never known about this bizarre history.

Now that he thought about it carefully, it was no wonder that the silver unicorn utterly despised the human race; if it had run into a dark force like this Qiongchi Sect, that would have been a real pain in the ass.

Since he was speaking about Qiongchi Sect, Lao Gudong naturally had to introduce its founder, and it was likely that Teacher Ji Chongkui would be testing the students on this point.

After composing himself, Lao Gudong continued speaking. "Next, I'm going to talk about the founder of Qiongchi Sect... Taoist Taotie."





Chapter 317 Taoist Taotie And Gorgeous Itineran


Taoist Taotie's achievements had actually once been well-known in older cultivation circles. However, he was so ugly that those who had met him in person would feel sick whenever they recalled his face, and those who had never met him before would still lose their appetites at the mere description of his appearance... After that, the senior cultivators in the circle had started to treat this name as taboo, and had never brought it up again.

A reputation was only considered as such when everyone talked about it; since no one mentioned him anymore, he would naturally be forgotten.

Thus, students Wang Ling's age had no idea at all that such a person existed in history.

"Teacher, exactly how ugly is this Taoist Taotie...?" someone raised a hand and asked.

Lao Gudong had talked about Taoist Taotie in general, but in the end everyone was focused on his looks. Everyone had seen ugly people before, but they were really curious to know exactly how ugly he could be.

From what Lao Gudong had said, Taoist Taotie's looks could shake the world and make the gods cry. He looked like the mythological Taotie beast and also had a huge appetite, which was how he had gotten this nickname.

However, Lao Gudong hadn't gone into detail about Taoist Taotie's appearance at all. Seeing that someone had raised this question, he frowned and smiled bitterly. "You shouldn't place so much emphasis on what other people look like; you should pay more attention to inner beauty. Besides, Taoist Taotie hadn't been born ugly; it was because he cultivated the wrong art. No matter what plastic surgery he had, or what appearance-molding elixirs he used, he would instantly revert back to his original appearance in less than a quarter of an hour."

Everyone now understood why Taoist Taotie hadn't gotten any plastic surgery done — even plastic surgery couldn't fix his ugliness.

"Apart from his identity as the founder of Qiongchi Sect, Taoist Taotie was also the person who set up the international ranking list of killers, and was the guardian envoy of this list," said Lao Gudong.

"Isn't the legendary Gorgeous Itinerant the guardian envoy of the list?" Guo Hao was startled by what Lao Gudong had said; this was completely different to what his uncle had told him.

A mysterious smile flickered across Lao Gudong's face. "In fact, the list had two guardian envoys. Gorgeous Itinerant as mentioned by Student Guo Hao was also one of them. Back then, Gorgeous Itinerant and Taoist Taotie set up this role together. However, shortly after that, the two of them had a falling-out and withdrew from the cultivation world. Qiongchi Sect was also disbanded during that time. Currently, the number one killer on the list, Killer Taoist, is acting as the guardian envoy."

"Disbanded?" The students couldn't help twitching their lips.

Sure enough, gluttons were the only group of people in this world that could be summoned and dismissed at will. No wonder online searches for Qiongchi Sect didn't yield any results; as it turned out, this dark force had already disbanded before the authorities could crack down on it.

"Why did they have a falling-out?" Someone was very curious.

Lao Gudong drew in a breath before he slowly said, "Rumor was that Gorgeous Itinerant had slipped up during an operation, but no one knows the precise reason. The only thing we know is that after that, the two of them had a falling-out and went their separate ways. Taoist Taotie, moreover, swore that he would definitely get even with Gorgeous Itinerant."

This answer disappointed the class. Even Lao Gudong didn't know, which meant that no matter how much they researched it, no one would uncover the reason.

But Lin Xiaoyu was clearly excited compared with everyone else. "Teacher! Why is he called Gorgeous Itinerant? Is it because... he's very erotic 1 ?"

1(The second character 色 in the word for 'gorgeous' 绝色 on its own can mean 'lascivious' or 'dirty .. ') Lao Gudong: "..."

"Obviously it was because he was too handsome, okay?"

Guo Hao explained in place of Lao Gudong. Although he hadn't heard of Taoist Taotie's achievements from his uncle, he had heard of Gorgeous Itinerant.

Guo Hao: "As far as I know, Gorgeous Itinerant was the most magnificent beauty of his generation, and anyone who saw him had their breaths taken away. He's famous for being the most beautiful man in the cultivation world!"

"Is he that good-looking?" All the female students in class were stirred up.

"Let's take that Senior Immortal Toya, the chief instructor for the military training the last time, as an example. If the cultivation circle had a beauty contest, Senior Immortal Toya's looks would put him in the top twenty, but he wouldn't be number one. Gorgeous Itinerant's beauty was widely acknowledged in the cultivation circle back then. I remember that there's a ranking list online, you can go check it out."

Guo Hao said, "One of my uncles told me that a female cultivator took one look at Gorgeous Itinerant back then, and because he was so handsome, her blood reversed direction and rushed into her brain; rumor is that she's still in a coma now."

"To that extent?"

Lao Gudong smiled slightly. "...What Student Guo said is true; I've also heard this."

Hearing these stories, Lin Xiaoyu grew more and more curious about Gorgeous Itinerant, and her heart felt as itchy as if claws were scratching at it. "Ahh! Wouldn't it be great if I can see him with my own eyes!"

"Perhaps everyone will have the opportunity to meet him."

On the dais, Lao Gudong rubbed his belly and laughed. "When I was young, I was also handsome in my prime!"

"..."

After he said that, the class was deathly silent.

Lao Gudong felt like crying but had no tears to shed. "...None of you agree?"

I'm so hurt!

...

Today after school, the three class representatives Guo Hao, Chen Chao and Sun Rong gathered together and seemed to be discussing something. Wang Ling glanced at them and noticed that Su Xiao was with them.

"Do you guys feel that Lao Gudong seemed a little strange today?" asked Chen Chao.

"That's right, that's right! He was acting very strangely!" Guo Hao crossed his arms as he gazed at the others. "Lao Gudong never really cared about his appearance before. But this time after class... can you guys guess what I saw when I passed by the toilet?"

"What did you see?" Sun Rong asked.

"I saw Lao Gudong looking at himself in the mirror."

"Damn! Really?" The rest of them were stunned.

It did sound a little weird; even Wang Ling sighed in his heart when he heard this. This was because given Lao Gudong's normal behavior, if he had the time to look at himself in the mirror, he would rather use it to eat a few bags of latiao .

"Everyone wants to be beautiful."

Sun Rong sighed before she said earnestly, "I also want to warn everyone about something else; you should be careful this month after school lets out at the end of the day."

"Why?"

"Recently, there's been an organization called Shuigou Sect creating havoc in the district. They're targeting students, forcing them to ingest some unlicensed two-bit product. I heard some students have already experienced mutations in their bodies from taking this product," said Sun Rong.





Chapter 318 Shuigou Sec


It was June 29th on the tenth Thursday of the semester.

At three o'clock this morning, there had been a major incident on Songhai city's Night Market Street. According to eyewitnesses, a student in uniform had been shuffling down the street like a zombie when his body had promptly started to burn with fire, and he started shooting flames around him like crazy.

The roaring blaze had engulfed the entire street and burned everything completely to ash; even the zebra crossing had been wiped off the ground. With billows of thick smoke over everything, it looked like a scene from a movie.

The cultivation fire department had immediately set up barriers to prevent the fire from spreading, but after everything had settled, it had already been too late.

The fire had truly been horrifying; Night Street Market could no longer be saved. Luckily, however, almost all the shops had already been closed at three o'clock in the wee hours of the morning, so there hadn't been any major casualties.

Only four people happened to suffer minor burns and smoke inhalation from the incident.

Reports said that these four had been pulled into it because they had gone out together to buy snacks in the middle of the night...

So the lesson was to go to bed before midnight; staying up late and eating midnight snacks weren't good for one's health.

Many people could guess the outcome of this incident: the district chief couldn't get away from being sacked, and the Songhai city government had to bear the costs of the four victims' medical fees as well as the damage to nearby shops.

In some sense, this incident was no less serious than a terrorist attack.

And as the instigator of this terrorist attack, that fire-breathing student in the end had disappeared. According to the accounts of those four witnesses who had gone out to buy midnight snacks, while that student had been spewing flames, he had been knocked out by a black figure which had then taken him away.

And so that morning, this incident was the new topic of discussion during the morning self-study period.

Chen Chao frowned and crossed his arms with a solemn expression on his face. "I heard that this incident was caused by that emerging dark force, Shuigou Sect. They've targeted many students on the way home after school, and after these students were forced to eat their product, they lost contact with their families and schools."

Suddenly, someone recalled Fang Xing. "Student Fang Xing in Class Two asked for a week's leave. Do you think it has something to do with Shuigou Sect?"

"Shuigou Sect only started acting up these two days. Fang Xing's parents called the school themselves to explain the situation, so this probably isn't the reason why he took leave."

Su Xiao also shook his head, very certain on this point. "When I handed in the homework in the morning two days ago, I heard the teacher-in-charge of Class Two Meng Kaiming and Teacher Pan talking about it; there's definitely no mistake."

Wang Ling couldn't help laughing in his heart. Given Fang Xing's abilities, if this bunch targeted him, they would be the ones to meet a bad end.

Fang Xing was still recovering on Immortal Toya's Chrysanthemum Island. Wang Ming had told Wang Ling that he didn't have to worry too much about that strange substance that could suppress his strength; it would break down of its own accord after a few days, and Fang Xing would regain consciousness in his own time.

Frankly speaking, Wang Ling had previously been on constant guard against Fang Xing. After all, he hadn't known anything about Fang Xing's origins, and hadn't bothered to know either.

For Wang Ling, the biggest gain from the matter with Immortal Mansion this time had been learning everything about Fang Xing's identity, which was a huge relief to him.

While Wang Ling was thinking about this, Guo Hao suddenly came back to the main topic. "Have you seen the video from this morning?"

"What? There's even a video?"

"Mm, a friend risked his life to film it: a student in school uniform turned into a living, burning man, then shot fire everywhere," Guo Hao told them honestly.

"What dark art was this student cultivating? Is it possible that it was some evildoer deliberately disguised as a student to create havoc?"

"Probably not." Guo Hao shook his head and said, "In the video I watched, this student was spouting fire and roaring at the same time; it looked like he'd gone crazy. Besides, my uncle told me that based on an investigation of the scene, the flames the student was shooting out were as hot as ten thousand degrees at one point."

Wang Ling frowned. An expert at the late Soul Formation stage could release a fireball as hot as ten thousand degrees. But if this person truly was a student, this temperature would be somewhat of an exaggeration.

This reminded Wang Ling of the Mo Immortal Water incident with Mo Immortal Castle. But he had stumbled upon it when it had still been in the trial stage, and he had directly stifled the entire plan in the cradle.

Shuigou Sect this time was employing a different method for the same sort of outcome as the mutation potion which Mo Immortal Castle had produced back then. The only difference was that most of Mo Immortal Castle's mutation potions had been failures, while Shuigou Sect this time was clearly well prepared.

It had developed an item that could boost a Foundation Establishment student's destructive power to the Soul Formation level. Whether it was a pill or a potion, this plan definitely had been in the works for a very long time.

This was a premeditated conspiracy.

Of course, there were some things that puzzled Wang Ling.

For example, of all the names to use, why did this new dark force decide to call itself Shuigou Sect 1 ? Each time he said this name in his heart, it felt like his lifespan was being shortened bit by bit.

1('shuigou' here literally translates to 'who's laying low?') ...

It was safe to say that as a newly established dark cultivation force, this Shuigou Sect wasn't an ordinary one. The Songhai city government had gone all out to mobilize all the police they could in order to shut down this dark force as soon as possible. Most unfortunately, however, Shuigou Sect hadn't left any sort of evidence behind to prove that it was responsible for the events that had happened.

Without any leads to investigate, things were very difficult for the police.

In the office of the General Administration of 100 Schools, Zhuo Yi was scratching his aching head, feeling like it was four times its size. The Immortal Mansion incident had yet to be completely sorted out and they hadn't finished interrogating the Master of Immortal Mansion Cheng Yu, but now this Shuigou Sect crisis had cropped up...

The worst thing about it was that it was targeting students in particular.

There were currently twelve students from seven different high schools in Songhai city that had gone missing. The fire that morning had been caused by a Grade One student from Shenye High School who was also missing.

If Zhuo Yi couldn't settle this matter properly, the higher-ups would definitely take it out on him, no matter how good his relationship with Secretary Dakang was.

He was frowning when the phone rang. Seeing that it was the deputy director, he instantly picked up. "What's the situation? Have you made any progress?"

"Reporting, Director. Based on all the information we gathered on the twelve missing students, they don't appear to have anything in common."

Zhuo Yi's eyebrows creased. "Were they randomly picked then?"

Deputy Director: "That might not be the case either... when it comes down to it, these students are all very good-looking."

Zhuo Yi: "..." So it was true — ugly looks could save your life!





Chapter 319 Kitchen Knife Sec


Before long, the deputy director arrived at Zhuo Yi's office with the report. He was a young and honest man called Zhong Lang, who had entered the General Administration of 100 Schools at the same time as Zhuo Yi.

Not long after that, Zhuo Yi had become the deputy director, and as Zhuo Yi's colleague, Zhong Lang had become the office head. Now that Zhuo Yi had been promoted, Zhong Lang had naturally became the deputy director.

"Boss, take a look..." After hanging up, Zhong Lang had hastily made his way to Zhuo Yi's office with the report, which was a detailed summary of the information on the twelve students, covering everything from their great-grandfathers to their hobbies.

As Zhong Lang had reported, these twelve missing students were a mix of guys and girls, and they had different hobbies and routines. They had absolutely nothing in common, except that they were all very attractive. Furthermore, it was all natural good looks; the information also contained photos of them as kids, and these students had all been very good-looking since young.

Zhuo Yi drew in a deep breath. "This should be it... I'm guessing that the head behind Shuigou Sect hates good-looking students, and hence is targeting them."

"Then what should we do now?"

"Secretary Dakang has requested that we solve this as soon as possible." Zhuo Yi drew out an individual report on one of the students. "Do you know this Xiao Yuncheng? He's the most distinguished disciple in the Xiao clan's outer sect." Zhuo Yi remembered this person well, because Wang Ling had knocked him out of the survival contest right at the beginning during the combined military training for the six schools.

Zhuo Yi let out a sigh. "This bunch of people dared lay their hands on someone from the Xiao clan... they must be insane. If we can't solve this case quickly, I'm worried that the Xiao clan patriarch might blow up our office."

Zhong Lang: "..."

"Draft up a quick document in the name of the General Administration of 100 Schools and request that every school in Songhai city explain the specifics of the situation to the students' parents. Until this issue is resolved, parents are responsible for taking their kids to and from school from now on."

Zhong Lang: "What if some parents object?"

Zhuo Yi: "Then have them take a paternity test."

Zhong Lang: "Why?"

Zhuo Yi: "Because then they definitely wouldn't be the student's real parents."

Zhong Lang: "..."

...

Zhuo Yi released this announcement at eleven in the morning across Songhai city. After that, teachers started making phone calls like crazy to ensure that they had contacted every single parent. Because the missing group was made up of students from Grade One to Grade Three, almost all the teachers were roped into participating in this call operation once the schools received the notification.

The schools even offered security or for teachers to take home students whose parents really couldn't come to the school.

In short, the schools had to provide comprehensive security.

This was a clumsy method, but it was also a relatively safer one. Shuigou Sect wasn't giving anything away, so it would also be helpful if parents could find some clues while taking their children to and from school.

By releasing this notification, it could be said that Zhuo Yi, more awesome than any army commander, had mobilized all the parents in the city.

This issue thus became the new topic of discussion among the students that afternoon.

One by one, the heads of large sects in the cultivation world announced that they would be personally taking children to and from school... normally, these big shots might not even show up at parent-teacher conferences.

Many students saw this incident as a rare opportunity; while most of them typically made good friends with some of their classmates, they might not know much about their family situations. This incident would reveal more about a lot of people.

The whole school seemed to be bursting with excitement because of this issue.

Sun Rong's background naturally went without saying; this young miss had been the center of attention since the start of school. Outside school, it fell to the security teams arranged by Huaguo Water Curtain Group to protect her safety.

After the first afternoon class, Wang Ling heard a lot of gossip from Guo Hao.

"Have you heard? Several big shots have shown up in the normal classes," Guo Hao said in a low, enigmatic voice.

"These people hid themselves very well. If it wasn't for how big this incident is, no one would have known about their backgrounds." Someone laughed.

"We can't say that." Chen Chao shook his head. "It's because their family backgrounds aren't so simple that they kept quiet about it. With that type of background, for them to get into a normal class at an average school would be a pretty embarrassing matter to bring up. If it was me, I would also be ashamed to admit it."

"That's true..."

"In Normal Classes One to Three, there are quite a number of people who are the children of sect leaders. In particular, there's one called Jiang Bai, whose dad is the head of Kitchen Knife Sect."

"Kitchen Knife Sect... what's that?"

"This is a sect famous for making gourmet food. In the cultivation world, it's also known as New East Cuisine Academy," Guo Hao explained. "I just gave one of my uncles who works there a call to confirm Jiang Bai's background; there's no mistake."

"You actually have a uncle who works at Kitchen Knife Sect..."

"Don't underestimate it, their welfare benefits are great. Apart from receiving a fifth-grade black iron kitchen knife as a gift, sect newcomers can also learn their secret "Ox-Dismembering Knife Technique" for free. They have twenty days of annual leave and even double pay at the end of the year. Newcomers who pass their special cooking exam can be directly promoted to become an elder of the inner sect," Guo Hao said. "Also, sects are all divided into different levels: Sky, Earth, Black, and Yellow 1 . Kitchen Knife Sect as led by Jiang Bai's dad is one of the top five Black-level sects, and they have branches in several different cities."

1(This is the first line in the Chinese poem "Thousand Character Classic," a text that has been used to teach children Chinese characters since ancient times.) Many of the students in Grade One, Class Three were startled by Guo Hao's words. There were hundreds of thousands of sects among the light forces in Huaxiu nation, and tens of thousands of Black-level sects. To be able to make the top five out of these tens of thousands of Black-level sects... it already went without saying how incredible Jiang Bai's dad's Kitchen Knife Sect was.

So a lot of people were taken aback when they heard this. "If Jiang Bai's family background is so amazing, why are his grades so bad?"

Guo Hao spread his hands. "That's why this shows that your grades have nothing to do with your family background. Father Jiang is so busy managing his sect that he naturally doesn't have time to care about Jiang Bai's studies. If it wasn't for this aggressive new Shuigou Sect, this head of Kitchen Knife Sect might not have taken action."

Guo Hao sighed. "So every time Jiang Bai gets a bad grade, the teacher in charge of their class always tells him that if he doesn't study hard, he can only take over the sect 2 ."

2(This is poking fun at cases of individuals who wanted to become entertainment celebrities, but when they didn't succeed, they could only fall back on the family business ..) Everyone: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 320 Running for the Parents Committee


As reality showed, people had a deeply-rooted fear of the unknown.

From Wang Ling's point of view, the reason why the Shuigou Sect incident had drawn so much public attention was completely because based on the clues which the cultivation police across Songhai city had gathered, the people knew almost next to nothing about this dark force which had suddenly appeared in their midst.

The most significant reason was that until now, there had been no news on those twelve missing students.

Thus, in light of this Shuigou Sect causing chaos and how grim the current situation was, many parents had even set up an interim parents committee to protect the flowers of the motherland, and spontaneously formed protection groups that were responsible for taking students to and from school during this time.

It should have been a good idea.

But then, students started circulating a set of screenshots in WeChat Moments in the afternoon...

...

"Have you guys seen the screenshots in WeChat Moments?" Guo Hao suddenly said after class.

"What screenshots? Let me take a look!"

A few people sneaked their phones out from their desks; in the end, when they saw what was inside Guo Hao's WeChat Moments, their expressions twitched violently.

Lazy to use his watch, Wang Ling focused his gaze, and from a distance, looked directly across to where Chen Chao was flipping through the screenshots.

They were screenshots from the parents chat group of several parents running for the position of president of the parents committee this time.

The first screenshot:

Number 7 Tang Zhiqun's mother: "Hello everyone, I am Number 7 Tang Zhiqun's mother! Currently, I am in charge of HRD at the internationally renowned cultivation restaurant, Kikkaro Restaurant. I am actually also the restaurant manager. Before that, I was in charge of a top-rated restaurant kitchen for over thirty years. I'm good at making shredded seaweed stew with tomb grass as well as braised spirit pork shoulder! This is the specialty of our restaurant, and I gave it a nice-sounding name: talking pork leg 1 ! Parents in the group, if you have the time, come and try us out for free! Cough cough ... I've said a lot, but I just want to prove that I'm good at interpersonal communication. Furthermore, I have outstanding management skills. I am honored to represent our Little Tangtang to run for president of the committee, and I hope that you will vote for me!"

1(This is the pseudonym of a Chinese web novelist..) Everyone: "..."

Wang Ling stared blankly at this screenshot. "..."

The second screenshot:

Number 26 Shen Husheng's father: "I am Number 26 Shen Husheng's father. I am also here to run for president of the parents committee. My wife and I are PhD graduates of Black Ox University in Black Ox Treasure Town. This university was Old Demon Han's former residence which was built by his inheriting disciple, Han Meimei. I believe that I don't have to say too much about its background. At present, my wife and I run an education franchise in Songhai city, Jinrui Education. Earning two billion a month is more than we can take! I especially want to do all that I can for the children. If you vote for me, you can use my name at our education institute, and your kids will be attend to our remedial classes at a ninety percent discount!"

Everybody: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

And then, the third screenshot:

Number 17 Liang Huihuan's mother: "Teachers and parents, I am Number 17 Liang Huihuan's mother. I graduated from Mi nation's Mashen Cultivation Academy of Science and Engineering, and I'm currently serving at Songhai city's Baida Cultivation Pictures Fund Management Company. His father is the CEO of the company. The reasons why I am volunteering to run for the parents committee are as follow: 1. I served as president of the parents committee when my child was in kindergarten, primary school and middle school; 2. I can be on call at all times due to my flexible work schedule; 3. I sincerely wish to offer my humble assistance and do something for the children; 4. Although I am only at the late Golden Core stage, I am prepared to destroy my golden core at any time in order to protect our children! Please vote for me, thank you!"

Everyone: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

The fourth and last screenshot was also the most exaggerated one:

Number 13 Lin Zihua's mother: "Hello everyone, I am Number 13 Lin Zihua's mother. I graduated from Hafu Cultivation University with a master's degree and I'm now working for Songhai city's Qianduo Antiques Company. I research large amounts of data in the cultivation circle, and every day I handle transactions of cultivation magic treasures and antiques worth hundreds of millions. Zihua's father is the CEO of a shares company. I'm not running for any position in the parents committee. I just want to warn the parents here that if your kids dare bully our Zihua, I'll get his father to make sure your shares crash! That includes Huaguo Water Curtain Group!"

Sun Rong: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

Mostly, it was the parents themselves who decided to set up the parents committee, and who volunteered to run it. While most parents had good intentions, these afternoon screenshots were direct examples of the reverse case. These images which had gone viral in the students' WeChat Moments and QQ zones drew astonished exclamations: Only truly shameless people could say this sort of thing.

In comparison, the parents of Number 60 High School were a lot more harmonious, and the mood wasn't as frantic when they established the parents committee... that was because Huaguo Water Curtain Group had sent out a security notification in the afternoon to every single parent's cell phone to announce that the group would do everything in their power to safeguard all the students of Number 60 High School.

For parents who didn't have the time to take their kids to and from school, they only needed to sign an agreement, and the group would dispatch two cultivators at the Golden Core stage to escort the students to and from school during this time.

For many of the parents, this notification was far more helpful than the screenshots that had gone viral in the afternoon on WeChat Moments.

Wang Ling had always felt that this was the reflection of true strength: the more powerful a person was, the more low-key they were.

...

And so, after school was over that afternoon, Wang Ling couldn't leave straightaway.

At noon, Teacher Pan had already called up each student's parents to personally come and pick up their kids.

Teacher Pan had distributed temporary numbers to everyone during class, and they all had to wait in the school gym.

There were teachers standing guard outside the gym at the school gate; until the last student left with a parent, none of the teachers would be able to get off work.

In school, the students' safety was always the top priority, so in extenuating circumstances, the teachers of Number 60 High School wouldn't complain.

Each parent also had a number which the teachers of Number 60 High School had texted to them so that they could collect their kids. There was also another important use for this number, and that was to verify the parent's identity in case there were criminals who disguised themselves as parents.

After the teachers verified the information at the school gate, they would communicate telepathically with the broadcast room, which in turn would broadcast an announcement to the gym.

"Student number 18 in Normal Class One, your father has arrived! There is a large group at the front gate to escort you home!" The broadcast sounded in the gym.

There was instantly a lot of booing and hissing in the gym.

The student whose number had been called stood up with a red face and headed for the exit with his head lowered, feeling ashamed for some reason.

Sitting next to Wang Ling, Guo Hao couldn't help laughing when he saw the student that had stood up. "That's Fan Su; his father owns Longman Escort Agency. He has always kept a low profile in class, but after this incident, everyone will now know that he's the young master of Longman Escort Agency."

Wang Ling: "..."

"Student number 7 in Normal Class Two, your father and his fellows are already standing at the school gate with their kitchen knives waiting for you!"

Quickly after that, there was another broadcast. "Student number 8, please follow student number 7 out."

A thin youngster with a buzz cut walked out of the crowd; he was the Jiang Bai whom Guo Hao had been talking about, and his father was the head of Kitchen Knife Sect. After he stood up, the girl who had been sitting next to him heard the second broadcast and followed him out.

Wang Ling was puzzled when he saw this, and Guo Hao laughed again. "This girl is Jiang Yan; she's in the same class as Jiang Bai."

Hearing this, Chen Chao couldn't help asking, "Is she Jiang Bai's sister?"

"They're not biological siblings."

Guo Hao shook his head and explained, "Jiang Yan's father is the head of Kitchen Knife Sect's second brother."

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 321 Brother, Give Me a Light


When Father Wang arrived at the gate of Number 60 High School, it was the first time that he was alarmed by such a scene. To be honest, it gave him a sense of deja vu. Back when Wang Ling had just entered kindergarten, there had also been a large crowd of parents standing at the kindergarten's front gate when school was over.

But since then, Father Wang had no longer dropped Wang Ling off at kindergarten. During that time, Wang Ling had been targeted by quite a number of child traffickers because of his cute looks; in the end, the day he had been kidnapped was the day that the entire human trafficking ring had been exterminated. In the time since Wang Ling started kindergarten to when he graduated primary school, he set a record for exterminating thousands of human trafficking rings.

And with regard to this matter, both the Wang family's father and son kept their lips sealed and told no one about it — hiding the accomplishments and fame.

Thus, personally coming to pick Wang Ling up this time gave Father Wang a faint sense of nostalgia. He hadn't planned to come, but on one hand, Teacher Pan had personally called him this time, and on the other hand, this marvelous scene was indeed happening at Number 60 High School's front gate, with a lot of parents even dragging the rest of the family with them to come and pick up their kids. Other parents had all come; if he was the only one who didn't show up, it would definitely look a little strange.

Pushing his black-rimmed glasses up, Father Wang walked into the crowd with his hands in his pockets, then realized that while the scene looked chaotic, the parents were actually in a queue.

The reason why it looked chaotic was that there were some parents who had also brought their sect followers or disciples for the sake of keeping up appearances. While the parents queued up, the disciples surrounded the perimeter, so everything looked disorderly.

Looking at the long line that snaked out in front of him, Father Wang sighed deeply. He had never been subjected to a grievance like this except for when he calmly waited in the long lines at the annual comic convention.

The process was obviously rather slow since the teachers at the school gate had to check the parents' identities one by one before calling out the numbers. Some of the parents waited impatiently with deep frowns on their faces.

Many of the parents in line were distinguished figures who definitely had their own personal affairs to see to, but no one cursed irritably or urged the teachers to be quicker.

It was moments like this that often reflected a person's nature.

For the sake of making sure that the students returned home safely, the school teachers themselves had delayed getting off work on time, and instead remained at school to do overtime... they had done this much, what could anyone say? Who could complain?

Father Wang stood quietly at the very end of the line, but he didn't feel bored. Writing came from life, and sometimes it was good to come out and collect source material for characters; this could probably be considered an occupational disease.

He didn't have a high realm and was only at the early Qi Condensation stage. But even if his level wasn't high, he could still differentiate between strong and weak auras based on careful observation. For example, he thought that the middle-aged man standing in front of him at the moment wasn't simple.

The man looked very rough; he had a beautiful beard and was dressed in traditional attire. He walked with his head high and his back straight, and there were several kitchen knives tucked around his waist. A person could tell with one look that he was a sect leader.

Father Wang took the initiative to come forward and pat the man on the shoulder. "Brother, are you here to pick up your kid, too?"

As he spoke, Father Wang noticed many of the young men around them, who were attired in a similar way to the man in front of him, shift their gazes one by one to look at him. In his heart, he confirmed the man's identity once again.

Father Wang knew very well that they were probably this person's disciples.

"Ah?"

The middle-aged man hadn't expected anyone to speak to him of their own accord. He was taken aback at first, then turned his head to look at Father Wang before he replied offhandedly, "Mm..."

Father Wang wasn't tall, and didn't even reach the man's shoulder. He even had to tilt his head up a little to speak to him. The contrast in their physiques was striking.

Father Wang: "Is your son in the regular class or the elite class?"

The middle-aged man's face darkened instantly. "..." This was just rubbing it in!

His greatest fear was that someone would ask this question.

He was Head of Kitchen Knife Sect, but his son had only been able to enter a regular class. This really wasn't funny.

Hence, this head of Kitchen Knife Sect chose to keep quiet in that moment. He thought that as long as he didn't reply, this person should probably stop asking more questions.

Unfortunately, the person he was facing was Father Wang.

It could only be said that Father Wang was in the end Father Wang. As a veteran web novelist, whenever he encountered a problem while he was collecting material for inspiration, he would fully display his indomitable spirit.

Father Wang: "Brother? Why aren't you speaking?"

Head of Kitchen Knife Sect: "..."

Father Wang patted the man on the shoulder. "It's okay, we're all parents. We're in line right now, why don't we talk about our how kids are doing in their studies? My kid just entered school this year and his performance in the entrance exam was an aberration."

An aberration?

The head of Kitchen Knife Sect was instantly delighted. "Did your son also enter the regular class because of an aberration?"

Father Wang shook his head. "No... he's in the elite class."

The head of Kitchen Knife Sect just wanted to roar. "..." Then why are you complaining?!

Father Wang: "My son is quite introverted. I thought that if he was in the elite class, he might eventually develop a sense of inferiority from being around a group of remarkable children. Hence, I initially wanted him to enter a regular class or a remedial class."

When he said this, Father Wang sighed. "Who knew, this guy ended up performing out of the ordinary! I just wanted him to be a bad student!"

Head of Kitchen Knife Sect: ???

How was this just a fucking aberration? This was already an abnormality by far! What parent nowadays longed for their children to be bad students rather than dragons and phoenixes? At that moment, the head of Kitchen Knife Sect deeply felt that he had encountered a very strange parent, and he instantly didn't want to talk any longer.

Continuing to talk with this person would just make him unhappy.

But when the middle-aged man was turning his head away, he saw out of the corner of his eye that Father Wang had taken out a small notebook and a pen, and seemed to recording something down...

It was impossible that this grand head of Kitchen Knife Sect wouldn't have sharp eyes. Narrowing them, he could clearly see the words Father Wang had written in his notebook. It said — Source Material One: Head of Kitchen Knife Sect, a burly man with a tough and stocky build; wears several kitchen knives around his waist; frequently distressed about the fact that his son is in a regular class. From a preliminary personality assessment, this person is probably a true tsundere...

Seeing this, the corners of the middle-aged man's mouth twitched violently and he got a little angry. "You... who are you..."

Father Wang pushed up his black-rimmed glasses with poise. "My apologies, brother, I'm collecting material for inspiration; this is my job as a web novelist."

Head of Kitchen Knife Sect: "..."

Just then, Father Wang took out a black cigar from his pocket and stuck it in his mouth.

Then, he looked at the middle-aged man with a calm expression and said, "Brother, do you have a light? Lend me a light!"

The middle-aged man had been trembling with anger, but the moment he saw the cigar, he calmed down immediately... This cigar was at the level of a national treasure! Only people at that level would have it! He looked at Father Wang in shock, his face pale. Who the hell was this man?





Chapter 322 Do You See That Pretty Boy Up Ahead with the Dead Fish Eyes?


Father Wang's black cigar had a unique origin, and people with little life experience wouldn't recognize it. But the head of Kitchen Knife Sect was different. Jiang Haifu might only be at the late Golden Core stage and hadn't graduated from any renowned university due to how poor his family had been when he was a kid, but he was the founder of a sect, after all. All these years, he had traveled all over the world to collect all kinds of food ingredients — he could sniff out the celestial treasures which had been added to this cigar.

When Father Wang had been exercising his poisonous tongue to its fullest, Jiang Haifu's subordinates around them had already been unable to take it. If it wasn't because there were other parents and teachers here as well as for the sake of Kitchen Knife Sect's face, they would already have long rushed Father Wang and bore him away.

But when these people saw Jiang Haifu's face suddenly turn pale, they were stunned; they had rarely seen such an expression on the sect leader's face.

Just a moment ago, he had still looked like he was choking down his anger. But when he saw that black cigar, he had instantly turned to stone.

After being lost in thought for a full minute, Jiang Haifu came back to his senses and took out a lighter to give Father Wang a light. He said a little faintly, "Brother, your cigar... it's not bad! Where did you buy it?"

He didn't use the same impatient tone as earlier; after seeing the black cigar which Father Wang had pulled out, Jiang Haifu felt like he had been cut down to size in front of the other man.

"Oh, a fan gave this to me." Father Wang took one puff on the cigar and blew out a light smoke ring, downplaying his words.

The corners of Jiang Haifu's mouth twitched violently. "..."

A... fan gave it to him?

What kind of fan could gift this kind of national treasure level cigar?!

His eyes were glued to the cigar in Father Wang's hand, a look of envy on his face. It was difficult to experience the effects of this cigar unless you were above the Golden Core stage. The cigar smoke wouldn't make people choke at all, and instead had a delicate and undefinable fragrance of fine perfume.

If you were in the middle of seclusion in particular, and could smoke this type of cigar every day, you would simply gain twice as much in your cultivation for half the effort. Furthermore, it also had the effect of preventing inner deviation... There was a good saying: A smoke after, and you will surpass the immortals 1 .

1(Basically, smoking is a comfort..) This kind of national treasure level cigar was something you could only obtain fortuitously.

Father Wang gazed at Jiang Haifu with a knowing expression. Then he smiled. "I only brought one out with me today. If you want, I'll send some to you later on. That fan of mine sends me some every six months."

Jiang Haifu was stunned for a moment, and then laughed like a peach blossom flowering. "How can I accept that..."

"We're both parents, don't be so polite! Our sons are in the same grade; from now on, they can look after each other at school." Father Wang smiled, squinting. "My son's name is Wang Ling, Ling in 'command' 2 . He's very introverted and probably doesn't have any friends in the other classes."

2('Command' in Chinese is 'ming ling..') Jiang Haifu nodded. "That'll be good! We actually run a restaurant. Brother Wang should come by whenever you're free..."

On the side, several Kitchen Knife Sect disciples were already dumbstruck at this scene. It hadn't been long, but they were already calling each other brother.

If ladies could build a friendship over a handbag, then there were times when men could build a friendship over a cigar or a glass of wine.

By then it was already their turn, and the teacher at the school gate very seriously verified their identities. Father Wang stood by the gate and waited for Wang Ling to come out of the gym.

He stood next to Jiang Haifu and pointed at Wang Ling from a distance. "Do you see that pretty boy up ahead with the dead fish eyes? That's our Wang Ling."

The corners of Jiang Haifu's mouth twitched again. "..."

He finally understood that Father Wang's poisonous tongue was a natural and genuine part of him; even his own son wasn't spared. Pretty boy with dead fish eyes? Who would slander their own son like that?

Jiang Bai and Jiang Yan came out first, just in front of Wang Ling.

Seeing that Father Wang had introduced Wang Ling, Jiang Haifu began to introduce his own son. "The one wearing a white shirt inside the school uniform is my son, Jiang Bai. The girl next to him is my second brother's daughter, Jiang Yan."

Father Wang tsked. "So thin?"

Jiang Haifu sighed. "Mm... my son is a bit more of a homebody and usually doesn't eat much. Look at how big I am, Brother Wang, yet he's so thin and completely unlike me that I can't believe he's my son. He doesn't have even the smallest bit of my majestic genes..."

Father Wang couldn't help laughing. "There are times when genes really can't be explained scientifically."

Father Wang felt he had the most say in this matter.

Both he and Mother Wang weren't very gifted, but they had given birth to Wang Ling...

After collecting Jiang Bai, Jiang Haifu handed a name card to Father Wang before he left. Looking at it carefully, Father Wang was surprised to find that Kikkaro Restaurant was also one of Kitchen Knife Sect's businesses. Grandfather Wang had worked there for a period of time when he had been younger. He had started out as a cook, then later rose to head chef and became a food consultant for some time.

"So this Kikkaro Restaurant is your business?" Father Wang raised his eyebrows.

"Mm, this can be considered our Kitchen Knife Sect's brand, and is the foundation of my Kitchen Knife Sect. All our supply chains revolve around the profits of Kikkaro Restaurant." Jiang Haifu couldn't help laughing. "In fact, I was lucky. When I was young, I was once instructed by an expert who gave me a recipe. Otherwise, this Kikkaro Restaurant business wouldn't have been able to get off the ground."

And so, Father Wang and Jiang Haifu, Head of Kitchen Knife Sect, got to know each other just like that.

When Wang Ling and Jiang Bai came out of the gym, both of them were bewildered.

As reality showed, sometimes men's friendships weren't that complicated. Put simply, it was just a matter of finding common ground.

...

After saying goodbye to Jiang Haifu and the others, Father Wang led Wang Ling toward a park. There were a lot of people on the streets now, so brazenly teleporting home would be too eye-catching.

Besides, given the thing with Shuigou Sect now, security had been significantly increased in in every area, and there was a police car parked on almost every street.

Father Wang sighed deeply at the sight.

"Ling, don't you think this is a little peculiar? The police are out in force, but even in this tight net, there hasn't been the slightest trace of this Shuigou Sect... it's too strange!" Father Wang frowned and looked at Wang Ling as he spoke.

In that moment, Wang Ling also felt deeply helpless.

To be honest, Shuigou Sect's appearance had actually surprised him. After all, the furor over the Immortal Mansion incident had yet to completely die down, and just when the government was using Immortal Mansion as a launching pad in a bid to crack down on the dark forces, this type of sect which revelled in crime had popped up.

Father Wang had been about to continue analyzing the situation, but in the end, when the both of them approached the park, they could hear the faint sounds of a girl shouting up ahead: "You're not my dad! I'm not going with you! You... who are you?! Let me go!"

Wang Ling's gaze narrowed to a point in the distance.

He saw a man in a woollen hat gripping a girl's wrist and dragging her along as he cursed non-stop. "You damn kid! Hurry up and come home!"





Chapter 323 The Most Important Thing for a Family Is to Be Neat and Tidy


What was he trying to do?

Kidnapping a girl and forcing her to say he was her father in broad daylight?

Since it was a little past four o'clock after school, there were basically very few people around. Although a few passersby saw this scene, no one dared to step in.

To many people, this just looked like a helpless father dragging a disobedient daughter off. Furthermore, the man was scolding the girl loudly for being unreasonable and wanting to run away from home, making him so worried... hearing this, many people didn't want to get involved.

After all, it was someone else's business; why be a busybody?

At one glance, however, Father Wang felt that there was something fishy about the identity of the man in the woollen hat.

Father Wang couldn't quite describe this feeling; perhaps it was a sixth sense. He didn't have Wang Ling's Great Blood Origin Spell which could directly analyze and compare the blood connection between two people, but Father Wang thought that his sixth sense was spot on... and what he was feeling was that this man in the woollen hat wasn't the girl's father.

There was a good saying: The most important thing for a family was to be neat and tidy 1 !

1(This is sort of a classic line used in many Chinese dramas produced by TVB ..) The girl was wearing brand labels from head to toe; how could her father be an uncouth man in a dusty gray woollen hat?

When a person was doing something suspicious, they would definitely feel guilty when they were stared at.

Under the Wang family's two hereditary dead fish eye stares, this man in the gray woollen hat almost immediately felt like his head was going to explode.

Before Father Wang had stepped forward to say something, the man already couldn't help roaring, "What are you looking at?! Never seen a man disciplining his own daughter?!"

The girl was frightened by the man's roar. Her eyes were already wet and she had a terrified expression on her face. She shook her head as hard as she could, and found that she couldn't speak!

This was the man's doing — when he had been pulling her earlier, Wang Ling had clearly seen him release his aura to seal the girl's tongue acupuncture point.

The girl could only desperately shake her head in Father Wang's direction in a plea for rescue. None of the people passing by had dared to step in, and she was clutching onto her latest and last straw for help.

Thus, in the next moment, Father Wang stepped forward decisively and said a classic movie line: "Let go of that girl!"

The face of the man in the woollen hat darkened. "Mind your own business, or you'll regret it!"

The man's expression and tone were fierce; it was clear that Father Wang's boldness didn't scare him. Father Wang was just at the Qi Condensation level, so the man didn't take him seriously at all. He thought he had their precise measure as he sized Father Wang and Wang Ling up and down: a Qi Condensation father with his Foundation Establishment son from a nearby high school; they completely weren't any threat to him.

And most importantly, he was surprised to realize that the boy with dead fish eyes was actually pretty good-looking. He had been told especially to bring back some good-looking students. The girl he had was one, and this boy was another. If he could bring the both of them back, he would definitely score a lot of points with the organization!

With a sly look on his face, he stared at Father Wang and laughed. "Is this your son?"

Father Wang: "That's right."

The man: "Great! But from now on, he's my son!"

Father Wang: "???"

Saying that, the man quickly sealed the girl's acupuncture points so that she couldn't move. Then he pointed directly at Wang Ling, and a burst of strong qi shot out from his finger.

This was strong qi for sealing acupuncture points, and the man had taken a very long time to refine this skill. Everyone in the organization had been specially trained in this skill until they made next to no mistakes when using it. Once someone was hit by it, their eight extraordinary meridians would be instantly sealed. This trick was particularly effective on cultivators below the Golden Core stage.

However, the situation was somewhat out of the man's expectations.

When this strong qi hit that youngster, it unexpectedly turned around, bouncing back with twice the force! It was clearly just strong qi for sealing the acupuncture points, but in that moment, it was like a spirit bomb hurtling rapidly at him!

Before he could let out a curse, the backlash of the aura had pierced him through his shoulder.

His face instantly twisted with pain, and the man stared stupefied at Wang Ling. "You..."

The backlash had caught him off guard; he couldn't figure out at all how a Foundation Establishment high school student had managed to strike back.

He was well aware that he had already failed in his mission this time. He could only give up on both the girl and the boy in front of him; right now, escape was his top priority.

But very quickly, he realized that once again, he had been thinking too much.

Strong spiritual pressure froze him in place, and all his muscles instantly locked up!

It was impossible for a high school student at the Foundation Establishment stage to have such spiritual pressure!

The man's eyes were bloodshot and his face was full of resentment. The organization had sent out so many people, and he had never thought that he would actually be the first one to get caught.

"Surprised?"

Father Wang stared at him and smiled. "Just get used to it."

The man: "..."

Wang Ling had never thought that he would stumble so quickly upon the breakthrough which the police had been working so hard for. Whether the man knew anything or not, from his current behavior, he definitely had something to do with Shuigou Sect.

After that, Wang Ling manipulated his spiritual pressure to directly unseal the girl's acupuncture points from afar, before deliberately hiding behind Father Wang so that she wouldn't be able to see his face from this angle.

"Thank you... Really, thank you so much!"

The girl's voice was still a little shaky once she could move again, but it was clear from her tone that she had already calmed down a fair bit. She tried to sneak a look at Wang Ling, but was blocked by Father Wang. "Which high school are you from? Why aren't you wearing your school uniform? Where're your parents? Why didn't they come to pick you up?"

The girl lowered her head. "I'm from Jinyuan High School... My father actually wanted to come get me, but I didn't think it was a big deal, so I told him not to come and that I could go home by myself."

"These two days are different; don't you know how many students have been taken? Young people... even if you're being rebellious, there has to be a limit to your willfulness." Father Wang sighed and said nothing more beyond this casual admonishment since it wasn't worth it. After all, she wasn't his daughter; it was still better for her own parents to discipline her.

"Uncle is right. I won't do it again..." It was obvious that this rebellious girl had been truly frightened by what had just happened, and she lowered her head in front of Father Wang, not even daring to breathe loudly.

The feeling of being grabbed by a stranger and forced to admit that she was his daughter, helpless and unable to defend herself... it had been too unbearable.

"Wait for a minute, I'll have my son call his friend to come by. That person is from the General Administration of 100 Schools. It'll put my mind at ease if he can send you home." Father Wang stared at the girl and sighed. Now that he had lent a hand, of course he was going to do his best.

The girl clutched the hem of her shirt with both hands. "Thank you, uncle..."

While they were talking, Father Wang suddenly noticed that although the girl's head was lowered, she kept glancing at Wang Ling, intentionally or otherwise. But her line of sight was mostly blocked by Father Wang, and she was too shy to look at Wang Ling head-on... At last, she couldn't help frowning.

Seeing this, Father Wang couldn't help laughing. "What are you looking at?"

The girl lowered her head shyly. "..."

Father Wang: "Stop looking... it's impossible for the two of you!"

The girl: "..."





Chapter 324 My Cellmates and Me...


It was June 30th on Friday in the tenth week of the semester.

During the morning self-study period, Guo Hao said suddenly, "Did you hear? Yesterday, a girl from Jinyuan High School had been dragged off by someone suspected of being a member of Shuigou Sect."

"Mm, of course. It went viral on WeChat Moments." Su Xiao nodded. "The girl said that she had been on her way home from school when a man had tried to take her away. That person lied that he was her father. The scariest thing was that no one passing by had stopped him..."

"Even upright officials can't resolve family disputes! To a lot of people, it looked like a family matter, so naturally they didn't want to get involved. That girl would have been in danger if Zhuo Yi hadn't come in time," Guo Hao said. "The man they caught is now the biggest breakthrough they've had in the whole Shuigou Sect affair!"

"Senior Zhuo is really awesome!"

A lot of people couldn't help exclaiming in admiration. There was a saying among high school students now: When Zhuo Yi makes a move, you'll know if something's up! After a series of major incidents, more and more people were becoming very familiar with this name.

After listening to the discussion, Wang Ling lowered his head silently.

He had specifically requested that Zhuo Yi take credit for the incident yesterday. However, the girl wouldn't forget that Wang Ling had saved her, and in the beginning had refused to accept this arrangement. It had taken a very long time for Zhuo Yi to persuade her and convince her that this was for the sake of protecting Wang Ling's privacy.

Wang Ling guessed that at this time, the girl was probably still cooperating with Zhuo Yi's investigation.

A lead on Shuigou Sect had been discovered at long last; no one wanted to waste it.

...

Meanwhile, elsewhere in Songhai First Prison.

The interrogation of the man in the woollen hat who had been caught yesterday and who was suspected of being a member of Shuigou Sect had begun.

But Zhuo Yi and the prison's Warden Liang had now run into a rather tricky problem — the suspect was refusing to confess to his crimes.

The man sat shackled in the middle of the interrogation room, his spirit energy completely sealed away. He shook his leg out of boredom and his speech was filthy as he jeered non-stop.

"Even if you beat me to death, I won't tell you anything!

"Lock me away forever, see if you dare!

"Aren't you quite capable? Come on, torture me! Fry me! Remember to turn me over! Otherwise, I this old father will become a potsticker!"

"..."

Outside the interrogation room, Warden Liang sighed deeply and felt very helpless.

At the moment, the man completely refused to admit to having any direct connection to Shuigou Sect; at the most, he could only be charged with attempted kidnapping. But then they would have caught him for nothing. An organization like Shuigou Sect, which had brazenly captured a dozen students without leaving any clues behind, definitely had to have quite the solid plan behind it.

It could be said that Warden Liang had completely expected this man to be tight-lipped.

But what the man said had hit Warden Liang's sore spot. With the onset of the Spirit Energy Information era and continual advancements in the legal system, the ancient cultivation prison's punishment model had already long been abolished. Who would have cared a thousand or two thousand years ago? The jailer could have directly used a set of "up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, B A B A 1 ," and even the most stubborn mouth would have been forced to open.

1(Pressing this sequence on the controller in the video game "Contra" gives players more lives ..) "What should we do? What's your opinion, Director Zhuo?" Warden Liang held his head and felt his trigeminal nerve throb faintly with pain.

After nearly two hours of interrogation, the man had refused to give so much as his name, and the ID he had been carrying was fake. The most disturbing thing was that when the DNA sample they had collected from him had been run through the cultivation police's system, they actually couldn't find a match — this guy was a true unregistered citizen!

And to put it bluntly, that was the reason why the man wasn't fearful at all; he was aware that as long as he didn't say anything, they wouldn't be able to find any information on him at all.

"I remember that there's a spell for forcibly extracting memories from the brain..." said Zhuo Yi.

"Absolutely not!" Warden Liang shook his head. "We only use this tactic on prisoners who are on death row. While this type of forceful intrusion can directly extract evidence from a suspect's memories, if the suspect resists and refuses to cooperate, the memories will become jumbled during the extraction process, so the spell carries a very large risk."

Speaking up to this point, Warden Liang pursed his lips. "Besides, if we want to employ this forceful intrusion, according to standard protocol, we'll have to first wait on instructions from the higher-ups... It wasn't easy to obtain this lead on Shuigou Sect. If something happens to the suspect, neither I nor Director Zhuo will be able to bear the responsibility."

"I see."

Zhuo Yi nodded, and then frowned. "Then we only have one last resort..."

Warden Liang: "What's that?"

Zhuo Yi moved closer and whispered in Warden Liang's ear. The latter's eyes suddenly lit up as he slapped the table. "Wonderful! Let's do it!"

...

Songhai First Prison's special holding cell.

The man in the woollen hat was sent to the cell in the custody of two prison officers.

"Don't fucking push me! I can walk myself!" His words were still stubborn, and he didn't show any fear in front of the two prison officers, displaying instead a resistant character.

The two prison officers looked at each other and smiled. Hehe! Go on and laugh! You'll be crying later!

Then, without saying anything, they simply lifted one foot each to kick the man's butt into the cell. It was obvious that they had had it with his behavior! This kick felt very satisfying!

One of the prison officers stared at him. "You'll be staying here until the second interrogation."

"Where am I? It seems quite spacious!" The man didn't care as he got up and looked at the prison officers. After looking around, he laughed shamelessly. "Tch! There's even an exclusive guard here? Aren't you treating me a little too well?"

The two prison officers sneered and closed the cell door with a bang .

The man laughed coldly as the two prison officers turned around and left. "What a shitty prison! Songhai First Prison? Its prison officers are nothing!"

However, just after he was done taunting, there was suddenly a hair-raising sensation behind him.

He turned his head to take a look, and just so happened to see his two cellmates in this special cell looking askance at him.

Instantly, the man broke out in a cold sweat...

Because his two cellmates weren't just anybody.

One of them had appeared on the news recently, and was the leader of the biggest dark force sect in Huaxiu's history, the Master of Immortal Mansion. The other was inside a woman's body, the Master of Shadow Stream Jiang Liuyue, and had once plunged the whole of Huaxiu nation into a dark age of terror, the Devil Emperor...





Chapter 325 There Is Only One Truth!


At that moment, both these men were sitting in meditative poses, each of them wearing Spirit Shackles. This was a great magic treasure that could even restrain True Immortals. Once they were put on, the body's spirit energy would instantly be sealed away and the prisoner would become no different to an ordinary person, unable to cast any spells at all.

Of course, if it was just some random person, the man definitely wouldn't feel scared in this situation.

But now, one of these two individuals was the widely renowned Master of Immortal Mansion, and the other was Devil Emperor Gua Pi who had once rocked the world. Though their spirit energy had been sealed, they still had their innate body attributes! They could thrash him instantly with just a physical attack.

Now the man finally understood the look of ridicule in the two prison officers' eyes... so it turned out that they had been mocking him.

Faced with these two Buddha-like existences, the man felt alarm well up from the depths of his heart. He didn't even dare look at them, and could only keep his head down very low... At this time, he wondered incessantly whether he should exercise that move from the TV series Yu Zui 1 : jump quickly behind one of them, press his elbow down in the middle of their head and yell, "I told you not to motherfucking bother me!"

1(A 2016 Chinese web series based on a crime novel.) But the issue was... he didn't dare!

The old devil and Master of Immortal Mansion Cheng Yu had already heard the noise earlier on, and they both just sat in silence.

After about ten minutes of deep silence, the man felt like the air around him had frozen. He didn't dare sit down, already feeling miserable.

A while later, the old devil slowly opened his eyes and looked at the man. "Newcomer, what crime did you commit?"

"..." The man struggled in his heart, unsure whether to say it or not.

The old devil looked at him out of the corner of his eye, instantly causing the man to sweat profusely. "Here you only have two choices. Be honest... or die."

It could only be said that the old devil was truly worthy of his name. The evil in the depths of his heart couldn't be locked away by the Spirit Shackles. With just one look from him, the man was already so scared that he trembled all over and straightaway huddled in a corner with his arms over his head.

He looked completely scared out of his wits. "I... stole someone 2 ..."

2(偷人literally means to 'steal someone,' which can also refer to infidelity.) Master of Immortal Mansion Cheng Yu: "???"

The old devil: "???"

The old devil was surprised, because before the man had been sent here, Zhuo Yi had informed them of the situation and had asked them to cooperate. But wasn't the man guilty of abducting a girl? What the hell was with this infidelity?

The man realized that what he had said sounded a little ambiguous, so he rephrased his words. "I abducted a girl..."

Mm...

Now that was the right answer!

The old devil nodded with satisfaction, then gave the man an air slap.

He hated this type of vague talk the most! Abducting a girl was abducting a girl, why did the other party need to say 'infidelity'? Did he want to carry his next door neighbour Old Wang on his back 3 ?

3(This is an euphemism which means to bear the consequences of someone else committing infidelity in your family.) Zhuo Yi and Warden Liang were watching in the monitor room outside the cell, and they saw how the man was immediately lifted off his feet by the old devil's slap, spinning three and a half times in the air before falling to the floor.

Warden Liang was sweating hard. "..." The old devil was, in the end, their most dangerous prisoner; even though he had the Spirit Shackles on, he was still so lethal.

Whatever the case, it had to be said that this trick of Zhuo Yi's was really smart.

"What a clever plan, Director Zhuo!" Warden Liang was full of admiration. "I believe it shouldn't be long before this person confesses."

But was it really going to be that easy?

Zhuo Yi stared at the monitor, lost in thought.

For some reason, he felt that this entire incident wasn't that simple. This Shuigou Sect had managed to capture twelve students one after another through underhanded means; anyone could tell that there had to be an expert who had plotted the entire thing.

And it was when Zhuo Yi and Warden Liang were thinking up various ways to interrogate this man suspected of being a member of Shuigou Sect that the local cultivation police department called to deliver the latest news on the incident.

The twelve missing students had all returned unharmed...

...

The return of the twelve missing students once again stirred up the news media and became that Friday night's hot topic.

They had been discovered close to the end of school that day, left at the school gate in a light coma.

A surveillance camera at a street crossing had caught the minibus that had been used to transport these missing students. The police had checked the license plate and found that it was fake.

After a follow-up search, they finally discovered that the minibus had been driven to the seaside and then completely destroyed. Its entire frame had been burnt to ash and could fall apart at the slightest touch.

Everyone thought that the return of the students would lead to critical progress made in the Shuigou Sect case, but most unfortunately, none of the twelve students remembered much of what had happened after they had been captured.

In the evening, Wang Ling sat on the sofa with Father Wang and watched the news; this incident was all that the TV news talked about.

The return of the twelve students that had been taken was of course a good thing. But any criminal gang, especially a dark force as rigidly structured and watertight as Shuigou Sect, had to have a reason for whatever they did.

Everyone's main focus now was on what Shuigou Sect might have done to the twelve students.

When Wang Ling opened the group chat, the group was in the middle of a lively discussion.

Lord Thunder said, "It looks like the police have no idea what to make of this incident, but I have some theories."

Cailian Zhenren: "Tell us, Senior Immortal!"

Lord Thunder speculated, "After Shuigou Sect took the twelve students, it sent all of them back without the police knowing at all. This proves that the person behind the scenes has an incredibly extensive intelligence network, and is very familiar with the overall map of Songhai city. To possess such a huge intelligence network, plus genuinely strong people... I can make two rough inferences about this person's identity. First, they previously worked in the city government's intelligence department for a very long time, and would be some retired senior director of the department. But the probability that this is the case is very low..."

Lightning Dharmaraja: "Why's that?"

Lord Thunder: "Given the government's current anti-corruption campaign, many city leaders don't dare to even show their faces at banquets anymore; at the most, they'll just eat abalone-flavored fasting pills at home — how would they have the energy and money to build a new dark force? It would be pretty good for them already if they could afford a down payment on a house in a city school district!"

Everyone: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

Cailian Zhenren: "Then what about the second possibility?"

Lord Thunder said, "The second possibility is that the person behind the scenes is likely a killer, and a top veteran at that. Only veteran killers can operate such a huge intelligence network so precisely, and have enough savings to build a new dark force. Combined with this group's skill at coming and going without leaving a trace, I think this Shuigou Sect is very likely to be a killer organization... there is only one truth 4 !"

4(This is Detective Conan's catchphrase, from the manga series of the same title ..)





Chapter 326 Taoist Taotie


It was July 1st on Saturday in the tenth week of the semester.

It was another peaceful morning...

Wang Ling found the class group chat especially lively that morning. Usually, no one would talk in the chat at all. For most of them, it was just for sharing documents. After all, Guo Hao covered all the various topics of conversation during the morning self-study period.

And most importantly, when they had created the group, some idiot had added Teacher Pan, which made it very awkward.

Perhaps because there had been a lot more gossip than usual lately, the group chat had exploded that morning.

When Wang Ling opened the chat, he found that his number of unread messages had become 99+. Anyone could tell that this was probably because of new developments in the Shuigou Sect matter.

He scrolled through the messages and saw a string of them from Guo Hao.

"Did you know? The person suspected of being a member of Shuigou Sect who was arrested yesterday has pleaded guilty... The news hasn't been made public yet, I heard it from an uncle of mine."

"What's the use of pleading guilty? Aren't all the missing students back?"

"But those students don't remember what happened, right? According to that person, each one of them were fed a type of fruit."

"Fed fruit? Why?"

"No one knows yet; furthermore, the man appears to be a peripheral member of the group and was given the specific task of capturing people. Once he caught someone, he would hand them over to senior officers inside. He doesn't even know where Shuigou Sect's headquarters is. And do you know, this person even said Shuigou Sect actually wasn't called Shuigou Sect."

"What do you mean?"

"The standard pronunciation should actually be Shuiguo 1 . Who knows which non-standard Mandarin speaker got it wrong for everyone..."

1('Shuiguo' (水果) means 'fruit..') Everyone: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

Wang Ling scrolled through the rest of Guo Hao's news.

To summarize all the information, Shuigou Sect's real name was actually Shuiguo Sect. The organization took advantage of students going home after school to seize good-looking ones in particular. They were shut inside a small dark room and given fruit to eat. After that, they were sent back unharmed... was there something wrong with this damn organization?

Piecing the whole thing together, Wang Ling just wanted to flip a table.

Although the students had returned safely, neither the police nor the school authorities would relax until Shuigou Sect's true purpose was revealed. Parents would still continue to pick up their kids after school for a while yet. The worry was whether Shuigou Sect would try something funny under these circumstances.

Eyes fixed on the screen, Wang Ling was lost in deep thought. Although none of the students from Number 60 High School had been harmed in the Shuigou Sect incident this time, he had a strong feeling that the school wouldn't be able to stay out of it.

He smiled bitterly in his heart at this thought.

His high school life was really "colorful"... It had only been a while since the start of school, and already so many disasters had happened!!

...

Meanwhile, the Lady was sitting in an easy chair on the top floor of the Jiashi office building in the heart of the city and watching the morning news. At the same time, she was silently admiring Taoist Taotie's tactic; no one, including the Lady herself, had expected him to return the students safely.

Since the start of this affair, it was Taoist Taotie who had plotted all of Shuigou Sect's moves. As his partner in this, Mo Immortal Castle had merely provided him with information that had already been investigated and compiled together. A lot of this intelligence had come from Song Qingshu when he had still been with Mo Immortal Castle back then. The Lady had been holding on to it all this time, and hadn't expected that it would prove to be so useful.

She was only halfway through watching the morning news when an intimidating aura suddenly passed over her, making her shudder all over.

She was acutely aware that someone was here... furthermore, this person was an expert!

The aura was coming from the bottom of the building, and she had sensed the man as soon as he had stepped inside.

She had a petrified expression on her face and cold sweat rolled incessantly down her forehead. This aura was too frightening, as if this man had crossed over mountains of corpses and an ocean of blood, the killing intent rolling off his body. Furthermore, the aura wasn't aimed in any specific direction; it was clear that this person had intentionally released it, brazenly sending out a warning to all the people in this building that he had come...

"Who are you, senior?"

The Lady got up quickly as she projected her voice, and it echoed in the air.

A few seconds later, the office's main door was flung open with a bang by that aura full of killing intent.

Then, with sweat running copiously down her face, the Lady saw a man wearing a face mask, dark glasses and a black windcheater slowly walk in...

The Lady panicked when she saw the man, and hurriedly bowed. "Nice to meet you, Senior Taoist Taotie!"

The Lord had already long told her about Taoist Taotie's appearance, and coupled with that terrifying aura just now, she had almost instantly guessed his identity.

The man in the black windcheater didn't say anything, and only went over to where she had been sitting earlier and sat down himself.

After roughly ten seconds of silence, he started to speak...

"Heh, juniors nowadays are becoming more and more ignorant..."

The Lady broke out in a sweat. "Senior Taoist Taotie, please don't be angry. Junior didn't know senior would be paying a visit, otherwise I would definitely have received you personally."

"That's not what I meant."

The man in the black windcheater waved his hand and pushed his dark glasses up to stare at her. "I just suddenly wanted to come and take a look this time, and didn't tell you beforehand, so it's not your fault. But as juniors in the cultivation circle, that bunch of yours downstairs is really undisciplined!"

The Lady was stunned. "Why does senior say that?"

The man squinted. "I wasn't looking to stir up trouble, but when I got to the main entrance, that receptionist insisted on asking if I had an appointment, and for me to take off my sunglasses and face mask!"

The Lady: "..."

The man sighed. "And that isn't the worst part!"

The Lady: "Please speak, senior. Junior will definitely correct their behavior..."

The man in the black jacket: "I only removed my mask halfway before your subordinates started puking!"

The Lady: "..."

Speaking up to this point, the man's black jacket had already puffed up slightly. It was very obvious that he wasn't happy. Looks had always been a taboo subject for Taoist Taotie. When the Lady heard what her underlings downstairs had done, she broke out in a cold sweat. "Senior is right to reprimand them, death was too good a fate for them..."

"I never said I killed them; I just knocked them out with my aura."

The man said, "Heh, I was worried that if they continued puking, they might throw up their golden cores."

The Lady: "..."

Speaking up to this point, the man in the black windcheater paused, and then raised his head to look at the Lady and laugh. "Did you think I would wilfully slaughter innocents, like my senior brother Gorgeous Itinerant?"





Chapter 327 There Are Three People With Such Precise Aim!


The Lady was slightly disheartened by Taoist Taotie's words. These two brothers who had once shared a strong bond and established the ranking list of killers together had now gone their separate ways; they had completely broken off ties with each other, but it wasn't clear why. Of course, there were rumors that the break had had to do with a mistake which Gorgeous Itinerant had made on some mission, but no one actually knew the truth.

This had happened a very long time ago, and the Lady still remembered clearly what the Lord had told her — if Taoist Taotie paid them a visit, there were two things that could not be mentioned: the first had to do with Taoist Taotie's appearance, and the second was the reason for Taoist Taotie and Gorgeous Itinerant breaking off relations.

These issues were taboo, unless Taoist Taotie mentioned them himself, otherwise she would just be asking for trouble...

Generally, in situations like these, the best thing to do was shut up.

It was a long while before the man said, "This already happened a very long time ago... but when I think about it now, I still can't help but get angry."

The Lady didn't dare speak at all; she could clearly feel the fury of the man in the black windcheater at the thought of the incident.

"The world only knows how extraordinarily beautiful my senior brother Gorgeous Itinerant was, as a man of peerless looks... No one ever paid me any attention. There are times when looks aren't everything..."

Taoist Taotie got up and stared at the Lady. "Did you know? Gorgeous Itinerant killed my adopted son Black Gauze — that was why we parted ways!

"The rumors outside all say that it was a mistake. But from what I saw, he did it on purpose."

"..."

The Lady was greatly shaken, and felt like she had been let in on some terrible secret.

Taoist Taotie continued, "After he broke off his ties with me, he officially retired from the cultivation world, and even disappeared from the assassination circle. He changed his appearance after that, and I couldn't find him for a long time. If it hadn't been for your Lord, there was no way I could believe that he had actually become a history teacher in an ordinary high school. Heh, how fate plays with us!"

It was obvious that Taoist Taotie hadn't been able to let go of what had happened back then. "I've been planning this for a long time, and I want him to experience that kind of pain himself. But I don't just want him to suffer, I also want everyone to pay for his sins!"

However, just as the man said this, the Lady suddenly saw a ray of light shooting toward them from outside the building's French windows.

"Watch out!"

Taoist Taotie pushed the Lady aside and at the same time, stretched out his fingers to catch this light.

Only then did the Lady see... this ray of light was actually a piece of chalk!

Then, a voice was projected faintly in the air. "Who would have thought that the grand Taoist Taotie is unexpectedly fond of gossiping about people behind their backs. What an eye-opener."

The Lady turned pale with fright. "Who's that?"

"No need to panic, he's just a junior."

Taoist Taotie waved his hand. He stared at the chalk and smiled. "Your precision is good, but the force in your fingers is still not up to your shizun' s... The more ordinary the object you use as a secret weapon, the more difficult it is to handle. There are only three people in the world who have the power to use chalk as a secret weapon..."

The Lady: "Who are they?"

At this point, Taoist Taotie turned his eyes to the air and sneered. "The first one is the famous killer with the codename Reed. Back then, he almost climbed to the top of the ranking list of killers with his precision in using a secret weapon. He wasn't just an accurate marksman, he was also proficient in the art of firearms. He could use his spiritual perception to precisely control trajectory and kill a person from ten thousand li away. Furthermore, he didn't need to worry about recoil when he shot a gun! He also didn't need to put force in his wrist when he threw a secret weapon; by firing in minute controlled bursts from two fingers, he could cause a lot of damage. However, the junior outside isn't likely to be him since he already died after a joint attack by a number of killers back then."

The Lady: "..."

"The second is my senior brother Gorgeous Itinerant."

Taoist Taotie gave the Lady a look and laughed. "But if it was my serious brother, you'd already be dead. Apart from our shifu , there is no one else in this world who can catch my senior brother's secret weapon."

The Lady was speechless. "..."

She didn't get why there was a touch of pride in his words...

"As for the third person..."

He smiled slightly under the face mask, and with a press of his two fingers, the chalk immediately turned to ash. "...That is my senior brother's eldest disciple, Killer Taoist..."

Killer Taoist's voice rang out in the air. "As expected, senior has good eyes."

"I was in the same sect as your shifu . If I didn't have even this petty skill, I wouldn't be able to live anymore."

Taoist Taotie smiled. "Are you here to speak for your shifu ? Go back and tell him, for the sake of our old friendship in the same sect, I'll give him enough time to prepare his last words."

There was a clear pause on the other end, before the voice continued, "I... came on a whim, and this has nothing to do with shifu . He is very settled in his life now, and he has long withdrawn from the world. He has always felt sorry for what happened back then. If Senior Taoist Taotie would be magnanimous enough to drop this matter, there would be nothing better."

Drop this matter?

Under the face mask, the corners of Taoist Taotie's mouth twitched. "If apologies were enough, why would we need the police?"

"..."

Killer Taoist: "With respect, senior, is there no room for discussion?"

"Black Gauze's death must be avenged!"

Taoist Taotie narrowed his eyes, his reply echoing in the air.

"If you want to discuss it, fine, but have your shifu come in person, and have him bring that supreme weapon which he hid away! You're not good enough!"

After that, Taoist Taotie sent out a burst of aggressive aura. This killing intent was something that only he possessed. When he released his aura, even the Lady was directly knocked down. This startling aura hurtled straight back in the direction that the chalk had come from, followed by a powerful wave of spirit intensity that resembled a roaring tide.

This was the killing technique he was most adept in! After using it for so many years, Taoist Taotie had long become proficient in it many times over; it could even be said that he had reached the pinnacle of perfection with it!

At that moment, on the roof of an office building tens of thousands of meters away, Killer Taoist's complexion changed dramatically when he sensed this attack of aura.

He quickly put up a barrier at full strength. Seeing this discouraging turn in events, a white-haired youngster in a peaked cap hurried to help withstand the attack.

Bandit Evil took action. "Senior brother! I'll help you!"

However, the impact of this aura was too fierce. That killing intent discharged in a straight line from ten thousand meters away directly smashed through the barrier they had put up like it was nothing.

The violent impact tore Killer Taoist's clothes to shreds, and along with his junior brother, they hit the wall behind them hard.

Both of them spit out fresh blood...

After a few minutes or so, that killing intent dissipated.

Bandit Evil endured the rolling of his qi and blood inside his body before he looked at Killer Taoist and asked, "Senior brother, will shifu be able to avoid this..."

After restraining the flux of his qi and blood, Killer Taoist couldn't help sighing. "I don't know if shifu will be able to avoid this... In any case, my last pair of floral underpants has been destroyed; I'll have to ask shifu to reimburse me later."

Bandit Evil: "..."





Chapter 328 Er Ha's Boring Dog Life


Although it was just a simple clash of auras, it was already obvious to Killer Taoist that Taoist Taotie's cultivation was far more advanced than before, even several times over. Just now, Taoist Taotie had held back some of his strength; if he hadn't, both Killer Taoist and Bandit Evil would have been finished here.

Then, the questions now were:

One, who on earth was Black Gauze?

Second, what was Gorgeous Itinerant's great weapon?

Killer Taoist and Bandit Evil were puzzled by these two things.

"The only thing that I'm sure of is that this Black Gauze definitely wasn't in the murder industry... back then, after shifu and Senior Taoist Taotie parted ways and withdrew from the assassination circle one after another, I obtained a registry of names. From the moment that the international ranking list of killers was set up, the record clearly shows that there has never been anyone named Black Gauze."

Killer Taoist took a deep breath. "As for that supreme weapon which Taoist Taotie said shifu hid away... we've followed him for so long, have we ever heard him mention it?"

Bandit Evil shook his head. "No... But isn't shifu's great weapon his collection of chalks?"

Killer Taoist: "..."

...

It was an unusually idle Saturday.

After spending the morning in the chat group and browsing online posts discussing the Shuigou Sect incident, Wang Ling only felt that his eyes were a little tired. These two days had almost entirely revolved around the Shuigou Sect incident, and even the furor around Immortal Mansion had been pushed aside.

Now that Wang Ling thought about it carefully, he suddenly felt that the Master of Immortal Mansion was also unfortunate. He had built such a large dark force and had collected spirit swords from all over the world. His ultimate ambition had been to create a supreme spirit sword of his own, but before the sword was even half done, Immortal Mansion had collapsed... it wouldn't have been so bad if things had stopped there, since at the very least, Immortal Mansion had already been recognized in and outside the country as the largest dark force in Huaxiu's history.

However, this largest dark force had only grabbed the headlines for a few days before it had been replaced by Shuigou Sect which had come out of nowhere... this was a bigger tragedy for Immortal Mansion than it had been for Wang Feng 1 .

1(A reminder about the joke that any news about singer Wang Feng seem to end up being eclipsed by a bigger topic in the media.) Wang Ling was already tired of reading the conjecture and comments online about Shuigou Sect. Some people speculated on the origins of this dark force, some seized the opportunity to campaign for a boycott of dark forces, while others @'ed official Weibo sites of various light forces and strongly requested that they declare their positions.

This was similar to when a natural disaster had occurred in a particular place, and a group of netizens had zealously requested that a particular celebrity donate to help relief efforts...

At this point, no one wanted to be associated with Shuigou Sect, and the light forces had their own considerations. The interplay of interests between forces was far more complicated than netizens could imagine.

Moreover, at this time, there would always be people saying that the greater the power one had, the greater the responsibility. Wang Ling himself was reserving judgment on this statement.

Because from such a verdict, it felt like that meant he had to help wipe all of mankind's asses for them...

...

Even Er Ha was feeling a little depressed because of the Shuigou Sect incident these two days. This was because Father Wang now had to pick Wang Ling up after school every day, which directly resulted in two hours less of Er Ha's afternoon walk. Originally, it was Father Wang who would take it for a walk after dinner. Once in a while, when he had a deadline, Mother Wang would do it.

In the Wang family's small villa, Father and Mother Wang had the same rules for Er Ha as for Wang Ling; from beginning to end, it was the policy of learning to be low-key.

The couple knew that Er Ha's previous identity hadn't been simple; it was a great demon king, which was all the more reason to not be remiss... hence, Father and Mother Wang actually regarded Er Ha as an ordinary akita, and when they went on walks, they normally put it on a leash.

Not allowed to go out, Er Ha could only lie down in the Wang family's garden and look up at the sky.

In fact, its dog days were really quite idle, unlike when it had been a demon king before, and had had to handle annoying clan matters daily... Life might seem boring now, but for Er Ha, it was pretty comfortable.

It remembered watching the news with the old man a while ago as they followed an interview with today's university students.

In front of the camera, these Golden Core students had bitterly criticized university teachers for being too strict. Whoever said that things would ease up once they got into a Golden Core university had been spouting empty nonsense; the training every day was worse than the college entrance exam, and they were dog tired...

But to be honest, Er Ha didn't think it was that tiring to be a dog...

As evening approached, it was feeling bored as it lay in the garden.

Grandfather Wang had gone out on Sheep, Mother Wang was out buying groceries, Father Wang was still writing in his room, Little Master Ling was still doing his homework... There was no one to take Er Ha for a walk.

So it could only lay about in the garden... couldn't it just carry its own leash and walk itself?

Yawning, Er Ha was just about to switch positions, but as it lifted its head, it abruptly noticed a figure that had suddenly appeared on the road outside the Wang family's small villa. Immediately, all its dog fur stood on end.

Er Ha thought it had pretty sharp senses and that they were by no means dull. The opposite side of the road had clearly been empty a few seconds ago; how could someone just suddenly appear?

It got up, claws digging into the ground and its gaze alert as it stared ahead, already going into combat mode.

But it didn't make a move, because the man wasn't giving off any killing intent.

The man approached the Wang family's small villa slowly. As he drew closer, Er Ha realized that it was a balding middle-aged man with a receding hairline. He was wearing a rather casual white coat, floral underpants, and flip-flops, and this understated style caused Er Ha to go on high alert... This person's movements were truly frightening — he didn't make the slightest sound as he moved; it was as if he was walking on air.

The man stood at the the villa gate and stared at Er Ha. He paused, then smiled slightly. "Relax, I'm not here to look for trouble. A friend pointed me in this direction; I have something I want to consult Ling Zhenren on."

Who was he...?

Er Ha's eyes were fixed on the man. Although the person wasn't emitting any killing intent, it could sense how dangerous he was. From the man's remarkable movements, it wasn't difficult for Er Ha to determine that this person was likely a killer or a wandering gentleman thief by trade.

The middle-aged baldie stared at Er Ha with a harmless smile on his face. "Crackers Balls 2 !"

2(A snack by the Want Want Group..) "..."

Er Ha suddenly felt a little tired. Why was everyone who visited the villa all idiots?





Chapter 329 Dog Lovers Voice Strong Condemnation


Wang Ling was surprised by Killer Taoist's visit.

It could be said that of all the people who had ever visited the Wang family's small villa, this person was the best at containing his aura.

Generally, as long as there were cultivators on East Huang Road outside the villa, Wang Ling would immediately sense them. There were not more than twenty people in the entire world who were capable of this kind of aura concealment skill. This was a required course in a killer's education; for a legendary killer in particular, his proficiency in this technique would have already reached the pinnacle of perfection.

"Is Ling Zhenren busy now?" the middle-aged baldie asked, looking at Er Ha after glancing at the bright lights on the second floor.

Like Wang Ling, Er Ha had also guessed the person's identity. With this type of body movement and superb aura concealment skill, coupled with the rumored penchant for floral underpants, it knew that this person had to be Killer Taoist... but Er Ha still couldn't quite accept this appearance.

He was at the very least a legendary killer among human cultivators, but he had shown up in floral underpants and flip-flops... He was like the old man who sold youtiao at the entrance to the food market; his style, so to speak, was very unique.

Er Ha looked at the man in front of it and lay back down disinterestedly. It then pointed to the lights on the second floor and mimed writing on the ground with its claw. Finally, it stared at the man and drew a small claw across its throat.

What he meant was: Ling Zhenren is doing homework. Anyone who disturbs him, die!

To Er Ha's surprise, the man actually understood the meaning conveyed through its claws.

The other party just smiled and looked very amiable. "That's fine; since Ling Zhenren is busy, I'll wait here."

Then he came up to Er Ha and nudged its butt with one flip-flop.

Killer Taoist: "Make room for me."

Er Ha: "???"

Er Ha startled; the Wang family's garden might not be especially big, but it wasn't to the point that there wasn't anywhere else to sit... Go sit somewhere else, why do I have to fucking make room for you?!

Killer Taoist smiled. "It looks like you've been lying in that spot for a long time, so it must be very warm."

Er Ha: "..." Psycho!

Taking a deep breath, Er Ha got up in the end and moved to the side, shaking out its dog tail with a face full of resentment. God knew what strange fetish this legendary killer might have. As a loyal and well-behaved dog, it was really too lazy to argue with other people. It would just treat this as respecting the old.

The middle-aged baldie got what he wanted, and sat down in Er Ha's original spot. Then, completely ignoring Er Ha's resistance, he directly reached out to grab it by the waist and pull it into his lap.

Er Ha would have struggled, but it didn't dare move at the faint killing intent hidden in the baldie's smile. It wanted to cry, but had no tears to shed. If it had known earlier, it wouldn't have lolled about in the garden. Why did it have to encounter this freak? Er Ha was spoiled by everyone in the Wang family's small villa; it had never been so aggrieved before.

Now, however, it could only stifle its anger, and it didn't even dare take deep breaths... because it couldn't guess what Killer Taoist's next move would be at all.

It could only be said that Killer Taoist was truly a legendary killer... his way of thinking was like a winding mountain road that completely befuddled people.

After that, Killer Taoist started to stroke Er Ha's dog fur. He was surprised to find that it actually had pretty solid muscles. He had thought that it was just a green akita with spiritual intelligence. Through this contact, however, he realized that this dog wasn't as simple as it seemed.

"You're a dog with potential." He patted Er Ha on its springy butt.

Er Ha: "..."

The baldie lavished praise on it. "You're great! As expected of Ling Zhenren's pet. If you continue cultivating, it won't take you more than a hundred years to become a superb first-class spirit beast."

Er Ha didn't say anything, but it wagged its tail proudly.

If an outsider heard this, they would definitely think the person saying it was an idiot. A top-class spirit beast would already be able to take on human form, but it wasn't easy to advance to this level; it required at least a thousand years' worth of cultivation, and the beast would need to experience the heavenly tribulation once.

But Er Ha was different.

It had the original soul of a demon king and had the necessary cultivation experience. In addition, Little Master Ling had specially modified its cultivation technique and customized it exclusively for Er Ha; hence, it could reap twice the results for half the effort.

It was like many characters who were reincarnated in novels; most of them just cultivated the same technique again as in their previous lives. Generally, as long as they weren't dumbasses, their cultivation speed would definitely increase.

Originally, it would have taken Er Ha several thousand years to reach the level of a first-class spirit beast, but it wasn't an exaggeration to say that it would take only a hundred years or even less now.

This was also a testament to Killer Taoist's keen insight as a legendary assassin.

...

In actual fact, Wang Ling had already finished his homework earlier on. Pen and Eraser, these two hardworking paragons in the world of homework, had come together the instant Wang Ling had finished reviewing his lessons, and had finishing writing up his homework in less than five minutes.

He stood on the second floor and looked out the window at the harmonious scene of a person and a dog in the yard.

Holding Er Ha, the baldie continued to stroke its dog fur. "Do you know, I used to have a dog. I picked it up off the street, and back then it had been sick, so I'd actually always felt a special attachment to it. The first time I saw it, I thought that it wasn't a simple dog."

Er Ha wagged its tail; it had never expected this legendary killer to be a dog lover.

"Then I took the dog home to treat it. I fed it elixirs and all kinds of heavenly treasures, and it ate better than I did. But half a month later, before it was fully recovered..." At this point, Killer Taoist's eyes were already sparkling a little with tears as he recalled the past, and he said very emotionally, "I especially bought a barrel to bathe it in everyday in heated water."

Er Ha was very moved when he heard this, but the baldie paused before he continued, "Until one day, I forgot to turn off the fire..."

Er Ha: "..."

Killer Taoist: "After that, I discovered that that guy was pretty delicious."

Er Ha: "..."

Killer Taoist: "I should say that when I saw it for the first time, I did think it would taste very good!"

Er Ha: "..."

As he spoke, Killer Taoist pointed to a glistening tear in the corner of his eye. "See this tear? Every time I recall how good that dog meat tasted, it makes me want to cry!"

Wang Ling: "..."

Er Ha: "..." Freak!





Chapter 330 Ling Zhenren's Strength Is Called Into Question!


Just like that, this initially harmonious scene was shattered by this middle-aged baldie's heartwarming story about dog meat. Er Ha's face was sweating as it lay in the baldie's arms, afraid to move an inch. Sure enough, this was a clear threat, right?

But when it came down to it, Killer Taoist's reputation as a great killer was evident both in the murder industry and the cultivation world. All of his assignments had to do with punishing the wicked and eradicating evil, and until now, he had never failed in any task. Thus, however horrifying the situation was, Er Ha didn't believe that this baldie would really raise a hand against it.

Most importantly, Little Master Ling was still upstairs. There was a saying:When you beat a dog, you must answer to its master 1 ... Wang Ling's existence was Er Ha's greatest security net.

1(This is a Chinese proverb which means that every action has consequences ..) The baldie took in this scene; his story earlier was actually half true and half false. He had told this story with the aim of deliberately intimidating the dog. But in the end, this green dog's reaction was much calmer than he had expected. From this, he could actually tell that Ling Zhenren was really as strong as rumors said he was.

If he had the opportunity to trade blows with him, it would definitely be very interesting.

The baldie stroked Er Ha's dog fur again as he lost himself in daydreams.

At this point, the door of the Wang family's small villa suddenly opened, and the light that poured out of the gap shone on the baldie's back in a long strip. The baldie turned his head to take a look, and saw a teenager in white bunny pajamas standing in front of him.

"With respect, is your distinguished self... Ling Zhenren?"

Before coming here, the baldie had fantasized a lot about what the legendary Ling Zhenren looked like. As the rumors said, he was very young. But when the baldie saw him with his own eyes, he was somehow still very alarmed — this was clearly just a child, right...

Wang Ling didn't say anything, and merely stared at the baldie and nodded.

"Ey? Are you really Ling Zhenren?"

The baldie revealed a flabbergasted expression at the youngster's admission.

After a short silence, the baldie continued, "Can you fight me?"

"..." Wang Ling couldn't believe it — was his prowess being questioned?

The baldie cupped his fists in salute. "Junior has come looking for Ling Zhenren this time in relation to the Shuigou Sect which has been causing havoc recently. This is quite an important matter. If it's possible, I hope that the real Ling Zhenren can come out and meet me."

Wang Ling: "..."

The baldie stared at him. "Generally, before seeing a great senior, there's always someone to stop and challenge you first, right? I know the routine!"

Wang Ling: "..."

The baldie then directly struck a pose in front of Wang Ling. "Then, little brother, please make your move!"

Speechless, Wang Ling sighed in his heart. The baldie had misunderstood to this extent; if Wang Ling didn't accept his challenge, he might not be able to prove his identity to the other party. This was actually a major drawback of the Great Shielding Spell. After all, many people had only heard rumors about him; before they officially saw his face, his image in their minds would actually just be a bunch of mosaic tiles...

Generally, in theory, close combat wasn't a killer's strong suit. But his opponent this time was Killer Taoist, after all, so Wang Ling's expression turned a little more serious.

Er Ha was greatly surprised. From those dead fish eyes which had become fifteen percent larger than normal, it could tell that Wang Ling was serious! This was Wang Ling's normal serious mode — this was the first time Er Ha was seeing its little master display such an attitude.

The two individuals went to the abandoned construction site on the other side of East Huang Road. The atmosphere seemed very tranquil as they faced each other, when in actual fact it was very tense.

After learning to use the Internet, Er Ha had learned a fair bit online about the rumored Killer Taoist.

Killer Taoist was famous for two supreme skills. The first was his Enemy-Killing Blink. When he went on missions, he would often behead the vicious people who were his targets with his blinking. The second skill was his finger gun. This supreme skill had made waves in the murder industry after Killer Taoist had used it many times on assignment. There was no one on the international ranking list of killers at the moment who was more powerful than Killer Taoist in using this skill. And until now, he had never missed his target!

"Is this little brother ready? Since you're not making a move, I'll do it..."

The baldie smiled. Seeing that Wang Ling was slow to take action, he couldn't resist the impulse to attack.

The baldie raised his right hand, forming the shape of a pistol with his thumb and forefinger.

Then, Wang Ling felt a huge amount of spirit energy molecules gather in a steady flow at the tip of the baldie's forefinger, forming a small, deep blue dot the size of a soybean which contained extremely dense spirit potential!

The principle behind the finger gun was in fact similar to that of the old devil's famous Chaos Ball, but using it wasn't difficult. It was easy to learn and very easy to copy. However, it also had one large drawback, and that was that the spirit energy ball reached its saturation point very easily because of its small size.

In other words, there was a limit to the power in the finger gun, and it depended entirely on the user's realm.

Er Ha looked at the spirit energy ball on the tip of Killer Taoist's finger, and its small, round face was very calm.

If it was only to this extent, its little master didn't even need to use the protective golden light; he would be able to completely defend against this attack by depending purely on his physical strength.

But at that moment, Er Ha saw the baldie suddenly smile slightly, and he unfolded the rest of his fingers! Apart from his thumb, spirit energy balls started gathering around the tips of his four fingers at the same time!

Four-Fingered Gun?!

Er Ha's expression finally changed slightly at this scene. In a normal situation, it was already quite difficult to maintain the cohesion of a spirit energy ball on one fingertip. Controlling the gathering of spirit balls on the tips of four fingers at the same time was a high-end operation that an ordinary person would never be able to do!

Er Ha was thus shaken by this scene. When all was said and done, this was a legendary killer...

"Be careful, little brother!" The baldie stared at Wang Ling with a harmless smile on his face. "I haven't used this Four-Fingered Gatling Gun on anyone else before..."

In the next moment, his four fingers sparked blue, and those infinitely powerful spirit energy balls shot out at Wang Ling in a fierce, earth-shattering attack!

This was a highly focused machine gun attack, and those soybean-sized spirit energy balls wheeled like fireworks as they hurtled intensely at Wang Ling.

Wang Ling raised his eyebrows. The greatest benefit of this dense gunfire was that it made up for the lack of power in a single spirit energy ball. At the same time, however, it also had a large drawback, and that was that its speed was significantly slower than a single finger gun.

Wang Ling's dynamic vision was extremely powerful. When these spirit energy balls flew at him, it was as if their speed had slowed down several hundred times, so he could dodge them completely.

Thus, there wasn't the slightest flinch on Wang Ling's face.

But just then, the baldie smiled at him again. "You can't hide, little brother!"

At that moment, Wang Ling heard what seemed to be a tiny electronic sound in the air: Super-targeting has been deployed 2 .

2(This is a reference to an incident where a live stream gamer claimed he wasn't using cheats, but the game suddenly announced that "super-targeting had been deployed," thus exposing him as a liar)





Chapter 331 You Have to Act Based On the Expression in His Eyes!


Er Ha slipped and fell when it heard this crisp electronic voice. It was fortunate it wasn't eating something at the moment, otherwise it might have sprayed out a large mouthful of dog food.

The creepiest thing was that the electronic voice was coming from Killer Taoist's belly; this was his Great Ventriloquism Technique. Furthermore, in keeping with the times, this guy had even added some electronic effects to his technique!

The dark blue spirit energy sparks of the Four-Fingered Gatling Gun shot out with fierce and astonishing momentum.

With these dense spirit energy balls that Killer Taoist had swiftly gathered around his fingers, plus the aura tracking skill discharged by that electronic voice, a person was guaranteed to get hit by this machine gunfire.

Wang Ling sighed before his movements sped up. He had thought that it would be enough to just evade these spirit energy balls, but now every ball would pursue him until he was hit.

As a result, Wang Ling had to start using high-speed teleportation to evade them. If he used his protective golden light in this situation, the spirit energy balls wouldn't be able to do anything to his body. However, he wasn't wearing any Taoist robes or long johns now; he was just wearing pajamas that he had yet to consecrate.

The main thing was that he had just bought this set of bunny pajamas less than two months ago!

It had cost him the equivalent of two boxes of crispy noodle snacks out of his pocket money!

He had saved this pocket money under Father Wang's iron heel!

Spoiling this set of pajamas, which he had bought himself, in a petty scuffle wasn't worth it.

There were times when Wang Ling reflected on how you truly never thought twice about using someone else's money, but you would especially cherish it when it was your own...

After that, Er Ha saw Wang Ling flicker in and out in the abandoned construction site as he was chased by those spirit energy balls.

The baldie couldn't help smiling at Wang Ling's swift movements. "Little brother, if you're scared, ask Ling Zhenren to come out. This technique of mine is difficult to handle!" Once this tracking spell was put on you, there was no way to escape it, no matter what body movements you used. This technique was especially hard to deal with in close combat, and was extremely troublesome.

"..." Wang Ling narrowed his eyes.

Actually, he didn't think this technique was that amazing... but it did consume a lot of energy.

If Killer Taoist could continue using up energy in this manner for half an hour, that would be considered pretty good already. Also, this spell's energy consumption severely tested the resilience of a person's meridians. This was because spirit energy would be continuously pumping through them, possibly wearing them out after extensive use; this was a common cultivators' ailment.

Thus, while Wang Ling was dodging the spirit energy balls, he couldn't help sighing in his heart. Senior cultivators nowadays cherished their bodies less and less!

In the middle of dodging, Wang Ling finally saw an opportunity. He stretched out one hand, and dense spirit energy welled up in his palm to unexpectedly trap the spirit energy balls. Those inexhaustible balls then merged with the flood of spirit energy in his palm!

The baldie was dumbstruck by the sight of those dense spirit energy balls being absorbed into the flood of energy in this youngster's hand. The whole thing then seemed to freeze, suspended in the air and unable to move an inch!

At that moment, the sky had already turned dark. With just one hand, Wang Ling rolled this spirit energy into a ball. Then, with an elegant and languid wave, he sent a torrent of energy up into the sky!

In the blink of an eye, a huge hole opened up in the dark clouds, and starlight poured through to illuminate the abandoned construction site and the Wang family's small villa.

The initially dark sky had actually been torn apart by this torrent of spirit energy, instantly revealing tens of thousands of stars.

The baldie was amazed, and he couldn't help feeling delighted at this turn of events. "You really are Ling Zhenren!"

He had initially already suspected the youngster's true identity, which was why he had executed that type of killer move; it had been for the sake of forcing Ling Zhenren to reveal himself.

The baldie went on to add, "Only Ling Zhenren would have been able to ward off an attack of this level!"

"..." Wang Ling was already too lazy to refute; any one of the enlightened "goblins" in the villa would in fact have been able to launch such an attack, including Er Ha.

As long as Er Ha focused on cultivating for the few years using the technique which Wang Ling had modified for it, it would be so easy for it to parry such an attack.

However, Wang Ling didn't want to rattle this legendary killer's confidence, so he remained silent.

There were times when making comparisons could hurt a person's feelings, and striking someone's confidence a blow was actually quite merciless. Hence, most cultivators with unfathomable realms were generally disinclined to compare themselves with others or flaunt themselves. Since ancient times, most cultivators who were praised as kings, emperors or saints had in the end chosen to retire to the remote countryside with their families.

This principle was also reflected in real situations. For example, after taking an exam, there would always be a few top students who would throw their draft papers on the ground and yell: Shit! I screwed up again! In the end, when the results came out, they would have scored ninety-nine points!

Those true-blue supreme masters had a different worldview.

Wang Ling had always felt that a true expert wouldn't establish their image through flaunting themselves or shaking other people's confidence... Acting so pretentiously would have been deadly!

The baldie clasped his fists in a salute to Wang Ling. "I have truly failed to recognize a compatriot; this junior caused you so much offense earlier!"

Looking into the distance, Wang Ling noticed the old man on Sheep at the end of East Huang Road. It was mealtime, and after taking a stroll around the block, the old man was ready to return home to cook.

Killer Taoist also noticed this. "May I ask, who is that?"

Er Ha: "Ling Zhenren's grandfather."

Shaken, the baldie nodded his head. He recalled that the intelligence which he had purchased had indeed mentioned this small villa's Senior Wang.

The information had stated that though this old man had the aura of an ordinary person, his strength was unfathomable, so since the beginning, the baldie had been highly on guard against him. Ling Zhenren was already so formidable; this old man who lived out of the spotlight was most likely then already a cultivator at the level of a living fossil!

He would have to find an opportunity later to greet him!

The baldie gazed far into the distance as he pondered this.

As he was musing this, he suddenly seemed to think of something, and he stared at Er Ha, startled. "Wait! You can actually talk!"

Er Ha: "...My Little Master Ling doesn't like to talk, so I have to do the explanations. What choice do I have? I'm also in despair!"

The baldie: "..."

At that moment, he noticed Wang Ling giving him a glance before walking off to the villa by himself.

This act puzzled the baldie.

Er Ha looked at him. "What are you waiting for? Follow him!"

The baldie: "Can I?"

Er Ha: "You have to act based on the expression in his eyes!"

The baldie was dumbfounded. "..." Did dead fish eyes have any damn expression in them?!





Chapter 332 There Is a Traitor In Our Midst


Er Ha directed the baldie to follow after Wang Ling. Everyone who came to the Wang family's small villa for the first time would be a little reserved, and Killer Taoist was no exception. This was because all of them had almost the same thought: that the old man in this villa was a warrior at the level of a living fossil who had withdrawn from the world. Whenever anyone considered this, they were overwhelmed with strong reverence in their hearts.

When Wang Ling reached the villa and opened the front door, he suddenly heard Er Ha ask the baldie an interesting question behind him.

Er Ha looked at the bald man. "How did you find this place?"

Wang Ling also felt that it was strange; because of the Great Shielding Spell, he had never worried that outsiders would be able to find any information on the Wang family's small villa. Generally, people didn't know that the legendary "Ling Zhenren" actually lived here; not even a legendary killer like Killer Taoist, with his formidable intelligence network, could have known. Hence, after excluding the possibility of an external crime, Wang Ling's first reaction was that he had been betrayed by one of his friends!

The baldie said: "I bought this information on the cultivation forum; it cost me eight thousand gold bars."

The corners of Er Ha's eyes twitched. "Gold bars?"

The baldie nodded his head. "Mm... genuine gold bars made by hand out of immortal gold."

"...Fuck! Immortal gold!" Er Ha was dumbfounded because immortal gold was extremely pricey!

It had studied the current monetary system, and knew that HNY was the standard currency used in Huaxiu nation. In an age of national cultivation, even ordinary families traded with cultivators in HNY. However, cultivators were more used to the old way of doing things among themselves, and immortal gold was the commonly used standard.

One immortal gold bar, created from the essence of heaven and earth, was roughly the price of a toilet within Jinghua city's fifth ring! It was priceless...

With eight thousand immortal gold bars, Er Ha estimated that it could buy four houses in the fifth ring, three houses in the fourth, one house in the third, and perhaps put a down payment on one in the second 1 ...

1(Based on Beijing's ring roads system, the closer one gets to the center, the first ring, the more expensive real estate becomes.) Er Ha: "Who on earth gave you this information?"

The baldie: "I think he's a big shot in the industry. He gave me the information anonymously, but when he sold it to me at the time, he also gave me enough homegrown vegetables to fill a car."

Er Ha: "Vegetables?"

The baldie nodded seriously, and his hand flashed with spirit light... an instant later, a large broccoli appeared in his palm.

Er Ha: "..."

Wang Ling: "..." That profiteer!

...

While the old man was preparing dinner, Wang Ling led the baldie upstairs. He had no intention of inviting him to eat dinner; there was an order to everything, and after all, he wasn't that close to this legendary killer. Even from the chat group, only Dharmaraja and Lord Thunder had been invited to dinner before.

After being shown to Wang Ling's room, the baldie forthrightly sat down on the floor and crossed his arms, a profound expression on his face.

Sitting in his chair, Wang Ling held Er Ha in his lap and patted its butt, directly getting it to speak for him.

Er Ha stared at the baldie. "Tell us what's going on."

"I believe Ling Zhenren will have heard a lot about the Shuigou Sect issue recently." The baldie came straight to the point as he fixed his eyes on Wang Ling. "Actually, the person behind Shuigou Sect is my shishu 2 , Taoist Taotie..."

2(Literally translates to 'teacher uncle,' and is the sect brother of a person's shifu.) Hearing this, Wang Ling arched his eyebrow as he remembered Lao Gudong recounting the events to do with Taoist Taotie and Gorgeous Itinerant in his theory of history class.

Er Ha: "So your shifu is Gorgeous Itinerant?"

"That's right."

The baldie let out a sigh. "All of this stems from a grudge between them. I'm still investigating the details, but based on current leads, my shishu' s reason for establishing Shuigou Sect was for revenge. Back then, my shifu accidentally killed my shishu' s adopted son, Black Gauze."

Er Ha licked its fur. "Was he a killer as well?"

The baldie shook his head. "No, he wasn't. I've gone through everyone on the ranking list of killers, and I've never seen his name. Furthermore, I only learned about this matter when I fought my shishu recently; this is most likely the reason for why they parted ways and then withdrew from the assassination circle."

Er Ha: "Then why did he establish Shuigou Sect?"

The baldie furrowed his brow and said, "Shuigou Sect is currently researching and developing a kind of fruit which can trigger the potential of Foundation Establishment cultivators in a short period of time. From the information I obtained, there is an incubation period after the fruit is eaten. Once it ends, the energy inside the fruit is released... But it's difficult to keep this energy suppressed purely by relying on a Foundation Establishment physique, which then ultimately results in a spirit explosion."

A spirit explosion? Er Ha trembled, and even Wang Ling's pupils contracted.

If this was the case, then the reason why Shuigou Sect had returned those twelve missing students was obvious: It was the same as placing twelve human bombs in the schools.

A spirit explosion contained the same amount of power as a mini nuclear warhead. Generally speaking, the higher a cultivator's realm, the more powerful the spirit explosion would be, since a cultivator would have amassed tremendous amounts of spirit energy in their body. Now that those missing students had eaten fruit that could trigger their spirit potential, once they became unable to contain it, they would blow up on the spot one after another.

The baldie sighed. "Initially, I had planned to mediate this matter, but in the end I was too weak and unable to persuade my shishu ."

Er Ha: "Even you failed? Aren't you a legendary killer?"

The baldie's lips twitched. "In the murder industry, the lowest-ranked killers are divided into three classes, from third to first; middle-ranked killers are divided into advanced and peak classes; and top-ranked killers are divided into legendary and epic classes... A legendary killer like me can't beat an epic killer."

Er Ha: "If I may ask, what is the difference between the legendary and epic classes?"

The baldie: "Hm... it's the difference between a village novice's wooden bench and a dragon-slaying sword."

Er Ha: "..."

"Also, there are only two acknowledged epic killers in the assassination world: one is my shifu Gorgeous Itinerant and the other is my shishu Taoist Taotie."

Speaking up to this point, the baldie paused. "Of course, there is actually another great ancestral figure... that is my shifu and shishu' s shifu , Numinous Mother with the Magic Hands."

Er Ha and Wang Ling were both startled by this name.

Great ancestor?

And so, Wang Ling pinched Er Ha's butt to indicate it should keep asking questions.

"..."

Er Ha: "Is this person very strong?"

"I've never traded blows with her, so I don't know." The baldie shook his head, then said, "But she was the one who wrote a compendium of all the martial arts in our assassination circle. Do you know the One Thousand Years of Death 3 ? She was the one who came up with it!"

3(A reminder that this is a translation of the Japanese 'Sennen Goroshi,' which is a ninja technique used in the Japanese cartoon Naruto, and involves clasping the hands together so that the index fingers are sticking out and poking them into a person's anus..) Er Ha: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 333 The Great Ancestor of Killers


Killer Taoist: "In assassination circles, One Thousand Years of Death is recognized as the most powerful assassination technique to use in close combat. If you use it just right, this technique can kill an enemy in one strike... But it also has a drawback; it's hard to find an opportunity to use it, and in most situations, it needs to be paired with the use of soap."

Wang Ling: "..."

Er Ha: "..."

The baldie said solemnly, "Of course, apart from this high-level assassination Taoist technique, Numinous Mother also introduced many original things in the field of assassination. My shifu and shishu learned most of what they know from her."

"Have you met her before?" asked Er Ha.

"No." The baldie shook his head. "Only shifu and shishu have ever seen her original form, and she comes and goes like the wind; only those at epic level are able to see her. Given my current realm, I probably need to cultivate for one thousand years more to catch up to my shifu and shishu before I can see her... This is one of the biggest regrets in my life.

"However, I was lucky enough to read Great Ancestor's original Self-Cultivation for Assassins . Great Ancestor wrote this in exercise books, and there are ten of them in total, filled with her neat handwriting. It was my shifu who showed them to me! But the originals all disappeared in the end. It was said that Great Ancestor confiscated them!"

The baldie sighed. "At that time, shifu only let me take a look for thirty seconds, but I really benefited even just from reading the title page alone. Great Ancestor is indeed Great Ancestor, so awesome!"

Even without Killer Taoist's explanation, Wang Ling could imagine how powerful this Numinous Mother was. According to the strict ranking system in assassination circles, gaining the rank of legendary killer was as difficult as scaling the heights to heaven, while epic killers like Gorgeous Itinerant and Taotie Taoist only appeared once every ten thousand years.

Rank among killers wasn't based on credentials but on true competence. In fact, Killer Taoist didn't have as many abilities as some of the top killers in the list, but he had a renowned shifu . Coupled with his innate talent, he managed to climb to the rank of legendary killer despite his youth, and became the new guardian envoy of the list.

As the only great ancestral killer in the assassination world, needless to say, Numinous Mother with the Magic Hands had to be truly formidable.

The crucial thing was that this name felt a little familiar to Wang Ling, who didn't know where he might have heard it before.

Speaking up to this point, the baldie couldn't help sighing. "My shifu and shishu were truly lucky to pick up that ancestral martial arts text."

Er Ha was startled again. "They picked this up?"

"That's right." The baldie nodded. "There was a sentence on the title page of that text — Whoever finds this book is deemed to have joined Numinous Mother's sect ."

The corners of Wang Ling's lips couldn't help twitching when he heard this. "..." Did masters nowadays all recruit disciples this casually?

"My shifu and shishu' s luck was truly extraordinary," the baldie said. "Although I became a legendary killer at a young age, it's not that great being an assassin nowadays. Look at my hair loss; no matter how many elixirs I use, it won't grow back. If I had known earlier, I would have started using Bawang shampoo 1 long ago."

1(The shampoo brand that Jackie Chan used to endorse, one of which claims anti-hair fall ..) Wang Ling: "..."

Er Ha: "...So why are you here?"

Hearing this question, the baldie suddenly patted his head; after blathering on for so long, he had almost forgotten his business for being here!

Hands on his knees, he stared at Wang Ling. "This Shuigou Sect incident stems from resentment between two epic-level killers, and as a junior, I have no power to persuade them... so I hope that Ling Zhenren can mediate this conflict for us!"

After that, he got to his feet to prostrate himself before Wang Ling. "Please! Ling Zhenren!"

Wang Ling: "..."

This was an assassination circle matter, and Wang Ling didn't actually want to get tangled up in it at all. However, this Shuigou Sect incident had still impacted his peaceful high school life recently, so Wang Ling was of two minds about getting involved.

Er Ha: "What's in it for us?"

At this time, the baldie laughed, and with a flash of spirit light, a gold card appeared in his hand. "Ling Zhenren, do you know the old crispy noodle snacks flagship store on Spirit Creek Road? This is its gold card, and it's good for one hundred years. Apart from being able to try the latest crispy noodle snack flavor every month, you can go in every week and eat as much as you want until you're full!"

Wang Ling: "!!!"

Er Ha: "..."

And so... Wang Ling happily decided to take part in this endeavor.

He felt that he had given it serious consideration; furthermore, he had made this decision after three rounds of deep thought... Mm, he hadn't been sloppy about it at all!

...

Mother Wang and the old man had already returned home, and were cooking in the kitchen by the time the baldie was about to leave; right up until he got to the front door, he didn't have the courage to go greet the old man. Wang Ling felt that with every new visitor to the Wang family's small villa, their impression of the old man had continued to build until he had now become thoroughly deified...

First time stranger, second time friends — he would have the opportunity next time!

As he was leaving, the baldie consoled himself with this thought.

"I will have to trouble Ling Zhenren with this matter... If you truly can't mediate, it's fine to just beat them up and teach them a lesson, especially my shishu — if you can beat him until he's paralyzed, even better! He's ugly anyway; he shouldn't be going out to scare people." When he said this, the baldie looked like he was screwing up immense courage, and his face and tone were slightly dejected when he said, "...I'll look after him for the rest of his life after that!"

Wang Ling: "..."

Wang Ling had heard a lot of rumors about Taotie Taoist in these two days, and he was curious to know exactly how ugly he could be.

"The resentment between the two of them wasn't something that happened in one or two days... There's something I forgot to tell Ling Zhenren. This time, it seems that my shishu has come to an agreement with Mo Immortal Castle."

Wang Ling nodded slightly; it had to said that he was very familiar with this Mo Immortal Castle... however, he had never paid attention to it since the beginning because it was so weak.

In fact, it was still a little unexpected when the baldie mentioned it.

"Do you know what their objective is?" asked Er Ha.

"If my assumption is correct, it was Mo Immortal Castle which gave Shuigou Sect all the intelligence for its operation against the high schools this time, including information on the twelve missing students and on my shifu after he withdrew from the assassination circle. I've investigated this organization, and while its strength is average, it has a lot of gossip," the baldie said. "They were the ones who provided my shishu with leads, and in return, he'll help them retrieve a supreme weapon in my shifu' s possession."

Both Wang Ling and Er Ha's expressions perked up. Gorgeous Itinerant's supreme weapon?

"I've followed my shifu for so many years, but I've never heard of this supreme weapon... Surely it has to be a mistake." The baldie looked completely puzzled.

After saying this, he suddenly recalled something. "Oh, that's right, there's another thing — my shifu Gorgeous Itinerant looks completely different now after retirement."

As he said this, he took out a picture and thrust it into Wang Ling's hand. "This is his photo, please have a look."

"..."

Wang Ling couldn't help being taken aback when he looked at the image.

He couldn't be more familiar with the person in the photo... It was a fatty eating latiao !





Chapter 334 The World Is So Damn Small


To be honest, Wang Ling would never have been able to guess Lao Gudong's true identity without this photo from Killer Taoist...

Although he had known since the beginning that Lao Gudong's identity definitely wasn't simple, there was no way he could have connected the legendary Gorgeous Itinerant to him. But many things now certainly made sense.

First of all, Lao Gudong's considerable skill at shooting chalk. Back then, he had shot dead a Golden Core killer in the school office with a piece of chalk in order to protect Sun Rong. On the surface, it sounded like it was easy to do, but the most critical point was this chalk! An ordinary piece of chalk could never pierce a Golden Core cultivator's body unless it was enhanced to the max with some spell or technique.

Secondly, at the beginning of the semester, Wang Ling had discovered a memory that had been sealed away in Lao Gudong's mind, but he hadn't tried using forceful measures to unlock it for fear of damaging the man's brain. It was obvious that this sealed memory had something to do with Taoist Taotie's adopted son, Black Gauze.

And the last thing was that after the recent theory of history class, Guo Hao had seen with his own eyes Lao Gudong in the toilets looking at himself in the mirror with a face full of melancholy. It was obvious that he had been recalling his past appearance.

Now that Wang Ling knew his true identity, he was really incredibly curious to know what on earth this man, who had been widely recognized in cultivation history for his gorgeous looks, had gone through to become like this.

...

It was July 2nd, the tenth Sunday of the semester.

Ever since Father Wang had messed with the head of Kitchen Knife Sect, Jiang Haifu, at the school gate, it could be said that they had become pretty close after that. Jiang Haifu had taken two full days to finish reading Father Wang's old novel Let Go of that Wet Nurse , and was full of admiration for him. A lot of this in fact had to do with Jiang Haifu's limited education. Although Kitchen Knife Sect was doing pretty well now, as the person helming the sect, he had always longed for an education, and he highly revered educated people.

Although Father Wang had never graduated from Foundation Establishment middle school, he had been expanding his knowledge on all kinds of things while he had been holed up at home all these years. Even if he didn't know everything inside out, he at the very least possessed some knowledge on various subjects.

As a professional web novelist, the most important thing about his job was being able to bluff his readers... it could be said that Father Wang was very confident in this regard, and it was a piece of cake to sway an unsophisticated fellow like Jiang Haifu.

Two days ago, Father Wang had kept his word and sent the cigars to Jiang Haifu. While he had only sent two, Father Wang could imagine how the other man would definitely quiver with excitement at receiving them. After all, not everyone could whip these cigars out.

In return, Jiang Haifu had sent back ten quality black jade kitchen knives. These knives were made from first-class materials with the finest workmanship especially for restaurant kitchen master chefs; they were so sharp that they could cut through bone like mud. Even if they weren't used in the kitchen, they were also valuable as collector's items.

The ten kitchen knives had arrived just that morning. When Wang Ling came downstairs for breakfast, he saw the old man praising them lavishly as he held them in his hands.

Having worked in a kitchen for many years, the old man was actually very strict about the kind of knives he used; for him to commend them to this extent, their quality was evident!

"Nice knives! They're really good!"

The old man stroked the blade of one black jade knife and flicked his finger against it so that it pinged crisply.

Holding his coffee with two hands, Father Wang smiled. "As long as you like them, dad!"

"Mm." The old man nodded his head. "I've rarely seen this type of kitchen knives throughout my entire career. These are the kind of top quality goods you might only see once in a lifetime. Did you say that they're from Ling Ling's classmate's father?"

Father Wang sipped his coffee and nodded. "Yes, but they're not in the same class."

The old man laughed. "Then that's such a good relationship! Bring that kid and his father over next time, I want to compare my cooking skills with his father's!"

Father Wang couldn't help smiling. "Forget it, dad... He's the head of Kitchen Knife Sect, he would have at least several centuries' worth of experience."

Father Wang's words were actually pretty cryptic. Even Wang Ling felt that there was nothing to compare in this matter. Jiang Haifu's Kitchen Knife Sect had only existed for several hundred years, but looking at the scale of its growth, it was already a leading name in the food and beverage industry. The most important thing was that the Kikkaro Restaurant where the old man had worked before belonged to Kitchen Knife Sect. Father Wang found it funny when he thought about the retired old man wanting to compare cooking notes with his boss.

"What you said doesn't sound right." The old man narrowed his eyes and smiled as he waved his hands. "We'll just be comparing skills, not realms, and it'll just be for fun. I'm pretty confident in myself. Unless he's the best in the nation, even if he's a master chef, I can still win."

Father Wang: "Dad... sometimes, you need to be a little more modest. I tell you, if you really want to compete with that person, he'll definitely go easy on you."

The old man: "Before he comes, you can tell him that if he dares throw the match, I'll have Ling Ling's grandmother haunt him at night!"

Father Wang and Wang Ling: "..."

The old man had always had confidence in his culinary skills.

It was only chatting about it today that Father Wang realized that he actually knew very little about the old man's experiences as a chef when he had been younger; he only knew that his father had indeed reigned in Kikkaro Restaurant for a very long time back then. In the eyes of his similarly retired colleagues, the old man was a legend, the type that could turn into an idol to be worshiped.

"Alright... I'll let him know later and set a date."

Unable to talk the old man out of it, Father Wang in the end could only laugh and agree, treating it as giving the old man something fun to do in his retirement.

"Good! Let me know later when he'll be coming, Sheep and I will go buy the ingredients! I should also send my knife for maintenance." The old man was instantly pleased, and he took out a flat object from the box of knives which Jiang Bai's father had sent.

Only then did Father Wang and Wang Ling realize that the box had actually contained a gold voucher for one free kitchen knife maintenance service.

Wang Ling glanced at it out of the corner of his eye and saw, written at the top of the gold voucher, the words "Luo Chuang Metalware"... Instantly he exclaimed in his heart: The world is so damn small!





Chapter 335 A Decent Fatty Becomes Bent Just Like That


It was only later that Wang Ling would find out that Luo Chuang's metalware store and Kitchen Knife Sect had a close partnership. Kitchen Knife Sect's F&B business covered the entire country; they had more than one hundred establishments in Songhai city alone, and almost all their table knives had been bought from Luo Chuang.

Then, the old man assigned Wang Ling a task: to take his kitchen knife, preserved for many years, to Luo Chuang's metalware shop for maintenance. It just so happened that the Heavenly Materials sword which Wang Ling had given to Luo Chuang to research was still there, so he could also pick it up at the same time. In the process of making this sword, the Master of Immortal Mansion had happened to synthesize the material that could restrict Wang Ling's strength. Hence, Wang Ming had recommended that Wang Ling take it back as soon as possible and entrust it to him.

When he was about to leave, Wang Ling didn't forget to tuck the voucher for free maintenance into his pocket. Even though he didn't think Luo Chuang would ask him to pay, Wang Ling didn't like to owe people favors without good cause since relationships could change easily. Moreover, this fatty was a sly businessman; owing someone like him a favor often meant going bankrupt in the end...

Since he had already been to Luo Chuang's store once before, Wang Ling already roughly knew its location, so he could just teleport there directly.

When he appeared in the store, Luo Chuang was carefully inspecting an ancient jade with a wearable magnifying glass; he was utterly absorbed in it, his face suffused with a radiant pink blush. Only then did Wang Ling recall that apart from being a smith, Luo Chuang was also an antiques collector.

Looking at Luo Chuang's focused expression, the man most likely had dredged up some worthwhile treasure.

Wang Ling didn't disturb him, and just waited on one side. He had teleported in without a sound, and Luo Chuang hadn't noticed his presence in the slightest.

About ten minutes later, Luo Chuang picked the jade up with two fingers and held it up to the ceiling light as he lavished it with praise. "Nice! I really hit the jackpot this time! If only Ling Zhenren was here, he would definitely be interested in this."

Wang Ling: "..."

After another thirty seconds, Luo Chuang took off the wearable magnifying glass, and then saw Wang Ling standing in front of him with a kitchen knife in hand...

Luo Chuang: "..."

He was so frightened that all the hair on his body stood on end; who asked Wang Ling to be so good at concealing his aura? Luo Chuang hadn't sensed him at all — but when had Wang Ling arrived?

"Ling... Ling Zhenren, why are you here..." Luo Chuang asked. He wasn't in the mood to think about it as he wiped at his cold sweat and settled his nerves with great effort.

Wang Ling just silently gave him the gold voucher and the kitchen knife.

Luo Chuang instantly understood, and nodding, he accepted the kitchen knife. "Don't worry, Ling Zhenren, leave this knife to me. You get VIP service; I'll work around the clock tonight and send it to you in the morning tomorrow!"

"Mm." Wang Ling nodded with satisfaction.

Luo Chuang very carefully placed the knife in a magic weapons case. This case was also a type of storage space treasure, but unlike the others, there were a lot of smaller spaces inside. Luo Chuang used this case especially for the repair or maintenance of objects. Whether it was for one or the other, the object needed to be washed clean first, and this case actually had an in-built wash function.

After Luo Chuang placed the old man's knife in one of the spaces inside the case, Wang Ling saw him pour a scoop of gold powder into the case before locking it. Instantly, the sounds of a washing machine came out of the case...

Luo Chuang: "I designed this magic treasure case based on the washing machine! It's very useful! The only problem is that I forgot to include a noise reduction function when I designed it in the beginning."

Wang Ling: "..."

After putting away the kitchen knife, Luo Chuang patted his head as he suddenly remembered the Heavenly Materials sword. "That's right, I'll give you back the sword you left with me to analyze its material composition." After saying this, he opened the cabinet on the right and took the sword out; he had already wrapped the whole thing up. Wang Ling had been worried about the detrimental effect the sword substance would have on him, and he had let Luo Chuang know earlier on, which was why this Heavenly Materials sword was now wrapped up tightly like a mummy.

Are you done with your research? Wang Ling took the sword and asked telepathically.

Luo Chuang shook his palm-leaf fan and waved his hand. "Ever since meeting Lord Jingke, all the other spirit swords I've seen are invariably mediocre and dull. The materials used in this Heavenly Materials sword are indeed precious, and it even contains a substance I've never heard of before. But that's all there is to it... Furthermore, this sword doesn't have a sword spirit, and there is no meaning in researching a sword without one."

Wang Ling nodded in agreement with this view; that was true.

Once he mentioned Jingke, Luo Chuang turned starry-eyed, and even the way he spoke turned passionate. "A spirit sword must spawn a sword spirit to be deemed valuable. This sword spirit has to be stronger or cuter than Lord Jingke... otherwise it'll never catch my attention!""..."

Hearing this, Wang Ling sighed in his heart: A decent fatty had become bent just like that....

Wang Ling stored the Heavenly Materials sword in his vision field.

This instantly made Luo Chuang recall the scene of Wang Ling blowing up Immortal Mansion's spatial wall with his Heavenly Eye.

Ling Zhenren's Heavenly Eye had to be of a very high grade, right?

He didn't know exactly what level Wang Ling's Heavenly Eye was at. There actually hadn't been any clear-cut upper limits to the Heavenly Eye since ancient times. After opening the Heavenly Eye at the Soul Formation stage, cultivating it depended on two things: one was talent, the other was luck.

If Ling Zhenren looked at that jade with his Heavenly Eye, perhaps he could pick out something unusual about it!

At the thought of this, Luo Chuang abruptly came up with a bold idea.

Gazing at Wang Ling, he took out the ancient jade which he had been examining earlier and passed it to him. "Ling Zhenren, would it be possible for you to take a look at my ancient jade with your Heavenly Eye?"

What was this?

Wang Ling accepted the ancient jade, his brow knitted.

Luo Chuang: "I bought this with three immortal gold bars from the secondhand cultivation antiques mart. There's no middleman involved, so sellers keep all the profits and customers can save some money; the mart leads in trade volume by a mile 1 !"

1(This is adapted from the tagline for a secondhand car app ..) Wang Ling: "..."

Luo Chuang said truthfully, "The old man who was selling it didn't know anything, but I thought that this ancient jade was very unusual. After my cursory inspection just now, I think I might have discovered a heavenly fissure in it... I hope you'll be able to help me take a closer look."

Heavenly fissure?

Wang Ling was instantly startled when he picked up the jade... Was this thing a freaking fragment of the Xuanyuan Sword?





Chapter 336 Ai, Wait! Don't Go Offline!


Of course, Wang Ling was just kidding; he naturally knew what a heavenly fissure was. Precious stones which contained heavenly fissures were also called heavenly fissure stones. According to ancient texts, they were produced from the cremation of a True Immortal after his death, similar to the sarira pearls left behind after eminent monks were cremated. Heavenly fissure stones contained immense latent spirit potential; as long as one knew how to use it, a person didn't have to be at True Immortal level to be able to directly create nomological laws with it!

Heavenly fissure stones had been very rare since ancient times. Under normal circumstances, True Immortals in their final years of life usually wouldn't ask to be cremated and their ashes scattered in the ocean; True Immortals would usually think of a way to preserve their bodies in an auspicious and treasured place.

As long as they managed to endure the Samsara Calamity, they could return to their bodies, and after another two thousand years, they could strike for the next realm.

This was why under normal circumstances, True Immortals wouldn't choose to cremate their bodies and leave heavenly fissure stones behind.

The most direct way of appraising a heavenly fissure stone was to use the Heavenly Eye and check how many black fissures there were inside it. Each fissure represented a nomological law produced by the stone's owner during their lifetime. The more heavenly fissures there were, the more valuable the heavenly fissure stone was. However, mere mortals weren't able to see such minute fissures; only those who cultivated their Heavenly Eye to a particular level would be able to do it.

That was why Luo Chuang couldn't properly evaluate the jade even after examining it for so long; his Heavenly Eye was too weak, and even with all the appraisal magic treasures in his metalware store, he couldn't pick out heavenly fissures accurately.

Whether this ancient jade was something that had been washed up in the cultivation antiques mart or was a legendary heavenly fissure stone, Wang Ling wouldn't be able to tell for certain without his Heavenly Eye.

But if this was a genuine heavenly fissure stone, then Luo Chuang would have hit the jackpot.

Holding the jade, Wang Ling opened his Heavenly Eye, and his pupils instantly blossomed into three golden petals each.

Stunned, Luo Chuang could feel dense spirit energy pour out of the Heavenly Eye!

This vision power penetrated the jade, and it was as Luo Chuang had said; Wang Ling discovered a black fissure inside it.

Because of his vision power, Wang Ling could clearly see even the sawtooth pattern along the edges of the fissure. Suffused with the vision power, this long black fissure looked like a bottomless abyss when taken in all at once.

Wang Ling narrowed his eyes; he felt that with his vision power, he could directly infiltrate further and search the depths of the fissure.

In the next moment, the scene in front of him transformed into a blue sea and sky... he was actually on some unknown island!

Was this a fantasy realm?

Standing on the beach, Wang Ling felt the refreshing sea breeze caress his cheeks. He scooped up some sand, and as it ran through his fingers, he realized that this landscape was actually real.

In that case, it probably wasn't a fantasy realm. Wang Ling guessed that it was likely his vision power which had triggered this hidden space inside the heavenly fissure.

Vision power at the Soul Formation stage would never have been able to reach this space.

Wang Ling had the vague thought that someone had set the space up here deliberately.

While he was puzzling over this, he suddenly heard a gust of strong wind behind him. Stepping to one side, he saw that it was actually a coconut that had flown at him.

Dong !

It didn't smash into Wang Ling, and instead landed heavily in the sea with a mighty splash.

Looking in the direction that the coconut had been thrown from, Wang Ling saw an old man in white approach him slowly, a coconut in one hand.

"You could actually dodge this old man's secret weapon... looks like you're a formidable junior!" the old man exclaimed.

Wang Ling was taken aback. "..." So this coconut was a secret weapon? Were you kidding?! Why use a coconut? Even a piece of chalk was more reliable!

Who are you? Wang Ling gazed at the old man with narrowed eyes as he asked his question telepathically.

The coconut old man looked at him. "My surname is Pang and my name is Guang..."

Wang Ling: "...Pang ...Guang 1 ?"

1('Pang guang' translates to 'swollen bladder..') The coconut old man: "Don't be alarmed, I won't hurt you even though I'm a True Immortal."

Wang Ling: "..."

The coconut old man: "But even if I won't hurt you, you're too much!"

Wang Ling: "???"

The coconut old man: "Can't you show a little more astonishment when I say that I'm a True Immortal?"

Wang Ling: "..."

Seeing that Wang Ling's poker face hadn't changed from beginning to end, the coconut old man sighed and simply gave up. "Ai, whatever. I don't feel like arguing with a rude junior like you... But you should rejoice; you're the first person to come here since I set up this secret space in the heavenly fissure."

For some reason, Wang Ling didn't feel lucky at all when he heard this...

After a moment of silence, the coconut old man looked at Wang Ling and suddenly asked, "Little brother, do you know about the Samsara Calamity?"

Wang Ling frowned.

"Don't worry, I just want to tell you about it." The coconut old man laughed lightly. "The Samsara Calamity is the only way for a True Immortal to break through to a higher realm. But since ancient times, there have been very few people who have succeeded. There are also various types of calamities. True Immortals who want to undergo the calamity preserve their bodies, and their souls enter the Reincarnation Gate to endure the torture of the Thunder Calamity. Once their souls pass through the Reincarnation Gate and successfully return to their bodies, the Samsara Calamity is almost complete. Those who successfully overcome the calamity gain another two thousand years of life, which paves the way for them to aim for Venerable Immortal level.

"But few people know what the true essence of the Samsara Calamity is. With everyone going through the calamity, this old man chose the most difficult way. As long as I succeed here, I'll be able to directly transcend reincarnation and become a Venerable Immortal."

Wang Ling was suspicious but also a little curious.

"Destroy in order to build — I deliberately incinerated my own body and entrusted someone with refining my soul and sealing it in this heavenly fissure. There will come a day when the fated person will appear in this heavenly fissure and who will set up nine thousand nine hundred and eighty-one statues, and recruit ninety-nine thousand nine hundred and eighty-one disciples on my behalf — that is when I will have passed through my Samsara Calamity!"

Speaking up to this point, the coconut old man looked excited. He tossed the coconut aside and grasped Wang Ling's hands. "Little brother, you are that fated person!"

Wang Ling: "..."

The coconut old man laughed loudly. "When I advance to Venerable Immortal level, you will be my inheriting disciple!"

His expression full of distaste, Wang Ling pulled his hand back and sighed... Where had this idiot come from? What a real pain in the ass!

The coconut old man fixed his burning gaze on Wang Ling. "If you don't agree, I won't let you out! You can cry until you grow hoarse, no one will come to save you!"

However, he regretted the words as soon as he said them...

Because he realized that Wang Ling's figure was gradually becoming transparent.

What?! This was a space he had set up himself; how could a junior escape it so easily?

He watched as Wang Ling turned transparent, and just before he disappeared, the old man let out a petrified shout. "Shit! Little... little brother, wait! Don't go offline! We have a lot of things to talk about! Listen to me..."





Chapter 337 No Zuo No Die0


0('Zuo' means 'do,' so the phrase reads as 'no do, no die,' and means that as long as you don't do something dumb, it won't come back to haunt you.) Like the coconut old man had said, there were various ways to undergo the Samsara Calamity, and many of the souls that entered the Reincarnation Gate went the conventional route with the Thunder Calamity. Naturally, it carried the least risk. While it was painful, it was still better than some other peculiar ways... like the coconut old man setting up this space in the heavenly fissure, waiting for a disciple to come here before the person went on to build statues of him all over the world; he might as well wait until hell froze over.

Leaving the space, Wang Ling recalled his Heavenly Eye and tossed the ancient jade to Luo Chuang.

Luo Chuang stared at him expectantly. "Ling Zhenren, is it real?"Wang Ling nodded his head.

Luo Chuang had indeed discovered treasure.

Wang Ling hadn't had a lot of time, so he hadn't been able to determine what kind of nomological law was contained inside the heavenly fissure stone. Hearing Wang Ling's reply, Luo Chuang's smile grew as wide as Vileplume's. "I can't believe that this thing I simply bought would turn out to be such a treasure!"

Luo Chuang was naturally happy, while Wang Ling wasn't happy in the slightest... He had just wanted to help the other man verify whether the heavenly fissure stone was genuine or not. Who would have ever thought that there would actually be a sealed True Immortal space inside. While that coconut old man didn't look like he was a bad person, Wang Ling didn't want to have anything to do with someone like that at all.

Actually, this was the beginning of Wang Ling's doomed fate...

A heavenly fissure stone contained boundless spirit potential. For those who could harness it, it would be equal to possessing the strength of a True Immortal. Also, the stone could help a person advance in realms; it was a priceless treasure that was hard to come by. But a priceless treasure usually led to the misfortune of being killed.

Wang Ling lowered his eyes and gave Luo Chuang a meaningful glance as a sign of caution; this could be considered a kind reminder.

Luo Chuang immediately understood.

Putting the heavenly fissure stone away properly, he smiled widely. "Ling Zhenren, rest assured, I have no need of this ancient jade at this time; at the most, it's just a collector's item."

Wang Ling nodded his head and straightaway turned around. Luo Chuang saw his body turn transparent, and then directly disappear in front of him.

He couldn't help exclaiming with admiration in his heart at this scene.

This was probably the legendary teleportation spell, right?

His heart was full of envy; Ling Zhenren's realm was truly too high... Even if Luo Chuang devoted all his time to chasing him, he probably still wouldn't be able to catch up even after several thousand years.

...

Back home, Wang Ling lay on his bed and thought about that coconut old man from earlier.

He never thought that there were actually people in this world persistently chasing after the Venerated Immortal realm. For most people, this was an unreal level, and there were very few ancient texts that described the individuals who had attained this realm. The only one that was recorded to some extent was the legendary Immortal Zhenyuan. The rumor was that he was a Venerated Immortal, but in fact, there was no basis to this rumor, and no way to verify it in the texts.

Wang Ling clenched his fist. The purpose of the talisman seal stuck on his arm was to better control his aura and suppress his spirit energy so that he could live a normal life. When he needed to, he could still wield an astonishing amount of power. For example, when he had shut the Gate Between Worlds with one hand, he remembered that he had already released power on par with the level of a True Immortal without needing to remove the seal.

Then, if he were ever to remove this seal... even Wang Ling himself didn't know what would happen.

After lying on his bed for a while, Wang Ling's eyelids suddenly twitched violently and he actually felt a little sleepy. That was strange - since young he had always had one shortcoming, and that was that he didn't like to sleep. He could even count the number of times he had ever felt sleepy in his entire life on his fingers.

...Had he consumed too much energy when he had used the Heavenly Eye earlier?

He didn't know that using the Heavenly Eye to examine a heavenly fissure would actually consume so much vision power. But after thinking it through, Wang Ling felt that that shouldn't have been enough to make him sleepy. Instead, the most likely reason was the amount of vision power that had been consumed when he had used the Heavenly Eye to leave that old man's space.

In that island space back then, he remembered the coconut old man solemnly vowing that Wang Ling would never be able to leave the space.

Unfortunately for the coconut old man, that wasn't something for him to decide.

Wang Ling had initially planned to do a light review for the next class after delivering the old man's kitchen knife to Luo Chuang for maintenance. But given his sleepiness now, he didn't want to move, and he stuck to his bed like cotton candy. Staring at his desk a few meters away, he stretched out one hand, but it slowly dropped down...

Maybe this was the legendary "Cancer of Laziness."

Forget it... sleep for a bit, he could do the review later.

Looking at his study table, Wang Ling had already given up resisting.

Before he closed his eyes, he sent a message on his watch to Wang Ming.

He had retrieved the Heavenly Materials sword from Luo Chuang; Wang Ling felt that it was still safer for Wang Ming to come get the sword himself rather than rely on express delivery, even with insurance. Given the materials contained in the Heavenly Materials sword, if the delivery company really lost it, selling off the entire company still wouldn't be able to compensate for it.

After writing up the message and sending it off, Wang Ling turned onto his side on the bed and slowly closed his slightly aching eyes.

Wang Ling seldom dreamed; under normal circumstances, he wouldn't dream when he slept, though he would occasionally have precognitive dreams.

After four minutes or so, he could confirm that he had entered dreamland...

In front of him was a boundless ocean, and he was actually standing on an island...

Wait a minute...

There was something familiar about this scene!

The corners of Wang Ling's mouth twitched. Turning around resolutely to look behind him, he happened to see that coconut old man from before, gazing at him with a crafty smile. "Hehehe! Little brother, I told you, you can't escape!"

Wang Ling: "..."

The coconut old man said proudly, "I already set up a soul binding agreement in this space earlier on. The first person to enter this space will automatically form a contract with me. From now on, whenever you dream, you'll dream of me! Isn't that nice? Exciting? Amazing?"

...

In the next moment, Wang Ling woke up with a start.

Was it because he hadn't slept for so long that his sleeping pattern had been thrown off?

He looked at the time and realized that despite being in the dream for such a short time, he had actually slept for twenty whole minutes.

What kind of feeling was this...

If Wang Ling had to describe it, it was like being startled awake on your deathbed after holding your girlfriend, only to realize that she had a third leg 1 ...

1(The phrase 'startled awake on your deathbed' is taken from a poem, and has turned into a meme where online users add their own silly or funny phrases to complete the sentence ..)





Chapter 338 The Reason for Father Wang Dragging His Feet


Wang Ling thought he had had a nightmare because it had been a very long time since he had last slept.

He closed his eyes and inspected his body inwardly; even after checking his soul inside out, he couldn't find that soul contract which the coconut old man had mentioned.

So... maybe he was just overthinking it?

Wang Ling breathed a sigh of relief; actually, if what the coconut old man in his dream had said was true, he should have felt the soul binding take effect as soon as he had entered the space.

Although his life was now a little turbulent, he could so far still accept the overall situation. Currently, it was too early for him to come into contact with Venerated Immortals; Wang Ling didn't want to become entangled with some random person, much less have anything to do with the so-called old seniors in the cultivation circle - that would only bring him even more trouble.

Frowning, he raised one hand, and his room window opened.

What was supposed to be a pleasant weekend had in the end been screwed up by that coconut old man, making Wang Ling feel somewhat distracted.

As the cool breeze from the window caressed his cheeks, his restless and agitated heart calmed down a little.

...

After reviewing his classwork for a bit upstairs, Wang Ling closed the textbook. Through the window, he saw the old man and Mother Wang go out on Sheep. Mother Wang was holding Er Ha as she sat in the back of the tricycle while the old man pedaled. It looked like they were going to buy groceries while at the same time take Er Ha out for a ride.

Cupping his chin at his desk, Wang Ling watched the old man ride the tricycle off into the distance on East Huang Road. When they were tens of meters away from the Wang family's small villa, he actually saw Er Ha pull down the corners of its eyes with its claws as it made a face at him, making Wang Ling's own face twitch... He truly felt that Er Ha's life was far more comfortable than his own!

Skimming through the website, Wang Ling saw that the comments section for The Live Streaming Life of the Immortal King was full of complaints, as expected.

Book friend "Newbie Is Too Much": Is Guru Wang Situ updating today or not? Tell us if you aren't, waiting for updates is too painful! Book friend "Wounds/Dream Of War": Shock! Some particular web novelist actually hasn't updated so far. Is this warped morality or a lack of humanity behind this? Book friend "Golden July": Previously, I was following a book by an author called Three Days and Two Nights. Now I've realized that this author I'm following has become Three Days and Two Updates... Uncle Wang Situ, you must hold on! Book friend "Lock The Writer In A Small Dark Room To Type": Everyone, be mindful of your behavior! Scolding others is not the right way! In my opinion, why don't we find two individuals to wait outside the front door of the author's house, and when he comes out, put him in a sack and "execute" him! Book friend "GGsbada": Is it going to be only one update a day from now on... OH! NO! ...

Wang Ling: "..."

Wang Ling's impression of Father Wang was that he wasn't someone who would often drag his feet. Furthermore, from his general understanding of Father Wang's rules for novel updates after all these years, there usually wouldn't be a delay or break in them.

However, when Father Wang burst with inspiration and finished writing a week's worth of drafts in the space of one day, it was possible for him to exhaust all of it after that. The bottom line was that Father Wang was just an ordinary person, and inspiration was an abstract thing that couldn't just be conjured up whenever you liked. After an explosion of inspiration, Father Wang would without fail sink into a state where his brain felt like it was empty.

There were times when you really couldn't rush writing.

Sometimes, the more you wanted to write, the more aware you became of how empty your mind was when you tried to put pen to paper.

Quantity or quality: this was a problem which many writers faced.

After all, you couldn't have your cake and eat it too.

So when Wang Ling went downstairs, he saw Father Wang leaning back against the sofa with a hopeless expression, his hands under his head as he smoked. Father Wang's normal method of looking for inspiration was to watch the live streams of female broadcast hosts, but his favorite female host Little Xuan wasn't online at the moment, which made him especially twitchy.

Seeing that Wang Ling had come downstairs, he turned his head slightly to look at him, then patted the sofa. "Ling Ling, come and sit!"

Wang Ling knew that this was Father Wang's second main method for finding inspiration, and that was to frantically look for people to chat with him.

Usually, it would be Mother Wang who would accompany him in this role, but now that she had gone shopping with the old man, Wang Ling was once again surprised to realize that he had actually become the "fallback guy"!

"Little Ming is coming over tonight, so your mother and grandfather went out grocery shopping." Father Wang flicked away the ash from his cigarette as he spoke to Wang Ling.

Wang Ling replied obligingly with a "Mm."

During the sporadic times that Father Wang lost his inspiration, even his expression was different; it was full of dejection, which made Wang Ling feel a little unsettled.

Father Wang cast a sidelong glance at him. The corners of his mouth instantly couldn't help twitching when he realized that Wang Ling was sitting two spots away from him. "This kid... why are you sitting so far away from me?"

Wang Ling: "..."

Father Wang then directly stretched out his hand to pull Wang Ling in to lean against him. "You stuck to me so much when you were younger; have you forgotten that?"

Wang Ling took a deep breath and decided not to argue. "..." The most vivid impression he had of his childhood was probably Father Wang's mustache; this thing was really unbearably prickly.

Suddenly speaking of when Wang Ling had been young, Father Wang seemed to be remembering a lot of stories, and he couldn't help smiling. "Do you know? Your mother actually wrote novels before."

Wang Ling looked at him curiously. "Huh?"

Father Wang: "We were childhood friends, so I'm crystal clear on what she likes to do. When she was young, she actually published a book, and her writing was pretty good! At that time, many publishing houses got in touch with her to write a sequel. She had even drafted the main outline and had decided to start anew with a different pen name... but in the end she became pregnant with you."

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 339 Stay There and Don't Move


"Afterwards, she discussed it with me, and she stopped writing in order to become a full-time housewife to take care of you." Father Wang was still leaning against the sofa with a cigarette in his mouth, but the gloom in his eyes had already disappeared, replaced with the happiness of recalling beautiful memories.

After thinking about it carefully, Wang Ling felt that this was the first time he had heard his dad talk about the past. He had also never expected Mother Wang to have written novels before he had been born; furthermore, it seemed that her writing had been pretty good.

What's the book called?

Curious, he couldn't help asking the question telepathically.

Father Wang cupped his chin and thought for a moment. "Back then, your mom's pen name was One Man One Dick. She wrote a cultivation romance light novel called Half-Immortal Summer Lady which was published."

Wang Ling: "..."

"Unexpectedly, this book sold well after it was published, but many readers wrote to the publishing house to complain about her pen name. After that, your mom decided to change to a new one before she started writing her new book. But even after she had finished writing her main outline, she wouldn't tell me what her new pen name was going to be. It was supposedly going to be a novel about the cultivation world, and I looked forward to it for a very long time."

When he said that, Father Wang ground his cigarette butt into the ashtray and couldn't help smiling. "I reckon if you ask Little Ming about this, he might know."

Wang Ling: "???"

Father Wang: "Do you know what a time capsule is? When your mom decided to put her writing away, she sealed all her drafts in a capsule and gave it to Little Ming. At that time, the papers your mom wrote her drafts on were very rough in texture, and Little Ming said this method could prevent them from becoming damaged. I'm guessing that when he picked up the drafts and outline then, he probably read them."

Hearing this, Wang Ling couldn't help twitching his lips. If other people couldn't resist reading them, then Wang Ming... indeed, he would probably do it. Furthermore, Wang Ming actually enjoyed reading novels. He couldn't cultivate, but he would frequently imitate the plot of a cultivation novel and end up doing something mad.

Wang Ling's curiosity was aroused again. Wang Ming was coming by later anyway; he just had to pull him upstairs later and ask him about it. Wang Ling really wanted to know what that unfinished work was like.

Father Wang had yet to update his novel today, so it was easy for Wang Ling to guess that Lie Mengmeng was most likely here to prompt him to do so.

"Hi! Wang Ling! You're home!" Lie Mengmeng grinned as he greeted him, but his face instantly turned gloomy as he stared helplessly at Father Wang. "Brother Wang... why haven't you posted an update today? Don't you already have a lot of drafts on hand?"

Father Wang sipped unhurriedly on his coffee and answered, "Mm, I've used all of them up."

The corners of Lie Mengmeng's mouth twitched. "I recall there were two hundred thousand existing words."

Father Wang: "Mm, all used up."

Lie Mengmeng: "..."

Lie Mengmeng buried his face in his hands. "Brother Wang, control yourself! Finishing too quickly isn't nice!"

Father Wang and Wang Ling: "..."

Lie Mengmeng: "Go upstairs, I'll help you sort out the rest of the plot."

Father Wang shook his head. "It doesn't have to do with the plot this time. There's a new character in the novel, but I'm not sure how to depict this person. The best would be to find someone to act it out; I've already prepared all the stage props."

"New character?" Lie Mengmeng rested his chin on his clasped hands as he gave it some thought, and after a while, he nodded. "Then I'll be the one to act it out for you as usual. What's the character's style?"

Father Wang: "A gothic Lolita."

Lie Mengmeng smiled. "No big deal, it's just cross-dressing, and it wouldn't be my first time anyway."

Wang Ling: "..."

Father Wang: "There's candle wax involved!"

"..."

Father Wang: "I want the most realistic reactions! Only in this way will readers feel its authenticity!"

Tears welled up in Lie Mengmeng's eyes. "Come on then! I'm prepared to sacrifice myself for the organization!"

Wang Ling: "..."

So... what on earth kind of PLAY was this?

...

Wang Ming came early in the afternoon even before the old man and Mother Wang had come back from buying groceries. When Wang Ling opened the door, he saw Wang Ming standing there with a depressed expression, Zhai Yin close behind him.

Last time, Wang Ling had locked Zhai Yin outside because Mother Wang and the old man had happened to be cooking inside at the time, and thus hadn't seen him. But now that they had yet to come back, leaving Zhai Yin standing outside the door wouldn't be too good, so he grudgingly let him in.

To be exact, this was Wang Ling and Zhai Yin's second time meeting face to face.

In some sense, Wang Ming thought that they were pretty similar: they had the same facial paralysis. The difference was that Wang Ling had been born with his, while Zhai Yin's poker face was probably a result of being disillusioned by his life experiences.

After he had sent Wang Ming back the last time, Zhai Yin had actually started to secretly investigate Wang Ling, but most unfortunately, everything he had checked out was all covered in mosaic tiles.

This time, Wang Ling had directly let him in, naturally because he had his own reasons. Once Wang Ming stepped inside, Wang Ling fixed his eyes on Zhai Yin behind him.

This gaze straightaway froze Zhai Yin in place.

However weathered a veteran he was, this deeply imposing manner frightened Zhai Yin into breaking out in a cold sweat. It felt like some tremendous pressure welling up from the depths of the soul.

It was very obvious that this was a warning.

Wang Ming pulled Wang Ling behind him and stared at Zhai Yin. "I don't care if you follow me around outside, but this is my younger brother's home, and it's also like my own. If you dare cause trouble here, I'll have President Qi dismiss you."

Zhai Yin's eyes turned deep with emotion. "Try if you can."

Wang Ming crossed his arms and sighed. He forgot that this guy might be persuaded but couldn't be forced!

Then Wang Ming simply stretched out his hand and tugged Zhai Yin to the sofa in the living room. "Sit down! You can watch TV or sit here and cultivate, it's up to you."

After saying that, he suddenly smiled craftily to himself as he looked at Zhai Yin. "Stay there and don't move, I'll go get you a tangerine 1 !"

1(This is adapted from a famous line in the well-known short story 'Retreating Figure' by writer Zhu Ziqing ..) Wang Ling: "..."

"?" Before Zhai Yin could react, the two brothers had already swiftly gone upstairs.





Chapter 340 Magnificent Immortal's Depository of Buddhist Texts


Spending time with Zhai Yin felt like being possessed by a ghost... another way to put it was that this Zhai Yin was harder to deal with than a ghost. Now that Wang Ling had given him a warning in the Wang family's small villa, he didn't follow them upstairs. But in fact, after leaving the villa the last time, Wang Ming had personally raised the issue with President Qi. If it hadn't been for President Qi's directive, it was likely that Zhai Yin might have continued to be bull-headed about following Wang Ming everywhere.

As soon as they got back to the room on the second floor, Wang Ming flopped onto the bed as if it was his own; he truly felt utterly drained.

The most troublesome part was that Zhai Yin wasn't afraid of Wang Ming complaining about him to President Qi at all; this was obvious in his attitude after he had entered the villa. When all was said and done, it was President Qi who had roped him in with much difficulty, and he couldn't just dismiss Zhai Yin at will. At most, Wang Ming could only submit his complaints.

This was the so-called "easy to invite a spirit in, but difficult to get rid of them."

Of course, there were a lot of complicated factors involved. One of them was that Wang Ming was someone under state protection, so in theory he couldn't reject whoever they had arranged to protect him. As a state researcher, he couldn't get away from Zhai Yin's "protection," not even when he was just doing everyday research. That feeling of being stared at all the time was truly painful.

"Ling Ling! I want to die!"

Wang Ming grumbled on the bed. "Do you know, this guy is from the Magnificent Immortal Special Army Brigade."

Wang Ling's expression couldn't help twitching at this name. Since encountering Number 60 High School's school guard Old Li, he had privately started to find out about the structure of the national special combat forces. The Magnificent Immortal Special Army Brigade stood on top of all these special forces and was a leader's division that had direct jurisdiction over many special forces. Compared with the Magnificent Immortal Special Army Brigade, Old Li's Seven Stars was just a small branch.

Anyone who came out of Magnificent Immortal was an expert with strength that was definitely not ordinary.

"Now you probably know the reason why President Qi pulled him in and can't dismiss him so easily, right?" Wang Ming looked at Wang Ling and sighed helplessly. "Also, this guy has a special identity..."

Wang Ling: "?"

"Magnificent Immortal has the largest depository of Buddhist texts in the whole of Huaxiu nation. It has many secret martial arts manuscripts that have been handed down since ancient times. In order to safeguard this depository back then, the country established a special force to guard it round the clock. That was the beginning of this Magnificent Immortal," Wang Ming said. "Do you know the sweeper high monk 1 ?"

1(Adapted from a character in the Chinese series 'Demi-Gods and Semi-Devils' who maintains the Shaolin Sect's library ..) "..." Wang Ling nodded.

"This guy's identity is similar to the high monk's; he used to watch the depository, and his position was like that of a librarian. What kind of idiot would let themselves be dragged over here by Old Qi..."

Wang Ling: "..."

...

Perhaps it was because he had been tormented relentlessly by Zhai Yin during this period, but Wang Ming spent half an hour upstairs venting his pain before he was able to release the stifling grievances in his heart. He knew that Wang Ling's bedroom had a soundproof barrier, thus he completely wasn't afraid of Zhai Yin hearing him.

It had been pretty good when no one had followed him around before, but now that Zhai Yin was always with him, even checking his phone messages from time to time, it really got on Wang Ming's nerves.

But even though he was spouting all these complaints, Wang Ling actually knew that Wang Ming had his own motives.

Since he couldn't drive Zhai Yin away, he would make full use of him. Apart from protecting Wang Ming, there was actually another large potential that could be exploited here... In some sense, Wang Ming thought that Zhai Yin's brain was also a fine rarity which wouldn't lose out to his most powerful brain. After all, Zhai Yin had been at the depository of Buddhist texts for hundreds of years - his whole being was now a walking depository!

Wang Ming: "Ling... given the huge amount of knowledge Zhai Yin has, do you think there are any records in the depository that might help me to cultivate?"

Wang Ling's lips twitched. "..."

What crazy thoughts was this guy having...

Since young, Wang Ming had been unable to cultivate because of his physique, which wasn't something that could be changed easily. Of course, if he really wanted to cultivate, it wasn't like he couldn't. Wang Ling knew a forbidden spell which involved an equivalent exchange. However, Wang Ming's most valuable asset was his brain - exchanging it for the chance to cultivate... in Wang Ling's eyes, this would be an utterly stupid trade.

If you didn't even have your brain, what kind of freaking cultivation could you do?!

"There are a lot of things inside Magnificent Immortal's depository which you would never have heard of or seen before. Who knows, it may have a technique to help you contain your aura so that you won't need to use the talisman seal anymore!"

Wang Ming cupped his chin and looked at Wang Ling seriously. "Ling, how about you knock Zhai Yin out, then I can cut his head open to study his brain?"

Wang Ling: "..." Who on earth would consider this scary thought so seriously...

Ignoring Wang Ming's wild imagination, Wang Ling directly opened his Heavenly Eye and took out the Heavenly Materials sword from his vision field to give to Wang Ming.

Wang Ming patted his head. It wasn't until he saw this sword that he remembered his real business!

"I'll take this sword back and study it." Wang Ming nodded his head as he put it in his storage ring. The ring was charged with spirit energy, otherwise Wang Ming, who lacked spirit energy, wouldn't be able to operate the the storage space at all. When the ring ran out of spirit energy, he would recharge it; a full charge could last up to roughly a week.

This was Wang Ming's specialty: researching and inventing cultivation magic treasures which were fused with black technology.

"Oh, that's right; Lingzi, I have something to give you."

He took out an egg-sized object the size of his palm from the storage ring and handed it to Wang Ling.

"You probably don't know, but this is auntie's time capsule. Before you were born, all of auntie's novel drafts were placed in this capsule. At that time, uncle and auntie asked me to store them, so I took them back to my lab and created a time capsule." Speaking up to this point, Wang Ming looked embarrassed. "However, there was a small accident at the time..."

"?" Wang Ling had a puzzled expression on his face as he held the capsule in his hand.

"Back then, when General Yi was pursuing the old devil, he planned to activate the power of the Stone Gate and send the surveillance chip which I'd developed back into the past. But before that, that bunch of people decided to test it out first with something else."

Wang Ling: "..."

When he said this, Wang Ming covered his face helplessly. "I don't know which dumbass then sent this time capsule back into the past - it was only sent back here recently..."

Wang Ling: "..."

Wang Ming: "So, I think it's still better if you hold on to it."

Wang Ling: "..."

Wang Ming had felt apprehensive the entire time that the time capsule had been missing; now that he had delivered it back into Wang Ling's hands, he could finally sigh in relief.

"Oh, that's right, that unpublished novel which auntie had been working on under her new pen name before she stopped writing is also inside the capsule. If you're interested, you can take a look, it's pretty good!" Wang Ming sat cross-legged on the bed as he looked at Wang Ling and said excitedly, "Also, her new pen name was pretty impressive!"

What was it? Wang Ling asked.

Wang Ming: "Numinous Mother with the Magic Hands!"

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 341 Fruit


That night, Wang Ling read all the novel drafts that were inside the time capsule.

Mm... it was indeed Mother Wang who had written about the One Thousand Years of Death which Killer Taoist had mentioned before. It was a main setup in her unpublished novel, and was one of the minor techniques taught by a killer clan.

After confirming Mother Wang's identity, Wang Ling's brain short-circuited that night.

He had to acknowledge the terrifying truth that his mother, his biological mother who had raised him, had in one night actually transformed from an ordinary housewife of an ordinary household into a great ancestor in the world of killers!

Wang Ling didn't tell Wang Ming about this - it was so shocking that even Wang Ling was taking a while to digest the fact.

Above all, the most painful thing about the entire matter was that Mother Wang was utterly unaware that the main setup in her novel had actually had such a profound influence on the rise of the current world of killers...

...

It was July 3rd on the eleventh Monday of the semester.

Wang Ling hadn't completely absorbed what he had learned last night when a terrible thing happened in the school circle at noon that day.

It had happened at Shenye High School, which was close to Number 60 High School. The school had been established through investments from Xiao clan shareholders, and a lot of Xiao clan outer sect disciples attended God Vision. In the survival contest back then during the combined military training for the six schools, Wang Ling had traded blows with the Xiao clan's number one outer sect disciple, Xiao Yuncheng.

And this incident revolved around him.

According to informant Guo Hao, during the PE class at noon in Shenye High School, Xiao Yuncheng had clashed with the PE teacher. Everyone had thought that Xiao Yuncheng was going to get it, but the outcome was out of their expectations.

As the PE teacher had lunged at Xiao Yuncheng, the latter had turned his hand over and sent this Golden Core teacher flying!

According to Xiao Yuncheng's account after that, he actually hadn't used a lot of strength at the time, yet the result had been overwhelming! With a simple defensive push, he had sent this PE teacher flying several dozen meters; most crucially, the teacher had sustained internal injuries!

Everyone in class who heard this all had shaken expressions on their faces.

In most people's minds, no matter how outstanding a Foundation Establishment student was in all respects, there was no way they could hurt a Golden Core teacher!

Furthermore, Shenye High School was strict and their teachers were top-notch; even the PE teachers were the cream of the crop that had been very carefully selected. So how could a student win over a Golden Core teacher?

At first, many people who heard this thought it was a rumor, but very quickly, a video started doing the rounds on Tieba, QQ zone and WeChat Moments.

It was from Shenye High School's surveillance camera on the sports field, which had clearly recorded everything that had happened. It was probably some God Vision teacher who had carelessly shared it with friends or relatives, and it had gone viral online in a flash.

Once it reached Guo Hao, he had been quick-witted enough to make a copy. Later, a lot of people discovered that the original video had been deleted.

"What on earth happened?"

Su Xiao was still a little skeptical after watching the video.

The division between the Foundation Establishment stage and the Golden Core stage might seem like a minor gap, but for many people, it was an insurmountable barrier in realms.

Thus, a lot of people couldn't help trembling when they thought about this. "This can't be real, right? Although our Teacher Ye isn't that powerful among the PE teachers, he is still at the Golden Core stage... I can't imagine that any student in our school would be able to beat him up."

Hearing this view, the corners of Wang Ling's mouth couldn't help twitching. "..." Did Teacher Ye offend you until you have to talk bad about him behind his back like this...

However, it was true that Teacher Ye indeed wasn't strong.

During their noon break, this topic once again exploded in class.

How could a Foundation Establishment student send a Golden Core teacher flying - this was the magical question.

"Is it because he ate Shuigou Sect's fruit?" Some clever person remembered the previous Shuigou Sect incident, and Guo Hao had once said in the class group chat over the weekend that those twelve missing students had been forced to eat some type of fruit and had been imprisoned for several days before they were released.

Xiao Yuncheng had been among those twelve missing students.

Combined with the information from Killer Taoist when he had dropped by the villa, Wang Ling could basically confirm that Xiao Yuncheng's sudden superhuman strength had definitely been because of that fruit. Given the way things stood, the situation wasn't reassuring - one push had been strong enough to send a Golden Core cultivator flying and even cause him internal injury; even the Taichi Push Palm wasn't that amazing.

At the very least, this showed that after being ingested by Xiao Yuncheng and the other students, the fruit was already starting to produce immense amounts of energy. Once it reached a saturation point, these students would be unable to bear it any longer, and their bodies would explode.

This was the "spirit explosion" which Killer Taoist had specially mentioned.

Head down, Wang Ling contemplated this.

The national soccer team... er... these students clearly didn't have much time left.

...

As a result, Shuigou Sect and the matter of these twelve missing students became the hot topic in the afternoon once again. Furthermore, after the incident with Xiao Yuncheng, the rest of the students that had been taken by Shuigou Sect previously were all examined one by one, and they were all found to have reached the late Golden Core stage! Moreover, their strength was still increasing at a steady rate!

When word of this got out, Wang Ling could already hear plenty of envious and discontented voices in the school.

"It turns out cultivation is actually that easy nowadays!"

"Nowadays, you can eat fruit and your strength will shoot up! Come catch me, please! I also want to be a fruit user!"

Before school was over for the day, Wang Ling already saw a lot of students on Tieba enviously or mockingly ask Shuigou Sect to take them away to eat fruit and transform their bodies.

Even top students in the school couldn't avoid being swept with emotion, let alone those students who normally weren't as good as them. Ultimately, this trend could be traced back to the stone ghost mask back then, when countless cultivators had listened to the rumors and had chased madly after the mask for the sake of inheriting the so-called Taoist principles and taking a cultivation shortcut.

But did a shortcut in cultivation truly exist?

...

When Wang Ling returned home that night, he received a rare express delivery.

It was from an anonymous sender.

When he opened it, he saw that it actually contained a fiery red fruit.

He narrowed his eyes, then quickly opened the class group chat.

As he had expected, other students from class had sent photos to the chat, saying that they had received the fruit. More and more people started to text the same thing. Based on this situation, Wang Ling guessed that every single student in Number 60 High School had received one.

He now knew the reason why Shuigou Sect hadn't made a move against Number 60 High School.

In the end, they had been waiting for the right opportunity to mass produce fruit users in Number 60 High School...





Chapter 342 Abbot Zhihu's Life Philosophy


It was a very long road from the Foundation Establishment stage to the Golden Core stage.

If one day you had this type of opportunity in front of you: you just needed to eat this one fruit and your strength would gradually increase. In a few short days, you would obtain superhuman power and transcend the Golden Core stage in one go, maybe even level up to a higher realm... this fruit then, would you eat it or not?

If people knew that there weren't any risks in doing so, Wang Ling felt that most of them would choose to eat it without a second thought. At the moment, however, no one knew what side effects the fruit might produce.

Perhaps there were some students who would eat it, but scrolling through the group chat records, most of the people in class were for the moment actually staying rational.

They weren't affected by what had happened today when Xiao Yuncheng had exploded with power and sent his Golden Core teacher flying.

There were no shortcuts in cultivation.

Likewise, meat pies didn't drop from the sky for free.

This couldn't be considered a mistake on Shuigou Sect's part. While the majority of students remained rational, there would definitely still be students who would choose to eat the fruit. For Shuigou Sect, as long as even one student in Number 60 High School ate the fruit, their plan could be considered a success.

This incident quickly fermented alarm that night, rousing the entire media circus.

Because they didn't know whether there was anything wrong with the fruit, the General Administration of 100 Schools instantly issued a notification that night requesting that the teachers of Number 60 High School work together to go from house to house to collect the fruits. Students who had already eaten the fruit should then be sent to the hospital for an overall checkup.

Wang Ling was scrolling through all types of opinions online when he noticed a post in Lord Thunder's cultivation forum.

Question: How should you view the matter of Number 60 High School receiving fruits from Shuigou Sect? Does a shortcut in cultivation truly exist? Is this considered a cheat?

The person who had responded was a very knowledgeable and experienced commenter in the forum, Abbot Zhihu.

Back when the chat group had been first established, Lord Thunder had in fact personally issued an invite to this abbot, but the abbot had turned it down.

According to Lord Thunder, the abbot was a wise man who had abandoned the ways of the world. He disdained being reliant on information technology like the chat group as a way of making connections with people. What he pursued was the connection between souls and minds! That was why he would often appear in major posts in the cultivation discussion forum where he would resolve the people's spiritual bewilderment.

This question had been posted by an online user at six in the evening on the cultivation forum, and Abbot Zhihu had responded fairly quickly; he had recorded a short video which he swiftly uploaded in the replies section of the original post.

In the video, he unfolded and held up a scroll, which actually depicted a well-known landscape painting.

Wang Ling could clearly see the old verse written at the top: While picking chrysanthemums beneath the Eastern fence, My gaze upon the Southern mountain rests. Then, Abbot Zhihu hung the picture scroll up on the wall.

Viewers could send bullet messages while they watched the video, and at this point, many of them couldn't help sending out string after string of messages.

"Does anyone know why Abbot Zhihu is showing us this scroll?"

"Perhaps the answer is hidden in the chrysanthemums in the scroll?"

"Hm... Is the abbot telling us that if we're discussing so-called cultivation shortcuts, we might as well admire the landscape instead? Maybe then we will be able to appreciate universal truths!"

As the bullet messages flew across the screen, Wang Ling then saw Abbot Zhihu actually open his right hand, and in the next instant, a boundless golden light glowed beneath his Buddhist robes!

Someone sent another bullet message: "Damn! This is Abbot Zhihu's specialty, the Sun Vajra Palm!"

The rumor was that when he used this palm technique, it would produce intense light like the bright sun, hence the name!

It caught everyone by surprise, and it was too much for many people to take in. They all saw a bright glare in the video, and then heard a loud explosion!

As the light dispersed, the wall which the landscape painting had been hanging on had already been completely destroyed, reduced to fine dust that scattered in the wind...

"What on earth is Abbot Shizhu's meaning?"

"Everyone, don't flood the screen! Listen to his explanation!"

Meanwhile, more and more bullet messages flew in...

After destroying the wall, Abbot Zhihu slowly turned around to the camera and observed the proper Buddhist courtesy. "Amitabha! Very good, very good... There have never been any shortcuts in cultivation. This old monk has just shown you that there is no good ending for cheaters 1 !"

1('Guabi' is used as a homonym here. The first meaning of 挂壁 is 'to hang on the wall,'while 挂逼 is used here, and is a contemptuous term used in gaming to describe players who use a third party technique to modify the game to their advantage..) Everyone: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

...

From the end of school that day to eight o'clock that night, this fruit delivery incident had already thoroughly boiled over online. Almost every student in Number 60 High School had received Shuigou Sect's fruit delivery. Furthermore, this incident was restricted to just Number 60 High School; this was undoubtedly a revenge operation targeted at the school.

Back when Lao Gudong had still been Gorgeous Itinerant, he had mistakenly killed Taoist Taotie's adopted son Black Gauze. Now, Taoist Taotie wanted to kill all the students in Number 60 High School as revenge for his adopted son... Wang Ling thought that perhaps Lao Gudong himself had never expected things to blow up so much.

As for Zhuo Yi who didn't know the full story, this was yet another pain in the ass!

He realized that each time something major happened in Songhai city, Number 60 High School was without fail involved... It was just too toxic!

On this side, Wang Ling was still considering countermeasures when Zhuo Yi had already sent him an aggrieved text message with just a few words: Shifu ! Help me, shifu ! Wang Ling: "..."

Zhuo Yi's phone was ringing off the hook, so this was the only way he could contact Wang Ling.

Wang Ling had actually thought of a solution, but he didn't know whether it could work. Just as he was thinking about calling a particular person, in the end that person actually straightaway gave him a call at that moment, like a human parasite that wouldn't let go.

"Hello, Brother Ling? Have you seen the news?"

Lord Thunder's voice sounded from the phone. "I'm sure there are students who definitely ate this fruit! Looking at the current situation, this fruit will probably form massive balls of spirit potential inside their bodies. By relying purely on these Foundation Establishment bodies, once the balls reach a saturation point, they'll explode. We now have to think of a way to drain these students of these balls of spirit potential!"

When he said this, Lord Thunder as well as Wang Ling tacitly thought of the same thing: the Heavenly Materials sword left behind by the Master of Immortal Mansion.

Lord Thunder: "Brother Fang Xing has already regained consciousness. I gave him a call just now for a better idea of what happened - when he was struck by the Heavenly Materials sword, he had clearly felt it continuously draining him of spirit energy!"

Wang Ling nodded silently; he knew that this was the effect produced by the "Anti-Wang Ling Matter" in the blade.

Lord Thunder let out a sigh. "We actually don't have any other way to solve this problem... We can only take the Heavenly Materials sword with us and pierce each student with it!"

"..."

Mm... Indeed, it sounded a little brutal, but actually, this mostly matched Wang Ling's own plan.





Chapter 343 Completely Unexpected


After his phone call with Lord Thunder, Wang Ling immediately texted Wang Ming.

Wang Ming had just taken the Heavenly Materials sword back with him, and Wang Ling himself couldn't touch the sword blade directly. This was an important matter, and someone had to handle it. Wang Ling felt that it should be fine to leave it to Wang Ming. The Heavenly Materials sword didn't have a sword spirit, so Wang Ming didn't have to worry about controlling it. In addition, he had the spirit energy storage ring; as long as he relied on this spirit energy to operate the sword, he should be able to wield it easily enough.

After receiving Wang Ling's message in the lab, Wang Ming was extremely excited. He felt endlessly rejuvenated when he thought about how he would be able to save those lost sheep who had strayed off the cultivation path!

Although he couldn't cultivate because of his physique, the sense of heroism burned far more fiercely in his heart compared with a typical cultivator.

He had placed the Heavenly Materials sword in his research lab and had yet to seal it away for safekeeping. Wang Ming took off his spirit energy storage ring and connected it to a spirit energy crystal, and it pulsed with light.

After about five minutes or so, he took back the charged ring, picked up the Heavenly Materials sword from the table, and sneaked out of his lab.

But just as he approached the door, he could feel a cold aura advance on him from behind, and then a hand clamped down on his shoulder, jolting Wang Ming's entire body with fright.

"It's so late, where are you going?" Zhai Yin's voice sounded.

Wang Ming sighed inwardly and pretended to be unperturbed as he looked at Zhai Yin. "Oh... I'm going for a walk."

Zhai Yin crossed his arms and looked at him. "I'll go with you."

"..."

Wang Ming never thought that before he could so much as step outside to save the world, he would actually be thwarted here!

No way, he couldn't give up yet!

"I'll be back soon. I'm giving you the day off today, you don't have to especially follow me."

He knew that this guy might be amenable to persuasion but could never be coerced. Haranguing him harshly at this time wouldn't be of any damn use, and it would only aggravate the situation.

"If you were going to come back soon, why did you give your ring a full charge?" Zhai Yin gave him an inscrutable look, making Wang Ming quiver. Previously, President Qi had told him that before Zhai Yin had transferred to the depository of Buddhist texts as a librarian, he had mainly been involved in criminal investigation in the Magnificent Immortal Special Army Brigade. Furthermore, he was an expert in criminal psychology and had written a famous book called On Psychology .

Wang Ming had half-doubted this before, but now he could finally confirm that it was true.

He was very jittery, and felt like the fish in that one song... how did it go again?

I can't help becoming a stubborn fish...

Swimming alone against Zhai Yin until the end...

Unable to struggle free, unable to escape 1 ...

1(These lyrics are adapted from the song 'Silent by singer Na Ying.) Wang Ming had been struggling endlessly in his heart, and had the urge to cry.

"You can't fool me. President Qi's directive was for me to follow you closely." Zhai Yin looked fixedly at Wang Ming. Liars would always appear guilty, and Wang Ming naturally wasn't an exception. Unable to hold Zhai Yin's gaze, he looked away with a flushed face.

He couldn't say for certain what the expression in Zhai Yin's eyes was. Although it looked icy-cold, there seemed to be something passionate beneath the surface.

No! He was mistaken... He had to be freaking mistaken!

He twitched his lips; Zhai Yin was a man among men. How could someone like that look at him with a passionate gaze?

But after second thoughts, Wang Ming cupped his chin and pondered... He was wondering if Zhai Yin was bent and had taken a fancy to him...

It sounded pretty outrageous, but he felt that it was indeed possible.

At this thought, he patted Zhai Yin on the shoulder and sighed. "You can't be blamed for this, blame me instead..." It had to be because he had teased Wang Ling too much, thus giving Zhai Yin the false impression that he was bent. But the fact was that he was freaking straight! Even straighter than the Guest Greeting Pine 2 !

2(This is a well-known tree on Yellow Mountain in China's Anhui Province ..) Zhai Yin: "???"

Wang Ming: "I know that an elite as smart, tall, handsome and smooth-skinned like me is always the center of controversy and admiration. In fact, there has always been people chasing me since I was young."

Zhai Yin: "..."

Wang Ming: "Actually, I'm truly gratified that you're interested in me; this shows that you have good taste!"

Zhai Yin: "..."

Wang Ming: "But... we're not compatible. How can we be together? I still want to produce a second-generation strongest brain! So stop relying on Old Qi as a reason for always following me around. There are times when distance makes the heart grow fonder, understand?"

Listening up to this point, Zhai Yin's face had already turned red, and he said in a very low voice, "You... say that again."

Wang Ming very patiently repeated himself two words at a time. "I said, distance makes, the heart, grow fonder! It's hopeless, for us!"

Zhai Yin drew in a deep breath and in the end couldn't take it anymore. "I'm a woman, you moron!"

Wang Ming: "..."

...Huh?

He felt like his three views had been dealt a severe blow. "You... are you Hua Mulan, enlisting in your father's place?! Wait, how can you be a girl, your abs are hard as rock!"

Zhai Yin: "Anyone who's been with Magnificent Immortal since young and has cultivated for several hundred years would have rock-hard abs. Also, there's no rule saying that girls aren't allowed to have abs. Furthermore, if you're using muscles to judge a person's gender, then I have to wonder if you got this title of the strongest brain after buying eggs at the supermarket."

"..."

Wang Ming looked at Zhai Yin suspiciously.

Since she had now mentioned the fact that she was female, Wang Ming carefully examined her icy-cold face once again, and indeed did notice some feminine characteristics. For example, her eyebrows were actually very thin.

At that moment, Zhai Yin took off her army cap in front of Wang Ming for the first time. He had always thought that Zhai Yin had a buzz cut under the cap, but when she took it off, long, waist-length hair instantly spilled out as if by magic. Seeing this, the corners of Wang Ming's mouth twitched: this guy really was a girl!

"This is my magic weapon. I've never shown my hair to anyone else before - you're the first," Zhai Yin said as she looked at him.

After confirming her identity, she nonchalantly put her cap back on, immediately hiding her hair again.

"I know you went to see President Qi before about giving you a beautiful female bodyguard."

When she said that, she couldn't help curling her lips slightly. "Now do you know why he never responded to your request?"

Wang Ming: "..."





Chapter 344 Ai... Being a Tsundere Can Ruin One's Life!


Wang Ming realized a very serious problem - he had been thoroughly duped by President Qi! If Zhai Yin hadn't told him the truth today herself, he would have never thought that she would actually turn out to be a girl! He was amazed to realize that there were actually three genders in the world: male, female... and Zhai Yin...

At that moment, he felt some despair! Why, why had she told him this?!

Now that she had revealed her identity, Wang Ming was well aware that this fellow was completely focused on him. It was already impossible for him to hide this matter from her. If he wanted to leave, he would have to go through her.

Wang Ming gritted his teeth. "Big sister, I'm begging you; give me a break, let me go..."

"Not a chance." She shook her head, her tone cold and indifferent.

Seeing that negotiations had failed, Wang Ming let out a helpless sigh and leaned against the door of the lab. "Something happened at my little brother's school; you know about it, right? I have to go and help him."

"Are you talking about the Shuigou Sect incident?" Zhai Yin's eyes turned dark. Of course she knew. The matter had stirred up the media two hours ago. When she'd unlocked her phone, almost all her push notifications had been about this incident.

But when she saw how serious he was in wanting to go and help, she couldn't help sneering. "What do you think you can do? Are you a cultivator? Savior of the world? There'll be someone else who'll handle it, while my job here is to safeguard your brain."

He smiled bitterly but couldn't help retorting, "Don't look down on me. Given my brain, even the square root of my IQ would still be higher than yours."

After saying that, he could feel an obvious drop in the temperature around him.

She stared at him coldly. "Say that again?"

Wang Ming didn't look her in the eye, and hurriedly turned away as he corrected himself. "Hm, what I meant to say is that you can follow me, but don't get in my way. My little brother rarely texts me for help, how can I refuse?"

She gritted her teeth. "Don't worry. President Qi only assigned me to protect your brain. If you die, it has nothing to do with me."

"Fine! That's great! Whatever you do, don't interfere!"

After saying this cheerfully, Wang Ming crossed his arms over his chest. Like an outraged young man from a proper family whose modesty was being threatened, he looked at her as if she was scum. "Even if my brain is gone, you'll never obtain my body!"

"..."

His expression was so infuriating; enraged, Zhai Yin clenched her fists and gritted her teeth hard.

After a moment, she drew in a sharp breath, then let Wang Ming pass, tacitly allowing him to carry out this operation.

In the surveillance room, President Qi was drinking coffee, his expression calm and composed as he gazed at the monitor screen.

Old Qi was someone who had been around the block; with an exchange of just one or two words, he could already understand the situation between these youngsters.

Although he didn't know what had happened between them, there were some things that in the end couldn't be conveyed with just words. Actually, apart from Zhai Yin's gender, another thing that Wang Ming didn't know was that when President Qi had been about to assign him an official bodyguard back then, it had been Zhai Yin herself who had applied to come here.

President Qi acknowledged that there was no way someone like him could have pulled someone over from a place like Magnificent Immortal Special Army Brigade.

Thus, when he saw the two of them quarrel before leaving the lab...

President Qi sipped his coffee and couldn't help sighing. "Nowadays, being a tsundere can ruin one's life..."

...

Zhai Yin drove the Aoguanhai combat vehicle, and at Wang Ming's instruction, stopped in front of the office of the General Administration of 100 Schools. After texting Wang Ming, Wang Ling had also texted Zhuo Yi, who then knew that Wang Ming would be coming, and was already waiting for him on the ground floor.

It could be said that they were racing against time now. Deputy Director Zhong Lang had just rushed here from home, and was now upstairs in Zhuo Yi's place dealing with that bunch from the media outlets who were here every day looking for a scoop.

Zhuo Yi stood next to the car deferentially, and Wang Ming slowly wound down the window and glanced at him. "You're Zhuo Yi? Get in!"

Wang Ming had heard of Zhuo Yi, both from Wang Ling and from the news on recent events. This exemplary director was more or less linked to almost every hot issue shaking the nation.

Of course, Wang Ming was well aware that the reason Zhuo Yi had become involved in these issues probably had to do with Wang Ling creating chaos.

In some sense, he felt sorry for Zhuo Yi, who already had to bear so much at such a young age.

After getting in the car, Zhuo Yi surveyed Wang Ming with trepidation.

He knew that his shifu had an elder male cousin, but he had personally never seen him before. Meeting him for the first time, Zhuo Yi was astounded by the logo on Wang Ming's white gown and the medal pinned to his chest. This was a medal worn by state academicians. Furthermore, this was a ten-star medal; there were less than three people in the entire nation who were qualified to wear it.

After seeing this medal, Zhuo Yi also glanced at the epaulet on Zhai Yin's shoulder, and he instantly swore in his heart.

Magnificent Immortal Special Army Brigade...

Zhuo Yi was shocked!

Wang Ming couldn't help smiling as he looked at Zhuo Yi and said, "You don't have to be nervous. This person in the front is just my female bodyguard and driver."

When he said this, he specially stressed the word "female," and the corners of Zhai Yin's mouth trembled slightly.

Zhuo Yi was once again startled. Dri- driver? To invite a person from Magnificent Immortal Special Army Brigade to come over and be a driver? This was too much! As expected of shifu's elder cousin!

"This is the first time I've heard of female soldiers in Magnificent Immortal Special Army Brigade," he exclaimed.

"That's not the main point, brother." Wang Ming tsked as he directly pointed at the driver's seat. "The main point is that when this guy puts her hair up, how does she look like a woman at all?"

Zhai Yin clenched her teeth and gripped the steering wheel tightly.

Zhuo Yi shook his head. "Lao Gudong, what you said isn't right. Actually, we can still tell after looking at a person carefully. After all, men and women have different distinctive traits. Those who do research should value scientific knowledge, right?"

For a while, Wang Ming was unable to refute this.

A short moment later, he waved his hands, a tragic expression on his face. "How I wish my female guard slash driver was a true, cute little sister!"

Zhuo Yi shook his head yet again after hearing this. "Lao Gudong, what you said is actually also ambiguous."

Wang Ming: "???"

Zhuo Yi: "There are times when it's good to be clear about a person's gender, but we also shouldn't discriminate just because some people have neutral genders. There are a lot of cute little sisters online nowadays who look meng ... but have bigger dicks than yours 1 !"

1(i.e. crossdressers..) Zhai Yin: "..."

Wang Ming: "..."





Chapter 345 Going After the Chuunibyou


Xiangyun Road, Songhai city.

The key city high school funded by the Xiao clan was located on this road.

After Zhuo Yi got in the car, Zhai Yin drove them to the Xiangyun Road intersection.

The car rolled to a steady stop by the roadside. A blockade had already been set up on both sides of the road, and there were several military police guarding the intersection.

"Is that the place?" Holding the sword, Wang Ming got out of the car. Down the rows of buildings, he could see from this distance Shenye High School's school flag, fluttering on the sports field.

All the residents and pedestrians on Xiangyun Road had already been evacuated by the police before Zhuo Yi had arrived. Because this was an emergency, the students of Shenye High School had been quickly sent home before the flag could be lowered for the day. However, the most important thing was... there was no homework today!

According to Zhuo Yi, all the students in the city who had eaten the unknown fruit were currently under the direct control of the General Administration of 100 Schools. They had all been sent to Second Cultivation Hospital's separate zone for isolated treatment, and it could be said that the situation had been contained to some extent.

However, because the authorities had yet to determine the specific composition of this spirit fruit, there was no way to completely prevent it from generating spirit potential in these children's bodies. The hospital could only rely on physical or slightly more advanced chemical methods to suppress it.

On the way to the school, Zhuo Yi had told Wang Ming that Director Li from Second Cultivation Hospital's separate zone had given him a call: all the specialists and medical personnel had given up their own break to show up at work, and had held an emergency discussion with a group of alchemists, which included Immortal Toya, from the Xiao clan.

This situation couldn't drag on any longer; without effective preventive measures and with what equipment and drugs the hospital currently had, they could only keep this spirit potential from breaking out at the most until six o'clock in the morning the day after tomorrow. At that time, the spirit potential in these students' bodies would reach a saturation point before generating a spirit explosion.

Naturally, there was one exception.

That was Shenye High School's Xiao Yucheng.

"We have confirmed that Xiao Yuncheng is on this road. He directly threw out several teams of military police when they went in earlier..." said Zhuo Yi, wiping at his sweat.

"Threw them out? That fierce?" Wang Ming was startled.

"That's right. They're Golden Core military police, but every single one was thrown out as if they were scarecrows, and they were completely unable to fight back." Zhuo Yi sighed. "Based on news from the hospital, they can still contain the kids that have been admitted until the morning of the day after tomorrow. But if we leave Xiao Yuncheng be, he'll explode at midnight tonight."

Wang Ming nodded his head after hearing this.

No wonder they had come out in full force here, even specially setting up a barrier at the intersection.

"This barrier is a little weak." Zhai Yin curled her lips. "It won't be able to hold back a spirit explosion at all."

"But at the very least, it can prevent Xiao Yuncheng from fleeing." Zhuo Yi glanced at the barrier. "A small-scale spirit explosion like this will affect all of Xiangyun Road and everything within a thirty-kilometer radius. Orders from the higher-ups are for us to minimize the damage as well as keep Xiao Yuncheng safe.

"If there's nothing else to be done, we'll have to shoot him down. That spirit fruit devours minds; no one knows what will happen after that. The Xiao clan has already signed the agreement."

"They even signed an agreement?" Wang Ming hadn't thought that the situation had become so serious. No wonder the first thing Zhuo Yi had done was to bring him here.

Earlier in the car, Zhuo Yi had given Wang Ming some rough idea about the fruit's side effects. Apart from the continual generation of spirit potential ultimately resulting in a spirit explosion, it could devour minds. Furthermore, this side effect depended on a person's physique. Bluntly speaking... the more chuunibyou a person was, the larger the impact.

Most Foundation Establishment students, including Wang Ling, were sixteen years old, and unfortunately, this was the very age they would become chuunibyou. Nowadays, with advancements in modern cultivation technology, it took less and less time to progress from the Body Refinement and Qi Condensation stages to the Foundation Establishment stage. Thousands of years ago, it would have taken most cultivators several hundreds years of great effort to reach the Foundation Establishment stage.

Thus, in the current age of national cultivation, the biggest problem with having younger Foundation Establishment cultivators was that they weren't mature in their thinking.

After all, Xiao Yuncheng was just a sixteen-year-old kid... One day suddenly realizing that his strength had skyrocketed, he definitely would have wondered if he was Heaven's chosen one, charged with saving the world. Of course his attitude would change.

Seeing that Wang Ming seemed to be pondering something, Zhuo Yi couldn't help asking, "What is Lao Gudong thinking about?"

"Hm... I just suddenly thought about my youth."

He recalled that at that age, he had also contracted this chuunibyou disease. Although he knew he was older than Xiao Yuncheng by just a few years, sixteen years old was the watershed chuunibyou period.

Zhuo Yi: "..."

Wang Ming: "At that time, I especially liked reading novels, and then all day I would think about picking up an ancient magic weapon on the streets; the best would have been if there was some great grandfather or grandmother inside it."

Zhuo Yi: "..."

Wang Ming: "I also especially liked going out on trips, and I'd hope I would fall into some secret cave; such caves generally contain some lost martial arts..."

Zhuo Yi: "..."

Zhai Yin's lips couldn't help twitching at this; once again, Wang Ming had refreshed her understanding of what the word "simple" meant.

The surrounding police officers and military police who heard this sunk into silence, making Zhuo Yi feel like the air had frozen solid!

After a moment, the captain of the military police who had been responsible for making sure the barrier was set up broke the dead silence and said to Zhuo Yi, "Director Zhuo, we've already prepared an entry through the barrier entrance, but there's a problem..."

Zhuo Yi: "What is it?"

"The entry uses a swipe system, and only those carrying the corresponding talisman can enter. But just now, the person who set up the barrier only made two..." When he said that, the captain could already feel Zhao Yin staring at him. He sneaked a look at her epaulet, and when he saw that she was a member of the Magnificent Immortal Special Army Brigade, he immediately broke into a cold sweat, and he even lowered his voice. "If you force your way through the barrier, you'll destroy its structure."

Wang Ming nodded. "Then I'll go in with Director Zhuo. He's the commander of the operation this time."

Zhai Yin's face turned dark at these words.

Looking at this scene now, Zhuo Yi finally realized that Wang Ming and Zhai Yin's relationship seemed a little "complicated," and instantly he felt a little awkward. "Will that... be alright?"

"Why not? Women shouldn't meddle in men's business!" said Wang Ming. He even felt a little emotional in his heart - finally, he could escape this she-devil!

But right after Wang Ming said that, the military police captain on the side suddenly opened his eyes wide as he carefully looked Zhai Yin up and down. He was definitely questioning her gender.

Zhai Yin silently clenched her fists and glared at him, and the captain suddenly felt cold intent permeate his head...

Then, with the sound of a watermelon being cracked open, his helmet broke into several pieces that fell to the ground..

"..."

Staring at the remains of his helmet, the captain was extremely frightened: love triangles were so scary!





Chapter 346 The Correct Pose in Full Armor


Finally, under Zhai Yin's resentful gaze, Wang Ming and Zhuo Yi entered the barrier one after another.

The captain of the military police, whose helmet had been shattered with just one look, knelt on the ground with a heartbroken face, wanting to cry but with no tears to shed. Never mind the fact that the helmet was public property, it would be coming out of his salary since it had been damaged by external factors... the most crucial thing was, this malevolence was too scary!

Zhai Yin gnashed her teeth as she watched Wang Ming and Zhuo Yi walk through the barrier. The air around her had already frozen, and the police officers and military police nearby stood very straight and at attention, completely not daring to speak.

As Wang Ming had said, the general commander of the operation this time was in fact Zhuo Yi. Zhai Yin, who was from Magnificent Immortal and had fine military accomplishments under her belt, could never refute a superior's orders. This was also the most stifling point for her. She stared blankly as Wang Ming entered the barrier, while she was unable to do anything more. In her heart, she simply thought about completely ripping off the Magnificent Immortal symbol on her shoulder.

However, she was the one who had applied to be Wang Ming's personal bodyguard. The old leader of her unit had agreed to give her three years. When the time came, she would still have to return to her original unit.

Hence, she was still a member of Magnificent Immortal. As long as she bore this identity, she couldn't bring shame to her old unit; there was nothing she could do about this.

After taking a deep breath, she did her best to calm down before she glanced out of the corner of her eye at the captain of the military police next to her. "Where is the barrier maker?"

The military police captain: "Ah?"

Zhai Yin: "Tell him to make a talisman for entering the barrier in ten minutes."

The military police captain's expression instantly turned a little unsightly. "...This timeframe is a little difficult." Unless the maker had a cheat of some sort!

Staring at the captain, Zhai Yin said with a deadly serious expression, "Ten minutes is the limit of my tolerance. If you can't do it and something happens inside to that idiot in the white coat, forget your military detachment, it'll be your entire division that will suffer."

After throwing out these words, she looked straight ahead and said no more.

Wang Ming's identity as the strongest brain was a state secret which not even Zhuo Yi knew about, let alone this bunch of civil police officers and military police involved in this operation, so Zhai Yin felt that it was actually meaningless to argue too much with them.

Another aspect of it was that Wang Ming's rejection of her was a little contrary to her expectations.

But she wasn't worried.

She had three years.

She felt that it should be more than enough time to have an effect on this dumbass.

...

Carrying the Heavenly Materials sword, which had been wrapped in layers of seals, Wang Ming walked with Zhuo Yi down Xiangyun Road. There wasn't a soul in sight.

They were wearing aura concealment and invisibility Dao talismans, though Zhuo Yi didn't think these would be very useful since the military police who had gone in to grab Xiao Yuncheng had also been wearing them, and had still been thrown out one by one.

The lights in some of the shops along the road were still on. Some stores hadn't been able to tidy up when they'd received the evacuation notice, and they hadn't been closed up.

As they moved forward, Zhuo Yi looked closely at the wrapped spirit sword on Wang Ming's back and asked, "Lao Gudong, is this the Heavenly Materials sword which was seized from the Master of Immortal Mansion?"

Wang Ming nodded and couldn't help laughing. "I already wanted to say earlier, don't call me teacher. It sounds weird. Teacher Cang 1 is also a teacher."

1(This is from 'Cang Jinkong,' the Chinese adaptation of Japanese AV star Aoi Sola's name ..) Zhuo Yi: "..."

Wang Ming: "I have another name, Wang Xiaoer. You can just call me Brother Er."

Zhuo Yi: "Then Brother Er, where are we going now?"

Wang Ming looked around. "We have to first look for a high vantage point."

It had already been an hour and a half since the previous batch of military police that had been sent in to catch Xiao Yuncheng had failed. They had just been thrown out one by one, and no one had been injured. This might have been a lucky coincidence, but Wang Ming speculated that at the time, Xiao Yuncheng had still had his wits about him, and had yet to entirely lose his mind because of the fruit.

But so much time had passed since then, and his mental state would have certainly deteriorated during that period.

To be honest, Wang Ming couldn't be absolutely sure that this operation would be a success. Whether Xiao Yuncheng could be saved or not would depend on his own luck...

Most of the buildings on Xiangyun Road had been built in the olden days. This was a pretty famous old street that only had a few tall buildings. Wang Ming and Zhuo Yi walked into the Tax Bureau on Xiangyun Road and directly took the elevator to the top floor.

They reached the twenty-fifth floor and then climbed up a corridor to the peak. It wasn't too far, but Wang Ming was clearly a little breathless since he had the Heavenly Materials sword on his back.

Zhuo Yi had weighed this sword in his hand before. The Master of Immortal Mansion had taken special care to select materials that were fairly light while forging the sword; even someone at the Foundation Establishment stage would be able to pick it up without any effort at all. When he saw how much effort it took Wang Ming, Zhuo Yi felt it was a little strange. "Brother Er, are you okay?"

Wang Ming stood on the rooftop, hands on his knees, and took a few gulps of air. "It's fine, it's fine... it's just that I haven't exercised in a very long time, so I'm a little wheezy. Usually I'm used to just hanging around in the lab."

Zhuo Yi: "If I may ask, what is Brother Er's realm..."

Wang Ming: "Hm? Didn't Ling Ling tell you? I'm a normal person. Did you think I was stronger than him because I'm his older cousin?"

"..."

Hearing this, Zhuo Yi took an arrow to the knee... But even if he was a normal person, Wang Ming's white coat from the Cultivation Academy of Science and the medal on his chest weren't fake, so on some level, Zhuo Yi felt that Wang Ming had to in fact be a witch.

But the problem was that with their current lineup, it would be very hard to deal with a deranged Xiao Yuncheng!

Zhuo Yi felt his brain hurt a little.

"I've studied the Heavenly Materials sword and it contains very special substances: It can adjust its ability according to the person wielding it. This sword actually quite suits me, but it's still a little heavy. However, it's enough for dealing with Xiao Yuncheng," Wang Ming said. "As long as I can give him a small cut, the operation can be considered a success."

Speaking up to this point, Wang Ming took a sudden step back and pulled directly at the front of Zhuo Yi's gown, forcefully opening it to take a look inside.

Zhuo Yi was utterly petrified. "Bro... Brother Er, I'm straight!"

Wang Ming: "No kidding! So am I!"

Zhuo Yi: "Then why..."

Wang Ming: "I'm checking to see if you're wearing the long johns Ling Ling gave you."

"I see..."

Zhuo Yi understood instantly.

"It's good that you're wearing them. Actually, the operation this time isn't dangerous."

When he said this, Wang Ming also pulled out part of the long johns from inside his clothes as he looked at Zhuo Yi. "See? The same type!"

Zhuo Yi: "..."

"If we really do stop Xiao Yuncheng, and in case, just in case, a spirit explosion actually happens, do you know what to do?"

Zhuo Yi: "???"

Wang Ming said, "What you need to do is to quickly tuck the top into the bottom, then stretch out the legs so that your exposed feet are also bundled up. Finally, pull the top of the long johns up to cover your entire head! You'll survive the disaster that way! This is the correct pose to assume in full long johns armor!"

Zhuo Yi: "..."





Chapter 347 You Have to Start on Crispy Noodle Snacks As a Child


Looking at the barrier from the top of a tall building, it didn't actually encompass a wide area; it was a faint shimmer of light that took the form of a birdcage covering everything within line of sight. Even so, trying to catch a person in this complicated tangle of streets and buildings would still be a little difficult.

Zhuo Yi saw Wang Ming cross his arms as he faced the front, eyes shut in concentration as if he was pondering something.

Indeed, he couldn't sense any fluctuations of spirit energy from Wang Ming; this was a normal person through and through. But in some sense, he did feel that Wang Ming wasn't ordinary... during the combined military training exercise for the six schools, Wang Ming had entered the world of the survival contest as a magic treasure maintenance expert, but Zhuo Yi hadn't bumped into him at the time.

Now that he thought about it, Zhuo Yi suddenly felt a little frightened.

He remembered that when Wang Ling had entered the world of the survival contest, his signal had been blocked. This proved that Wang Ming must have been with Wang Ling at the time, and had used his authority to turn off Wang Ling's signal. Back then, Wang Ming must have been there when Wang Ling had closed the door of the Gate Between Worlds with his bare hands.

A person would rarely have such an opportunity in their whole lives to witness such a spectacular scene.

Zhuo Yi guessed that the things Wang Ming saw as an ordinary person weren't necessarily less than what true cultivators experienced.

The wind blew as the both of them stood on the rooftop of this tall building. Although it wasn't a large area, Zhuo Yi's spiritual senses alone weren't enough to cover everything within the barrier, and thus couldn't be used to detect Xiao Yuncheng's aura.

Wang Ming speculated that there was probably some sort of instruction contained inside Shuigou Sect's fruit; since the sect's ultimate aim was to create a spiritual explosion, the students who ingested the fruit would come under its control and be instructed to hide themselves.

The problem right now was determining Xiao Yuncheng's location.

After a long time, Wang Ming opened his eyes and couldn't help sighing. "Sure enough, it's still no good."

Zhuo Yi: "What was Brother Er doing?"

"There are over four hundred forks in the roads in this area behind the barrier, and five to six hundred buildings that Xiao Yuncheng could hide in. I was running simulations earlier by sending out fifty copies of myself in my mind to search the streets, but I couldn't find any trace of him."

Zhuo Yi was shocked.

"This is the Brain Deduction Technique." Wang Ming beamed at him. "Some say that normal people only use ten percent of their brains."

Zhuo Yi's expression turned curious, but just as he was about to ask if the brain truly had potential yet to be explored, Wang Ming's next sentence immediately threw cold water on his question.

"In fact, that's a lie."

"..."

"If you can't score on a test, or write from memory, or learn by heart, there really is something wrong with your brain. There are times when dunces have to acknowledge the truth... But if you work hard enough in this type of situation, only then will you gain true knowledge. Drinking Eight Walnut 1 won't increase your intelligence, and consuming Diamond Partners 2 won't help your brain develop. These are all lies, like when they say on TV that you can live up to ten percent longer if you drink Wang Lao Ji 3 ."

1(This is adapted from the 'Six Walnut' beverage produced by Hebei Yangyuan which claims that the drink is good for brain nutrition.)

2(As far as we can tell, this is a brand of goat's milk.)

3(Wang Lao Ji is a popular Chinese herbal tea.) "..."

Zhuo Yi suddenly felt like he had been pierced through the heart!

Why did you have to tell me the truth?!

"A person's intelligence is already determined at birth. I learned to speak when I was about two months old; at three months, I could read the Xinhua Dictionary 4 , and after that, it wasn't difficult to memorize the Cihai5."

4(Perhaps the best-selling Chinese dictionary.)

5(The Cihai is an encyclopedic Chinese dictionary.) "..."

"Later on, I also memorized the Three Characters Classic , Dao De Ching , Diamond Sutra , Great Compassion Mantra , Three Hundred Tang Poems 6 and also the complete set of the Hundred Thousand Whys 7 . If it wasn't for the fact that I was still unable to hold a pen back then, I would have copied all these out from memory."

6(These are all famous Chinese classics.)

7(This is a popular Chinese book on science by Ye Yonglie..) "..." Zhuo Yi looked at Wang Ming lifelessly.

"But I didn't have a happy childhood."

Wang Ming sighed. "When I was five months old, it just so happened to be the Chinese New Year, and I was dragged from house to house in the countryside by my aunties to perform - do you have any idea how I felt?"

Zhuo Yi was silent; in fact, everyone would have gone through this as a kid. During the festive season, parents would force kids in particular to perform in front of their relatives and friends; it could be reciting poetry or singing, or even doing acrobatic stunts. The vilest thing about the situation was that if they didn't perform, they wouldn't get their red packets!

During the Chinese New Year, what the elders liked to do the most was to compare their kids in terms of their studies, abilities and character. As long as your child did better, it was like basking in the light.

"Ling Ling was probably the most miserable." When he said this, Wang Ming covered his face with a bitter smile. "When he was one and a half years old, his father dragged him in front of friends and relatives to break rocks on his chest."

"Oh my god..."

Zhuo Yi was deeply shocked.

Wang Ming: "Also, to save money back then, some of the elders would always take Lingzi to the mart next door to buy crispy noodle snacks. Until he was four, the New Year's money he received each year was all crispy noodle snacks."

Zhuo Yi finally knew why his shifu was so obsessed with crispy noodle snacks; it turned out that it had started when he had still been a child!

Just then, the ring on Wang Ming's hand flashed, and a pure black futuristic-looking helmet emerged.

Zhuo Yi: "What's this?"

"This is something I invented: it's a helmet that can amplify brainwaves. Once I put it on, it can amplify my brainwaves over fifty-fold. At the same time, I can simulate six hundred mind copies of myself with the Brain Deduction Technique," Wang Ming explained nonchalantly. "I believe that with this helmet, I'll be able to locate this kid very quickly."

Secretly, Zhuo Yi was apprehensive. The "Brain Deduction Technique" was a new kind of magic developed in the Spirit Energy Information era. Even ordinary people could use it as it didn't require the consumption of spirit energy. The main difficulty with this technique had to do with the probabilities to come out of the creation of these mind copies.

Generally, an ordinary cultivator could create five copies of themselves, and this was already the limit; furthermore, the probabilities derived from these five copies might not necessarily be completely accurate.

Before putting on this helmet, Wang Ming had effortlessly sent out fifty mind copies of himself. After his brainwaves were amplified, that number could actually climb up to six hundred! There was absolutely no way that an ordinary person would be able to handle the massive brain calculations involved... In some sense, Zhuo Yi thought Wang Ming was also a pretty scary guy.

Just as Wang Ming was about to put the helmet on, his expression suddenly froze when he saw something to Zhuo Yi's side.

Not long after that, a gentle and reserved, yet particularly unpleasant, voice sounded behind them.

"Actually just dispatching a normal person and a Golden Core cultivator here - this is looking down on our Shuigou Sect too much..."





Chapter 348 The Strongest Brain


Turning his head, Wang Ming saw a man dressed in a gray long robe with a face that was a little ghastly to look at. There was no way to tell at all from his face how old he was, since it had been completely disfigured.

Analyzing the injury, Wang Ming thought that this was probably a first-degree burn from being hit by dense spirit energy balls. Furthermore, these balls had most likely been doused in a curse, so that any injury they caused would never ever heal, not with any kind of appearance-retaining methods or even plastic surgery.

"Brother Er, be careful!"

Zhuo Yi stared at the newcomer warily; things had taken a turn for the worse. It should have occurred to him earlier that since Shuigou Sect's aim was for Xiao Yuncheng to successfully explode, it was impossible that they wouldn't have sent someone to keep an eye on him.

"Whether it's Xiao Yuncheng or the students whom you sent to the hospital to be quarantined, you might think they're safe for the time being, but they're all doomed to die." The ugly man smiled sinisterly, but because his features were wrecked, his expression as he spoke was utterly indecipherable. In one hand, he held a longsword with a unique sawtooth edge.

This person tapped the longsword on his shoulder, his face indifferent and his voice coarse. "The Lord has already been planning this revenge operation for a very long time; there is no way anything can go wrong."

Wang Ming sat cross-legged on the ground, completely undaunted. He merely placed the black tech helmet down and looked at the man as he said, "This is just a feud between two epic killers... These children are innocent; you shouldn't involve the innocent."

The man sneered. "This has only ever been about revenge since the beginning. When Gorgeous Itinerant killed the Lord's adopted son, he did it without the slightest hesitation and in an extremely ruthless way. He thought that if he withdrew from the world, the Lord would be helpless to do anything about it - how utterly ridiculous. Of course, it's not like there isn't a good way to settle this."

Speaking up to this point, the man narrowed his eyes. "The Lord still cherishes their friendship from their old days as brothers from the same sect... As long as Gorgeous Itinerant is willing to prostrate himself and acknowledge his wrongdoing before the grave of the Lord's adopted son, Black Gauze, as well as give up the supreme weapon he's hiding, the Lord can simply undo the fruit's power in those students with a wave of his hand."

Wang Ming and Zhuo Yi had also previously heard from Wang Ling about the feud between these two epic killers.

And mention of this feud always included two things.

The first was Black Gauze, Taoist Taotie's adopted son.

The other was the supreme weapon which Gorgeous Itinerant had hidden away.

Zhuo Yi: "I have a question. From where did you hear that Gorgeous Itinerant is hiding a great weapon?"

The man was startled: "Isn't this what everyone says?"

Wang Ming and Zhuo Yi were stupefied - wasn't this just a damn rumor then?!

Zhuo Yi: "Have you seen Gorgeous Itinerant use this great weapon before with your own eyes?"

"How is that possible? Can just anyone see Gorgeous Itinerant's great weapon? They say that those who have seen it are already dead, and that their blood flowed copiously to cover the ground. This is enough to prove how vicious this great weapon is!"

The man shook his head with a sneer. "I can leave one of you alive to deliver our terms to the police outside."

Zhuo Yi laughed. "I am the most senior commander of this operation; their words would be worth nothing to you."

The corners of the man's mouth twitched. "You, a Golden Core cultivator, are actually the most senior commander in charge of this operation?"

"He's actually amazing."

Wang Ming couldn't help laughing. "Do you know Zhuo Yi?"

Hearing this name, the man was finally shocked. "You're Zhuo Yi?"

It was impossible for him not to know this name... it was really too familiar!

From the beginning to the end of one short month, he had been involved in the operation to capture the old devil, and his identity as commander had even extended to another city where he had destroyed Immortal Mansion, which was currently the largest dark force in the history of Huaxiu nation. Furthermore, he had captured the Master of Immortal Mansion alive! This was an Itinerant Immortal expert, after all!

The man took a deep breath. The sawtooth sword in his hand gave off a glow which lit up his face.

"Then it seems that the only thing I can do is to kill the both of you!"

He was at the Nascent Soul stage!

In his eyes, an ordinary person and a Golden Core cultivator weren't his match at all!

Gaps between realms were impossible to cross!

But before the man made a move, he noticed a very serious problem: as an ordinary person and a Golden Core cultivator, these two individuals didn't seem the least bit pressured and were really too calm as they faced him...

Considering that the old devil and the Master of Immortal Mansion had both fallen at Zhuo Yi's hands, the man suddenly felt that this was most likely a trap!

Maybe they had on them defensive magic treasures capable of creating backlash!

In a scenario with two sides of unequal realms, if the expert with the higher realm suffered defeat, it was often because they had underestimated the enemy and thought they could win with a single blow. Thus, there were times when a person would frequently fall into the other party's trap because of their scornful attitude.

In a situation where you couldn't confirm whether the other party had a defensive weapon capable of backlash, directly striking at the head was the best decision!

Like a shadow, the man rushed at Zhuo Yi with his sword, so fast that the latter didn't have time to react at all!

Killing intent burst forth!

There weren't any embellished movements with this sword, but the wind it created had already come whistling close. Brandishing the sawtooth sword in a graceful posture, the man in gray traditional dress was intent on chopping Zhuo Yi's head off.

Zhuo Yi's expression finally changed; when he had felt the man's killing intent, his first response... had been to pull the top of the long johns up to cover his head, like Wang Ming had told him earlier!

But it was already too late.

The man was already about to cut off his head.

"Got you!"

The man sneered in his heart, but in the next moment his expression abruptly changed.

Because when he had cut off Zhuo Yi's head, there hadn't been even the slightest hint of fresh blood. And Zhuo Yi, who should have already been beheaded, seemed to turn into sand as his entire being disappeared directly into thin air.

What the hell?

Was this an illusion spell?

The man instinctively started to become suspicious.

But even if this was an illusion, he didn't believe that he could be befuddled by a Golden Core cultivator's illusion spell.

Then in the next second, the scene before him transformed.

Zhuo Yi reappeared in front of him, completely unharmed.

On the other side, Wang Ming sat cross-legged on the ground, completely undaunted. He placed the black tech helmet down and looked at the man. "This is just a feud between two epic killers... These children are innocent; you shouldn't involve the innocent."

The man: "..."

Wait a minute! He seemed to have heard this line before!

Furthermore, while the youngster in the white coat had said this, he had indeed put the helmet on the ground. The man remembered this very clearly; there was absolutely no mistake!

But then... what the hell was going on?

"Damn it!"

Feeling that something wasn't right, the man lifted the sword again, and this time advanced on Wang Ming and slashed at him.

And just like with Zhuo Yi, there wasn't any blood to be seen! After Wang Ming was cut down, he simply turned into sand which swiftly dissipated on the wind.

The man rubbed his eyes...

The next moment, he saw Wang Ming reappear; the latter sat cross-legged in front of him and placed the helmet down on the ground, then looked at him. "This is just a feud between two epic killers... These children are innocent; you shouldn't involve the innocent."

"..." The man's lips instantly twitched.

Had he fucking entered the Inception movie?





Chapter 349 I'm Just An Ordinary Person!


Standing to one side on the rooftop, Zhuo Yi's face was full of black question marks as he watched the middle-aged man continuously wave his sawtooth longsword at the air.

"Bro... Brother Er, what's going on?"

Wang Ming smiled. "The true essence of the Brain Deduction Technique actually isn't just about calculating probabilities mentally. At its most powerful, you can draw someone into your mind space. It's a little complicated to explain, but he's now already trapped. He thinks he's already cut me down, when in actual fact the person he killed is just one of my mind copies."

Hearing this, Zhuo Yi was secretly astonished. He had never thought that there could be someone who could actually wield this technique to this extent. This also proved how frightening Wang Ming's brain was.

Zhuo Yi now finally knew why this Brother Er could wear this white coat despite his young age.

"What now?"

Zhuo Yi asked, staring at the middle-aged man who was chopping the air like a maniac.

The man was at the Nascent Soul stage. Even if he had been trapped by Wang Ming's Brain Deduction Technique, Zhuo Yi had no idea what to do with him. Even if he stabbed the man in the back with a sword in a sneak attack, there was a limit to the injury he could inflict at the Golden Core stage on a Nascent Soul cultivator's tough body.

They couldn't use the Brain Deduction Technique as a delay tactic for very long...

Of course, Wang Ming was well aware of this fact in his heart.

Furthermore, without the helmet, there were only fifty mind copies of himself. Once the man cut all of them down, Wang Ming's control would be broken. In addition, the Brain Deduction Technique had a very long cooldown period.

The biggest limitation of the Brain Deduction Technique was that it couldn't be used again on the same person for a brief period of time.

But Wang Ming had already had an idea.

The ring on his hand flashed with spirit light, and he actually took out a new pair of red long johns... plus a very ordinary hemp rope.

"..."

Zhuo Yi was greatly astonished; he already knew what Wang Ming wanted to do.

In a situation where you were unable to cause your enemy any harm, the only surefire way to keep them tied up for long periods of time was to use these long johns like a sack and wrap this person from head to toe, then bind him on the outside with the ordinary hemp rope... It was just like a prison! More useful than the Spirit Shackles!

"Brother Er, this is too dangerous... let me do it."

"It's fine."

Wang Ming, who was a few meters away behind the man, said, "I finally got rid of that she-devil outside, so give me a chance to prove myself! Besides, I'm telling you, I have experience in doing this!"

Zhuo Yi: "..."

"Have you seen Man vs Wild 1 ?" Wang Ming asked.

1('Man vs Wild' is a survival television series hosted by Bear Grylls on the Discovery Channel.) Zhuo Yi: "Ah?"

Wang Ming: "It's the show where after you take off the head, everything else is protein 2 !"

2(An allusion to the various gross critters Bear Grylls eats on the show ..) This was the first time that Zhuo Yi felt that he was behind the times. "No..." In a sense, he was in fact older than Wang Ming! Zhuo Yi felt like crying but had no tears to shed. Sure enough, a different in two years was a generation gap! Nowadays, the news talked about youngsters in their twenties who were already experiencing midlife crises - indeed, this wasn't unreasonable!

"It's fine if you've never watched it - let me demonstrate it for you!"

With a slight grin on his face, Wang Ming made a "hush" gesture at Zhuo Yi.

He had already pulled open the collar of the long johns, and was stealthily circling around behind the man as he looked for an opportunity to put it on him.

"Look! Here is a single fallen Nascent Soul cultivator. Since we have the long johns specially made by Ling Zhenren and a common thick hemp rope, we can try catching him!"

Wang Ming cautiously stood a few meters behind the man. "A Nascent Soul cultivator can provide us with a lot of protein!"

Zhuo Yi: "..."

"But a Nascent Soul cultivator isn't easy to deal with. We have to make a slow approach from behind, and kill him while he's down! Although he's currently stuck in my Brain Deduction Technique, we still need to be careful!"

Zhuo Yi was speechless.

In the very next instant, Wang Ming took advantage of the moment the man paused to gasp, and in one fell swoop, actually managed to accurately pull the long johns down over the man — he actually freaking succeeded!

"Why are you still spacing out, come and help me!" Wang Ming shouted.

After a short, stunned moment, Zhuo Yi quickly stepped forward to help, and together with Wang Ming, straightaway tied the man up with the hemp rope.

It was only at that moment that the man woke up from Wang Ming's "Brain Deduction Technique."

"What's the hell?!"

He was surprised to find that he had actually been encased in a pair of long johns; even his legs had been forcefully covered. His entire body was bound tightly with hemp rope.

He struggled hard, the blue veins on his neck popping out. His entire body burst with spirit light, but the long johns gave off a golden light at the same time. Struggling was like punching cotton, or a clay ox entering the sea - it was utterly useless!

"How can this be?!"

The man blustered; this magic treasure carried by a regular person was actually able to trap him?!

What was more, this was just an ordinary pair of long johns that could be seen everywhere on the market!

"What is this magic weapon?" Utterly incredulous, the man had a disbelieving expression on his face; combined with his already disfigured appearance, it made for an especially terrifying image.

Wang Ming crouched down in front of the man and patted him on the shoulder. "Stop struggling; these long johns might look a little shabby, but even an Itinerant Immortal cultivator wouldn't be able to escape."

The man from Shuigou Sect gave a miserable smile, and suddenly he looked like he had given up. He had already been on guard earlier when he had heard Zhuo Yi's title... but in the end, he had still been caught.

This ordinary person without the slightest bit of spirit energy wasn't ordinary at all!

Recalling how he had been trapped by the Brain Deduction Technique, the man raised his scary face and stared at Wang Ming. "You sensed me since the very beginning?"

"To be exact, it was probably when we entered the barrier. My fifty mind copies had already begun to move then. Actually, I've known Xiao Yuncheng's location since the beginning, and I was also aware of your presence." Wang Ming crossed his arms and shrugged as he said indifferently, "I was just acting to lure you out."

Wang Ming's words were a little playful and he had on his characteristic smirk, the complete opposite to Wang Ling's facial paralysis, but it was still very intimidating.

If Wang Ling's power of intimidation was his ability to suppress auras from beginning to end, then Wang Ming's power had to do with the dread he inspired from toying with someone in the palm of his hand.

The man was secretly alarmed; he hadn't expected Wang Ming to have actually calculated everything to that extent.

It was at that moment that the man finally looked at Wang Ming properly. He started looking up and down at the white coat that Wang Ming was wearing. His eyes finally fell on the medal pinned to the coat.

Then something struck him, and his eyes widened.

But before the man could speak, Wang Ming was already holding the Heavenly Materials sword to his throat. "Tell us what your Shuigou Sect's real aim is. According to my information, everything your Shuigou Sect is doing isn't just for something as simple as revenge, right?"

The man narrowed his eyes and looked at Wang Ming.

"What are you looking at?! Speak up!"

Wang Ming frowned and complained, "I'm just an ordinary person! Holding this sword is like holding a dumbbell, it's very tiring!"

The man: "..."

Zhuo Yi: "..."

What the hell! What kind of ordinary person was able to create fifty mind copies at the same time...





Chapter 350 What Is the Meaning Behind the Gyro Needle?


At that moment, the man felt deeply cheated. The young man in the white coat standing in front of him was clearly just an ordinary person, but the man felt that he was a lot harder to deal with than many cultivators at his level.

This keen sense of disparity after suffering a defeat was actually hard to describe... It was like meeting an online friend who had clearly been a pure and cute little sister on the Internet, but in the end turned out to be Gouda Takeshi1 !

1(A character in Doraemon with a large build and aggressive behavior.) With Wang Ming holding a sword to this throat, the man once again tried to struggle free of the long johns and hemp rope, but failed. It was just ordinary rope, but the long johns inside weren't normal at all, and acted like a partition that completely blocked the flow of his spirit energy.

"Stop struggling, these long johns are used for the express purpose of capturing people. It's in the same style as the ones we're wearing, but it serves a different purpose," Wang Ming said with a smile. "Go on then, your real aim is..."

The man lowered his head and gritted his teeth, and didn't reply.

With a smirk, Wang Ming infused the Heavenly Materials sword with the spirit energy stored in the ring, then gently gave the man a small cut on his neck.

On the side, Zhuo Yi couldn't help but marvel at the substance the Heavenly Materials sword was made of. The Master of Immortal Mansion had forged a really evil sword. Although it didn't have a sword spirit, the sword qi which encircled the blade was truly frightening. After pouring spirit energy into the sword, even an ordinary person was able to easily use it to cut a Nascent Soul cultivator.

Wang Ming's move was meant to be a small demonstration. At first, the man didn't take it seriously, but his expression quickly turned uneasy.

That was because he could feel the demonic sword qi flowing through his body and eating away at his internal spirit energy bit by bit.

This sword actually sealed spirit energy!

Wang Ming had been smirking the whole time, and he said again, "Get it now? As long as I have this sword, I can destroy all your plans without any effort at all. This sword devours spirit energy. This small cut is just a warning. If I strike you down, you probably won't be able to get out of bed for a few years."

What Wang Ming said was actually a mix of truth and lies. Back then, when Fang Xing had been stabbed during the fierce battle, that persistent seal on his spirit energy in fact had only lasted for three to five days; after the sword qi devoured practically all the spirit energy inside the body, this qi generated by the Heavenly Materials sword would circulate naturally inside the body and then gradually disappear.

Of course, Zhuo Yi knew this.

Hence, when he heard Wang Ming's words, he couldn't help but sigh in his heart... given Wang Ming's acting ability, it was a waste for him not to perform on Hatching of Performers 2 ".

2(The word 蛋生 'dansheng' here literally translates to 'egg born.' 'Dansheng' is also a homonym for 诞生, which means 'birth.' 'Birth of Performers' is a well-known acting competition show.) The man's already disfigured face became even more unsightly.

"Looks like I was right. You do have secrets."

Wang Ming stared at the man intently. "I'll ask you one last time. Tell me everything you know."

After about two or three minutes of silence, the man dropped his head and sighed.

Wang Ming: "Tch... Who asked you for your name? I just want to know what happened."

"I'm Shuigou Sect's Chou Shisi."

Chou Shisi chuckled. "Of course there's a reason why I'm telling you my name. In our Shuigou Sect, it's not our realms that determine our status - the uglier we are, the higher our rank. My name is Chou Shisi, which means that I'm the fourteenth ugliest person in the sect 3 ."

3(Chou Shisi translates to 'ugly fourteen.') "..."

Wang Ming and Zhuo Yi were stunned! Chou Shisi's disfigured face was already completely shapeless; even the nose and eyes were indistinguishable. But even then, he was still only ranked fourteenth... Then how ugly was the person ranked first?

Chou Shisi chuckled. "So, even if you ask me about what's going on, I don't actually know much. Even if you take me back, it's no use trying to forcefully search through my memories. The real key secrets are in the hands of the higher-ups. At most, only the top three know the full plan."

"Is Chou Yi 4 Taoist Taotie?" Zhuo Yi asked curiously.

4(i.e. 'ugly one.') "No."

The man shook his head. "The Lord's ugliness is already beyond words. That is genuine world-destroying ugliness; even we who have seen his appearance will feel nauseated, so the Lord is used to wearing a mask all the time."

Wang Ming and Zhuo Yi: "..."

Taking a deep breath, Zhuo Yi continued to ask, "The second question: isn't your sect called Fruit Sect? Why do you call it Shuigou Sect yourselves?"

"When we first started, a brother with an accent called it 'Shuigou Sect' 5 . Later on, we all felt that this name was more domineering, so we simply called it that." Chou Shisi sighed. "When we went out to grab the students, we told them that we were Fruit Sect. They weren't afraid at all at first, and thought that we were Fruit Ninja 6 ... Shuigou Sect is a much better name!"

5(Thus mixing up the pronunciation of the word for 'fruit,' 'shuiguo.')

6(Fruit Ninja is a video game developed by Halfbrick..) Wang Ming and Zhuo Yi: "..."

Zhuo Yi sighed and slowly drew closer. "Then next, tell me everything you know."

But when Zhuo Yi came near, Chou Shisi suddenly burst into laughter. He opened his mouth, and spat out a silver thread as fine as gossamer.

The silver thread abruptly enlarged itself in midair, coalescing into a small screw-like magic weapon that struck Zhuo Yi fiercely in the center of his forehead.

This was Chou Shisi's final trump card as a line of defense. However, its attack range was very limited, so he had been waiting for one of the two individuals to step forward within half a meter before releasing it. In a half-meter range, this was a great surefire move for killing someone!

Wang Ming had been cautious the whole time, but during the conversation, Zhuo Yi had let down his guard.

However, Chou Shisi was left dumbstruck when this screw weapon hit Zhuo Yi, and there still wasn't any blood on the latter's forehead; instead, the man turned to sand and scattered on the wind.

...

The next moment, he saw Zhuo Yi reappear on the other side as they returned to the previous scene.

Wang Ming reappeared, and crouched down in front of him. He put the helmet he was holding on the ground, then looked at him. "I already knew you had other tricks up your sleeve. Did you think you had already escaped my Brain Deduction Technique?"

Chou Shisi gritted his teeth. The next moment, Wang Ming walked forward with the sword and gave him a large cut on his neck.

"Ah!" The Heavenly Materials sword's unique sword qi entered Chou Shisi's body, and burning heat starting to sink from the wound layer by layer into his body, causing him to cry out in pain.

Chou Shisi fell hurting to the ground, looking a little desperate... He was slightly regretting trying to court death just now. Given the sword qi that had entered his body this time, even more of his spirit energy was sealed away, and he couldn't release even the slightest bit of it; now, even an ordinary person could do whatever they wanted to him.

From the ground, Zhuo Yi picked up that screw-like magic weapon that had failed to hit its target.

"This is the Gyro Needle, ranked tenth of all secret weapons!" Zhuo Yi recognized the small magic weapon; despite its size, it was by no means weak.

The shorter the distance, the more explosive its power; in a half-meter range without any protective measures on hand, even an unprotected Soul Formation cultivator could meet an unfortunate end.

"You dare trick me..."

Zhuo Yi's lips twitched, and he slapped Chou Shisi across the face in a fit of extreme anger!

If Wang Ming hadn't been here, he would have died!

Dying wasn't a big deal itself, but then he would never see Shifu Wang Ling ever again!

Wang Ming couldn't help laughing at this scene. "At this point, there's no use beating him up now."

Holding the Gyro Needle between his fingers, Zhuo Yi looked at Wang Ming. "Brother Er, do you know what the meaning behind the Gyro Needle is?"

Wang Ming: "Huh?"

Zhuo Yi: "Asking to be beaten up!"

Wang Ming: "..."





Chapter 351 Extra Skills Are No Burden for the Man Who Roams the World


While Wang Ming and Zhuo Yi were still tangled up in the business with Chou Shisi, Wang Ling naturally wasn't being idle.

Getting Wang Ming to use the Heavenly Materials sword to save those students was one thing, while Wang Ling's job was to mediate the conflict between two epic-level killers. After all, he had accepted Killer Taoist's gift back then, and Wang Ling understood that he should return the favor... To be honest, he really didn't want to get involved in this matter, but his hands had been unable to control themselves back then!

After learning that Wang Ming's group had gone to deal with Xiao Yuncheng, Wang Ling immediately went to Second People's Hospital; if his theory was correct, Taoist Taotie would definitely do something big here tonight.

This also aligned with what Wang Ming had deduced earlier in the car.

Xiao Yuncheng was just a delay tactic. The spirit explosion caused by just one student wasn't enough to do much. But if the hospital were to fall into enemies' hands and all the students here exploded at the same time, most of Songhai city would be thrown into disaster.

Wang Ling teleported to a park nearby Second Hospital, then slowly approached its main gate.

At that moment, there was already a SWAT team holding anti-explosion magic shields as a barrier at the entrance to Second Hospital's independent zone. It wasn't just at the gate; SWAT teams patrolled nearby streets and even swept dark alleys with spotlights.

Special times called for special measures; anyone who was the least bit suspicious would immediately be noticed.

Hence, before coming here, Wang Ling had specially asked Immortal Toya to get in touch with Director Li.

Wang Ling had just reached the gate when Director Li, who had been waiting at the entrance for a long time, came striding up to him.

As usual, he was wearing a white coat, and an ID card hung around his neck. After seeing Wang Ling, the first thing Director Li did was to give him a staff ID and a white coat similar to what he had on. These had been prepared well beforehand, and were things that Immortal Toya had gotten Director Li to arrange; from Wang Ling's appearance to his identity, the whole package was complete.

Wang Ling looked at the staff card in his hands. On it was written: Wang Hua, Chief of Psychiatry Department, Second Cultivation People's Hospital Independent Zone .

"..." The corners of Wang Ling's mouth twitched instantly.

This was obviously a fake name... but why had he become the chief of the psychiatry department?

"Please forgive me, Ling Zhenren; we had a colleague who transferred out, and he just happened to be from the psychiatry department," Director Li whispered to him. "If we didn't arrange this identity for you, you would be easily found out."

Wang Ling nodded and didn't say anything more.

Then, Director Li pulled two surgical masks out of his pocket, and after putting them on, the two of them entered the hospital easily enough.

The SWAT team at the entrance didn't ask any questions since they already knew Director Li. Seeing him come to the entrance to personally greet Wang Ling, they thought that this was some specialist who had rushed over from home. Previously, when the specialists had received the request for their consultation, almost all of the doctors who had returned to the hospital from home had been personally greeted by Director Li. Thus, the SWAT teams didn't think there was anything suspicious about it.

If anything, what was suspicious was that Wang Ling looked too young.

Thus, he thought it was very like Director Li to think of preparing these masks.

Right now, it wasn't just doctors and nurses here at Second Hospital; there were also many teachers from Number 60 High School. It would definitely be troublesome if they recognized him here.

"Let me give Ling Zhenren a rundown of the current situation."

As he led Wang Ling to the separate building, Director Li gave him a simple accounting of the current situation. "All the students who ingested the fruit have already been grouped according to class and school. After consultation with the specialists, we've developed a preliminary reagent in the short time we have to curb the production of spirit energy and to reduce the density of spirit potential inside the body. But as Ling Zhenren has probably heard, this reagent will only be effective at the most until the day after tomorrow."

When he said that, he couldn't help sighing. "To be honest, not a single person knows what will happen then."

Wang Ling nodded his head. The incident this time might appear very terrible and dangerous, but in fact, as long as Taoist Taotie stopped causing trouble and Wang Ming hurried to the hospital with the Heavenly Materials sword, it would all be over. Wang Ling's one concern was whether Taoist Taotie had some trick up his sleeve.

Director Li led Wang Ling to the elevator and scanned his staff ID as verification before he could press a button for one of the levels. This was to prevent the mentally ill patients from escaping. Without a hospital staff card, no one could take the elevator or even the fire escape down.

According to the setup in Second Hospital's independent zone, the harder the cases were to treat, the higher the levels that the patients would be on.

This time, Director Li directly pressed the button for the highest floor, the thirtieth floor. All the students who had ingested the fruit had been sent there.

Director Li: "At the moment, some of the students are in an unstable frame of mind, and half an hour ago, we asked the city office for assistance. The first batch of psychiatrists arrived before you did."

While they were talking, the lift doors slowly opened, and Wang Ling saw a familiar figure in front of him. It was a thin and tall young man. He had just accepted a white coat from a nurse and was looking at her with a wide grin. "What is the situation with the children now?"

The female nurse replied, "The director is already personally overseeing the ones that are harder to deal with. Doctor Song, you are responsible for the children in wards 12 and 13. We will have to trouble you to look after them."

Doctor Song patted his chest confidently. "No problem, just leave them to me!"

Wang Ling: "..."

This familiar figure with the familiar voice and trademark white teeth... Sure enough, it was Lie Mengmeng!

It was only later that he found out that it was Lie Mengmeng's university professor who had recommended him here. Lie Mengmeng had studied psychology at university, and previously had even resolved the old man's mental issue.

The female nurse nodded, infected by his positive attitude. "Doctor Song, do your best! But I don't understand... why aren't you working directly in the field of psychiatry?"

The female nurse: "Then... what happened?"

Lie Mengmeng: "I later realized, I don't get even half a penny."

The female nurse: "..."

Lie Mengmeng: "But actually, I feel it's pretty easy work. The salary is just so-so, but I can make some easy, extra money on the side with jobs like this!"

The female nurse: "..."

"It's like one particular author on our website: he writes books, songs, lyrics and plays, and even produces cartoons and videos. Although it doesn't seem like he's doing his actual job, he actually gave us a profound reason for it."

Lie Mengmeng stared at the female nurse and said, "Extra skills are no burden for the man who roams the world!"





Chapter 352 Everyday


Following Director Li's lead, Wang Ling straightaway took the fire escape on the thirtieth floor up to the hospital's rooftop.

It was a wide area equipped with fitness facilities. The hospital patients usually had one to two hours of outdoor activity daily. The area was enclosed on all sides with a thick metal fence several times the height of a person in order to prevent patients from jumping off the building. Several years ago, there had been a number of cases where mental patients had jumped off the building during the outdoor activity.

If you wanted to further discuss this issue, you'd have to talk about the Gate Between Worlds from six years ago. Before it had descended, there had actually been a lot of omens, such as animals behaving strangely, but no one had paid any attention to them; since the Spirit Energy Information era, natural disasters could be predicted several days in advance with the use of scientific instruments.

It just so happened that in the days leading up to the descent of the Gate Between Worlds, everything had been dead quiet, without even a single wisp of cloud in the air. There were some whose cats and dogs had kicked up a fuss, but in the end, they had just smacked their pets with their slippers...

One day before the gate descended, the mental patients who had been on Second Hospital's rooftop for the outdoor activity suddenly had had petrified looks on their faces before they started laughing like crazy, as if they were following a script.

At the same time, they had all charged forward madly, and in the end had rushed off the rooftop as one by one they did the Leap of Faith 1 .

1(A maneuver in the video game 'Assassin's Creed' when a player jumps from a high place) Based on expert analysis after the incident, mental patients were much more sensitive to fluctuations from the Gate Between Worlds! This was the reason for their extreme response on the rooftop.

Since then, the people thoroughly believed the old saying: Mental patients have their own way of thinking! ...

It had already been six years since the Gate Between Worlds descended.

Standing on the rooftop, Wang Ling still couldn't forget his shock when as a child he had watched the news broadcast play the surveillance footage of those mental patients going mad and jumping off the building.

Wang Ling felt that that incident had actually been quite traumatic for him. A high cultivation realm was one thing, but mental development was another.

That year, he had only been ten years old.

So in every sense, he actually really admired how Father and Mother Wang had taught him.

Many people had yet to nurture their three views at the age of sixteen, and would still be feeling lost. The best example would be Xiao Yuncheng, who thought he had become powerful after he had eaten the fruit, and consequently had lost his sense of self.

Wang Ling didn't necessarily think he himself was very mature - there were times when he could be quite childish in doing something. But he was proud at feeling that his three views were still healthier than many of his peers.

He had always felt that comparing himself with those cultivators who had truly reached the peaks of their realms step by step was unfair to them; he still had so much more to learn. His parents had already given him good psychological grounding since young; now, he had to find his own way.

There were some who had yet to figure out the meaning and beauty of life despite already being alive for more than half their lives.

Wang Ling had always thought that there had to be a meaning for his inherent realm; this was what he had been searching for all this time in his everyday life.

What was an everyday life?

He felt that a classic line put it best: "Every day that we go through might be a series of miracles that happen 2 ."

2(This is a line from the Japanese manga series 'Nichijou') Mm, back to the story.

Director Li had brought him to the rooftop for a specific reason.

To be frank, the moment Wang Ling had set foot in the building, he had already sensed faint, abnormal fluctuations which were very clearly coming from the hospital's rooftop.

Seeing Wang Ling's slight frown and the considering expression on his face, Director Li nodded his head. "It looks like shifu's speculation was absolutely correct." When Immortal Toya had come to the hospital earlier, he had also sensed that something was obviously wrong, but his perception wasn't as precise as Wang Ling's.

Someone had already started something up here.

Wang Ling walked to the center of the rooftop and gazed at the ground beneath this feet.

An invisible magic array, its function unknown, had been put down here. Furthermore, it was a very sophisticated setup.

Of all the magic arrays that he had encountered so far, Wang Ling felt that this was at least in the top three.

There were quite a number of array experts in cultivation history, such as the legendary Immortal Zhenyuan, while in modern history, Immortal She Pi's array expertise was second to none.

Wang Ling crouched down and touched the ground. He tried pushing spirit energy into the magic array to make it collapse, but failed; it was like a clay ox entering the ocean - it didn't have the slightest effect.

Unraveling an array was like dismantling a bomb - it required expertise.

You had to crack the array's code by deciphering and analyzing its structure in order to discover its core array pattern before you could destroy it. But the tough part for Wang Ling now was that this magic array was invisible and covered in layers and layers of protection - it wasn't that he couldn't crack the code; it was just that it would take some time.

Hm, very troublesome.

It would have been great if they had a magic array expert right then.

Wang Ling thought in his heart.

At the very least, it would save him a lot of hassle.

Just as he was thinking this, Wang Ling suddenly heard soft footsteps coming up the corridor behind them.

Who was it?

He turned his head for a look.

Director Li was startled by Wang Ling's response. When he also turned to look, he saw a bright youngster in a tracksuit slowly approach them.

Director Li instantly broke out in a cold sweat; he had forgotten to lock the door to the rooftop just now, and unexpectedly, someone had come up here. Furthermore, he hadn't noticed at all! This person's aura was so faint and didn't match his sunny appearance at all; it gave Director Li a bad feeling in his bones.

"Who are you? You're not supposed to be here." Director Li stared at the newcomer.

Fang Xing walked out from the shadows and raised both his hands with a wide smile. "Senior Immortal Toya asked me to come and take a look."

"Our people?" Director Li raised his eyebrows.

"I'm Fang Xing, I only joined the chat group recently. Director Li probably hasn't met me yet." Fang Xing gave his trademark smile.

Wang Ling thought that this smile was Fang Xing's most distinctive trait; it was very bright, and every time he smiled, the corners of his mouth always curved up in the same way. It was hard to tell whether it was fake or not.

"So you're Brother Fang Xing." Director Li breathed a sigh of relief after Fang Xing introduced himself.

Although Director Li hadn't met Fang Xing before, he had heard from his shifuImmortal Toya that the youngster had played a significant role in the arrest of the Master of Immortal Mansion previously, and that he was very strong.

Of course, that was all Director Li knew. After the Immortal Mansion incident, everyone involved had agreed never to mention Fang Xing's true identity again.

Wang Ling had never expected that Fang Xing would actually come here.

"The person with the mask ahead of us is Classmate Wang Ling, right?"

Fang Xing smiled. "Your disguise can't fool anyone. Next time, it'd be better for Classmate Wang Ling to wear sunglasses as well, otherwise anyone can tell who you are with one look at your eyes!"

Wang Ling: "..."

Director Li: "Ling Zhenren discovered an invisible array here, but it seems a little hard to decipher. Since Brother Fang Xing is already here, how about we help protect Ling Zhenren together?"

"An invisible array?"

Fang Xing touched his jaw. "I have some understanding about arrays, how about I take a look at it? Actually, I'm an expert in arrays."

Director Li: "Does Brother Fang Xing study arrays?"

Fang Xing grinned. "That's right - my dad was into them, so I inherited it from him."

Hearing this, Wang Ling suddenly dropped his forehead into his hand; it was only then that he remembered that Fang Xing was Immortal She Pi's son.

If Fang Xing hadn't said anything, Wang Ling would have almost forgotten.

Earlier, he had said that it would have been great if they had an array expert; he had never thought that one would actually show up.

For the first time in his life, Wang Ling also thought that his mouth was very "bright."





Chapter 353 Bro...ther Fang Xing?


It was past ten o'clock at night, and Wang Ling and Fang Xing were dealing with the array when Wang Ming sent word that Xiao Yuncheng was now under control. Furthermore, they had also captured a mid-level member of Shuigou Sect, Chou Shisi. After a preliminary interrogation, however, they had discovered that he indeed knew very little.

Despite this, Wang Ling at the very least now knew something that could be considered pretty important, and that was that Shuigou Sect's hierarchy was based on appearance. Wang Ming had taken a photo to send to Wang Ling, and had even used the beauty filter so that it wasn't too vomit-inducing... but even with the filter on the maximum setting, this face was still incredibly horrific to look at.

The middle-aged man who had been arrested in the park previously for kidnapping young girls had also been very ugly, but at the very damn least he still had regular features... In comparison, this Chou Shisi's features just looked like paste!

This also confirmed a second thing, which was that the middle-aged man who had been caught in the park was just a Shuigou Sect small fry.

As Fang Xing was examining the structure of the invisible magic array, he glanced at the image from Wang Ming out of the corner of his eye, and he couldn't help the way his expression twisted.

With just a casual look over Wang Ling's head, Director Li was also dumbstruck. "Hahaha! This person's face is a real piece of work! Did Picasso draw it?"

Fang Xing: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

Then the question now was, if Chou Shisi was already that ugly, then how ugly were the top individuals in Shuigou Sect?

As soon as they found out about this ranking system in Shuigou Sect, this was the one question that almost everyone automatically thought of.

...

Just as Wang Ling had said, analyzing an array took skill. It wasn't that he couldn't decipher the invisible magic array under their feet; it was just that he wasn't skilled at cracking the code. Furthermore, if he had to use his Heavenly Eye to do it, it would be just like making a mountain out of a molehill.

If all else failed, he would have to resort to force.

This had always been Wang Ling's style growing up, from when he had crushed that magic sword as a child.

"The array is a little tricky, but it can definitely be cracked." Fang Xing lowered his head to the ground and stared at it for two or three minutes. He then nodded his head, then straightaway bit his finger and drew a form-revealing seal with his blood.

Narrowing his eyes, Wang Ling examined the seal. Immortal She Pi had been a renowned array expert back then; more than just a specialist, he had been at the very least a legendary master.

Among the many things that Fang Xing had inherited, Wang Ling thought there probably had to be notes that Immortal She Pi had left behind as an array expert. This was the real treasure, and what all the array experts were frantically pursuing to this day.

In one phrase, that notebook in magic array circles... was the "One Piece" 1 !

1(From the manga of the same name, which refers to the ultimate treasure all pirates are after ..) It was obvious that Fang Xing had inherited Immortal She Pi's teachings.

After all, he was Immortal She Pi's biological son.

"I'm ready!"

After drawing the form-revealing seal, Fang Xing placed both of his hands flat on the ground, and with a shout, he poured a torrent of spirit energy into the ground.

In the blink of an eye, the invisible magic array revealed itself in spectacular fashion; it was a complex weave of runes that had a radius of six meters. After it was exposed, a formless shape lunged at Wang Ling from the center of the magic array, like a ferocious beast.

This was the array spirit!

Wang Ling reacted very swiftly as he stretched out his hand to grab hold of it, rendering it immobile.

After that, he tightened his grip slightly, and with a bang, the shape instantly exploded.

This scene astounded Director Li, who was standing on the side. Although this wasn't a holy array, it still ranked as a top array... but this array spirit actually hadn't even been able to survive half a second in Wang Ling's hand.

Ling Zhenren's strength was too terrifying!

With the array spirit destroyed, the magic array was no longer functional. But one thing still remained unclear, and that was the purpose of this array.

Staring at the exposed array, Wang Ling pondered over the runes left behind.

"If I'm not wrong, this is a resonance magic array."

Fang Xing crouched down and brushed one hand over the runes. "Resonance arrays usually don't show up alone. There are probably more of them on the rooftops of nearby buildings."

"What's the purpose of setting up all these arrays?" Director Li asked curiously.

"After studying it, I can confirm that these are probably cache arrays for amassing spirit potential on a large scale..."

Eyes narrowed, Fang Xing's smile gradually disappeared, and his expression suddenly turned solemn as he sighed. "If I'm right, this is most likely Shuigou Sect's true purpose in getting the students to ingest the spirit fruit: the amount of spirit energy they'll be able to collect from the spirit explosions will be unimaginable!"

Director Li's face changed color. "What do they want with so much spirit energy?"

Fang Xing stood up, his severe expression smoothing out. "We won't know without further investigation. But one thing we know for sure is that Shuigou Sect doesn't have pure motives."

Wang Ling also stood up and looked calmly at Fang Xing. He already had the answer, but he didn't say anything; he still needed to catch and interrogate someone from the other side in order to verify his deduction.

Director Li furrowed his eyebrows; he felt like he had just learned something extremely serious. "Then what should we do now?"

"Now, we can only ask Ling Zhenren to protect the students."

Fang Xing raised his head to look at Wang Ling with a smile. "I'll check out the nearby buildings; if there are any other magic arrays, I'll destroy them."

Director Li: "Brother Fang Xing... on your own? You'll be fine?"

"Of course, I'll be alright." Fang Xing smiled faintly.

In the next moment, Director Li saw him stamp one foot, and ten scale pieces actually appeared, floating around Fang Xing.

When this youngster swallowed these scales, Director Li then saw his frame shrink and her hair visibly lengthen down to her waist. Obsidian armor formed over her, molding itself evenly to her ample figure.

What the fuck?!

What was going on?

Director Li was stupefied at this scene.

"I'm off." Fang Xing's lips curved up, but it was completely different to her male form; in this form, her face instead had more of a seductive charm.

She pushed off on her feet and straightaway disappeared like the wind, so fast that Director Li's eyes were unable to catch up.

It took him a very, very long time to come back to his senses.

With a stunned expression on his face, he turned around to stare at Wang Ling: "Senior Ling... from now on, should I call this person Brother or Sister Fang Xing?"

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 354 Lie Mengmeng's Psychiatric Treatment


At the same time, Lie Mengmeng was conducting his psychiatric treatment in an orderly fashion.

It was Secretary Dakang from the Alliance of Ten Thousand Schools who had instructed for this to be carried out.

The severity of the Shuigou Sect incident lay not just in the fact that the students who had ingested the fruit could ultimately generate a spirit explosion; it could also be very traumatising. Psychiatric treatment thus was undoubtedly necessary.

Not only would Lie Mengmeng tell them that there was no shortcut in cultivation; he would also warn them of the error of their ways in eating the fruit so that they could reflect on it.

Six students had been divided between wards 12 and 13.

Lie Mengmeng entered a ward with a roll of names. "Students Guo Hao, Chen Chao and Su Xiao, please get ready, the psychological counselling is about to begin. This is compulsory for everyone, please cooperate."

There was no response to his words in the room; it could even be said that the atmosphere wasn't the least bit tense.

"..."

Lie Mengmeng's lips twitched, and he struggled to keep the smile on his face.

Looking away from the roll of names, he lifted his head and caught sight of Guo Hao and Chen Chao, each of them with a game console in their hands. Both of them were probably playing some online game, and were so absorbed that their faces had turned very red, while Su Xiao was sitting by a bed and watching them.

Lie Mengmeng put his hands on his waist and pointed at one of them as he pretended to be angry. "Can you be a little serious... put your game consoles away!"

"We just ate some fruit, the teachers are making a fuss over nothing." Guo Hao reluctantly put his game console away, and when he looked up and met Lie Mengmeng's gaze, he was instantly astonished. "Doctor Song? Why is it you?"

It was only now that Lie Mengmeng finally saw his face clearly.

Instinctively, his eyes welled up. "..."

Damn it! Why was it him!

...

To this day, Lie Mengmeng had been unable to forget when Guo Hao had personally showed him how to conduct an anal exam during Number 60 High School's physical examination for the military training... Even when he slept, he would dream of his ass being demolished - the psychological trauma was too deep!

"Haha, I never expected to run into Doctor Song here again today."

Guo Hao scratched his head and laughed like a fool. "Are you going to give us psychological counselling?"

Lie Mengmeng heaved a bitter sigh. "That's right..."

Guo Hao: "So, are you doing part-time work again? Short of money again?"

"..." Lie Mengmeng instantly took an arrow to the knee.

Damn! Cut me some slack!

He put his hands on his waist and straightened his back with difficulty. "I'm qualified, alright?!"

Although it had been many years since he'd graduated from university, he had studied under a great teacher, and he felt that he would never forget whatever knowledge of psychology he had gained in university back then, no matter how many more decades went by. The most crucial thing was that he hadn't neglected his psychology studies all these years, and had obtained certification as a qualified psychiatrist; otherwise, the city office wouldn't have assigned him this task.

In the last few years in particular, the country had become obsessed with certification; in the most extreme case, you needed certification to prove that your mother was your mother.

Lie Mengmeng laughed. "So? Want to see proof of my qualifications?"

"It's fine, it's fine - this isn't like several years ago, when things were really chaotic. For example, some people even became kindergarten teachers without any qualifications, and ruined the flowers of our motherland in particular! " Guo Hao sighed and waved his hands.

Lie Mengmeng forced a smile. "How unexpected that you this little fatty would understand things so well!"

"My uncle told me."

Guo Hao sighed and pointed bitterly at his own face. "I really wonder if it was those crappy teachers who ruined my face when I was younger."

Lie Mengmeng: "..."

Chen Chao shook his head and patted Guo Hao's shoulder. "Lao Guo, don't lose heart; actually, you're not that ugly... you're even quite pleasant-looking."

Su Xiao also nodded his head. "It's not like you won't be able to get a wife in the future anyway; good looks don't count for much. Don't you still have your parrot Er Dan? Why haven't we seen it around recently?"

Guo Hao dropped his forehead into his hand. "...It also ate the fruit. It's now being examined at the vet."

Chen Chao: "..."

Su Xiao: "..."

Lie Mengmeng: "..."

...

Roughly five minutes later, Lie Mengmeng's psychological counselling officially began.

He called the three of them together and started with the first step.

Deftly twirling a pen in one hand, he lowered his head to look at the medical records which he was holding in the other, then looked at them and asked, "Why did you eat the fruit?"

This was actually an important question. On the way to the hospital earlier, every teacher-in-charge had asked a similar question. In the end, they discovered that some of the students truly hadn't eaten the fruit as a shortcut in cultivation for the sake of growing stronger... instead, they completely hadn't understood what was going on, and had accidentally eaten it.

So before the official psychiatric treatment, Lie Mengmeng felt that it was necessary to be clear on the situation.

After all, this psychiatric treatment was aimed especially at those students who had deliberately eaten the fruit for the sake of power.

Lie Mengmeng pointed at Chen Chao. "You speak first."

Chen Chao nodded his head. "I have a friend... when I went back home after school that day, I texted him to ask how I could get stronger quickly in a short period of time. He told me it would be hard to do in a short time frame - unless I had a cheat. I only needed to eat the fruit, and I would obtain endless power. Then, he demonstrated how to eat it. Later, I realized that I didn't need this thing... If I wanted to get stronger, I definitely couldn't eat a fruit no one knew anything about."

Lie Mengmeng's lips twitched. "And then?"

Chen Chao let out a sigh. "But my mom didn't know; she thought that a relative had sent us this fruit. She straightaway cut it up and put a dish of it on my table. When I ate it, I thought it was just regular fruit."

Lie Mengmeng: "..."

He took a deep breath and looked at Guo Hao. "Then what about you...?"

Guo Hao: "My case is pretty much the same. Everyday after school, I give Er Dan some slices of fruit to eat: I eat the skin, it eats the flesh. This way, the both of us fell into Shuigou Sect's trap."

"So you're all saying that you ate the fruit by mistake?"

Lie Mengmeng was surprised, and turned to the last person, Su Xiao. "And why did you eat the fruit?"

Su Xiao smiled awkwardly and scratched his head. "I was hungry!"

Lie Mengmeng: "..."





Chapter 355 Descendants of the Flame Emperor


Returning to a little after ten o'clock, while Wang Ling and Fang Xing were still dealing with the magic array...

After capturing Chou Shisi alive, Wang Ming and Zhuo Yi finally found Xiao Yuncheng in an alley. His eyes were blood red. The fruit which Shuigou Sect had fed him had almost completely broken down in his body; from afar, they could already feel an indescribable sense of oppression.

It was different from the spiritual pressure released by a normal cultivator; it was an aura pressure that was out of control, and was an extremely dangerous sign that the concentration of spirit energy inside Xiao Yuncheng was about to reach the saturation point.

Wang Ming wiped at his sweat. They had been delayed for too long with Chou Shisi.

Luckily, they had caught up before it was too late, and there was still time to turn things around.

"What now, Brother Er? We can't get close at all." Both Zhuo Yi and Wang Ming could sense that dense oppression from the mouth of the alley. If it wasn't for the long johns that they were wearing, this pressure might be even stronger.

To some degree, Xiao Yuncheng's aura was now approaching the peak of the Nascent Soul stage.

Given this out-of-control aura pressure, it was a miracle they could even withstand it, let alone move.

Once again, this showed how formidable the fruit developed by Shuigou Sect was. With the energy it contained, a person who was only at the Foundation Establishment stage could amass spirit energy inside the body and forcefully enhance themselves to an unimaginable degree; Xiao Yuncheng was now suffering both physical and mental agony.

But Zhuo Yi was keenly aware that it was fortunate that the person was Xiao Yuncheng.

The Xiao clan's selection system for promotion in the inner and outer sects was very strict. As the Xiao clan's number one disciple in the outer sect, Xiao Yuncheng would certainly have put in more effort than a regular person. If the person standing here had been someone else besides Xiao Yuncheng, it was likely that they wouldn't have been able to endure for so long.

"Don't worry, I'll set you free straightaway." Spirit energy poured from Wang Ming's ring into the sword he was holding.

With a loud pop, the Heavenly Materials sword unexpectedly transformed into a beam of light which flew straight at Xiao Yuncheng!

It actually split its aura?

Zhuo Yi was astounded; he hadn't known that the Heavenly Materials sword had this ability.

Not only could this sword qi be used to seal spirits, it could even ignore spiritual pressure.

"What an abnormal sword... good thing shifu took it back!"

Zhuo Yi was petrified as he had this thought.

He was also extremely glad that the Master of Immortal Mansion's plan to forge a sword had ultimately been unsuccessful.

The materials used in the Heavenly Materials sword were indeed the best; the Master of Immortal Mansion had devoted almost half of his life to creating this sword. Zhuo Yi had already evaluated its workmanship and concluded that it was a first-class holy weapon. In this age, countless cultivators would already consider this a priceless treasure.

Typically, if you were in a battle with a disparity in realms, it was very important to have a magic weapon that could surpass your opponent.

In the battle with Fang Xing back then, the Master of Immortal Mansion Cheng Yu had used this Heavenly Materials sword as well as his intrinsic spirit field. At just Itinerant Immortal level, he still had had the power to fight Fang Xing even after the latter had used two supreme spells in succession to enter True Immortal mode; he had even ended up coming out on top.

This was enough to prove how frightening the Heavenly Materials sword was.

Its only shortcoming was that it lacked a sword spirit.

Thirty percent of a spirit sword's strength depended on its substance, and seventy percent on its sword spirit.

Obviously, Cheng Yu had been deeply aware of this, but most unluckily for him, he had targeted Jingke.

...

Since they weren't able to get any closer, Wang Ming had already thought of using the Heavenly Materials sword's ability to attack from a distance.

As the Heavenly Materials sword went out in that moment, the aura which Xiao Yuncheng was emitting deep in the alley was dispelled by sword qi. Wang Ming and Zhuo Yi seized the opportunity to approach Xiao Yuncheng as the spiritual pressure receded.

Xiao Yuncheng lurked in one corner of the alley, red eyes darting warily in all directions like a feral animal.

His response was very quick; when he saw the sword light coming at him, he actually jumped straight up, easily evading the spirit sword's attack.

It wasn't fast enough to hit him!

Wang Ming was relying on the spirit charge stored in the ring to control the spirit sword, and so he couldn't match cultivators who used their own strength to operate their spirit swords.

Given the current situation, Zhuo Yi didn't think there was any use in him wielding the Heavenly Materials sword himself - enhanced by the fruit, Xiao Yuncheng's speed and strength had already surpassed the Golden Core stage. Only a person who was at the very least at the Nascent Soul stage or the Soul Formation stage stood a chance of attacking Xiao Yuncheng with this sword.

"Brother Er, can we use the Brain Deduction Technique?" Zhuo Yi recalled Wang Ming's confrontation with Chou Shisi earlier. If they could use this brilliant skill to trap Xiao Yuncheng in the "Inception" dreamscape like they had done with Chou Shisi, then they might stand a chance!

"It doesn't work when the other party is mentally confused." Wang Ming shook his head.

This was one of the limitations of the Brain Deduction Technique. The first step was the most crucial, and in fact worked like hypnosis; it created a suggestion, and the enemy was then unknowingly drawn into the Brain Deduction Technique's space.

Unfortunately, if the other party's thoughts were a mess, a suggestion couldn't be used, and the technique wouldn't take hold.

Now that he had been provoked, Xiao Yuncheng snarled even more wildly and bared his teeth as he stared at Wang Ming and Zhuo Yi.

The strong killing intent coming off him made Zhuo Yi's hair stand on end.

"Brother Er, be careful!"

"I'll handle it!"

Wang Ming raised his hand again, and radiant light burst forth from the ring as a scroll flew out of it.

"Xiao Yuncheng, look at what this is!"

Holding the scroll aloft, Wang Ming pulled on the red string at the top to unfurl it.

Zhuo Yi was astonished when Xiao Yuncheng took one look at the drawing inside and actually stopped moving! Even his killing intent completely disappeared!

At that moment, he seemed to regain some of his senses, and even the red in his eyes seemed to subside a fair bit.

Finally, he actually dropped to his knees on the ground!

"Now!"

Taking advantage of Xiao Yuncheng's sluggish state, Wang Ming operated the Heavenly Materials sword and came up behind the youngster to give him a cut on his shoulder that was neither too deep nor too shallow.

All the red in Xiao Yuncheng's eyes was dispelled, and his aura continued to weaken until he finally fell over on the ground with a plop.

"Brother Er, what kind of amazing magic treasure is this?" Zhuo Yi was utterly stunned at this scene.

Wang Ming tossed the scroll to him. "Nothing special, it's just a drawing."

Looking at it, the corners of Zhuo Yi's mouth twitched. "..." It was actually a portrait of the Flame Emperor using the Angry Buddha Fire Lotus!

Wang Ming gazed at Xiao Yuncheng on the ground and waved his hands helplessly. "Members of the Xiao clan are all descendants of the Flame Emperor, so they have deep feelings for this ancestor - it's a natural response for them to kowtow when they see his image."

Zhuo Yi: "..."





Chapter 356 Parents and Teachers


Some of the teachers from Number 60 High School were sitting in Second Hospital's breakroom drinking coffee. They were all feeling physically and mentally exhausted. Although Golden Core cultivators could stay up for several days on end, even going dozens of days without sleep, they couldn't endure the ongoing "tiredness" of the spirit and mind; even Golden Core cultivators couldn't withstand it continuously.

No one had expected this to happen at this critical juncture after school today. After getting off work, the teachers had hurried over to the hospital one after another to care for the students as well as to placate agitated parents.

While most of the parents were in fact reasonable people, there were inevitably some agitators. When something happened to their children at school, they didn't look to themselves, but would blame the school and the teachers first, to the point that female teachers would feel like their balls were aching when they didn't even have balls.

Actually, with this Shuigou Sect incident, apart from those like Chen Chao, Guo Hao and Su Xiao who had eaten the fruit by mistake, the reason why the students had eaten the fruit for the sake of becoming stronger was closely related to how they were brought up at home.

The students who had eaten the fruit in order to obtain power had parents who generally had very high expectations of them. If they didn't achieve the scores their parents wanted in their tests, they would instantly be berated or even beaten and scolded.

When all was said and done, this was in fact the parents' fault.

The pressure they put on their children was just too much.

According to the way most parents thought, apart from wanting their children to do well on the college entrance exam, they also wanted them to reach the Golden Core stage before they graduated from high school; that way, they could get the government's super spirit elixir subsidy, and their future prospects would be bright and prosperous.

But how could it be so easy to reach the Golden Core stage?

In this modern day and age, the time it took to get to the Golden Core stage from the Foundation Establishment stage had been greatly reduced with the assistance of various kinds of elixirs and supplements.

But while the time it took was shorter, many parents had ignored a very important issue, and that was talent - in equal circumstances, some people might be able to reach the Golden Core stage in a very short period of time, while others might need decades or even centuries to do the same.

Talent was not something that could be enhanced by eating an aptitude elixir like in a game; after all, there was no such thing in the real world.

But parents were in the end parents... they would always believe that their children were prodigies and the smartest! They should be able to reach the Golden Core stage in no time!

This kind of parents were the ones which teachers usually couldn't stand and who gave them extreme headaches.

Nowadays, you couldn't speak the truth in society, otherwise you'd be hated.

...

A group of Number 60 High School teachers were chatting in the breakroom. At that moment, Teacher Ye entered with a dejected face, his complexion as white as a corpse.

"What's the matter?" A female teacher stood up and helped him sit down.

Seeing his state, Teacher Pan hurriedly gave him a glass of water before sighing. "Most likely those parents were making a commotion."

Hearing this, Teacher Ye's eyes unexpectedly turned red and he looked extremely wronged.

A moment later, Lao Gudong also came in with a very unsightly expression on his face.

Teacher Pan cupped her chin in her hands. "From both your expressions, is it possible that the parents you ran into are Hu Su's, from the remedial class?"

The female teacher nearby was surprised. "Teacher Pan, how can you tell?"

"After all, these are the most difficult parents to deal with in our school." Teacher Pan looked at the young female teacher. "You haven't been posted at Number 60 High School for very long, but you'll become acquainted with them sooner or later."

Teacher Pan dropped her forehead into her hand with a bitter smile. "This Hu Su has already repeated a year four times in our Number 60 High School... and he's still in Grade One's remedial class."

The female teacher: "Our Number 60 High School only has one remedial class, right? And although it's the remedial class, it has the best teacher!"

Teacher Pan shook her head. "It's useless; for students who are truly unable to study, even joining with Lord Wen Qu Xing 1 won't be of any use."

1(Wen Qu Xing is one of the nine Emperor Gods, or the nine stars around the Big Dipper, and is the god of language and culture.) The female teacher: "..."

Lao Gudong leaned against the wall and sighed. "Hu Su's mother is too much. It's fine if she just scolded me, but she even jabbed a finger in Old Ye's face and called him trash... She asked him why he was so bad in teaching her kid to study, to the point that the boy had eaten the fruit to become stronger. The problem is, Old Ye is just a PE teacher!"

The female teacher: "..."

"If Old Li the school guard hadn't held her back, it looked like Hu Su's mother would have started a fight. We've already found a psychiatrist to calm her down, and Headmaster Chen has personally gone to see her."

Lao Gudong patted his face helplessly. This was the first time that he didn't even have the appetite to eat some latiao . "Why did we end up with this kind of parent..."

"There's no help for it."

Teacher Pan also spread her hands. She gazed at the frustrated Teacher Ye on the side and racked her brain for something comforting to say.

Any teacher, even one who taught PE, would suffer a blow to their pride when their teaching ability was called into question. There was a saying that a master could lead you to the door, but the rest was up to you; after the dishes were cooked, you had to learn to eat it yourself... teachers nowadays were eager to personally feed their students, but unfortunately there were some students who were still too lazy to open their mouths.

There truly wasn't anything else that could be done.

"Teacher Ye, don't feel too depressed..."

Teacher Pan crouched down and pointed out the window. "Look! A sky full of stars!" 2 .

2(This is adapted from the first line in the closing song of the Chinese cartoon "Spiritpact." Fans joked that they 'didn't want to see stars,' or that they didn't want the episode to end ..) "..."

Teacher Ye lifted his head, his face expressionless.

The breakroom had also lapsed into temporary silence because of Teacher Ye's dispirited mood. Every teacher would have their abilities called into question in the course of their career. For the older teachers, this was already a common occurrence, while the younger ones who saw Teacher Ye's miserable state felt a little panic sprout in their hearts.

However, as a pioneer teacher at Number 60 High School, Teacher Pan was indeed Teacher Pan.

She immediately analyzed the overall situation. "I actually have a deep understanding of situations like Teacher Ye's today. A small number of parents often do question my teaching ability. As a teacher who has been on the front line of Number 60 High School for many years, I suggest that all of us teachers should learn to cultivate a positive attitude."

"Then... what should we do?" asked the young female teacher.

"It's very simple," Teacher Pan replied. "Can't you shift the blame onto someone else? Even though I teach the elite class, in my first lesson every year, I stress again and again that they're the worst class I've ever taught!"

The teachers: "..." This was a popular phrase in the teachers' circle, and now they'd finally found its source!

Teacher Pan looked at Teacher Ye and smiled. "Teacher Ye, don't be too discouraged. A parent might have ridiculed you today, but at least you still don't have a girlfriend yet! There's still half a year left! We should strive to look ahead!"

"..."

Hearing this, Teacher Ye couldn't help the tears that streamed down his cheeks as he felt even more grieved.





Chapter 357 The Moment You Open the Delivery


Teacher Ye's tragic experience confirmed one thing, and that was that the relationship between parents and teachers was far from as simple as it seemed. Although they started out the same in wanting the children to make progress, there were times when even the teachers had the urge to become hostile when they ran into unreasonable parents.

Hu Su's mother was very notorious in Number 60 High School. Her son had toiled hard in Grade One's remedial class for four years, but still continued to repeat it, and she would make trouble daily. Almost everyone in the school had heard of her, but a few of the younger teachers who had only just been posted here, and had yet to become completely familiar with the "business," were still in the dark.

Over the years, Headmaster Chen had tried all kinds of ways to have Hu Su withdraw from the school because of the problem with his mother. Hu Su wasn't an interim student, but was officially enrolled in Number 60 High School. Every year, the exams always took into account the total scores of the whole school, and every year, Hu Su's scores would drag the school down.

At this critical juncture when Number 60 High School was on the cusp of being promoted as a key city high school, Headmaster Chen really didn't want anything to go wrong.

However, there was a good saying that it was easy to invite the devil in, but hard to get rid of him...

Number 60 High School had personally enrolled this student Hu Su. Although his parents were somewhat unreasonable, his living and study habits weren't bad, and he was an obedient and sensible person who often helped the teachers and his classmates... It was just that his scores couldn't improve no matter what! Actually, urging an official student to withdraw from school purely on the basis of their poor scores wasn't reasonable. Furthermore, if word of this got out, the school might be accused of "improper education."

As a result, all the various ploys that circled around in Headmaster Chen's mind were thus scattered.

The most painful part of the whole matter was that upon careful consideration, Hu Su's mother's words were actually quite reasonable... Once my child entered the school, he became an official student of your Number 60 High School, even if he's just in the remedial class. His living and study habits and his character are all very good, but his scores haven't improved at all. It's been a full four years, there hasn't been any progress at all... if it's not the school's fault, then whose fault is it?

This made Headmaster Chen feel indescribably miserable.

In the breakroom, Teacher Pan and the other old teachers took this opportunity to tell the new teachers all the stories about Hu Su and his mother; this bunch of younger teachers started to have deep misgivings about their jobs, when they had previously been looking forward to a career in education.

It turned out that nowadays, it wasn't just doctors who could no longer save people...

Neither could teachers...

While they were chatting, Teacher Pan abruptly realized that Lao Gudong had disappeared. "Eh? Where's Old Wang?"

One teacher replied, "It looks like the headmaster came looking for him just now. Old Wang also teaches the remedial class history; I heard that he's an old hand at comforting Hu Su's mother."

Anyone who entered the workforce would feel that working wasn't easy - this was true of any profession. Apart from settling down and getting on with life, you also had to learn how to speak well and be on guard against people who could make things difficult for you.

In this world, you had to learn to compromise.

In the current era of national cultivation, many cultivators carried on with the same line of cultivation work, like Immortal Toya performing alchemy, and Luo Chuang running his metalware store and doing smithwork. The work was extremely complex, but also extremely lucrative. Most crucially, this was work which didn't depend on playing nice with other people.

After persuading Hu Su's mother to leave, Lao Gudong leaned his fat body against a wall and pondered for a very long time... Actually, his reasons for deciding to become a teacher were very complicated.

If he had to name one, it was because he thought that it was a very honorable profession.

After he finished chewing a latiao in the hospital toilets, Lao Gudong felt much calmer. He then looked at the time and frowned a little... He had made an online purchase earlier, and the electronic receipt had indicated that it would be arriving in twenty minutes.

Now that it was almost time, he was wondering whether he should go to the hospital's main entrance to receive the delivery, but just as he lifted his foot to step outside, there was a voice from the toilet cubicle next to him. "Excuse me, are you Mr Wang?"

"..."

Lao Gudong was stunned.

"...Yes, that's me."

After he said that, Lao Gudong opened the toilet door, then saw a man dressed in diving gear crawl out of the squat toilet...

Dripping wet, the man then bowed respectfully to Lao Gudong. "Shun Feng God Express! Mission accomplished guarantee!"

Lao Gudong was still in a state of shock. "...How did you get in?"

He had long heard that this Shun Feng God Express company currently had the most efficient express delivery team in the country; if you had goods that needed to be delivered ASAP within the same city, they would reach the customer under twenty minutes as long as the goods were marked 'urgent'! However, this was the first time that Lao Gudong was experiencing it for himself, and it was truly broadening his horizon.

How had this courier gotten in, when outside was being so heavily guarded by the police? This was the magic question.

The courier was panting. "There are too many police officers outside; sending this package was really not easy. After I took on this delivery, I drew a blueprint to figure out sir's coordinates, then I dug a tunnel from a park three hundred li away; using the bone-shortening technique, I entered the city's sewer system. Finally, after verifying your location, I found sir here. Mm, Mr Wang, after you've received the delivery, please be sure to give me a five-star comment!"

Lao Gudong: "..."

While he was speaking, the courier took out a square box from his storage space. "Your delivery, sir."

Lao Gudong: "...It's not broken, is it?"

The courier: "The box is waterproof, so it's not a problem. But whether the item inside is intact or not... it's hard to say."

Lao Gudong: "I added insurance..."

"Oh, of course. If the item is broken, we'll definitely refund you. But I don't in fact know whether the item inside the box is broken or not - it might be fine, it might not." The courier analyzed the situation seriously. "According to the theory of quantum mechanics, there is a possibility it could be broken and intact at the same time."

Lao Gudong: "..."

The courier: "It's only the moment when you open the box that these two possibilities will converge into one! This is that very famous theory called Schrödinger's cat."

Hearing this, Lao Gudong almost fell to his knees. "I'm sorry, big brother, I'm wasting your time..."

The courier nodded, unperturbed, and took out a grading device. "It's our job to answer any queries the customers might have. Will sir please evaluate my service? If there are any problems with the delivery, please tap on the feedback button at the bottom of the electronic receipt on the app, and we'll get someone to follow up on it!"

The corners of Lao Gudong's mouth twitched, and he pressed the "Five Stars" button with shaking hands... were couriers nowadays all this awesome?





Chapter 358 A Showdown Between Two Epic Killers One


Seeing Lao Gudong press the button for a full score, the little brother courier nodded in satisfaction. It really wasn't easy being a courier nowadays. Except for the money he earned based on the number of deliveries he made, his monthly and year-end bonuses were determined by his customer ratings, so a full-score rating was very important.

Whether it was a courier little brother or food delivery little brother, both had one thing in common, and that was if they were a little late, their customers might give them a bad rating. Lao Gudong suddenly felt that these people would do anything for the sake of good ratings.

Everyone should be understanding of each other in society nowadays.

In some online news on social issues, there were reports of couriers or food deliverymen being personally attacked for being a little late - this was very poor behavior. Every single individual was a person with parents who had raised them; whose heart wouldn't ache when they saw their children being beaten and scolded?

After accepting the package, Lao Gudong saw the courier little brother put the diving gear back on. "How are you going to get out?"

The courier little brother smiled. "The same way I got in. It's so heavily guarded outside, so this was the only way to get in. Luckily, I learned the bone-shortening technique from a senior called Men Youping 1 when I was younger, otherwise I definitely wouldn't have been able to deliver this urgent item to you in time."

1(The nickname given to the character Zhang Qilin in the novel series 'Tomb Robbers,' and which translates to 'sealed oil bottle.') "..."

Lao Gudong was still in a daze after hearing "Men Youping" these words.

Half of the courier little brother's torso was already inside the squat toilet when he said, "That, Mr Wang, can I please trouble you to help me press the flush button?"

Lao Gudong: "..."

Then, with the sound of flushing water, this courier little brother in professional diving gear disappeared down the squat toilet...

Lao Gudong waited for him to leave before he opened the delivery box. It looked very big, but in fact it only contained a very small glass bottle inside. The glass bottle was wrapped in a layer of foam and rested in the middle of the box, still sealed.

Pushing the foam aside, Lao Gudong took out the glass bottle and checked it repeatedly for damage before he was reassured - who knew what could have happened before this box had arrived. If the bottle had been damaged in transit, the medicinal property of the elixir inside would leak through even the smallest crack, severely reducing the efficacy of the elixir.

Lao Gudong had bought this elixir online; it would play an important role in the upcoming battle.

...

Elsewhere, Wang Ling stood alone on the hospital rooftop as he gazed calmly at his surroundings.

Director Li had already left to do his own thing. His task had just been to bring Wang Ling up to the rooftop; he actually couldn't be of much help beyond that. After all, they would be facing one of the very few epic-level killers in the world of assassins. Director Li was at the Golden Core stage; even if he had ten lives, they wouldn't be enough.

Naturally, Wang Ling wasn't being idle; the whole time he had been on the rooftop, he had been preparing for the possibility of battle.

According to Killer Taoist's intelligence, Taoist Taotie's current realm was probably Itinerant Immortal or even True Immortal level. Wang Ling didn't know if Lao Gudong had made any progress in his cultivation while he had been teaching all these years. In theory, however, he should be an Itinerant Immortal.

Which meant that at the very least, this epic-level clash of killers would be between two Itinerant Immortal cultivators...

Without proper preparation, a battle between two Itinerant Immortal cultivators could directly destroy Songhai city, without even chaiqian funds 2as compensation.

2('Chaiqian' translates to "demolition and relocation," and refers to the large-scale rebuilding of older urban areas in China. This has become a significant socioeconomic issue, with some people being forcibly evicted.) And if it was a battle between two True Immortal cultivators, the destruction would at the very least be on a national level.

As for tearing the earth apart... Wang Ling felt that given where the Spirit Energy Information era was currently at, except for when his strength wasn't being suppressed by the Dao talisman seal, no one else was capable of doing such a thing.

In each corner of the rooftop, Wang Ling put down a rune. These four runes were linked; as long as someone set foot here, the runes would automatically form a boundary which would permit people to enter but not leave.

Wang Ling had already destroyed the invisible magic array which Taoist Taotie had set up earlier. As the array maker, Taoist Taotie would surely come to check whether it was working properly.

When that time came, the fish would have taken the bait.

The boundary formed by this four-corner array would create a completely independent space on the hospital rooftop; no matter how fiercely these two individuals fought, as long as the boundary held steady, the fluctuations created by Itinerant Immortals wouldn't get out.

That way, at least, innocent bystanders wouldn't be involved.

Now, all he had to do was wait for the main protagonist to show up...

Actually, Wang Ling wasn't very good at being a mediator... After all, from the moment he had been born to when he had crushed that precious sword when he had been a year old, what he had been best at was "demolition"!

Wang Ling sighed in his heart and casted the aura concealment spell; like a chameleon, his entire being transformed and seemed to become one with the air.

...

Roughly ten minutes later, as Wang Ling had anticipated, Lao Gudong pushed open the rooftop door as he lugged his fat body up here.

At the same time, a black figure wearing a face mask also dropped from the sky. The two fellow brothers who had not seen each other hundreds of years appeared at the same time and in the same place, as if they had arranged to do so.

They faced each other and didn't speak. Neither of them noticed Wang Ling's existence, and were even more unaware of the boundary that he had secretly set up.

Wang Ling didn't want his identity exposed in front of Lao Gudong. No matter who he had been before, Lao Gudong was now still Wang Ling's history teacher, and Wang Ling didn't want their teacher-and-student relationship to break down because of this. Otherwise, Lao Gudong would have to call him Perfected Being Ling, which would make him very uncomfortable.

Tens of seconds later, tremendous spirit waves unexpectedly surged up behind these two.

This was the spillover of excess spirit power from the release of spiritual pressure, and the latter, which was originally invisible, transformed to take on a visible form, manifesting as raging waves.

Wang Ling frowned; from that instant when the spirit power had exploded, he could tell that these two people's strength was beyond his estimation - they were actually even stronger than he had imagined!

The spirit power was so dense that the spillover didn't just change form, it also distorted the surrounding space.

Wang Ling observed everything from his secret hiding spot.

Boom!

At that moment, the spirit waves on both sides abruptly rolled forward and clashed together in a loud explosion.

Neither of them was injured, though, as they both took a slight step back.

Under the face mask, Taoist Taotie sneered. "Senior brother... Your appearance has changed, but it seems that your cultivation is stronger than before you left the assassination circle. What? Are you planning to make a comeback?"

Lao Gudong smiled slightly and waved his hand. "There's no way I'll be returning in my lifetime... It's better to be a teacher! It's not worth living all my days in fear."

Hearing this, the corners of Taoist Taotie's mouth couldn't help twitching. "Junior has already seen how senior brother has gone into hiding... you're actually hiding as a teacher in a school? You're better at evasion than JiaYueting 3 !"

3(Jia Yueting is a Chinese businessman who was blacklisted in China in late 2017 for unpaid debts. He subsequently refused to return to China and settled in California ..) Lao Gudong: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 359 A Showdown Between Two Epic Killers Two


A showdown between two epic-level killers was no less outstanding than the duel between the old devil and General Yi back then. The difference was that the old devil and General Yi's duel had taken place in the limelight, while Wang Ling was the only spectator to the clash between these two epic killers.

As the night wore on, Lao Gudong and Taoist Taotie stood across from each other on the rooftop of the hospital as a cool breeze brushed past.

The lights on the rooftop had long blown out in the clash between auras earlier.

The floodlight covers had directly been shaken to fine powder that had disappeared somewhere along the way.

The clash of auras had also created a mottled pattern of cracks over the ground, which looked very foreboding from a distance.

Wang Ling suddenly felt that it had indeed been the right decision to send Director Li away and to set up the boundary on the rooftop himself.

These two individuals were very powerful; from the explosive power in the auras, they were at the very least stronger than anyone else Wang Ling had ever seen.

In spirit power alone, these two people were more or less on par with the Master of Immortal Mansion, Cheng Yu, but their explosive power was truly frightening... This kind of explosive power was something you could only accumulate after hundreds or even thousands of years.

A regular cultivator had to go through a process to generate spirit power and then spiritual pressure.

Even at its shortest, it still took a few seconds.

But at that moment, whether it was Lao Gudong or Taoist Taotie, both of them had erupted at once; not including Wang Ling, only these kind of people who had been dealing with assassins for years could do this.

Watching the fight, Wang Ling realized that after the brief exchange of words following the clash of their auras, the two of them had lapsed into a deep silence again.

It wasn't because these two fellow brothers who hadn't met for too long were at a loss at what to say - it was that they just didn't know where to start.

Both their hearts were actually in a mess.

After a good while, it was still Lao Gudong who opened his mouth first. "I want to know your true aim."

Wang Ling's eyes lit up slightly at this question.

Judging from the invisible array on the rooftop earlier, Taoist Taotie was planning something on a massive scale, and it wasn't just for the sake of revenge; he was only borrowing the motive of "revenge" in order to carry out another aim. The invisible array could stockpile spirit power; when a spirit explosion occurred, it would be able to collect a considerable amount of spirit power.

And as for the ultimate aim of amassing such tremendous amounts of spirit power... whatever it was, Wang Ling could pretty much guess that it probably wasn't for anything good.

Lao Gudong's question caused Taoist Taotie to fall silent for a good while before he smiled bitterly under the face mask. "Senior brother, do you really not know, or are you just pretending?"

In the end, Taoist Taotie took a deep breath and said, "Of course, it's to open the Gate Between Worlds!"

"Why do you want to open the Gate Between Worlds?"

Lao Gudong narrowed his eyes. "Even if you want to activate it, you should know that the Gate Between Worlds cannot be opened consecutively within a short timeframe." He had already detected fluctuations from the Gate Between Worlds during the survival contest at the combined military training exercise for the six schools previously. Lao Gudong had never forgotten it. But later, the Gate Between Worlds had somehow disappeared, and no one in the field had known why.

Later on, General Yi had attributed the incident to a mistake on the old devil's part.

There was no way in the world that Lao Gudong could ever have expected that the person responsible for shutting the Gate Between Worlds was in fact watching both fellow brothers right now from the shadows.

"They say that to summon the Gate Between Worlds, you can only do it every five years. But it's not impossible at all to summon it consecutively within a short timeframe." Taoist Taotie sneered. "Each time the Gate is summoned, it requires a massive amount of spirit power. And as long as my plan succeeds this time, the spirit power I'll have accumulated will be enough to summon the Gate Between Worlds ten times over."

Using tenfold the spirit power to summon the Gate Between Worlds... What kind of operation was this?

Since his first encounter with the Gate Between Worlds six years ago, Wang Ling had done a lot of research privately, but he had never heard of summoning the Gate at double or more of the spirit power required.

First of all, the five-year cooldown period was set in stone and couldn't be changed at all. Furthermore, if you wanted to summon the Gate Between Worlds, you didn't just need to know the summoning array; the most important thing was the reserves of spirit power required. To summon the Gate, the old devil had used up more than a hundred holy weapons. Thus, Wang Ling's first reaction was that Taoist Taotie had misunderstood something about summoning the Gate Between Worlds.

You needed to use the summoning array exclusive to the Gate Between Worlds in order to summon it, and you couldn't use a forged array - in this case, an equivalent exchange was useless!

"After you've summoned the Gate Between Worlds, what then?" Lao Gudong continued with his questions.

"Based on reliable intelligence I received, there's a type of holy water on the other side of the Gate that will be able to restore my looks," Taoist Taotie replied.

This answer was quite simple and crude, and could be summed up in four words: I want plastic surgery!

Everything ultimately came down to Taoist Taotie's face.

Wang Ling could still remember that piece of gossip from Lao Gudong's history class.

In fact, Taoist Taotie hadn't been born ugly; it was only because he had cultivated the wrong art that his face had become warped, becoming more and more ugly. No matter what plastic surgery he had, or what appearance-molding elixirs he used, he would instantly revert back to his original appearance in less than a quarter of an hour...

Lao Gudong never expected that this would actually be the root of all evil in this entire affair.

He had somewhat underestimated his junior brother's obsession with plastic surgery and molding...

"Senior brother probably can never understand how painful it is to be ugly, right?" Taoist Taotie touched his face mask and said, "Everything changed after I turned ugly. We two fellow brothers were equally famous in the world... But every time we ran a mission, you were the only one whom people remembered, not me! They couldn't even stand to look at me!"

"Junior brother... you're thinking too much." Lao Gudong was stoic.

"Not at all!"

Taoist Taotie yelled, "I once had to kill a hoodlum for an employer, and it hadn't been an easy mission. But when I was settling the account, I received a poor rating - do you know why?"

Lao Gudong: "???"

Taoist Taotie: "He asked me why my ass was always facing him!"

Lao Gudong: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

Taoist Taotie clutched his chest as he gasped in agitation. "The whole world only focused on my ugliness; whoever saw my face would puke... Black Gauze was the only exception! But you! Actually killed him!"

Lao Gudong was silent for a while before he sighed. "I didn't know that the two of you were so close..."

Taoist Taotie's face mask trembled, and he released thick killing intent. "I have already laid down thirty invisible arrays for stockpiling spirit power within a radius of five hundred li. My plan will work!"

After that, Taoist Taotie stretched out his hand. "It's over there, my invisible magic array is set up over... there... ah? Where's my magic array?"





Chapter 360 A Showdown Between Two Epic Killers Three


Who was it?!

Who the hell was the one who had done it?!

Taoist Taotie howled with rage under the face mask, the whistling sound directly turning into a shock wave that blasted Lao Gudong. The latter raised his hand and dispelled the shock wave easily.

"Senior brother... you did this, right?"

It was as if the roots of Taoist Taotie's teeth were trembling as he spoke.

Lao Gudong: "???"

The culprit, Wang Ling, was secretly observing them nearby. "..."

For some reason, Wang Ling felt that things had become more troublesome.

Since the beginning, except from that initial collision of auras, these two people had yet to demonstrate any clear intention to fight... This made Wang Ling feel pretty awkward as he watched them from the side, because it was only when the real fight began that he could be useful.

So he felt very helpless as they wavered between fighting and not fighting.

Besides, there was another problem, and that was if they started fighting for real... how on earth was he going to help mediate this fight and resolve the conflict between these two fellow sect brothers without revealing his own identity?

Wang Ling had gone through Mother Wang's novel outline from beginning to end, and in the array of skills that she had drafted out, there weren't any for carrying out large-scale mass attacks; most of them were once-off assassination attacks, all of which were tailor-made for killers.

Thus, Wang Ling figured that if these two really did fight, it was likely that it would be a close-range battle which involved the use of secret weapons. And the most famous of all the close-range battle skills that Mother Wang had written down in her novel was the "One Thousand Years of Death"...

Hence, Wang Ling felt that if these two people really started fighting, it would definitely make for a spectacular picture.

Facing each other, the two fell silent for several minutes before Lao Gudong slowly said, "In fact, you never planned to sacrifice those children downstairs for the sake of amassing spirit power in order to restore your appearance, did you? The reason why you created such a huge commotion was simply for the sake of drawing me out. If this magic array for amassing spirit power is truly that important, you definitely wouldn't be reacting like this."

Taoist Taotie's face darkened under the face mask. "What do you know, senior brother?"

Lao Gudong: "When we picked up that original techniques manual, you and I automatically entered Ghost Ax Sect. You've revered shizun since you were young, and even if we've never seen her in person, you would never violate the sect rules that shizun wrote on the title page of the techniques manual. Our Ghost Ax Sect might teach people to be assassins, but we only kill the nefarious in the cultivation world."

Speaking up to this point, Lao Gudong sighed. " Shizun did say that for every notorious person we killed, we would gain a hundred killer merit points. When we reached a million points, we would be able to meet shizun . But if we harmed the innocent, our merit points would be reduced by half a million. Since the day we found that original techniques book, you and I have been dreaming of meeting shizun . This is the one thing about you that will never change."

Wang Ling was astonished by this remark... because Mother Wang had indeed written about the killer merit points in her novel outline - the problem was that this was just a plot setting in the outline!

Wang Ling dropped his forehead in his hand as he suddenly felt a deep ache in his balls; who would have thought that these two people would actually interpret it to this extent...

...

"So, when I found out that you were behind this, I wasn't worried at all. I grew up with you; when you were a kid, you were reluctant to even kill an ant - how can you murder this group of innocent children?"

Speaking up to this point, Lao Gudong simply sat down crossed-legged with a very solemn expression on his face.

Feeling around in his pocket, he took out a bag of latiao . Sticking one in his mouth, he held up the bag and asked the man in front of him, "Do you want any? It's delicious!"

"..."

For a long time, Taoist Taotie was speechless. Then he took a deep breath. "Aren't you going to explain the incident with Black Gauze?"

Lao Gudong was silent for a moment before he said sorrowfully, "It was indeed my fault, which is why I've been atoning for it all these years..."

"But he was just a six-year-old child..." Taoist Taotie lowered his head, and two tears actually fell from under the face mask to drop onto the ground; although Wang Ling was far away, he could see this scene very clearly.

"I know."

Lao Gudong's expression was as heavy as the atmosphere around them. "Since then, you always refused to listen to my explanation. Of course, I know that any type of explanation would be worthless to you. Back then, I had just returned from running a mission, and I hadn't seen you for a while, so I didn't know about Black Gauze's existence at all, or that the two of you were actually so close."

Taoist Taotie clenched his fists. "After I turned ugly, Black Gauze was the only one who would acknowledge my existence. Even you, senior brother, became like everyone else, and wouldn't look me in the eye."

"You're wrong."

Lao Gudong suddenly looked up. "I have never once discriminated against you. After you destroyed your appearance through cultivating the wrong art, I also tried cultivating it in order to find a solution... But unfortunately, I failed."

Taoist Taotie was stunned. "What do you mean, senior brother?"

Lao Gudong sighed. "Because I too cultivated this wrong art, I became obese. I didn't mean to hide from you; I just didn't want you to see what had become of my appearance..."

Speaking up to this point, he took out a glass bottle he had been holding; this was the delivery he 'd received in the toilets earlier. "In this bottle are extremely strong appearance-molding pills which I found online. They're just enough to restore me to my previous appearance; unfortunately, it doesn't last as long anymore. When I had first turned fat from cultivating the wrong art, the effects of one of these pills could last for two to three days, but now, it's very difficult to last even two or three minutes."

Wang Ling was astonished; who would have thought it would turn out to be this kind of story.

As he listened to everything, Taoist Taotie gritted his teeth. The mood was now so laden with grief that Wang Ling himself felt a little sorrowful and didn't know what to say.

"I harmed Black Gauze, and became fat from cultivating the wrong art. More importantly, I didn't want you to see my current appearance. So after that, I straightaway quit the assassins' circle. Now I'm serving as a teacher, which can be considered a kind of atonement..."

Lao Gudong said all this with a bitter smile. He stood up from the ground and walked toward Taoist Taotie step by step.

He opened his mouth, but was unable to say anything. He already couldn't help the way his eyes were brimming with tears.

After a good long while, he finally plucked up his courage to ask, "Well, junior brother, can you... forgive me?"

For a very, very long time, Taoist Taotie didn't respond as he already couldn't help sobbing under the face mask.

These two fellow sect brothers, who had already been locked in a feud for a long time, had actually turned into crybabies after seeing each other again.

The corners of Wang Ling's mouth twitched at this scene.

He had spent half a day setting up this boundary, but in the end, these two people didn't even try to fight for a second... this really wasn't giving him face!

As Wang Ling sighed ruefully in his heart, Taoist Taotie took out a photo and stared at Lao Gudong as he said in a voice choked with emotion, "You... a-apologize to Black Gauze! Then I'll forgive you!"

At the same time, from his secret hiding spot, Wang Ling stared at this photo and was already stupefied!

Mm... if he was seeing it correctly...

Black Gauze in the photo...

...

Was a black tortoise...





Chapter 361 Gorgeous Itinerant's Great Weapon


Elsewhere, Wang Ming's operation had proceeded very smoothly; after hurrying to the hospital, he had immediately gathered all the kids together and sealed their spirit with the Heavenly Materials sword.

Zhuo Yi had put up a curtain screen and had gotten Wang Ming to treat the kids behind it. After all, sealing their spirit involved cutting each of them with the Heavenly Materials sword, and if they did it blatantly and openly, neither the students nor their parents would be able to accept it.

As reality proved, Wang Ling and Lord Thunder's theory had been spot on.

The Heavenly Materials sword did have a miraculous effect on unusually concentrated spirit power!

After Wang Ming sealed the students' spirits, the hospital re-examined the concentration of spirit power inside the students' bodies, and found that they were gradually coming down to the normal levels expected of the Foundation Establishment stage.

But given the seal on their spirits, this bunch of kids wouldn't be able to use their spirit energy for the next three to five days.

Zhai Yin stood behind Wang Ming with a deep frown on her face. "You're pushing yourself too hard."

Wang Ming shrugged nonchalantly. "It's not a big deal - I'm not using my own spirit energy anyway to control the spirit sword."

But while this was true, he did indeed feel a little tired. He was the hero tonight, but he seemed to have forgotten that he was still an ordinary man. Furthermore, in the confrontation with Shuigou Sect's Chou Shisi earlier, he had indeed used up quite some strength with the Brain Deduction Technique.

"This should be the last student, right?" Behind the curtain, Wang Ming yawned as he looked at Zhuo Yi and asked.

Zhuo Yi nodded and pressed the call button. The student was ready and waiting outside, and he directly stretched his hand in through an opening.

Holding the Heavenly Materials sword with both hands, Wang Ming stood up and aimed the sword tip at a spot on the student's arm.

But just then, he started to feel dizzy, and the student's arm seemed to split up in front of his eyes, turning into countless shadows.

Then.

" Clang !" The Heavenly Materials sword dropped from Wang Ming's hands onto the floor with a loud noise.

Zhai Yin heaved a sigh. Before Wang Ming could fall down, she supported him with a steady hand, then directly picked him up in a princess carry.

The atmosphere immediately turned silent. Zhuo Yi's eyes widened at this scene.

Zhai Yin stared at him. "You deal with the last kid. I'm going to have him take a rest; we'll come back for the sword later."

Zhuo Yi: "Al...alright..."

...

On the rooftop, the two fellow brothers were still discussing what had happened in the past.

With the passing of so many years, their moods and states of mind were actually a lot more stable than they used to be, so today was a rare opportunity.

Using this opportunity, they could talk out various misunderstandings; this was probably the most peaceful way of resolving things.

They sat crossed-legged in front of each other. Holding the photo of Black Gauze in his hand, Lao Gudong couldn't help sighing gloomily. "I'm sorry, Black Gauze... you were only six years old, but I did that to you..."

Watching from the shadows, Wang Ling wanted to flip a table - what freaking six-year-old child!

Taoist Taotie felt a twinge of sadness, and he directed a piercing stare at Lao Gudong from under the face mask. "I still want to know, what were you thinking at the time..."

Lao Gudong answered, "Junior brother, you should know that your senior brother is typically worried about health. When I saw Black Gauze back then, I could tell at one glance that it was a spiritually enlightened baby tortoise you'd only ever come across once in a hundred years. In Chrysanthemum House, this type of rare quality tortoise would cost at least two thousand immortal gold bars when turned into a dish... it is in fact a food supplement that usually isn't treated as a pet."

Taoist Taotie's face under the mask suddenly turned black as the corners of his mouth twitched. "So...that's why you turned him into tortoise jelly 1 ?"

1('Guilinggao' literally translates to 'tortoise jelly' and is a jelly-like Chinese medicine that is also eaten as a dessert ..) Wang Ling: "..."

Thinking about Killer Taoist's previous story about keeping a dog and eating it, Wang Ling now finally understood where he had learned this from... as expected, like master, like disciple!

Taoist Taotie looked very sorrowful under the face mask. "Everything happened so suddenly. In the time it took me to go get my hair done, senior brother turned Black Gauze into tortoise jelly!"

Lao Gudong lowered his head with regret. "I was wrong, I was really wrong."

Taoist Taotie gritted his teeth firmly. "Later, you must come with me to burn incense at his grave!"

After a short silence, Lao Gudong finally nodded. "Very well."

Taoist Taotie breathed a sigh of relief. "Don't worry about those kids downstairs. I've already sent people to deliver the antidote to each household. After this is all over, I'll disband Shuigou Sect... we can consider this incident a lesson for those kids. We might be where we are now because we picked up Ghost Ax Sect's original techniques manual, but we still had to walk the cultivation path step by step."

Lao Gudong: "Hm, junior brother is correct."

Wang Ling was stupefied when he heard the whole story. There were too many things about it to ridicule, and he didn't know where to start!

This was even more absurd than the old devil invading the National Palace for the wheel of time in order to find his girlfriend's reincarnation.

Wang Ling had seldom seen Lao Gudong as docile as this.

The good news was that they had solved their conflict in a relatively peaceful way; Wang Ling felt it would have been really troublesome if they had fought for real.

It already wasn't easy for them to sit down and talk things out peacefully after they had parted ways for hundreds of years. This proved that they hadn't completely given up on each other - was there any other better ending than being able to bury the hatchet?

Standing inside the boundary, Wang Ling felt satisfied when he saw this scene.

Earlier, Zhuo Yi had sent him a message to say that the matter with the kids in the hospital had been resolved, and that the unusual spirit power generated by the fruit had been perfectly sealed with the Heavenly Materials sword.

This incident had come to a perfect end.

And so, Wang Ling raised his hand to undo the boundary, and was prepared to leave.

But right at that moment, something seemed to strike Taoist Taotie as he abruptly looked at Lao Gudong. "Senior brother, there was something else... the intelligence division of the organization which provided me with this information said that you had some supreme weapon on you?"

At this, Wang Ling paused - his gossipy heart was aroused once again!

Lao Gudong couldn't help laughing at this question. "Who told you that?"

Taoist Taotie. "Is the information false?"

Lao Gudong shook his head. "No... indeed, I did have one before, but now, it no longer exists."

Taoist Taotie asked, "What do you mean?"

Without saying a word, Lao Gudong popped one of those potent appearance-molding pills which he had found online into his mouth.

It immediately took effect after he swallowed it... in a flash of spirit light, Wang Ling saw Lao Gudong's entire body transform from head to toe.

Realization immediately dawned on Taoist Taotie.

Gorgeous Itinerant's great weapon was actually this!

This was also Wang Ling's first time seeing Lao Gudong in the form of Gorgeous Itinerant... He didn't know how to describe Lao Gudong's current appearance.

He touched his nose, and realized that it was actually bleeding.

Hm...

This was indeed a lethal "weapon."





Chapter 362 Lao Gudong's Epilogue - Demon World Holy Water One


After many years, the two fellow brothers from Ghost Ax Sect appeared in the demon world.

They were thrown out of a storm and landed on the top of a cliff. The wind was laced with freezing cold demon qi that pierced through the bone, and the two of them couldn't help frowning.

Lao Gudong couldn't help sighing. "So this is what it's like inside the Gate Between Worlds... As expected, it's very different."

Taoist Taotie nodded his head. "No wonder people say that the environment here is very harsh; it's difficult just trying to withstand the demon qi alone. Given my and senior brother's realms, we can just barely handle it, but a person at the Soul Formation stage or below who shows up here without any protective measures won't last even a day."

Speaking up to this point, Taoist Taotie suddenly felt rueful. It was a good thing that he hadn't impulsively gone through the Gate Between Worlds years ago... The conditions here were far worse than he had imagined.

But this time, the two fellow brothers had resolved their differences and had made ample preparations before coming here, which was a source of deep relief to Taoist Taotie.

They were here for the legendary demon world holy water.

Based on reliable information which Taoist Taotie had obtained many years ago, the demon world holy water could be found in a remote village inside the Gate Between Worlds. With the holy water, they would be able to completely get rid of the side effects of cultivating the wrong art.

Taoist Taotie revealed a rare, excited expression when he thought about how he could take off his face mask after wearing it for hundreds of years. "Senior brother, we'll definitely succeed!"

Lao Gudong nodded. "Let's hope so; just let nature take its course."

On the cliff, they unfolded the map to reconfirm the location of that village. This map had been extremely costly for Taoist Taotie to purchase from a dealer in precious maps. These map dealers traveled all over the world the whole year round and collected precious maps of secret locations. It was a lot more convenient if you had a map of the secret location; at the very least, you wouldn't need to worry about getting lost in an unfamiliar place.

This map of the Gate Between Worlds was part of the map dealer's collection, and he would update it regularly. While the Gate Between Worlds only opened once every five years, there would always be big shots who would emerge halfway from traveling around the Gate, and the dealer would get the latest updates from them.

Of course, it was extremely costly to buy this type of map.

There was no way regular people could afford to buy it.

The two fellow brothers had had to pool their funds together in order to buy this one map, and in preparing to enter the Gate Between Worlds this time, they had used up almost all of their savings.

These were two epic-level killers in the murder industry... what more was there to say about anyone else?

Staring at the map, Taoist Taotie felt like his heart was bleeding. "Senior brother... if we're unable to find this demon world holy water, wouldn't we have spent all this for nothing?"

Lao Gudong: "Hm... if we can't find it, we can just travel around the Gate Between Worlds, draw a new, updated map, then sell it."

Taoist Taotie: "..."

There was this kind of operation?!

After confirming the location, they instantly set out. It was impossible to absorb spirit energy inside the Gate and store it as spirit power inside the body since the spirit energy here was very thin. They could only take spirit power supplements and ensure that they weren't consuming spirit energy continuously; if they grew short of spirit power, it would be very dangerous for them.

For a short-term operation inside the Gate Between Worlds, the smartest method hence was to get things done as quickly as possible. This time, however, the two fellow brothers had prepared enough elixirs for two people to use. If they were careful with how much they used, the elixirs could last them for about three months.

They had made all of these preparations for the sake of the demon world holy water.

They were determined to obtain it.

The coordinates which the dealer had marked on the map were very precise, and following the map, the two individuals finally found that remote village.

According to the map dealer's description, this village wasn't very old, and had actually only been established several years ago. Furthermore, the village chiefs were two human cultivators who had entered the Gate Between Worlds by mistake. They had survived by relying on an abundant supply of demon world holy water, and in the end they had simply put down roots here and established a village.

As the both of them approached the village entrance, they frowned deeply at the view in front of them.

This was because the spirit energy inside this village was abnormally dense! Unlike the sparse spirit energy everywhere else in the Gate, the spirit energy here was as dense as if it had been gathered a hundredfold with a spirit gathering array. Just approaching the village entrance gave you a carefree and relaxed feeling. In a world with sparse spirit energy, this village was simply like a refreshing oasis in the desert.

Not only that, Lao Gudong even saw that there were many types of spirit grass and trees that had been planted in the village. These varieties were the kind which relied on a pure environment in order to grow. In an extremely harsh environment like the Gate Between Worlds, which was filled with demon qi, it should be impossible for them to survive.

How was this possible?

"Senior brother, look..."

Stretching out one finger, Taoist Taotie used spirit energy to draw in a bit of demon qi from the air around them, and it transformed into a purple spirit light which hovered above his fingertip.

The moment he pointed his finger at the village, this demon qi actually disintegrated in a blink of an eye.

Taoist Taotie theorized, "It appears that the dense spirit energy around the village has already formed a natural barrier which the Gate's demon qi can't penetrate at all. This village probably doesn't even need to worry about being attacked by demon beasts; these beasts hunt prey with the help of demon qi, and since the village is cut off from demon qi, the demon beasts wouldn't be able to enter at all."

Speaking up to this point, both of them had pleasantly surprised expressions on their faces. This was like an utopia inside the Gate Between Worlds!

As they were thinking this, they suddenly saw a man carrying a bamboo basket on his back walk out of the village.

"Huh? Human cultivators?" That person was astounded to see them, but showed no sign of fear.

When they didn't respond, the villager became anxious. "Don't just stand there, hurry up and come in first... the demon beasts will sense you if you're outside."

After he spoke, the villager pointed to a stele at the entrance. "See this stone? This is the boundary line."

Startled, the two of them hurriedly stepped into the village in perfect rhythm, as if they had rehearsed the move.

The villager couldn't help laughing. "Are you here for the holy water?"

They were taken aback once again, and Lao Gudong nodded. "That's right."

It was obvious that this villager was already used to this. He heaved a sigh. "You're not the first to come here looking for the holy water, but to be able to find our village, you must be men of great ability. But if you want the holy water, you have to meet our chief first. He's busy at the moment, so how about you come to my place first?"

Taoist Taotie: "Will that be alright?"

The villager replied with a smile, "Of course it's alright; after all, you're our clients, and our chief has said that the customers are god."

They followed the villager down the road, and met the hospitable gazes of many other villagers along the way.

Lao Gudong asked, "Are there many people living here?"

"Not many, since this village hasn't been around for very long. The first ones were some cultivators who became trapped inside the Gate and weren't able to get out. The chiefs then discovered a use for the holy water, and so took it upon themselves to establish this village," the villager replied.

Taoist Taotie: "Then what do you normally do here?"

The villager thought for a while before he answered, "We're very laid back; we plant melons, we plant grass, but our main business is selling holy water... sometimes we also weed the socialist wool 1 ."

1(This is part of a revolutionary phrase in support of socialist values ..) Lao Gudong: "..."

Taoist Taotie: "..."





Chapter 363 Lao Gudong's Epilogue - Demon World Holy Water Two


The villager's house wasn't far, just three to four li away from the entrance. Along the way, Lao Gudong and Taoist Taotie enjoyed the scenery.

Just as the villager had said, there weren't many people living here, and most of them had low cultivation realms. Lao Gudong guessed that these were all cultivators who had accidentally entered the Gate Between Worlds in the past.

This fit what the villager had said earlier.

Each time the Gate appeared, its descent and opening would create a violent storm which would always suck in nearby innocent cultivators. According to the record of the Gate's opening last year, at least a hundred thousand cultivators had been swallowed up by the Gate.

Obviously, the cultivators living in this village were the survivors.

How much despair must these weak cultivators have felt back then, when they'd gotten drawn into this place?

Lao Gudong sighed in his heart even as he enjoyed the scenery; this was probably the so-called light at the end of the tunnel, and it was this village.

As they approached the villager's house, they could suddenly feel themselves enveloped in dense spirit power.

They were once again astounded. The house was clearly made out of ordinary materials, but it contained a ridiculous amount of spirit power!

Just as they were about to comment on it, this affable villager stood in front of the house and smiled hospitably. "I haven't introduced myself yet: my name is Tiger Li, and I'm a first-generation inhabitant. This is my house!"

Under the face mask, realization dawned on Taoist Taotie.

So this man was a first-generation inhabitant; no wonder he knew the village's history in so much detail.

"Your house is made of very common materials, but it contains an extraordinary amount of spirit power. Does this also have something to do with the holy water?" asked Lao Gudong.

Tiger Li nodded his head without any hesitation. "That's right; our entire village was built with very common materials, almost all of which we collected ourselves, while we made the tiles and bricks as required. As for why they're so dense with spirit power... we added holy water when we were making the tiles and bricks."

So it was like that...

Lao Gudong and Taoist Taotie both sighed in their hearts.

"These two sirs, please come in and have a seat." Tiger Li showed them in with a smile.

After that, he instantly poured them two bowls of water which he placed in front of them. "This is holy water, please have some."

Lao Gudong and Taoist Taotie were shocked. "You're just giving it to us like this? Didn't you need to wait for your chief to come back..."

Tiger Li smiled. "This actually isn't much; at the most it can quench your thirst and replenish your spirit energy. You braved large dangers in order to find our village, so surely you are in need of a huge amount of holy water. It is this large demand which will require our chief's approval."

"So it's like that..."

"In fact, every household has a store of holy water. At the beginning of each month, the chief will give each villager several barrels. I just happened to have some left, and it's just two bowls; please feel free to drink it. Treat it as sampling the product," Tiger Li said.

The two fellow brothers nodded. Since the man had said that, they no longer needed to stand on ceremony, and lowering their heads, they tossed the small bowls of holy water back without hesitation.

"Tastes good!" It was as sweet as sugar water!

They didn't feel much at first when they drank it, but after the water completely entered their bodies, they could feel their exhaustion being swept away in an instant.

The two fellow brothers stretched out their hands and found their palms glowing with spirit light; this was an indication that their spirit energy had been completely replenished and was full to overflowing.

"How magical..." Both of them sighed.

This one bowl of holy water was actually better than spirit energy supplements!

Composing himself, Lao Gudong continued to ask, "You said before that we weren't the only ones to have come for the holy water - who else have been here?"

"That's right." Tiger Li nodded. "Additionally, most of them were suffering from some tricky ailment or other, and hoped that the power of the holy water would cure them. Indeed, the water can have a miraculous effect on hard-to-treat cases, but it depends on the person's specific condition."

"In what way?" asked Lao Gudong.

Tiger Li pointed at the bowl on the table. "As you can see, although the holy water has magical properties, the effect of one bowl isn't much. The amount of holy water needed depends on your specific condition or how severe your symptoms are, and only the chief and deputy chief can determine that."

So it was like that... the two fellow brothers were enlightened.

"These two sirs don't have simple backgrounds; based on my experience, I'm guessing that you require a massive amount of holy water." Tiger Li smiled slightly.

Lao Gudong raised an eyebrow. "How do you figure?"

"When both sirs arrived at the village entrance, you were calm and composed; it's impossible to move around the Gate Between Worlds without supreme realms."

Tiger Li theorized, "In addition, you were moving in a very specific direction, and you came directly to our village. You probably bought a map from a map dealer, otherwise it's usually almost impossible to find this place. It goes without saying how powerful you are if you can afford to purchase a map of the Gate Between Worlds... You must be renowned figures in the cultivation world outside."

Lao Gudong and Taoist Taotie were taken aback when they heard this - the villager was actually spot on!

Speaking up to this point, Tiger Li rubbed his head. "Perhaps these two sirs wonder why I know so much about the thing with map dealers... in fact, it was our chief who sold them the maps."

Lao Gudong: "..."

Taoist Taotie: "..."

"Although the Gate Between Worlds only opens once every five years in the outside world, there are in fact plenty of small, transient entrances inside here which can spit you right back into the world outside."

Tiger Li said, "Previously, there had been someone who wanted to leave the Gate Between Worlds. Our chief drew a map of the village's location and wrote up a description of the holy water before entrusting that person to take them out with him. That advert hasn't been out for very long, but who would have thought that both seniors would actually drop by!"

Lao Gudong: "..."

Taoist Taotie: "..."

Lao Gudong: "Then, little brother, when will your chief be back?"

Tiger Li looked out the window and reckoned, "It won't be long now. He goes out to collect holy water at this time every day; it doesn't flow from the source continuously, but at a fixed time instead every day."

Both Lao Gudong and Taoist Taotie nodded.

It was at that moment that Tiger Li's expression turned serious as he looked out the window.

He said suddenly, "The chief is back!"

Looking out the window, Lao Gudong saw a man carrying a shoulder pole approaching the village unhurriedly from a distance.

Seeing that the man was about to step through the village entrance, Tiger Li warned them in a low voice, "Later, when you ask him about the holy water, on no account should you ask him if he has ever drunk it or not - that's a taboo topic."

"Why?" Taoist Taotie asked curiously.

Tiger Li looked nervous. "Because the chief has never drunk it at all..."

"What?" The two fellow brothers were stunned.

How could the chief of this village decide not to drink something as good as this holy water? There was something fishy about this!





Chapter 364 Lao Gudong's Epilogue - Demon World Holy Water Three


The village chief looked very young, and didn't have a high cultivation realm. Through a rough read on him, the two fellow brothers could immediately tell that he was at the peak late Golden Core stage.

"Chief, some seniors are here to buy our holy water!" Tiger Li stood by the door and waved at the village chief.

The man promptly jogged over with the shoulder pole. On each end hung a heavy cask, and both Lao Gudong and Taoist Taotie were very familiar with the aura inside - they were certain that the casks contained holy water.

"I never expected that someone would actually come here to buy the holy water."

When he saw Lao Gudong and Taoist Taotie, the village chief couldn't help smiling. "Come with me."

Then, carrying the shoulder pole once again, the village chief told Tiger Li to go help the deputy chief out, and then started walking back to his own place. Lao Gudong and Taoist Taotie followed closely behind him, and it wasn't long before they reached his house.

Standing in the doorway of his place, their lips twitched once again.

This was actually a small villa with a fully modern atmosphere that was incongruous with the rest of the village. Furthermore, the concentration of spirit power here was very weak; the difference was huge compared with the density in Tiger Li's place earlier. Most importantly, this place actually contained all the modern facilities one could expect: modern furniture, a fridge, a TV, a washing machine, a microwave...

"What should we call you, village chief?"

"My name is Huang Sheng. You can just call me Village Chief Huang. The deputy chief is One Huang. We were the ones who discovered the spring of holy water in the beginning." He looked immensely proud of himself when he said this. "I traded the holy water for the materials to build this place as well as its furnishings."

"Traded?"

"These two seniors have immense strength, but it seems that you're not very familiar with the way the demon world works inside the Gate Between Worlds. The demon world can of course be very primitive, but it also has prosperous cities that are no less inferior to our human cultivator cities in the outside world. I obtained all these furnishings through an exchange with some demon kings."

Village Chief Huang smiled. "Even demon kings want this holy water. It doesn't just benefit the human race, but also the demon race."

"According to our human ranking system, a demon king is at the very least on par with a cultivator at the Soul Formation stage. You're a Golden Core cultivator; aren't you afraid of them?" Taoist Taotie couldn't help asking.

"Because of the spring of holy water, even a demon god isn't able to set foot in our village, let alone a demon king. This is a paradise disconnected from the rest of the Gate Between Worlds. Our village might be small, but thanks to the holy water, we can be considered quite prosperous."

Village Chief Huang sat down on the sofa in a calm and composed manner. "Seniors, please have a seat."

The two fellow brothers couldn't help the way their lips twitched - it was obvious from the way he was acting that the village chief had experienced a lot.

Forget demon kings, this Village Chief Huang probably had had dealings with demon gods... otherwise, for a Golden Core cultivator to act this calmly in front of two Itinerant Immortals was just too unscientific.

"Our strengths are not on the same level. You're just at the Golden Core stage... aren't you afraid that we'll rob you of your holy water?" Taoist Taotie asked as he stared at the unperturbed village chief.

"You won't do anything to me." Village Chief Huang waved his hand confidently. "The power of the holy water permeates every corner of this village. It doesn't just keep out demon qi, but also evil intentions. People harboring evil intentions in their hearts wouldn't be able to set foot in our village. If both seniors had had evil intentions, you would have instantly been turned into stone statues, no matter how superior your realms are.

"When Tiger Li led you into the village, you saw that stele, right?" Village Chief Huang laughed. "That was a wicked demon king that had tried to sneak into our village to grab the holy water. In the end, the power of the holy water permeated its being and turned it into stone. I placed it at the village entrance as a boundary divider. There are a lot of steles like it all around our village."

"..."

The two fellow brothers couldn't help breaking out in a cold sweat... Although Village Chief Huang's story was very one-sided, it didn't seem like he was lying.

"Both seniors have come a long way to this village specifically for the holy water. Do you suffer from some unusual affliction?" Village Chief Huang got right to the point with his question.

After some consideration, the two fellow brothers felt that they had nothing to hide; when it came down to it, this was just part of the exchange for what they wanted.

"Back then, because we cultivated the wrong art, my junior brother was disfigured and I became obese, so I'm slow and no longer as nimble as I used to be..." said Lao Gudong.

Village Chief Huang nodded and looked at Taoist Taotie's face mask, suddenly enlightened. "Mm, I get it. Both seniors experienced the side effects of cultivating the wrong art. It's very simple: two barrels of holy water per person. After internal and external application, you'll be healed in a few days."

"Will that really work?" Taoist Taotie was excited.

"Of course." Village Chief Huang nodded firmly. "Both of you can stay in my village until you're healed. For both seniors, it's two barrels of holy water per person.

"The senior with a stout physique should drink one barrel of holy water and bathe in water from the other barrel three days in a row. The senior with the face mask should also drink one barrel of holy water and use water from the other barrel to wash the face over three days; you'll be healed then."

Village Chief Huang drew in a deep breath after he said this, then turned in high spirits toward Lao Gudong and Taoist Taotie as he narrowed his eyes slightly and smiled. "So, what will both seniors trade in exchange for the holy water?"

...

Three days later, the two fellow brothers were finally cured after being afflicted for hundreds of years with the side effects of cultivating the wrong art.

Taoist Taotie finally took off his face mask and breathed in fresh air, his heart full of excitement and joy.

Village Chief Huang and Tiger Li saw them off at the village entrance. "Take care, seniors!"

Village Chief Huang looked at Lao Gudong, who still had a slightly plump form, and couldn't help smiling as he asked, "Senior has already recovered your original figure, why are you still in this form?"

Lao Gudong couldn't help smiling. "I'm already used to this appearance, and I still have to think about how it'll affect other people. I'm truly grateful to the chief this time."

Village Chief Huang waved his hand, then cupped his fists solemnly in salute. "You flatter me; both seniors traded a tremendous amount of elixirs for the holy water, so it was an equivalent exchange. It was a very fruitful transaction!"

Both Lao Gudong and Taoist Taotie cupped their fists. "Then, Village Chief Huang, we shall say farewell here!"

"Seniors, take care!"

Village Chief Huang and Tiger Li watched at the village entrance as the two of them walked off into the distance.

Tiger Li: "Chief, deputy chief just said that the spring of holy water has run dry."

Village Chief Huang nodded his head. "Mm, don't panic... it'll flow again after a while."

...

Meanwhile, elsewhere, Wang Ling was lost in deep thought as he stared at the water shut-off notice on the gate of his house.





Chapter 365 This is Not Safe for Children to Look At!


It was July 4th on the eleventh Tuesday of the semester.

At the end of the Shuigou Sect incident, Lao Gudong and Taoist Taotie had bridged centuries of hostilities to resolve their differences, and Lao Gudong was unable to escape burning incense in front of Black Gauze's grave.

Hence, the same day that this incident wrapped up, Lao Gudong applied for leave for a whole week, thus using up all his annual leave. One after another, the students at Number 60 High School whined incessantly about it; they could no longer pick up gossip, nor could they sneakily do their homework during the history class...

Wang Ling would later learn from Killer Taoist that the main members of Shuigou Sect had actually been Taoist Taotie's former subordinates from Qiongchi Sect. They held him in very high esteem, and were at his beck and call... They had turned the whole of Songhai city upside down for the sole aim of forcing Lao Gudong to make an appearance.

Naturally, the entire plan hadn't gone smoothly, like with that blaze which had broken out on June 29th. Actually, it had been a Qiongchi Sect member who had been testing out the spirit fruit, and had suddenly gone crazy. That had been the first trial version of the spirit fruit, and it had been unstable. The current spirit fruit was the second version which had been meticulously developed by Taoist Taotie.

There had been a significant improvement in the safety performance of the second version, so that those at even just the Foundation Establishment stage wouldn't go berserk after taking it; furthermore, it also had an antidote, so it was completely safe.

But in order to ultimately force Lao Gudong to show up, Taoist Taotie had simply put on a full show, and had personally set up the magic arrays for stockpiling spirit power himself, even if later, Wang Ling and Fang Xing had secretly taken them apart.

Later, this would become an unsolved mystery.

To just say 'disappear' and the arrays disappeared just like that... it was no less terrifying than your brother saying that he had slept with your wife.

This entire thing, of course, had been a sham meticulously planned by Taoist Taotie. However, one thing had been real, and that was Shuigou Sect's hierarchy: whoever was ugly could become a member. This was a bizarre rule which Taoist Taotie had come up with after he had become disfigured back then, and was something that hadn't changed until now...

After the entire incident came to an end, there were naturally some who were happy and some who were worried.

In the heart of Songhai city, on the top floor of a large office building.

The Lord of the Castle stared at Taoist Taotie, who was sitting on the sofa and wearing a face mask, with an unsightly expression on his face. Next to him, the Lady of the Castle had also lowered her head in silence, not daring to speak at all.

"Senior, this is a breach of contract!" There was a deep look in the Lord's eyes; he was so infuriated that he couldn't even drink his favourite milk.

Taoist Taotie waved his hand casually. "No, it isn't a breach of contract; I just decided on my own to put an end to our collaboration here. As for Gorgeous Itinerant's great weapon, I've already found it for you."

The Lord's complexion improved a little. "Really, senior?"

Taoist Taotie nodded his head. "I've already instructed someone to send it to your phone."

Upon saying that, he stood up, and glanced at the Lord before he took his leave. "Your luck has been pretty good so far, and you haven't done anything yet to make anyone come after you. But I still want to give you a piece of advice: there are times when it would be wise to quit while you're ahead... If you persist stubbornly and go astray, you'll fall deeper and deeper into it."

This was obviously a warning.

The Lord laughed. "Thank you senior for the kind reminder. This junior knows how to conduct himself properly in this cultivation world."

As soon as the Lord finished saying the words, Taoist Taotie turned around and vanished into thin air. Following his departure, the tense atmosphere instantly disappeared, and the Lady of the Castle relaxed slightly.

The Lady of the Castle: "Lord, what are we going to do now that Taoist Taotie is no longer working with us..."

"It's not a big deal."

The Lord of the Castle shrugged and said, "In terms of brute strength, we can't compare with Immortal Mansion. In terms of scale, we also can't compare with the Gua Pi Army. But our Mo Immortal Castle has its own strength, and that is our formidable information network. If we can make good use of it, we can exchange information for many valuable resources. Even if we no longer have a patron, we can always find a new one."

The Lord raised an eyebrow and continued, "And this time, we did gain something."

The Lady of the Castle: "Do you mean Gorgeous Itinerant's great weapon? But... is it reliable? What kind of great weapon can be transmitted through the phone?"

The Lord narrowed his eyes. "Perhaps it's a virus program? There are quite a number of well-known killers in the murder industry who are adept in planting viruses in magic treasures and causing them to malfunction."

Curious, the Lord unlocked his phone; in line with what Taoist Taotie had said, he had received an anonymous email.

But the email didn't contain a virus program as he had expected; instead, it was a photo snap, the kind that would self destruct three seconds after it was opened.

Opening the photo snap, the Lord's entire being was stunned - it was actually an image of a topless Gorgeous Itinerant.

At that moment, the Lord instantly realized what on earth Gorgeous Itinerant's great weapon was...

"This is...?"

Extremely curious, the Lady of the Castle Lady drew closer to take a look.

The Lord shut his phone at lightning speed as fresh blood gushed out of his nose, the dark red color matting his whiskers.

The Lady of the Castle: "Lord, you..."

The Lord of the Castle: "This is not safe for kids to look at!"

The Lady of the Castle: "..."

...

When Wang Ling arrived at school that morning, he found many students in class absent. Chen Chao, Guo Hao, and even Su Xiao hadn't come to school.

With their spirits sealed, the students who had eaten the fruit needed some time to get back on their feet, and Teacher Pan this morning was clearly bitter about this. The midterm exam was coming up, and she had planned to do an intensive review of the talismans course, but she had to delay this plan due to the Shuigou Sect incident.

Furthermore, since so many of the students were absent, there was no way for them to hand in their homework.

This morning, Grade One, Class Three was thus especially tranquil without Chen Chao's acidic remarks and Su Xiao's obsequious attitude, and even more without Guo Hao's gossip to listen to.

Wang Ling had been sitting in class bored stiff for a while when a familiar figure popped up at the front door; it was the PE teacher, Ye Han.

Teacher Ye knocked on the door, dressed in his tracksuit and holding a blue notebook in his hand as usual. "Teacher Pan?"

Teacher Pan was marking exam papers, and lifted her head to look at Teacher Ye curiously. "Old Ye, why are you here? Have you learned how to steal class time for yourself now?"

Teacher Ye: "..."

The small number of students in the class who heard this surreptitiously cast gloomy looks in Teacher Pan's direction - this was a typical case of taking advantage of honest people!

Teacher Ye: "It's like this, I signed Wang Ling up previously to represent our Number 60 High School in the race event at the sports meet, so I need to have a brief meeting with him to explain some things."

"Oh, I see."

Teacher Pan turned to look at Wang Ling. "Mm, come back as soon as possible. In five minutes, I'm going to have everyone write down talisman formulas from memory. If you can't catch up, you'll have to do it again in my office later."

Wang Ling: "..."

Teacher Ye almost coughed up blood when he heard this. Nowadays, a PE teacher was nowhere as lethal as a teacher-in-charge...





Chapter 366 The Tree Brothers


Wang Ling followed Teacher Ye to the sports teaching and research room on the third floor of the teaching block. This classroom had been set up especially for the PE teachers to use; if the weather that day wasn't suitable for outdoor activities, the students would still have a place to go.

The PE teachers could also use this classroom to give students detailed explanations on PE assessments as well as instruct them on the use of all kinds of magic treasures, give them small tips for flying spirit swords, and so on, since the magic treasures and flying sword courses had currently been lumped under physical education.

But most unfortunately, every time it rained, the PE class would be snatched away by almost every other subject teacher, so this room existed in name only. The only time the other teachers wouldn't pillage this period was at the start and end of the semester, when the students had their phys ed exams; every other time, this room wasn't used at all.

For the majority of people, senior high school was an important time for grasping cultivation theory in the cultivation education system, and students should only delve into magic treasures and flying swords in university. Thus, they didn't attach much importance to PE class - when it came down to it, it was a problem with the organization and education system.

When Wang Ling stepped into the room, he saw two lonely people sitting inside; one was Fang Xing and the other was Jiang Bai, the son of the head of Kitchen Knife Sect Jiang Haifu whom Father Wang had come to know the other day.

Although Jiang Bai had been put in the normal class after the placement test at the beginning of the semester, he wasn't a good-for-nothing; Teacher Ye had discovered that he was a gifted sportsman.

So this time, Jiang Bai would be representing Number 60 High School at the sports meet in the spirit archery event.

Wang Ling had never expected that Jiang Bai, who looked frail enough that a gust of wind might knock him over, would actually have such an amazing gift.

However, the assessment criteria in a spirit archery competition wasn't quite the same as for running while controlling a sword, or manipulating a spirit sword: it wasn't strength or endurance, but accuracy that was the most important. Apart from that, the ability to track something with your eyes and to predict movement was also necessary. These were things that were almost impossible to gain in the short term without talent and years of training.

The reason why Jiang Bai was so accomplished in this aspect was because his dad Jiang Haifu had taught him to fly kitchen knives since he was young, even frequently using people as target practice; Jiang Bai was a timid person and didn't dare disobey his dad, and so had been forced to do all this.

Seeing Wang Ling approach them, Fang Xing instantly smiled and greeted him. "Oh! Classmate Wang Ling! Good morning!"

Without a single expression on his face, Wang Ling found a seat in the back row.

In the end, as soon as he sat down, Fang Xing stood up and then dragged Jiang Bai, who was next to him, to sit on either side of Wang Ling.

Wang Ling: "???"

Teacher Ye didn't understand what was happening. "..." What was going on?

Fang Xing grinned. "The classroom is so big and there's so few of us, so it's very cold. We're huddling together for warmth."

Wang Ling silently rolled his eyes. "..." Songhai city's weather might be as unpredictable as a woman's period, but in any case it was going to be summer soon. Who are you kidding about the cold? Also, how can it be so easy for you to feel cold at your realm?

But this wasn't the main problem. The main issue was... why had Jiang Bai also come over to sit here?

Sensing Wang Ling's suspicious side-eye, Jiang Bai scratched his head and said weakly, "He-

hello, Classmate Wang Ling, I'm called Jiang Bai. My dad said I should make friends with you."

Wang Ling: "..."

Wang Ling now understood: this Jiang Bai was a daddy's boy who would always listen to his father...

At that moment, Teacher Ye spoke from the dais. "There should actually be sixteen students in this meeting, but because of the Shuigou Sect incident, it's just the three of you... but it's fine since everyone present is a primary member of our Number 60 High School sports team. We'll have a simple meeting for now, and Student Fang Xing will later convey the gist of it to the students who aren't here."

After saying this, Teacher Ye paused before he continued, "This time, our opponents will be outstanding students from other senior high schools in Peiyuan district. Apart from our old rival Number 59 High School, we'll also be competing against Reliance High School. This district sports meet is a large-scale sports competition among the three schools, and is primarily geared toward Senior Grade One freshmen.

"We'll be taking part in several events: the ten thousand-meter relay marathon with a sword, the ten thousand-meter sprint with a sword, spirit archery, the medicine ball shot put, the ten-person tug-of-war, and the grand finale, the battle of soul pets."

Teacher Ye looked helplessly at the blue notebook in his hand. "I actually wanted to gather everyone for training, but we don't have much time left. Student Fang Xing has signed up for all the events and Student Jiang Bai will be taking part in every round of the spirit archery event."

Hearing this, Wang Ling somehow suddenly had a bad feeling.

"Currently, Student Wang Ling is only signed up for the ten thousand-meter relay marathon with a sword..." Teacher Ye smiled pitifully. "How about signing up for a couple more?"

Wang Ling: "..."

He could see that the Shuigou Sect incident had left too big an impact, and Teacher Ye was truly helpless in its wake.

From what many outsiders could see, Number 60 High School winning the district sports meet would be as difficult as trying to ascend to the heavens.

While the students would recover in three to five days from their spirits being sealed, they would still continue to feel weak for a while.

A person at the peak late Foundation Establishment stage had a maximum strength of roughly two thousand jin , but in a weakened condition following the seal on their spirit, that number would be reduced by half at the very least.

Of course, it was just an example. After all, many freshmen would have yet to reach the late Foundation Establishment stage.

Wang Ling cupped his chin and thought for a bit. Apart from his awesome self and Fang Xing this jinx, only Chen Chao and Sun Rong came closest among all the freshmen in terms of strength. Currently, however, Chen Chao had yet to recover, and Sun Rong had signed up for the girls' events, which Teacher Ye wasn't in charge of.

This was very awkward.

Trying to pull Wang Ling in, Teacher Ye looked at him very seriously and said, "Student Wang Ling, it would be good if you can select another event: the medicine ball shot put or the ten-person tug-of-war, one of the two. If we don't have enough participants, that's the same as giving up.

"Furthermore, our opponents this time are very tough, especially the three extremely strong students who just entered Reliance High School. This opportunity to compare skills is hard to come by, and even if you lose, you may learn a lot."

Jiang Bai was curious. "Teacher Ye, do you have any information on these three students?"

Teacher Ye: "I'm still collecting detailed information on them, but I do know their names at least. They're the three famous brothers of the Tree family: Iron Tree, Copper Tree and Aluminum Tree."

"..."

Reasonably speaking, Wang Ling felt that it wouldn't be too good if he refused in the face of Teacher Ye's sincere attitude.

After all, Teacher Ye was the teacher most bullied by the other teachers in the school... Wang Ling didn't feel he could be that ruthless.

In the end, he signed up for two more events.

One was the medicine ball shot put and the other the battle of soul pets.

All the spirit animals taking part in the battle were domestic animals and only those that were suitable for battle would be pre-selected for the competition. Currently, Number 60 High School had an extremely suitable candidate.

Back then, it was Fang Xing who had pulled Wang Ling into this business.

Now, Wang Ling was planning to do the same to Er Ha.





Chapter 367 I Have Consummate Archery Skills!


Generally, the current study trajectory in Foundation Establishment high schools was the absorption of concepts and theory in the first year, with the addition of some cultivation techniques in the second year, and constant review of theory plus skills in the third year. Overall there wasn't much of a difference compared with old study methods: theory was focused on battle tactics, and techniques involved repeated exercise drills. For most people, it was in Senior Grade Three when the nightmare started.

Of course, in comparison, Wang Ling felt it was pretty easy; after all, he could put whatever he saw into action, and master it instantly. What was more, he had the two goblins Eraser and Pen to write his homework in his place. The only thing that was a little troublesome was exams; moreover, his scores couldn't be too good...

However, he felt that whatever university he managed to enter in the end would have nothing to do with whatever exam grades he got. That was because Wang Ling had realized that since entering Number 60 High School, his life had taken a dramatic turn. Whatever university he managed to get into... that was for fate to decide.

When Teacher Ye saw Wang Ling tick the "battle of soul pets" option, it was as if he instantly understood something... and in a flash, he recalled Er Ha. It could be said that this dog had left a very deep impression on Teacher Ye - especially that green fur; no one who saw it could ever forget it.

"Student Wang Ling, I remember that your class had a spirit dog at the beginning of the semester? Are you going to have it take part in the sports meet?" Teacher Ye looked at Wang Ling and asked.

Wang Ling nodded his head.

Teacher Ye: "Although you can certainly sign up for it, every school is allowed just one soul pet for the battle, and it'll need to pass the selection process next week."

"Don't worry, Teacher Ye. Er Ha definitely won't be a problem," Fang Xing said on the side, his face wreathed in smiles.

"Then we'll wait until after the selection process next week..." Teacher Ye also nodded.

Honestly speaking, Teacher Ye didn't have high hopes for Er Ha. Although he had heard that it had been a demon king before, when it had been discovered back then, its soul had already become so weak. Furthermore, Teacher Pan had forcefully fused its soul with a skeleton of an akita. The moment it had been fused with the dog, its life as a demon king had already come to a miserable end.

What was more, the demon race needed to cultivate with the help of demon qi; without knowing how to cultivate using spirit energy, there was no way for Er Ha's realm to advance in a short timeframe. Thus, Teacher Ye was doubtful about its strength.

He had no idea what kind of contestant Er Ha now was after having experienced Wang Ling's careful tutelage.

...

Close to the end of school that afternoon, Teacher Ye once again summoned up his courage to face Teacher Pan to whisk Wang Ling away in the last class period.

As Wang Ling walked to the classroom door, Teacher Pan stopped him as she called out, "Wang Ling, wait!"

Wang Ling turned his head, his face full of suspicion.

Teacher Pan said sincerely, "Although you are representing the school in competition this time, I still hope that once it's over, you'll refocus on your studies as soon as possible."

Wang Ling: "???"

Teacher Pan: "Do you know why your grades are always down the middle? I believe it's because you've never been truly invested in studying... I won't say anymore, just think about it."

Wang Ling was speechless: "..."

What was wrong with average grades?

Wasn't that pretty good?!

...

When he got to the sports field, Wang Ling found that it was especially noisy today. A crowd had gathered to one side up ahead for some reason, and there was a lot of lively laughter.

It was coming to the end of the PE lesson for the normal classes, and the PE teachers had simply let the students do their own thing. A bunch of them had gathered around to watch Jiang Bai's archery practice.

As he drew closer, Wang Ling saw all the guys and girls absorbed in watching Jiang Bai on the shooting range. Teacher Ye was standing up ahead at the front, and he threw a disc up into the air.

Then, Jiang Bai drew his bow, and the arrow shot through the sky to shatter the disc with a "bang."

Everyone was astounded. "Wow! Never thought that Jiang Bai had this type of skill... So impressive!"

On the side, the PE teachers for the other classes also applauded. "Teacher Ye has found a pretty good seedling! It looks like our Number 60 High School has some hope of winning the archery event this year."

At the scene, Teacher Ye smiled a little embarrassedly, then passed a strip of black cloth to Jiang Bai... It was only now that everyone realized that the real show was about to start.

Someone yelled in surprise, "Jiang Bai's eyes are covered!"

He was actually going to shoot blind!

In the crowd, Wang Ling raised his eyebrows with interest; who would have thought Jiang Bai would have other tricks up his sleeve.

It went without saying how hard shooting blind was, but it wasn't completely impossible. In fact, regular people could do it with a lot of training, by depending on their ears to determine which direction the object was in and relying on muscle memory. It would be even easier for cultivators since they could use their spiritual senses to locate the target.

However, it was still difficult for most of these students.

"Can he do it?"

A lot of people held their breaths at this scene.

"Ready!" Teacher Ye took in a breath, then jogged some distance away before suddenly throwing the disc out!

Hu — Everyone heard the rushing sound of the spinning disc...

Jiang Bai pricked up his ears, and in the next moment, he abruptly drew his bow and let loose his arrow!

Bang !

He hit the target in one strike!

"Cool! Jiang Bai is really awesome!" a guy couldn't help cheering.

However, Teacher Li was gradually starting to frown more deeply... For now, Jiang Bai's skills in stationary target archery, moving target archery and moving target blind archery were quite stable, but he still had a weak point, and that was rapid fire archery at a stationary target.

Teacher Ye had given him special intensive training in this regard a few weeks ago, but there hadn't been any improvement at all.

"What's going on? Why doesn't Old Ye look happy?" a PE teacher who didn't know the situation whispered the question.

A female PE teacher next to him answered, "You don't know... This child's situation is a little unique. Although he has a foundation in archery, it's because his father forced him to train with living targets... simply shooting at a target or a moving one is fine, but if there's something tied to the target, then it's difficult..."

"What do you mean?"

"Wait and see..."

Wang Ling heard their conversation from afar, and then turned his eyes to the field.

Teacher Ye tied an apple to the center of the target, then patted Jiang Bai's shoulder and stood next to him as he said, "Relax a little; look at it clearly. What's in front of you is just an apple, not a living thing. You need to have faith in yourself."

Jiang Bai nodded heavily.

After that, he raised the bow and arrow in his hand under everyone's eyes, and his aura obviously turned chaotic.

Xiu xiu xiu xiu xiu xiu !

Six spirit arrows were let loose in succession.

Teacher Ye buried his forehead deep in his hands, and the other students and teachers were all dumbfounded.

All the six spirit arrows had made a perfect ring around the apple, with none of them hitting the apple in the middle!

Wang Ling: "..."

This was probably the legendary body outline-tracing master 1 ...

1(This refers to how a player in a shooting RPG might hit everything around the enemy except the enemy themselves ..)





Chapter 368 An Insect Peddler


This scene left many people stunned. His aim was precise during regular target archery, but he turned into a body outline-tracing master when it came to rapid fire shots... what kind of operation was this?

Ultimately, it was because Jiang Bai's father had cast too big a shadow over his childhood when he had made Jiang Bai practice his kitchen knife flying skills on living targets back then... it was probably enough to drive anyone insane.

The targets whom Jiang Bai had practiced on were all genuine cultivators; there was no way they would have been killed by a child's flying kitchen knife.

But the crucial problem was that Jiang Bai hadn't known that they were cultivators... After all, not everyone could automatically learn and accept all types of information from birth like Wang Ling.

Most kids had no understanding of the concept of cultivators at a young age, but they were very much aware that one could get hurt and bleed from being hit by a kitchen knife. Jiang Bai's father Jiang Haifu had duped him into practicing flying kitchen knives from a young age, and in order to not accidentally injure anyone, that was when his amazing talent had emerged.

But his dad could never have expected that his training would have turned his son into a body outline-tracing master.

"As expected, he's still not good at rapid fire shots." Teacher Ye let out a painful sigh.

Indeed, rapid fire shooting was more nerve-wracking than single shots, and it was easier to get drawn into an unstable mood... the most important thing was to adjust Jiang Bai's mental state for rapid fire archery. Most unfortunately, Jiang Bai's childhood shadow had taken a much heavier toll on him than Teacher Ye had imagined.

Things couldn't continue like this - Number 59 High School and Reliance High School also had archery experts participating in the competition this time. Jiang Bai's biggest advantages were his accuracy and stability in stationary target archery. But it was obviously unrealistic to think that Number 60 High School could win by relying on just the scores obtained from the stationary target archery event. In the end, the results of the overall archery competition would be based on the average of the scores obtained in all the events.

If you scored a zero in the rapid fire archery event, it didn't matter how high your scores were in the other events.

Jiang Bai actually understood this very well, but in actual practice, it was still very hard and challenging for him.

So many people watching made him especially nervous; standing in the rowdy crowd, Wang Ling could hear Jiang Bai's rapid breathing, and his hand even trembled slightly around the bow.

This already wasn't just nerves; it was signs of a lack of confidence.

Seeing this, Teacher Ye hurried over to comfort him with a few words before he simply stepped forward and placed the apple on his head. "Come on! Shoot me!"

Jiang Bai was shocked. "..."

The atmosphere around them froze at these words... why did they sound a little strange?

What the hell?! Was Teacher Ye being dirty?!

Teacher Ye quickly cleared his throat and said, "I meant, shoot the apple on my head..."

He knew what he had said was ambiguous and could be easily misunderstood.

"I'm at the Golden Core stage and I've practiced the Golden Bell Shield and Iron Skin, so there's no way these spirit arrows can hurt me. So, Student Jiang Bai, please believe in yourself and take it easy." Teacher Ye earnestly patted Jiang Bai's shoulder.

Given Jiang Bai's current realm, it was true that there was very little harm he could cause Teacher Ye with his spirit arrows; if an arrow touched his skin, it would just be like a mosquito bite.

But Wang Ling knew that there was still a risk.

Protection of the body at the Golden Core stage wasn't perfect; there were still some areas that were unprotected, like the eyes, which were a very vulnerable spot.

After that, Teacher Ye took up position around fifty meters away from Jiang Bai.

Jiang Bai drew in a deep breath; he took six spirit arrows from his quiver, then slowly drew them with the bow.

Teacher Ye stood at a distance with the apple on his head. "Don't be nervous! These spirit arrows can't hit me at all! Just treat it like stationary target archery!"

Jiang Bai's breathing started to pick up, and he even seemed a little dazed when he let the spirit arrows go one after another.

When he came back to his senses, six spirit arrows had already split the air, and in that moment, Wang Ling could already see their trajectory.

As expected... they would all perfectly miss Teacher Ye and the apple on his head.

At the same time, Jiang Bai had also already anticipated the same thing when he'd let the arrows fly, and he lowered his head in disappointment. "I knew it, I can't do it..."

But outside of everyone's expectations, these six spirit arrows suddenly seemed to find a course, and they pierced the center of the apple one after another, leaving just a small hole the size of an index finger.

What the hell?! They actually hit the target?

The result this time made everyone's jaws drop; even Jiang Bai himself widened his eyes in bafflement. Some of the PE teachers who had been staring blankly then exclaimed in surprise, and the scene erupted in thunderous applause.

Fang Xing had been watching everything quietly. The moment he saw Jiang Bai's six spirit arrows hit the target, he turned in almost the first instance to fix his eyes on Wang Ling, and he couldn't help laughing inwardly. His heart was clear as a mirror; although Wang Ling put on an aloof air, he hadn't been able to help lending a hand in the end.

...

When Wang Ling got home that night, he happened to see Er Ha at the front door eating the dog food specially supplied by Guo Hao's family,

They still had a few bags of New Orleans fly-flavored dog food left. Mother Wang seemed to be in a particularly good mood today, and she had given Er Ha and extra large portion, which had plenty of fat, meaty flies mixed into it, so Er Ha was incredibly pleased.

However, due to the strong smell of insects, it could only eat mournfully outside the front door.

It was only later that Wang Ling found out that Mother Wang had bought these meaty flies from an insect peddler while she had been doing the grocery shopping.

Nowadays, insect cooking was already no longer a rare phenomenon - many restaurants now even had their own insect menus; whatever you could think of, they made it.

This type of insect cuisine was quite popular among cultivators. According to scientific research, cultivators consumed protein ten times faster than regular people, so to be able to replenish that protein with an insect meal was something to be happy about.

When Er Ha thought about it, it had very rarely been able to eat such plump, succulent flies since leaving the demon world... that was just too damn sad!

But insect peddlers couldn't be found just anywhere. Like the portable red banners1 that would be brought out now and then in junior and senior high school, the peddlers would appear intermittently at different markets, and didn't have a fixed location at all. It was purely by luck that Mother Wang had been able to bump into one at the market.

1(This refers to the red brocade triangular flags generally used to mark special occasions or as gifts of appreciation ..) Seeing Er Ha happily gorge itself, Wang Ling didn't interrupt, and only just kicked it in the butt.

Er Ha understood that this was Little Master Ling's silent code word for: Come to my room later. This refers to the red brocade triangular flags generally used to mark special occasions or as gifts of appreciation.





Chapter 369 Ling Zhenren's Lottery Draw


Wang Ling suddenly discovered that there was a rich spread of dishes for tonight, many of which he had never seen before. There were already more than eight dishes on the dining table, but the old man and Mother Wang were still busy in the kitchen, presumably to round the number up; for example, ten perfect and beautiful 1 dishes... Wang Ling wasn't interested in this sort of thing, but people at the old man's age were zealous in chasing luck.

1(This is a literal translation of 十全十美, which means 'to be perfect.') Father Wang was reading the newspaper; when he saw that Wang Ling had returned, he hurriedly put the evening paper down and pushed up his black glasses in a familiar gesture. "From today onward, your grandfather will be preparing to battle the head of Kitchen Knife Sect, Jiang Haifu, in a cooking contest, so we'll have a lot of dishes these two days. Today, your mom and grandfather bought a lot of things from the market, to the point that Sheep almost wasn't able to take everything."

Were they really going to compete against each other?

Wang Ling was startled.

"Your grandfather's been very bored after retirement, so just treat this as something he can amuse himself with in his old age." Father Wang couldn't help smiling.

Wang Ling was speechless; he opened the fridge in the living room and was immediately shocked by the stock inside. He had never thought that they would actually buy so much; no wonder Sheep had been unable to carry it all. If Wang Ling hadn't specially transformed this fridge, there was no way all the ingredients could have been stuffed inside.

Wang Ling felt that the food in the fridge could sustain them for a whole month...

Just then, Father Wang suddenly put his newspaper down. "Oh, Ling Ling, I need your help with something."

Wang Ling: "???"

"It's like this: the supermarket that your mom and grandfather went to are starting a new system; from now on, you get points with every purchase you make, and then you can use the points to draw a lottery. You know..." Father Wang adjusted the frame of his glasses, and the lens flashed with reflected light.

"..."

Hearing this, Wang Ling understood; it turned out he was being asked to draw a lottery.

Father Wang handed his cellphone to Wang Ling. "Look, this is how much your mom and grandfather spent... They now have thirty thousand points. The normal lottery costs one hundred points, the mid-tier lottery one thousand points, and the top lottery costs ten thousand points."

Wang Ling's lips twitched as he gazed at the screen. He would break his hand trying to use up all the points for the one hundred points normal lottery. Furthermore, the prizes were a sham. The software system used a lottery wheel, and the prize depended on where the pointer stopped. The better a prize was, the less space it took up on the wheel, and on the normal lottery wheel, half the surface was "Thanks for your participation," while the best prize was just an electronic reader.

And there was even less to be said for the mid-tier lottery draw, where most of the prizes were just coupons and discount vouchers for various stalls in the market.

It was why Father Wang had aimed for the top lottery draw since the beginning. There weren't any sham options like "Thanks for your participation"; there were five options on the wheel, three of which didn't state what the prize was but were represented with a question mark instead. Most importantly, these question marks took up small amounts of space on the wheel.

Father Wang felt there was an eighty percent chance that these were valuable prizes!

Grocery shopping this time had cost him a full three days' worth of his writing fees... Now, his priority was to reduce his losses.

Although even Father Wang himself didn't know what he would get, humans were by nature very curious creatures.

Ordinarily speaking, Wang Ling wouldn't play trading card games.

Because he would hit the legendary jackpot every time, which was boring...

Characters in a trading card game could number as few as a hundred to as many as a thousand, five to ten percent of which would be made up of the "gold cards." These were the rarest cards, but every time Wang Ling played this type of game and as long as he mastered it, he could collect all the available gold cards in the shortest amount of time.

Wang Ling hence felt that this type of card game wasn't as challenging as trying to obtain the Water Margin 2 cards in crispy noodle snack packets.

2(One of the Four Classical Novels of Chinese literature.) Whether it was drawing a card or drawing a lottery, it was all the same to Wang Ling. But it wasn't as if he had been born with good luck; instead, he relied on one of the Three Thousand Great Spells, the "Great Fortune Spell."

This spell was an active and potent skill; once it was activated, there was no way to undo it except to wait until its "buff" effect was over, and it could only be reactivated after a cooldown period. The most miraculous thing about this spell was that its cooldown period was pretty short; it only took two days before it could be discharged again.

The most important thing was that once its effect started to take hold, the luck generated by the spell and its support ability would last ten whole days.

In some sense, Wang Ling could use it continuously for as long as he wanted to.

But he recalled that it had already been at least seven to eight years since he had first used this spell.

He felt that using this spell was too much like showing off. Luck was something that had two sides to it: if your luck was good, there would naturally be someone on the flip side whose luck was bad... furthermore, if your luck was too good, it was easy for people to become jealous of you.

It didn't matter what era you lived in; there would always be two-faced people. Jealousy was a very curious thing: people might call you 'brother' to your face, but then stab you in the back.

Drawing a deep breath, Wang Ling opened his palm, and gold spirit light emanated from the center. It was as if Father Wang could see currents of energy gather in Wang Ling's palm before it gradually covered his entire body.

This was how the Great Fortune Spell was activated, commonly referred to as: gathering the spirit of heaven and earth, collecting the brilliance of the sun and moon.

After that, Wang Ling sighed lightly. He tapped the "Begin Draw" button, and the wheel started to spin quickly.

There was a flash of golden light on the screen, and he actually drew the mysterious question mark.

A crisp electronic voice sounded: Con Con Con Con Congratulations, you've drawn a grand prize!

After Wang Ling swiftly tapped the screen two more times, the electronic voice stuttered and repeated itself: Con Con Con Con Congratulations, you've drawn a grand prize!

"So amazing?" Father Wang was also awestruck.

Wang Ling had already foreseen this outcome earlier, so there wasn't the slightest ripple in his expression.

Whatever Father Wang had won would be displayed in the virtual gift bank; after he submitted his address, they would be delivered within three working days.

Wang Ling didn't know what he had drawn; it seemed he had gotten the mysterious question marks for all the three times that he had tapped the button just now.

"They should be pretty good prizes, right?" Father Wang opened the gift bank expectantly, and then opened the three mysterious question marks which Wang Ling had drawn.

Father Wang then saw that three things had been added to his gift bank.

A one-year membership for the Purple Light Pavilion Restaurant 3 .

3(This is a reference to how fans of rapper PG One took umbrage at criticism which the magazine 'Purple Light Pavilion' leveled at him, and mocked that the magazine's title sounded like the name of a food stall or restaurant) One gold card for Red Flower Society Hair Salon 4 .

4(PG One is part of the rap crew 'Red Flower Society.' He was outed by tabloids for hooking up with married actress Li Xiaolu on New Year's Eve 2017, while her actor husband in a live broadcast on that day said that she was getting her hair done.) And half a year's worth of gongqing dumplings 5 ...

5(团子 means 'dumplings,' but 'gongqing tuan' or 共青团 refers to the Communist Youth League of China.)





Chapter 370 "Immortal King Heart Sutra" Beta Version


After dinner, Wang Ling returned to his room. He was still enveloped in the golden light of the "Great Fortune Spell," which formed a faint sheen of light that only he could see.

For the next ten days, his luck would be extremely, extremely good... The prizes that he had drawn for Father Wang were just mere trifles.

Wang Ling remembered that the last time he had used the Great Fortune Spell, he had bought a lottery ticket, but hadn't won anything. Since then, he hadn't believed in any type of lottery. To not win even when he was using the Great Fortune Spell... it was plain to see how deep the waters were - when it came down to it, buying the lottery was just a kind of tax on the poor...

He didn't dare say that no one had ever truly won the lottery. Some people had bought lottery tickets with the money leftover from grocery shopping, and had been lucky enough to win thousands of HNY. However, those who hit the jackpot always came to collect their prizes either in a mask or cosplay, which for a time had made Wang Ling doubt the veracity of their win.

Luckily in the Wang family, both Father Wang and Mother Wang weren't interested in either lotteries or shares. Mother Wang had always felt that a down-to-earth life was the most important thing, while for Father Wang, steadily typing out words would always be much more practical than buying a lottery ticket and waiting for a pie to fall from the sky.

...

Er Ha had a dumbfounded expression on its dog face when it heard that Wang Ling had signed it up for a competition.

What kind of plot development was this... even Er Ha itself didn't quite understand.

When it came to following Little Master Ling's line of thought, there was no way it could puzzle it out in a short span of time by relying on just its dog brain.

Er Ha just felt that it wouldn't be fair for it to compete - it would be as if it had already been crowned champion.

Although it was currently at the peak late Golden Core stage, in terms of soul pets, it was barely a third-class spirit beast.

A third-class spirit beast wouldn't be anything rare in a university flooded with Golden Core cultivators.

Er Ha had learned that such elite universities heavily invested in the construction of spirit beast labs in schools to conduct tests on hundreds of third-class spirit beasts. In university, there were as many third-class and fourth-class spirit beasts as there were hairs on an ox, so a soul pet that was not yet second class didn't stand a chance of becoming a school pet. If you reached first class for real, the students in the lab would worship you like an ancestor.

Of course, Er Ha had learned all this from a post on the cultivation forum.

It remained to be seen whether it was true or not, but indeed, Er Ha's goal all this time had been to cultivate until it advanced to first class as quickly as possible.

After all, it had been a demon king before, had led the demon race, and had been chief of the toad clan. It couldn't return to its original body, but at the very least it had to preserve as much of its strength as possible, otherwise it would be too embarrassing.

Of course, Wang Ling had his own reasons for having Er Ha participate in the competition.

For one thing, Wang Ling's classmates had indeed missed its presence.

For another, Wang Ling wanted to use the competition this time as a practical test of Er Ha's current strength. Er Ha was currently cultivating the second version of the "Demon King Heart Sutra" which Wang Ling had modified by completely replacing the part which involved demon qi cultivation with spirit qi; although the cultivation path was the same, there could be possible adverse reactions.

Generally speaking, adverse reactions, if any, would only reveal themselves in true combat.

Wang Ling hugged Er Ha in his lap and stroked its dog fur with slender fingers, making it feel so comfortable it lay limp in his hold.

"We need to test the 'Demon King Heart Sutra'; this is the first time I've modified a martial art, and I need to see if there are any adverse reactions from it," Wang Ling communicated telepathically.

Adverse reactions?

Er Ha cocked its head; at the very least, cultivating the revised version of the "Demon King Heart Sutra" made it feel very good.

For the moment, it indeed couldn't tell if it was experiencing any adverse reactions; it would need to be tested in true combat to know for sure.

Wang Ling had actually come up with his own martial arts before as a kid, but they were just like the stories a child writes on a whim - they were bold and imaginative but impractical, and would be of very little use in actual combat.

When he had revised Er Ha's "Demon King Heart Sutra" previously, he had in fact referred to something he had secretly written called "Immortal King Heart Sutra," and had replaced the "demon qi" with a "spirit qi" formula.

The "Immortal King Heart Sutra" was a martial art that Wang Ling had been thinking about for a very long time, and of course, it had taken him a very long time to put it all together. After a rough calculation, it had already been eight years since he had first thought about it when he was eight years old.

The main thing was that this art wasn't complete, so this was just a beta version.

Once he successfully completed it, Wang Ling felt that he would be able to suppress his uncontrollable aura through cultivating this heart sutra, and he would no longer need to depend on the talisman seal on his arm.

It was just as Wang Ming had said: the talisman's restraining function was having less and less of an effect on him.

It was like when hospital patients were given too many antibiotics: even if it was in appropriate amounts, once you took too much, the body would involuntarily become resistant to them.

"Say, do you think you could cultivate to the level of a holy beast?" Wang Ling stared at Er Ha as he suddenly held the dog up.

"...I don't think so."

After looking stunned, Er Ha smiled bitterly. How could cultivating to the level of a holy beast be that easy?

According to the ranking system for holy beasts, first-class spirit beasts were in fact just one rank under holy beasts. The most important thing required was the beast heart. In ancient texts, a beast heart was in fact something that could be cultivated, but this cultivation method had long been lost, and most holy beasts basically inherited their beast hearts - it couldn't be obtained through mutation nor through paying for a transplant.

This was why the main aim of most spirit beasts nowadays was to cultivate to become first-class beasts.

As for cultivating toward becoming a holy beast, it was just as absurd as some real estate tycoon's big words about setting a small target of a hundred million yuan first 1.

1(Wang Jianlin, who was the richest man in Asia in 2017, once advised in an interview that young people who want to become rich should set a "small target" of a hundred million yuan first — that's equivalent to USD15.6 million.) Moreover, were there still holy beasts around nowadays?

Er Ha doubted it.

Even if there were any, most would probably choose to lie low.

Back when there had still been holy beasts, cultivators had believed that the beast hearts of holy beasts could help them in their pursuit of the path of Dao; they had done plenty of stupid things in the fight over beast hearts, and had even gone to war.

But... if Er Ha could truly cultivate to the level of a holy beast...

It would be like waking up laughing from a dream, and the first thing it would do would be to eat thirty tons of meaty houseflies in celebration.





Chapter 371 What a Loss...


Er Ha hadn't been able to adapt to its new body at the beginning, and more than that, it had deeply dreaded the modern human cultivator urban lifestyle. Later on, however, it had found it to be quite enjoyable after it had integrated into the times and gotten used to the rhythm of human life.

At the very least, it didn't have to work day and night for the lives of millions of toads in the toad nation; for Er Ha, this could be summarized in six words: the death of its toad nature.

Toads were naturally fond of sleeping, but after becoming the demon king of the nation, Er Ha would spend almost its entire day in service to its people, and still had to think of ways to get along well with neighboring demon clans. It would be on edge even when playing mahjong, afraid that one wrong word could spark a war. By Wang Ling's side, however, Er Ha didn't feel as tired, and furthermore, had found a sense of belonging.

It might be a bit irresponsible to think that way... but Er Ha felt that it couldn't be blamed for it. It had already been in the human world for six years, and during that time, it had never once sensed the aura of any other member of the toad clan; there weren't even any who had come to the human world to look for it.

All the toads probably thought that it was already dead...

Six years had passed. It was a long enough time for the toad clan to get back into the swing of things and elect a new king by referendum. Perhaps the newly elected king of toads had already assertively led the toad clan into an era of peace and prosperity on the other side of the Gate Between Worlds.

As the old ruler, no matter how much it cared for its people, it would probably just be snubbed if it returned to the toad clan.

As its mind wandered, Er Ha fell asleep with its head pillowed on Wang Ling's thigh. As it was drifting off, it was still thinking that it was probably the only one on this earth to receive this sort of treatment.

It was a toad's nature to be fond of sleeping. In addition, cultivating the "Demon King Heart Sutra" consumed a lot of vitality, so Er Ha became tired and weary more easily compared with other spirit beasts with the same realms.

Wang Ling rubbed Er Ha's ear between two fingers. After confirming that it was completely asleep, he used spirit energy to directly move Er Ha to the side of the bed.

Immediately after that, he sent Lord Thunder a text message asking about the condition of that "foolish" girl Yaxuan whom they had arranged to stay with Cailian Zhenren, as well as the current situation with the silver unicorn.

Wang Ling had initially intended to ask Cailian Zhenren directly, but after careful consideration, he thought that doing so would easily cause misunderstandings. Wang Ling wouldn't hook up with girls, nor would he actively try to do so. Hence, when it came to relationship matters, he had always maintained an aloof distance.

While modern education didn't pay too much attention to puppy love, and Father Wang and Mother Wang were actually pretty open-minded about it, Wang Ling was in the end Wang Ling, and had his own thoughts on the matter.

Em... sixteen should be the age when one focused on studying.

Lord Thunder replied almost instantly. "Miss Yaxuan is now Cailian Zhenren's helper; she's quite diligent, though a little clumsy. The silver unicorn is at my villa for now. Does Brother Ling need it for something?"

Wang Ling replied with godly speed on his watch, and swiftly sent back the message: "Mm, ask it to give me some blood."

Lord Thunder: "..."

After thinking for a while, Wang Ling felt that asking for this out of the blue was a little brazen and not very appropriate.

Hence, he sent another message: "Five packets of crispy noodle snacks."

Lord Thunder: "..."

Wang Ling was undaunted. "Ten packets?"

Lord Thunder: "..."

Standing next to Lord Thunder, the silver unicorn had taken the form of a young man with long silver hair and was wearing a white shirt and jeans. These were Lord Thunder's clothes, and were unexpectedly a decent fit.

When it saw Wang Ling's offer, it almost puked blood on Lord Thunder's phone screen: ten packets of crispy noodle snacks in exchange for the blood of a holy beast... Why don't you just go and rob someone?!

The silver unicorn couldn't stand it and directly snatched the phone from Lord Thunder. "Big brother... if you're going to make an offer, you can't make one like this; the blood of a holy beast is priceless. You'll just be spoiling the market otherwise... you can't even buy chicken blood with this."

Wang Ling took a deep breath. "Twenty packets."

"..."

After reading this message, the silver unicorn and Lord Thunder were silent for two to three minutes.

A moment later, Lord Thunder picked up his tea to drink a mouthful and calm himself down.

On the other side, Wang Ling sent yet another text: "I can't offer more than this, otherwise it'll be a loss for me."

The silver unicorn: "???"

Pu!

Lord Thunder directly sprayed the tea he had yet to swallow.

The silver unicorn was already stupefied... What kind of person was this? Using immortal gold would have been well and good, but this was the first time that it heard of "crispy noodle snacks" used as a trade currency.

Lord Thunder smiled bitterly and patted the silver unicorn on the shoulder. "Just sell it to him. A favor from Brother Ling is far more meaningful than crispy noodle snacks. Besides... isn't he your master?"

The silver unicorn: "..." The problem was that it had never met such a stingy master before!

However, Wang Ling had saved Yaxuan's life with the Great Purification Spell at Immortal Mansion previously, so in some sense, the silver unicorn was still truly indebted to Wang Ling.

He just wanted a bit of holy beast blood; the silver unicorn could consider it a blood donation... What was more, it had the heart of a holy beast, so its qi and blood recovered at a much faster rate compared with ordinary spirit beasts. If it was five hundred milliliters of holy beast blood, the silver unicorn could recover immediately.

So it thought.

After a good long while, the silver unicorn finally wrote and sent a text message on Lord Thunder's phone: "How much do you want?"

Wang Ling answered almost to the second. "A ton."

The silver unicorn: "???"

After sending the text, Wang Ling felt that his request was a little too much, so he followed it up with another: "You can give me one thousand milliliters first, and then a bit each day after that until we reach one ton."

"..."

The silver unicorn looked at the content of the message, its eyes full of bitter complaints.

Lord Thunder looked at the silver unicorn. "You should be able to recover quickly, right?"

The silver unicorn: "This is animal cruelty..."

Lord Thunder: "Strictly speaking, holy beasts are extinct, so you're not protected by the state."

The silver unicorn opened its mouth, but was unable to say anything...

I've been shanghaied into joining the bad guys, haven't I?

While it was already feeling utterly disheartened, Wang Ling's next text message gave it the final K.O..

The text wasn't long, and only contained nine words...

...

The first six words: Remember to include the delivery fee.

The last three words: Cash on delivery...





Chapter 372 Society of Saints


Wang Ling naturally had his own reasons for needing so much holy beast blood. In a sense, Er Ha's narcolepsy had a lot to do with it cultivating the revised version of the "Demon King Heart Sutra." Although Wang Ling didn't know whether to call this a side effect, this kind of narcolepsy wasn't a good thing.

That was because once Er Ha slept, it slept like the dead, and would be completely unconscious for a while.

According to written accounts from ancient times, the blood of a holy beast had a miraculous effect on this type of condition. As long as Er Ha was immersed in this blood, this unique type of narcolepsy could be alleviated.

But Wang Ling was the slightest bit unhappy...

...Because this holy beast blood had cost him twenty packets of crispy noodle snacks; this was truly a great loss!

Wang Ling was initially going to review his classwork while Er Ha slept, but he suddenly heard Father Wang calling him from the first floor.

When he went downstairs, he found Mother Wang actually slumped over the table asleep, and Father Wang was taking off her apron.

Mother Wang had been out and about on her feet the whole of today, and along with the old man, had prepared a full table of dishes in the evening, which had taken a lot out of her. After very carefully removing Mother Wang's apron, Father Wang lifted her in a princess carry and then turned to Wang Ling and whispered, "Send us upstairs..."

Wang Ling nodded his head, then put his hand on Father Wang's shoulder and sent them straight to their bedroom on the third floor.

A human elevator... was really awesome.

On the side, the old man couldn't help exclaiming, "This ability is really very useful."

Grandpa, aren't you tired?

Wang Ling cocked his head and looked at the old man as he asked the question telepathically.

"I'm fine. It's mainly your mother who was exhausted today. She bought so many groceries and had to put them in the cart by herself; when all is said and done, I'm already old..."

The old man sighed. "When I worked at Kikkaro Restaurant back then, I did everything myself, from selecting the ingredients, loading and unloading them, to carrying them into the kitchen in the back to be cooked. Now, I can't do all this on my own anymore."

As he said this, the old man's eyes were fixed on the TV screen, and Wang Ling saw a male news anchor say in the standard broadcast voice, " Chasing Breasts Day and Night 1 ... is about to start!"

1(This is a pun on the title of the Chinese TV drama 白夜追凶, which translates to 'Chasing Violence Day and Night.' The Chinese word 'xiong' is a homonym for both 'violence' and'breast .. ') So it turned out that the old man was watching Chasing Breasts Day and Night !

This was a TV drama that had been popular recently, and was about twin brothers who were looking for their mother. Their mother had left when they were very young, so their impression of her was very limited; they only vaguely remembered seeing a plum blossom mark on her breast while they were nursing. One day, after obtaining clues on their mother in a particular city, they quickly started looking for her day and night: one person would act during the day, and the other at night, and the drama was about the various methods they used in their search for their mother. Later, after they found her, the two brothers worked together to write a guide for single dogs called 100 Ways to Undress ...

The old man had been waiting in front of the TV for a long time, and he couldn't help saying, "TV stations nowadays aren't on time with their broadcasts at all. They especially like to repeat their ads; they can air one three times in a row."

Immediately after he said this, the TV aired yet another ad, and the old man clicked his tongue. "The Society of Saints again... I've watched this ad at least thirty times on TV recently."

Society of Saints?

The name sounded familiar to Wang Ling; he seemed to have heard it mentioned a lot recently on his way home from school.

There were also ads for this Society of Saints along the road.

Wang Ling briefly watched the introduction to this society in the TV ad: a member of the Society of Saints was competing in a tug-of-war with a group of Grade Three Foundation Establishment students. No matter how hard these students pulled, the Society of Saints member was as firm as a rock and didn't budge an inch. Then, with a light yank, this member scored an easy victory.

At the end, the ad directly announced this member's profile.

His name was Chu Yuanhao, a freshman from Jiancai High School.

Age: 16

Stage: Peak late Foundation Establishment stage

Wang Ling's gaze turned sharp at this information. A freshman at the peak late Foundation Establishment stage actually won in a tug-of-war against ten high school students at the same level?

Wang Ling didn't think this was a fake ad since the crackdown on false TV advertising was now very severe. Furthermore, after the Shuigou Sect incident, there wouldn't be any organizations audacious enough to commit fraud - that would just be courting death.

And generally speaking, any institutions that could advertise on TV were mostly light forces that had been sanctioned by the state.

After watching the ad, Wang Ling thought at first that this Society of Saints was a private education institute.

But the string of white characters at the end of the ad completely changed his mind.

It said in white — Society of Saints is officially open! We welcome talented people from schools all across the nation!

That was to say, this Society of Saints was not a private education institute, but a national-level talent agency looking to attract capable and accomplished people from various schools to groom in particular. The spokesperson in the ad, Chu Yuanhao, was incomparably strong, and obviously met the Society of Saints' standard for eligibility.

According to the general standard in the modern cultivation system, a peak late Foundation Establishment cultivator would usually have a maximum strength of roughly two thousand jin , but Wang Ling had always thought that there were still people in the world who were endowed with talent beyond the ordinary.

This Society of Saints ad had indeed confirmed Wang Ling's way of thinking: there really were other people in the world with marvelous powers.

...

It was July 5th and the tenth Wednesday of the semester.

That morning, Grade One, Class Three had finally recovered its previous liveliness. Chen Chao, Guo Hao, Su Xiao and the others had returned to school. Although their spirits were still sealed at the moment and they couldn't used spirit energy, Teacher Pan had felt that their studies couldn't be delayed any longer.

Hence, she had taken pains to call their parents one by one and mobilize them with regard to the midterm exams. It was thus thanks to her that all the students of Grade One, Class Three were present today. The students from other classes whose spirit energy had been sealed were still at home resting and would only return to school the following week...

After about ten minutes, Teacher Pan entered the classroom. When she saw that everyone was present today, she nodded with great satisfaction.

She stood on the dais, smiling innocently. "Wow! Why do I find every student in my class today so cute?!"

"..."

"Some of you are recovering, but you actually came to school yourself for the sake of learning - as your teacher, I'm very touched!"

"..."

It would have been better if she hadn't said it - Wang Ling could already feel the class brimming with resentment.

Teacher Pan looked around and smiled, then took out a pile of test papers from who knew where. "Since my cute students like studying so much, how about we do two review papers first?"

"..."





Chapter 373 Elite of the Elite


In this way, all the students were tormented by Teacher Pan in the morning self-study period and the first two lessons after that. When all of the Dao talismans lessons were over, they were all amazed that they had actually done three test papers... and even then this wasn't the most astonishing thing - the scariest was that Teacher Pan had already marked two sets of the review papers in class and was now busy recording down their scores in the teacher's office.

Teacher Pan was truly a teaching pioneer at Number 60 High School... Her prowess was quite formidable.

After class, there was an uproar in the classroom block which was focused on Guo Hao.

Guo Hao was general pretty popular with the other classes... of course, it was all thanks to the gossip he usually shared. The most ridiculous thing, moreover, was that there was actually a Guo Hao fanclub at Number 60 High School.

After hearing that Guo Hao had returned to school, the Guo Hao fans from every class came almost right after lessons were over to ask about his injury. In fact, this guy hadn't been hurt at all; if you really needed to think of an injury, then it would be from when the Heavenly Materials sword had left a tiny cut on the back of the hand or the arm of the students in order to seal their spirits.

Furthermore, this was the type of injury that could be completely overlooked after applying some ointment.

Additionally, to be more precise, a sealed spirit wasn't an injury, but a condition.

Wang Ling sat on a desk at the far end of the classroom and watched the drama unfold with Chen Chao next to him. Because his desk was next to Guo Hao's, it was now already surrounded and occupied. Wang Ling really hated the feeling of being hemmed in by a crowd, so he simply stayed a little further away and watched the show with Chen Chao.

"How are you now? How does it feel to have your spirit sealed?" someone asked.

Guo Hao closed his eyes in deep contemplation before replying, "...Hm, this is the first time my spirit has been sealed, and somehow I feel a little empty."

"What's it like?"

"Do you know the feeling of four pissing beef balls stuffed inside a Matryoshka doll to play mahjong together?"

"..."

Even if he didn't understand it, Wang Ling felt that this upgraded version of this familiar description seemed pretty awesome.

Guo Hao couldn't help laughing when he saw the pained expressions around him. "Just kidding, it actually isn't that serious. I just feel like I've suddenly been deprived of my spirit energy, so I'm like a normal person now. But I'm not used to it - even going up the stairs takes effort."

Actually, with the spirit sealed, one could see the difference in physical attributes between a Foundation Establishment cultivator and an ordinary person. In terms of cultivation talent, Wang Ling thought that Guo Hao was in fact quite normal; even though Guo Hao was in the elite class, he wasn't very strong, and was probably barely above average among all the Foundation Establishment students in the whole city.

In the last two years, Number 60 High School had been a lot stricter in their selection of freshmen while they made preparations to be upgraded to a key city high school. Therefore, Number 60 High School's freshmen weren't the worst like Teacher Pan claimed they were. In terms of pure talent, they were a lot better than students in previous years.

Many who entered the school were at the peak late Foundation Establishment stage, like Sun Rong and Chen Chao... Provided that the school had adequate resources, these type of elite students would very likely reach the Golden Core stage before graduation.

It was already different for Foundation Establishment cultivators now; as long as they had talent plus sufficient resources, reaching the Golden Core stage within a few years was completely doable, but no further than that. For example, it was far from enough to rely solely on modern cultivation resources to advance from the Golden Core stage to the Nascent Soul stage; it required a lot more time spent on the path of Dao.

Therefore, this year's freshmen were Number 60 High School's best hope at improving their Golden Core conversion rate and also helping the school to be directly promoted to a key city high school.

Although typically there were teachers with more poisonous mouths, none of the teachers in the school dared deny this point. They might criticize their students in various aspects on the surface, but they were secretly very competitive, saying how awesome their students were, what great scores they got and so on...

When all was said and done, these were their students; no matter how many shortcomings they might have, if they had even just one shining point about them, their teachers would do all they could do build on it.

With five minutes left to the start of the next lesson, someone asked Guo Hao, "Any new gossip recently?"

Guo Hao replied without hesitation, "Of course, that Society of Saints that popped up recently."

Everyone around him had enlightened expressions; it was obvious from this reaction that everyone had watched and even paid special attention to that Society of Saints ad.

Guo Hao smiled. "This Society of Saints is pretty new; it's not a private education institute, but a nationally certified organization for gathering elite students from all over. To put it in a way that will be easier for all of you to understand, this Society of Saints is an elite class established by the state for recruiting elite students from schools all across the country. Of course, those who can enter the society are the elite of the elite, and are extraordinarily gifted."

"I see." Everyone nodded - even though they didn't quite understand it, it seemed pretty awesome.

The image of the spokesperson, Chu Yuanhao, winning single-handedly in a tug-of-war against ten people with the same realm in the Society of Saints ad was still vivid in their minds.

Another person asked, "After joining this Society of Saints, do you then belong to the school or to the Society of Saints?"

Guo Hao: "It's like this: joining the Society of Saints means you'll have another identity as its member. During your three years in senior high school, you'll get special lessons and combat training at their school base. In addition to receiving a huge resource subsidy each week, you can also get one-on-one lessons with renowned teachers. But you'll undertake the college entrance examination as a student of your previous school, so your exams scores will belong to the school."

"Is this a collaboration with high schools nationwide?" someone said.

Guo Hao nodded. "You can think of it that way, but it isn't that easy to join the Society of Saints. They only accept freshmen, and once they have their eye on you, they'll send people to your school to discuss terms, then sign an agreement. Of course, you can pay money to take the society's test yourself... but most likely you won't pass."

"Then... how much would it cost?"

"Five thousand immortal gold."

"Fuck! So expensive?" some people exclaimed. "And if you don't pass?"

"Then you'll have wasted your money."

Guo Hao shrugged. "But as far as I know, rich families now all want to send their kids there... I hear that if you can get into the top twenty in the Society of Saints, you can get a recommendation for university - you don't have to take the college entrance exam and you won't have to be at the Golden Core stage; you can go to whichever university you want."

This caused an uproar for a while - who on earth had set up this Society of Saints? Was he that powerful?

There were some who were doubtful. "Where did you get this information? Is it reliable?"

Guo Hao laughed again. "Rest assured, it's completely reliable. It was one of my uncles in the Society of Saints who told me!"

Everyone: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

...

That night, Guo Hao went home.

He stared at Mother Guo. "Mom, am I your biological child?"

Mother Guo: "Of course."

Guo Hao: "Then I want to take the test for the Society of Saints..."

Mother Guo smiled. "In the winter of that year, the snow was especially heavy. I was on my way home with your father when we heard something moving around inside a dustbin on the roadside."

Guo Hao: "Mom, it's actually not expensive... it's just five thousand immortal gold..."

Mother Guo: "Your father and I went to take a closer look, and discovered... that it was a dog!"

Guo Hao: "Mom... I won't take the test..."

Mother Guo: "The dog was holding you in its mouth..."





Chapter 374 Sorrowful Xiao Yin0


0('Xiao Yin' translates to 'Little Silver.') As Guo Hao said, the Society of Saints really wasn't a place just anyone could get into.

Logically speaking, there was no way that Zhuo Yi, as Director of the General Administration of 100 Schools as well as a judicial officer of Songhai city, could be unaware of it. If the Society of Saints made any move, he would probably be the first person in Songhai city to hear of it.

However, this Society of Saints didn't do things the normal way. The entire organization's existence had from the start in fact been classified as a state secret; it was under the direct administration of the Alliance of Ten Thousand Schools, and had already been running out of a small place for a period of time before it had gone public in the last two days. Zhuo Yi had only received this information when the Society of Saints ad had appeared on TV.

Of course, the most exciting thing about this Society of Saints was probably the purported recommendation for university admission; as long as you were extraordinarily talented and could rank high enough in the Society of Saints, you could enter any university you wanted without needing to be at the Golden Core stage... for example, Seven Stars Sect's overall cut-off score for admission was two hundred thousand, and a lot of people could never hope to enter this sacred university in their lifetimes.

But if someone could enter the Society of Saints, then anything was possible.

Hence the question now was: how to find out whether you were talented enough to catch the eye of the Society of Saints. This was a matter worth thinking about.

Wang Ling saw an online post where someone had specifically dug up information on the student who had appeared in the Society of Saints ad, Chu Yuanhao.

Jiancai High School was well-known in related circles as a high school built through investments from rich second generation Lin Xiaocong's father Lin Sicong. Actually, this Chu Yuanhao had a direct connection to Lin Xiaocong. He had initially just been Lin Xiaocong's follower, but a while ago, when the other boy had been cornered by several upperclassmen outside, Chu Yuanhao's potential had exploded.

According to that post, several individuals dressed in black had then dropped out of the sky and directly taken Chu Yuanhao away...

These men in black were part of Society of Saints' cadre, which was dispersed all over the country; they were in charge of specially selecting students with gifts. The person who had put up this post surmised that the men in black had probably been following Lin Xiaocong, and in the end had accidentally chanced upon a bonus find in Chu Yuanhao.

Wang Ling purely assumed the attitude of a bystander in this matter.

Whether it was the outside world's favorable view of the Society of Saints or how many people wanted to join it, it was none of Wang Ling's business.

At the moment, his main priority was to deal with the district sports meet and the midterm exams, as well as the fact that he was about to be down twenty packets of crispy noodle snacks... everything else other than that was nothing to him.

How powerful the Society of Saints was had nothing to do with him.

Hopefully they wouldn't seek him out.

However, he thought that the probability of the Society of Saints finding him was pretty low; his grades in Number 60 High School were consistently average, why would they notice him?

Thinking about this, Wang Ling simply pushed the issue to the back of his mind.

Revision, revision! This was far more important than the Society of Saints!

He had to get an average score in the exams... he couldn't do too well, otherwise Father Wang would chastise him, but he couldn't do too poorly either, otherwise Teacher Pan would call his parents.

That was why Wang Ling thought that the person who could truly manage average grades every single time was the real big boss.

However, he had barely opened his textbook when he received a text message from Lord Thunder. "Brother Ling... I have something to tell you..."

Wang Ling replied with a question mark. "?"

Lord Thunder: "That... we might have to give the holy beast blood to you a day late."

Wang Ling was about to ask why when Lord Thunder sent another text: "Today I prepared a basin for Xiao Yin, and when he was getting ready to draw blood, he said something about how it had to be done under the midday sun, so he went outside with the basin and knife to do it."

Seeing this, Wang Ling could already guess what had happened. "..."

Sure enough, he read the latter half of the text: "Then, the neighbors saw Xiao Yin cut his wrist and bleed himself... he's still being watched in custody, and the police are currently counseling him."

Wang Ling: "..."

...

Seven o'clock at night, Anning District Cultivation Police Station, Songhai city.

Xiao Yin was in front of a police officer; his right wrist had already been disinfected and bound up in a simple wrap.

When he had been discovered 'cutting his wrist,' half the basin had already been filled with his holy beast blood... but in the end the police officer had tossed it without a second thought. When he recalled the scenario from back then, Xiao Yin still felt a deep ache in his balls.

Thankfully holy beasts didn't rely on the liver to produce blood, otherwise he would have been dead exhausted.

"Name."

"Xiao Yin."

"I'm asking for your real name..."

"I'm Xiao Yin." The young man took out his ID card, which Lord Thunder had personally taken him to get done not long ago

"Does it still hurt?" the police little brother responsible for taking notes asked with concern.

This little brother had been a psychiatrist before, so he would typically be put in charge of cases of attempted suicide such as this. In fact, taking notes was secondary; the most critical was psychological counseling. He had to coax these young people who had attempted suicide to open their hearts and feel the warmth of the world!

"No..."

Xiao Yin replied in a low voice and looked a little disgustedly at the bandage wrapped around his wrist.

If he wanted to, he could completely heal this small cut in a few seconds. In order to not give himself away, he had deactivated his healing factor on the way to the police station as he watched the police officer dress his wound, and there had still been quite a bit of blood...

"When can I leave?" Xiao Yin looked up and blinked luminous eyes at the police officer as he asked his question.

But the police little brother didn't buy it at all. "Playing cute is useless; you have to clearly explain why you wanted to kill yourself."

"..."

Xiao Yin muttered under his breath with resentment on his face. "Wasn't it because of those twenty packets of crispy noodle snacks..."

The police little brother almost threw his pen aside when he heard this. "What did you say?"

Xiao Yin: "Er... I mean, it was because I didn't get the card I wanted inside these twenty packets of crispy noodle snacks, so..."

The police little brother continued to be shocked. "Just because of this, you decided to kill yourself?"

Xiao Yin: "Otherwise...?"

The police little brother: "..."

...

About an hour later, Lord Thunder arrived at the police station.

Lord Thunder: "Hello, I'm here to post bail..."

The police officer at the reception desk smiled. "Who are you posting bail for? Name, please."

Lord Thunder: "Xiao Yin."

"Oh, that young man who looks like he's of mixed blood. He was indeed here earlier because he had attempted suicide," said the police officer.

Lord Thunder: "And now?"

The police officer: "You can check the psychiatric department in Second Hospital's isolation zone."

Lord Thunder: "..."





Chapter 375 Share a Bit About Your Soul Pets


After finding out about Xiao Yin's miserable experience, Wang Ling was speechless for a good while... When all was said and done, Xiao Yin was a holy beast and was too honest; it would have been strange if no one had noticed him cutting his wrist and bleeding himself in broad daylight. If he had cast an invisibility spell or set up a boundary, things wouldn't have become this troublesome.

Thanks to this unexpected incident, it appeared that the holy beast blood would be delayed for two days.

Wang Ling sighed in his heart, but he didn't actually need it that urgently. After merging with its current body, Er Ha's soul was in fact still going through a long period of adaptation; in addition to the fact that Er Ha was cultivating the new version of the "Demon King Heart Sutra," symptoms like being fond of sleeping were a sign that its body was still adapting.

The holy beast blood would act like a catalyst which could substantially reduce the time needed for the body and soul to align with each other.

This wasn't a situation unique to Er Ha; when a soul entered a brand new body, it would always need quite some time to break it in. This was unavoidable, like when the old devil had borrowed the body of the Master of Shadow Stream, or such as in the case of the takeout delivery little brothers whose bodies had suffered at the hands of the old devil back then; although the insurance companies had created new "lotus root bodies" for each of them, it wasn't that easy to truly get used to them.

For these takeout delivery little brothers, even the simple act of shaking hands and hugging at the very beginning had had to be done gingerly since these lotus root bodies were especially fragile before they were broken in - one careless mistake and an arm could snap off, trailing a long lotus root fiber... just thinking about it was horrifying.

It was now already past eight o'clock in the evening. After doing a bit of revision, Wang Ling then couldn't resist taking out his watch.

Electronic gadgets nowadays were really evil; people were unable to control themselves and would take them out at all times for a look.

That morning, the thing with the Society of Saints had yet to become widespread, and it had only circulated within the school.

But now, Wang Ling was surprised to discover that this Society of Saints was already a hot search topic online and was mentioned by all the major news media outlets, and even in WeChat Moments and special top trending topics.

But Wang Ling didn't click on anything, and instead chose to ignore them.

Afterwards, he opened the class group chat, and predictably, it was flooded. His classmates had grown increasingly passionate in the discussion on the Society of Saints, as if every one of them was an unusual talent that would be signed by the society any minute now.

After all, a recommendation for university admission was just too tempting.

After graduating from high school, if you could smoothly enter the university you wanted to get into, you had for the most part succeeded in life. As mentioned before, it didn't take long at all for a modern cultivator to advance from the Foundation Establishment stage to the Golden Core stage; as long as you were talented enough and had sufficient resources, there wouldn't be any problem making a breakthrough in just a few years. But advancing from the Golden Core stage to the Nascent Soul stage wasn't the same; during this period, you would need a very good life coach, and you could only encounter this sort of person at top universities.

Of course... Wang Ling felt that all of this had nothing to do with him.

While he was surfing online, Teacher Ye suddenly sent him a private message: "Student Wang Ling, this is the entry form for the battle of soul pets. Please fill it out and send it to me when you have the time. There are examples inside the form which you can refer to - these are the combat spirit beasts which the other schools have already entered into the competition; you can take a closer look at them."

After that, Teacher Ye straightaway sent him the digital form. "Oh, by the way, Student Wang Ling, every spirit beast taking part in the battle needs to have a qualification certificate. The next time you're at school, just give me a copy of the credentials."

"..."

To be honest, if it hadn't been for Teacher Ye, Wang Ling would have completely forgotten all about this.

Until now, Er Ha had yet to be assessed by a regulatory organization!

But it sounded like a hassle; Er Ha could go do it itself...

After that, Wang Ling opened the form and went straight to the last few pages.

These were Number 59 High School and Reliance High School's entries into the "battle of soul pets" event in the district sports meet. Both schools had already selected spirit beasts suitable for combat.

These two spirit beasts belonged to students in each school respectively. The combat spirit beast which Number 59 High School was sending out was a gorilla named Jinbei, and its owner happened to be that famous delinquent senior He Bufeng who had turned over a new leaf.

The form contained all the information on Jinbei.

Name: Jinbei

Age: 300 years

Level: Fourth-class Spirit Beast

Species: Goldenback Gorilla

Character: Docile, Friendly with people

Likes: Bananas

Special Traits: When it sees bananas, it will enter a state of sustained violence

After he finished reading the information, Wang Ling found a photo of Jinbei in the top right corner of the form. Although the goldenback gorilla was three hundred years old, it was considered a teenager in its clan. Soul pets generally had contracts, and often this soul pet contract could be passed down through the bloodline.

Hence, Wang Ling speculated that this gorilla had probably been handed down in He Bufeng's family.

Actually, there were a lot of goldenback gorillas in the world of spirit beasts, so they weren't exactly rare. But in the world of soul pets, they were priceless since few people would keep a gorilla as a pet at home.

Also as a sidenote, this confirmed that He Bufeng's family situation was actually pretty good, though one couldn't tell to what extent.

Apart from the goldenback gorilla that He Bufeng had offered up this time, Reliance High School had also put forward a pretty savage spirit beast, a land shark.

Furthermore, it was a third-class beast!

The owner was one of the three Tree brothers whom Teacher Ye had mentioned previously, Aluminum Tree.

Land sharks were amphibious and quite rare among aggressive-type spirit beasts. Despite that, however, they were very easy to tame. If you could raise a land shark pup from a young age, feeding it meat and potato chips every day, it would become unwaveringly devoted to you.

While land sharks were certainly very strong, they had a major flaw, and that was that they ate a tremendous amount. This spirit beast breed really liked to eat, and not only that, they were also very picky. There was no way that a regular family would be able to raise this thing.

Looking at the form, Wang Ling sighed in his heart; it turned out that his two opponents this time were rich big shots!

In contrast, Wang Ling felt that Er Ha was really easy to raise and also wasn't big in size; in addition to being easy to carry around, it didn't eat so much - the most important thing was that when you were tired from doing your homework, that green fur would always give you an overflowing sense of spring...

Thinking about this, Wang Ling scrolled through the form and took a look at the specific data on the land shark.

Name: Aluminum Small Fish

Age: 233 years

Level: Third-class Spirit Beast

Character: Likes water, Going for walks, Tasty, Savage

Likes: All kinds of meat and potato chips

Special Traits: It can't move without food

Species: Seafood...





Chapter 376 This Dog... Is So Awesome


There were three spirit beast qualification assessment centers in Songhai city, and they mainly dealt in class identification. As long as you produced the relevant soul pet contract and paid the compulsory assessment fee, you could take the qualification assessment test. Er Ha had been at Wang Ling's place for so long, but they had never formed a contract... because this kind of contract was in fact meaningless to both Wang Ling and Er Ha.

The reason for the existence of the soul pet contract was so that owners could use the power of the contract to forcibly restrain their soul pets if they went out of control. But as a pet that belonged to Ling Zhenren, this type of contract was utterly worthless.

First of all, there was no way Er Ha would ever lose control, let alone rebel against Wang Ling - that was just deliberately asking for trouble.

However, in order to participate in the spirit beast qualification assessment center's test this time, Wang Ling had formed a contract with Er Ha last night, and Er Ha had brought that contract out with it.

The toad clan had a Space Swallowing Spell, and though Er Ha was now a dog, it could still cast the spell as long as it could use spirit energy and knew the incantation. For now, the contract was stored away inside its mouth.

...

It was almost eleven o'clock when a green akita showed up at the entrance to the qualification assessment center.

This was the spirit beast qualification assessment center in the heart of the city. It was a very imposing building that was shaped like a giant egg and densely studded with all kinds of decorative spirit stones.

Er Ha reached the glass doors in two or three jumps. Although it had yet to enter the building, it could already hear the noise inside.

In front of the reception desk was a long queue of cultivators waiting with their spirit beasts to get the qualification assessment done. Contrary to Er Ha's expectations, the spirit beasts ahead of it in line were pretty ordinary. There were all kinds of spirit beasts, from those that flew to those that ran and those that swam... the most novel spirit beast actually turned out to be a butterfly whose owner was a teenager wearing a red peaked cap and standing in front of Er Ha in line.

This butterfly was obediently perched motionless on the teenager's shoulder.

Er Ha was at the very end of the queue. When it spotted the butterfly, it immediately started to sweat; this was most likely a rare spirit butterfly, but Er Ha couldn't tell exactly what species of spirit butterfly it belonged to.

The classification of spirit beasts in the cultivation world was just too complicated. There were all kinds of fantastic oddities. Therefore, whether a spirit beast was good or bad often depended on how strong it was.

As long as you were strong enough, even if you were a spirit ant, you could be called a king.

Nowadays, there were plenty of cultivators who relied on the spirit beasts they kept to earn money by entering them in soul pet competitions all across the country. This was a new industry which the spirit beast qualification assessment centers had been created to serve.

First of all, they could link together soul pet competitions all over the country to provide the government with precise data on spirit beasts. Secondly, they could make proper records of all the spirit beasts that were being kept as pets nationwide so that if something happened, the assessment centers could contact the owners directly.

While it was in line, Er Ha saw the boy with the red peaked cap in front of it suddenly turn to look at it. "Did you come by yourself? Where's your owner?"

Er Ha raised its head to look at the clock in the main hall of the qualification assessment center and directly replied, "He's in class."

In the end, this inconsequential reply made all the nearby spirit beasts and their owners in line send utterly amazed looks in Er Ha's direction - even the security guards next to them who were in charge of maintaining order, as well as the qualification assessment center's management, were shocked.

The hell?! This green-furred dog could actually talk?

In general, only second-class spirit beasts would have a preliminary grasp of language, right?

Usually for spirit beasts lower than second class, only their owners whom they had formed contracts with would be able to understand what they were saying!

The teenager stared at Er Ha in utter amazement. "You can talk? Are you a second-class beast?"

Er Ha was very modest. "Second-class? I don't think I'm there yet..."

The teenager was a little puzzled. "Then how are you able to talk?"

Er Ha: "I can also write; is it so hard to learn?"

Everyone: "..."

The teenager took a deep breath. He had originally wondered what kind of owner would be so relaxed as to let their soul pet come to take the qualification assessment on its own...

This was because there would be a follow-up form to fill plus a question-and-answer session for which the soul pets would need to collaborate with their owners. But if the soul pet could talk and write... then its owner really didn't need to accompany it for the qualification assessment.

This teenager was in fact that kind of cultivator who specialized in training his own spirit beasts and then take them all over the country to take part in competitions. The moment he had seen Er Ha, he had immediately been taken with it... he felt that this green-furred dog wasn't just any ordinary type of cool!

What kind of spirit beast could speak and write despite not having yet advanced to second class?

This teenager was incredibly curious about Er Ha, and he immediately crouched down and stretched out one hand. "Hello, nice to meet you... My name is Wei Zhi, I'm from Zhenxin town. You can call me Little Zhi."

"..."

Er Ha was dazed as for some reason, it felt like it had heard this linebefore 1 . To be polite, it also put out its paw.

1(If it isn't obvious by now, Little Zhi or Xiao Zhi is the Chinese name for Satoshi, the main protagonist in the original 'Pokemon' series.) This teenager called Wei Zhi looked very excited. "Were you born with green fur?"

Er Ha nodded its head. "Sort of..."

In fact, it had long wanted to complain about this green fur.

Although it had once been a demon king, Er Ha had never crossed any lines, and hadn't done anything too outrageous. The greatest atrocity it had ever committed in its life was probably when the Gate Between Worlds had descended six years ago... Furthermore, probably no one would believe that back then, it had been the other demon kings that had joined hands to push it out of the Gate.

In the end, it had barely landed before it had been killed.

With the exception of this incident, Er Ha thought that it was a pretty decent toad. But then Teacher Pan had fused it with a dog and turned it into a green-furred akita, which had filled Er Ha's heart with despair.

Was there anyone who had never made any mistakes when they were younger? Why did it have to be turned into the color of forgiveness 2 .

2(Green as the color of forgiveness refers to the Chinese phrase "to wear a green hat," which means to be cuckolded ..) It might not seem like a big deal to anyone else, but it was really painful for Er Ha...

Because of this teenager Wei Zhi's flustered behavior, Er Ha noticed that there were now more and more eyes on it... Even several of the staff members in charge of registration at the front desk were staring at it strangely.

When it was Wei Zhi's turn to fill in the assessment form, he cast a slightly concerned glance at Er Ha.

"Shall I fill it out for you? It's hard for you to hold a pen in your paw, right?"

Er Ha shook its head. "No, I'll do it myself."

Wei Zhi and the staff at the front desk were dumbstruck. Then Wei Zhi gave Er Ha an information form and passed it a pen, and he couldn't help laughing. "This is the first time I've ever seen a dog write..."

Er Ha held the pen adeptly. Actually, it wasn't so much that it was holding the pen, but that it had attached it to its paw with spirit energy. This was a pose which Er Ha had especially studied, and it made it easier to move the pen back and forth.

As Er Ha began to fill in the form, a lot of people in the queue couldn't help watching; even Wei Zhi couldn't help glancing in Er Ha's direction as he filled in his own form.

Suddenly, Wei Zhi asked curiously, "What kind of spirit dog are you?"

Er Ha answered indifferently, "Akita."

Akita?

Everyone was shocked... because the akita was just a normal dog breed, and didn't belong to the ranks of spirit dogs at all!

Wei Zhi was astonished. "Are you a mongrel?"

The corners of Er Ha's eyes twitched. "You're the mongrel!"

Wei Zhi: "..."





Chapter 377 Pushing Large Butterfly


Lying on the ground, Er Ha finished filling in the registration form, and Wei Zhi helped it hand the form to the receptionist at the front desk. When he saw the writing on it, he was extremely astonished; it was in a slender goldstyle 1 that many people might try to emulate but not necessarily achieve. Although the words had been written with a dog's paw, they were very neat, so much so that they looked like they had been printed.

1(The "slender gold" style of calligraphy invented by Emperor Huizong refers to how his writing resembled twisted and curved gold filament.) "How did you make it so perfect?" Wei Zhi was now more and more curious about Er Ha. He felt that this was definitely a dog with a story to tell!

"I practice assiduously." Er Ha's answer was just three words.

As it spoke, Er Ha's eyes seemed a little pleased, but it didn't show much excitement on its face. It didn't know whether it was because it had been with Ling Zhenren for so long, but Er Ha felt that it was obviously using a lot less facial expressions, and it was tending slightly toward using a poker face.

"You're really interesting. If it's possible, I'd really like to meet your owner," Wei Zhi said.

"If there is an opportunity."

Er Ha's reply was very polite.

From this response, Wei Zhi instantly understood that there was no way this bizarre green-furred akita would ever help him meet its owner.

But Wei Zhi felt that he would still be able to find its owner even without its help! The owner's name and home address were on the registration form it had just filled in! When he helped Er Ha submit the form, Wei Zhi sneakily took a photo! He could search for the address himself!

What kind of person could raise such a bizarre akita... Wei Zhi was more and more curious!

Seeing Wei Zhi's "triumphant" expression, Er Ha couldn't help laughing in its heart on the side.

In the end he was still a youngster.

Too young!

Er Ha had in fact been aware of Wei Zhi secretly taking a photo, but it wasn't worried at all... because this type of information lifted on the sly would definitely be affected by the "Great Shielding Spell" and became a lump of mosaic tiles.

After waiting in front of the reception desk for a while, a staff member quickly entered Wei Zhi and Er Ha's data into the computer before giving them two number plates. "Please proceed to the test hall up ahead and wait for your turn to be tested."

Er Ha held the number plate in its mouth; it was number 177, and Wei Zhi was number 176.

After a clear look at the number plate, Er Ha raised its head. Its mouth glowed with faint spirit light, and then it used the "Space Swallowing Spell" to put away the number plate, since it would be in the way if it hung off Er Ha's body.

Wei Zhi was even more amazed when he saw this scene. "What spell is this?"

Er Ha replied, "Nothing much... it's a very common spatial spell so that I can store things in my mouth."

Hearing this, Wei Zhi swore. "The Mouth Escape Technique 2 ?"

2(An online term that can mean variously to persuade someone with your words or talk your way out of things.) Er Ha: "..."

...

A person and a dog made their way toward the test hall. The assessment center was very big, and it was very easy for anyone who was here for the first time to get lost. But Er Ha appeared quite calm as it strode forward without the slightest bit of hesitation.

"There's a map over there, shall we go take a look?" Wei Zhi asked.

"No need." Er Ha shook its head.

Before making their way to the test hall, Er Ha had already remembered the aura of the man who had been in front of Wei Zhi in the queue. Now it just followed that person's aura. The man had already arrived at the test hall and his aura had already settled down, so there was absolutely no mistake.

While this wasn't Wei Zhi's first visit to an assessment center, it was in fact his first time at this particular one. He followed behind Er Ha, and finally, they really did reach their destination.

After that, his regard for Er Ha increased even more.

Able to speak, to write, to use the Mouth Escape Technique and to even navigate... This was simply a must-have pet for home or travel!

At that moment, Wei Zhi had already made up his mind — when he went back, he would get a dog!

When they arrived at the test hall, there were a lot of people waiting in line. Er Ha's gaze swept over the ten-odd people in front of it. The assessment wouldn't be as quick as filling in the form had been, so it would probably have to wait a while. However, those in line could watch live images of the spirit beasts currently being tested on crystal screens in the center of the test hall.

These images were only broadcasted with the owners' consent; without their permission, they wouldn't be played publicly.

But most of them had full confidence in their spirit beasts, so they all gave their consent - this was an opportunity to show off publicly and to satisfy their vanity. As long as their soul pets were strong enough, the owners would also be acclaimed.

Er Ha gazed at the crystal screen for room number 2 in the test hall; it was showing images of a brawny rabbit which was currently being tested. At a height of one hundred and sixty centimeters, the rabbit was unusually large and packed with muscle from head to toe. It was wearing boxing gloves on both hands, and looked quite terrifying. But maybe because of its owner's bad taste, the rabbit's ears were tied into a bow.

"Muscular Spirit Rabbit?"

Wei Zhi recognized the breed at a glance, and then began to analyze this rabbit. "The color of its coat is not bad! And its muscles are well-developed! I'm guessing it's at least fourth class. It's a strength-type spirit beast good at quick attacks. It's already a sixth-class beast as an infant, and the highest level it can advance to is third class. But raising one is pretty difficult since this type of spirit rabbit is particularly vulnerable to illness as an infant. The advantage is that once you've nurtured and raised it, it's very loyal and can be used in all kinds of combat."

Er Ha nodded its head slightly. It hadn't expected Wei Zhi to know so much despite his young age.

Wei Zhi crouched down beside Er Ha and smiled slightly. "I'll tell you a secret..."

Er Ha: "???"

Wei Zhi: "This rabbit has already been neutered."

Er Ha: "..."

Wei Zhi sighed and said, "Besides being particularly vulnerable to illness, this is the second biggest flaw of this kind of rabbit — it has a very lusty appetite. If you don't control it and you let it roam free for a year, it'll bring back an army coalition for you."

Er Ha: "..."

Just like that, one person and one dog made inane conversation in front of the doors; during this time, Er Ha tried to speak as little as possible and did its best to be an inconspicuous dog. However, because of the waves Wei Zhi had stirred up earlier, most of the people who had come for the test today were impressed by Er Ha; they had still been pointing Er Ha out right up until it had been about to enter the test hall.

Soon, it was finally Wei Zhi's turn.

"Brother Dog, I'm going first!" Wei Zhi crouched down and rubbed Er Ha's head, taking the opportunity to grope it.

Er Ha: "..."

...

Very quickly, the scene of Wei Zhi and his spirit butterfly taking the test was projected on a screen.

The first session was the strength test.

A strength testing machine had been set up in the center of the test room which would give a corresponding strength value after one blow by the spirit beast.

Wei Zhi's butterfly flew over unhurriedly and stopped in front of the testing machine.

Everyone watched this scene...

Two seconds later, they all heard a fierce explosion.

Er Ha was startled when it saw the value revealed by the testing machine. Such a small spirit butterfly... actually had a strength of two thousand jin ...

"What the hell, what kind of butterfly is this?" someone next to Er Ha exclaimed.

Another person who was staring at the screen said hesitantly, "It looks like... a Pushing Large Butterfly 3 ?"

3(The Chinese adaptation and loose transliteration of the name of the butterfly Pokemon Butterfree is 'badahu.' The author has used a homonym for 'ba' which means 'push .. ') "Pushing Large Butterfly?"

"That's right. The pupa of this butterfly species is very, very thick, and it's as large as a basketball. They have to push their way out of the pupa layer by layer; that's why they're called Pushing Large Butterflies."

Er Ha: "..." Were they onions?





Chapter 378 A Slick Middle-Aged Man Who Raises Penguins


The test at the assessment center was divided into many parts. In addition to the strength test, speed test, jump test, defense test and intelligence test, which were the five basic ability tests, the most important part was the last actual combat assessment segment.

Before Wei Zhi had gone in, Er Ha had heard him say that the spirit beasts used in the actual combat segment had been bred together by the assessment center.

All the test beasts had the same abilities; the only difference was in their grades.

The assessment center's general rule was that after the five basic ability tests, the assessment center instructor would directly determine the grade based on the spirit beast's overall ability. For example, if it was a fourth-class spirit beast, a fourth-class test beast would be arranged for the last actual combat segment.

If the spirit beast won, it would ultimately be upgraded to third class or its grade would remain the same depending on its performance in the fight. But if the spirit beast lost, it would be downgraded to a lower level.

This was a rule that had been put in place back when the assessment centers had been first set up, and was in fact pretty fair.

The only troublesome thing was the test beast's ability.

Because from what Wei Zhi had said, the test beasts which all the assessment centers used were spirit emperor penguins.

Er Ha had some knowledge of this type of spirit beast. In addition to their strong ability to endure and resist attacks, they had an annoying but extremely powerful ability to mimic other spirit beasts — in a short span of time, they could completely duplicate any spells used by a spirit beast in battle, so they could be considered pretty omnipotent spirit beasts.

But they also had a weakness, which was that they usually dealt very little damage. Hence, spirit emperor penguins were very suitable for use as test beasts in assessment centers.

While Er Ha was contemplating this, one of the test rooms had been vacated, and at the same time, the broadcast system started to call out a number, which was Er Ha's very number: number 177.

There were five test rooms in the test hall. Wei Zhi had entered room number 4. The room Er Ha was going to enter was room number 5, next to Wei Zhi.

Er Ha glanced at the screen and saw that Wei Zhi and his Pushing Large Butterfly had just started the speed test.

After its number was called, Er Ha disgorged its number plate from its mouth and waited quietly at the door to room 5.

After a while, the person who had entered room 5 previously came out. It was a man in a black windbreaker, and unexpectedly, it was followed by a small bone dragon.

This small bone dragon following the man appeared very docile, but the two balls of hellfire in its eyes looked very horrifying.

Was this person a foreigner?

Er Ha was shocked because bone dragons were spirit beasts that belonged to the dead souls category and weren't seen in Huaxiu nation. Furthermore, local cultivators mostly chased luck in fengshui, so very few of them would raise a dead soul-type spirit beast. Hence, they didn't really sell well in Huaxiu. However, this kind of spirit beast was quite popular abroad.

"I really want to know what this bone dragon's grade is, it should be pretty awesome."

"But it seems that its owner didn't choose to make its test public. What a pity! It's rare to see one!"

There were sounds of discussion around Er Ha.

It watched as the man in the black windbreaker and the little bone dragon walked out the door. When they reached the entrance to the test hall, Er Ha saw the man suddenly pause.

Then, Er Ha could very clearly sense a formidable wave of spiritual awareness bear down on it.

Wanted to feel it out?

Er Ha narrowed its eyes and deliberately released its demon king soul in return.

As a result, the man in the black windbreaker at the doors was clearly stunned as he staggered and almost fell.

This scene made Er Ha sneer in its heart - a Golden Core cultivator wanted to act cocky with it?

After the man in the black windbreaker left with his bone dragon, Er Ha waited for over three minutes at the door before a very slick-looking middle-aged male instructor walked out of the test room. "Mr Er, sorry to have kept you waiting. We've just finished tidying up the room; you can come in for your test now."

When Er Ha heard this address, the corners of its mouth immediately couldn't help twitching.

Mr... Er? This address really sounded idiotic 1 !

1(The pinyin for Er Ha is 'Erha,' and 'er' is used in Chinese slang to mean idiotic or foolish.) The middle-aged instructor leafed through the information in his hands. "According to this information, this is Mr Er's first visit here?"

"Mm."

Er Ha nodded, and then looked at the middle-aged instructor a little strangely. "Don't you think it's strange that I can talk?"

The middle-aged instructor shook his head with the expression of one who was unmoved by the unusual. "I've been in this field for ten years... There's a good saying: you may not have eaten pork, but surely you've seen a pig run 2 ."

2(Someone may not have experienced something for themselves, but still has some knowledge of it.) Er Ha: "..."

The middle-aged instructor: "Generally speaking, spirit beasts only begin to grasp the ability to speak when they reach second class. But of the ten thousand or so spirit beasts that I've assessed, I've occasionally come across several who can talk despite not yet having reached second class. Based on the requirements of that Society of Saints that's become popular lately, these spirit beasts would also be considered unusually gifted."

Er Ha: "..."

The middle-aged instructor looked at Er Ha and couldn't help laughing. "But it seems that you can also write? Then you are a talent among talents. You should be careful on your way home, otherwise you might really be snatched up by this Society of Saints."

Er Ha: "The Society of Saints also takes in spirit beasts?"

The middle-aged instructor looked at Er Ha in extreme surprise. "You don't even know that? The Society of Saints has spirit beast classes. Do you still remember their TV ad? There were several dragonflies that flew past that youngster - those were high-ranked spirit beasts."

Er Ha was startled... There was actually this detail? It hadn't noticed at all!

It should be said that most people's attention would have been focused on that youngster, Chu Yuanhao, from Jiancai High School.

The middle-aged instructor looked at Er Ha as he walked along. "This might be an occupational disease I've developed after so many years: I am far more sensitive to spirit beasts than other people. When I saw those dragonflies, I wondered if the Society of Saints had any spirit beast classes. In the end, I looked it up online and found that they did have classes. Furthermore, it seems that recently, the society wants to collaborate with spirit beast assessment centers nationwide to find spirit beasts with unusual talent."

"..."

For some reason, Er Ha suddenly felt a creeping sense of danger.

While the person and the dog were chatting, they officially arrived at the test room.

Several machines had been set up inside the room.

The middle-aged instructor said, "Mr Er would probably have seen it on the screens outside; you'll undergo five basic ability tests. After you're done with them, I'll work out your grade and then arrange a test beast to fight you in actual combat."

Speaking up to this point, he suddenly looked proud. "To tell you the truth, I was the one who raised all the spirit emperor penguins used for testing in this assessment center!"

Er Ha: "You raised them?"

"That's right! Our Ma family has been raising all kinds of penguins for generations."

The middle-aged instructor held out his work permit in front of Er Ha very proudly. "I am the only son of the thirtieth generation of the Ma family, Ma Huateng 3 !"

3(Ma Huateng is the founder of Tencent Holdings, which developed the instant messenger Tencent QQ whose logo is a penguin wearing a red scarf ..) Er Ha: "..."





Chapter 379 Targeted?


The entire test went very smoothly, and Er Ha managed to walk out of the test room at around two in the afternoon. Images of its test hadn't been directly made public, because after the ruckus Wei Zhi had caused, there had been too many eyes on it. Thus, Er Ha had decided to keep a low profile, and it left right after the test; this grade assessment originally wasn't anything meaningful to both Er Ha and Wang Ling, and they were in fact just going through the motions.

Whatever its measure was, Er Ha was very clear about its own value; whatever figure it got would be enough.

Once the qualification assessment test was done, the qualification certificate would be mailed to the house within three working days, so all Er Ha could do now was wait.

Thinking about this, Er Ha walked out of the doors of the assessment center, and then was stunned when it realized that Wei Zhi was leaning against a stone pillar waiting for it.

It hadn't seen Wei Zhi when it had come out of the test hall earlier, so it thought he had already gone. It had never expected that Wei Zhi would be waiting for it here.

"Yo, Brother Dog! What a coincidence! I only just got out after the test, I never thought we would meet again!" Wei Zhi waved and flashed his white teeth at Er Ha.

Er Ha: "..." It had truly never met such a shameless person before.

Er Ha didn't actually dislike Wei Zhi, and in fact felt that this friendly boy was a little interesting.

And most importantly, it realized that Wei Zhi was very familiar with the entire spirit beast system of Huaxiu nation. It could be said that he was very knowledgeable, and this was something that Er Ha wanted to know.

Maybe they could be friends?

Er Ha pondered this in its heart.

"How was the test? What class?" As he spoke, Wei Zhi grabbed the rim of his red peaked cap and twisted it around on his head out of habit. This was probably his signature move; Er Ha had seen him do it quite a few times inside the assessment center.

"Fourth class."

Er Ha thought it had nothing to hide when it came to its test results.

Anyway, it had actually held back: its real grade should be peak third class.

To Er Ha's surprise, Wei Zhi seemed to have anticipated this result as he stared calculatingly at it and smiled slightly. "Brother Dog, you held back, didn't you?"

Er Ha wagged its tail. "You can tell?"

"Our family has raised and trained soul pets for generations. We have a secret art which allows us to determine the strength of a spirit beast based on its unique aura. I took a sniff of Brother Dog and felt that your unique aura was very dense... so your strength is at the very least third class." At this point, Wei Zhi suddenly stared at Er Ha and couldn't help wiping at his drool.

Er Ha was alarmed. "..." The hell?! What did this guy want?

Wei Zhi: "Brother Dog, would you mind... if I hugged you for a good whiff?"

Er Ha: "Get lost..."

Wei Zhi sighed with obvious disappointment. "Ai, how can you be like that, we were fated to meet! I haven't smelled such a rich unique aura in a long time!"

The corners of Er Ha's mouth twitched. "Are you a dog?"

Wei Zhi: "How did you know?" 1

1(To be more precise, Loopy Toad was asking if Wei Zhi had been born in the Chinese zodiac year of the dog ..) Er Ha: "..."

After a moment of silence, Er Ha looked into the distance. "I'm going home."

Saying this, it leapt down the steps, looking very cool.

The traffic in front of the center was very heavy as pedestrians flowed by in an endless stream.

The sun shone directly onto Er Ha's green dog fur, so even in the crowd, it still stood out.

Standing on the steps, Wei Zhi looked at Er Ha's back and shouted loudly, "Brother Dog! Will we meet again?"

Er Ha didn't speak, but just raised one of its front paws. Only then did Wei Zhi realize that his cap had actually been taken!

I'll find you...

Once it was a distance away from Wei Zhi, Er Ha tilted its head slightly, and then in a flash, it disappeared like a bolt of lightning in the crowd.

"As expected, Brother Dog isn't simple!"

On the steps to the entrance of the assessment center, Wei Zhi took out a new cap and put it on, his heart brimming with excitement.

...

On its way back, Er Ha crouched quietly under the bench at the bus stop as it prepared to take the next spirit bus back to the Wang family's small villa.

It was how it had gotten here earlier.

Considering how a dog paying for itself or using a public transport card to ride a vehicle would cause an uproar, Er Ha's usual tactic was to wait for the instant that the bus doors opened, and then slip in like lightning before hiding. Then, it would leave two coins under the seat before getting off.

This was a tried and tested method, and Er Ha was very confident in being fast enough to get on the bus. Even if they took surveillance videos, unless the images were slowed down fifty times, they still wouldn't even be able to see Er Ha's shadow.

While Er Ha yawned as it crouched under the bench, a familiar aura suddenly appeared, and Er Ha was instantly on alert.

It had smelled this aura before!

And it was very clear that this aura was hostile.

Under the bench, Er Ha narrowed its eyes and saw a guy in a black windbreaker appear in front of it!

Er Ha was sure that this was the man with the bone dragon at the test hall earlier!

Did he want revenge?

Er Ha couldn't help laughing inwardly. It didn't bother to avoid the man, and simply came out directly.

But just as it emerged, several dark shadows came out of nowhere in a flash to immediately surround it! These people were carrying rope and a cage; most terrible of all was that one of them was holding an electric prod. This bunch laughed vulgarly; it was obvious from their faces that they didn't have good intentions.

The fuck... what did they want?

Er Ha knew it had been targeted.

Staring at the men in black in front of it, Er Ha was very calm in its heart. There were five men that had surrounded it, and they were all Golden Core cultivators. If it had just been one or two of them, Er Ha thought it could have completely handled it, but in the current situation... After all, four paws were really no match for ten hands, and fighting back would really be too difficult.

But it would still have a chance if it ran.

Er Ha felt a little resentful at this thought; whatever had happened in the past, it had still been a demon king... If it wasn't because it had yet to recover its full strength, it could have swallowed these petty mongrel cultivators up in one bite!

"Hello, Mr Dog. Our organization is very interested in you and would like to invite you to have some tea and a snack." The man in black with the bone dragon was holding a rope and had a sinister smile on his face as he spoke.

Er Ha looked at these men in black in shock. They were actually kidnapping a dog of the people in broad daylight... It had just come out for a bit to take the test for the qualification certificate, but had been targeted. What kind of shitty situation was this?

"What if I say no?" Er Ha looked at the man and replied.

The man in black pulled out the electric prod he was carrying. "This electric prod is a specially remodeled electroshock magic treasure which can deliver a hundred thousand volts of electricity." Saying this, the man chuckled. "If you won't come with us, I'll even stun a ghost for you to see!"

Er Ha: "..."





Chapter 380 Look! A UFO!


Going to all this trouble to capture it... Er Ha really didn't know what to say. It felt that it had actually already been very low-key at the assessment center today. Was it because it could speak and write despite not yet having reached second class, so they felt that it was "unusually gifted," and thus wanted to catch it? Wasn't this Society of Saints a little too sloppy?

Furthermore, Er Ha had a feeling that while these people in front of it might be connected to the Society of Saints, they were definitely not from the society. Would a state-certified talent organization, which cooperated with major education institutions through standard channels, need to specially send people to abduct so-called talents in broad daylight through non-standard means?

If these people were really from the Society of Saints, Er Ha could only feel that this bunch had been kicked in the head by a donkey.

In order to confirm its guess, Er Ha asked, "Are you from the Society of Saints?"

"You can think that way." The bone dragon man smiled.

Hearing this, Er Ha nodded.

Hm... it was sure now that this bunch wasn't from the Society of Saints, and at the very least, they hadn't been sent under official orders. If they truly were from the Society of Saints, would it have been so hard to admit it? The country was now abuzz with news about the Society of Saints which had shaken up the academic world. Everyone in every city knew of them, and working for such an organization would be an honor for most people.

Er Ha sighed in its heart. It seldom came out, and it didn't want to cause trouble; if Little Master Ling found out, it was likely he wouldn't be happy.

Suddenly, Er Ha pointed one paw at the sky. "Look! A UFO!"

But these men in black weren't fooled at all.

The bone dragon man couldn't help laughing. "Do you think we're three-year-olds? How could we fall for that?"

Er Ha didn't give up, and pointed at the sky again. "Look! Yui Aragaki 1!"

1(Yui Aragaki is a Japanese celebrity popular with a lot of men.) The bone dragon man: "It's no use, just come with us quietly... Since we started doing this, we've long ceased to be moved by anything but our task objective."

Er Ha felt a sudden chill. These men weren't just perverts bent on dogs, they were also gay!

In that moment, Er Ha felt that it had to use its K.O. move.

Once again, and for the last time, Er Ha pointed at the sky. "Look! The Playful Blue Moon!"2

2(This is actually a Chinese RPG game..) In that instant, these men in black were actually distracted for some reason, and as if they had been hypnotized, they were compelled to look behind them in the direction that Er Ha's paw was pointing at!

Hm... The sun today was very big, and there was nothing else!

In a flash, they came back to their senses!

The bone dragon man and the others were flustered! Shit! They had actually been played!

When they turned back to look, the green-furred dog had already slipped away, and was visibly and swiftly turning into a small green dot on the distant horizon.

"Chase it!"

The bone dragon man gnashed his teeth in rage and yelled.

The five people didn't give up; one after another, they brought out their magic treasures and split up in three directions as they began their pursuit.

It was very clear that this wasn't the first time the five men had done this as they were all very familiar with the nearby streets.

...

Er Ha hadn't expected this bunch of people impersonating the Society of Saints to be so obsessed with it... Also, it could feel that the other party had planted a spirit marker on it.

Not only that, it wasn't very familiar with the environment around the spirit beast assessment center; the place Er Ha was the most familiar with in the city was around the market which Mother Wang and the old man frequented.

In short, it wasn't in Er Ha's favor to be chased down like this.

At that moment, its first thought was Guo Hao's family's Soul Servant Shop. It knew that the Soul Servant Shop was in the city center, and that it wasn't far from the spirit beast assessment center. As an established and reputable pet shop, it occupied a prime location.

As long as he could escape there, this bunch of people should give up on catching it, right?

This was Er Ha's thought.

The address had been written on the many bags of New Orleans fly-flavored dog food which Guo Hao had supplied them with previously, and Er Ha remembered it very clearly. However, the problem was that now that it was being chased, it had no time to settle down and study the route.

How embarrassing... it was still immature as a dog.

But just as Er Ha emerged from an alley onto a street, a small black car suddenly sped over to the side of the road — the driver was actually Wei Zhi!

Wei Zhi didn't stop the car, and only slowed down to beckon Er Ha over, the car's rear window already open. "No time to explain! Get in!"

"..."

At that moment, Er Ha didn't say a word more, and jumped directly from the mouth of the alley into the moving black car.

It was a well-coordinated performance between a person and a dog!

...

"Hi, Brother Dog! As expected, we're destined to meet!" Wei Zhi greeted Er Ha through the rearview mirror.

Er Ha had actually never believed in fate, but today it felt that it and Wei Zhi really did share a deeper connection...

"How did you know I was here?" In the car, Er Ha stared at Wei Zhi and felt that it was something of a miracle.

"Brother Dog, did you forget when I said that you have a distinctive aura? Every spirit beast has an aura that is unique to them, and only the people in our family are able to sniff out the minute differences in aura."

Wei Zhi couldn't help smiling. "Since there is a way to sniff out this unique aura, there is naturally a way to track it. Just as I left the assessment center, I suddenly smelled a familiar aura when I was passing by a street. I could also sense that it was unusually dense - that normally only happens when a spirit beast is in danger."

Er Ha: "..."

Wei Zhi: "Let me be clear, I wasn't deliberately following you; I only set out a minute after you left."

Er Ha: "..."

Wei Zhi: "I just happened to pass by that street; I didn't see the bus stand or that group of men in black chasing you."

Er Ha: "..."

Wei Zhi: "In short, Brother Dog, everything that happens between you and me is destiny!"

Er Ha: "..."

Wei Zhi steered the black car along the road, ignoring all obstacles. Er Ha was amazed to discover that Wei Zhi was very good at driving; given his skill level, it would be a real pity if he didn't take part in the The Fast and the Furious series.

But this still wasn't enough to completely shake off that bunch of men in black pursuing them from behind.

Wei Zhi was getting pissed off. "Who are they... five Golden Core cultivators for the sake of catching one dog. That's so weird!"

Er Ha sighed. "They planted a spirit marker on me; I need to think of a way to wash it off."

Wei Zhi: "How are you going to do that?"

Er Ha: "Take some twists and turns nearby first. I'll lick myself with my saliva, and it'll wash off."

Wei Zhi: "Including... your anus?"

Er Ha: "..."





Chapter 381 A Knockoff Organization


After about three or four minutes, Er Ha finally got rid of the spirit marker. A dog's body wasn't as soft as a cat; it had had to twist its body in some difficult positions in order to lick some parts. Fortunately, Er Ha's tongue was long enough; it hadn't completely abandoned the toad clan's tongue techniques.

Thus, when Wei Zhi saw that Er Ha could stretch its tongue out to more than a meter in length, his entire frame of mind collapsed.

As expected, Brother Dog wasn't just any ordinary dog! Wei Zhi sighed emotionally in his heart.

After driving around in circles for a while, the men in black who had been in hot pursuit finally lost them in the flow of traffic.

Er Ha's tactic had worked, though it wasn't sure if these men in black had other ways to find it.

Although it had indeed escaped, Er Ha somehow felt that things weren't over yet.

"Who the hell are these people? Why were they chasing you?" Now that they'd escaped pursuit, Wei Zhi stopped joyriding and smoothly drove along the road.

"It's a bunch of people that seem to be posing as the Society of Saints," said Er Ha.

"Society of Saints? They don't just take in people, but even spirit beasts too?" Wei Zhi laughed.

"When I was at the assessment center, a test instructor told me that the Society of Saints does have spirit beast classes." Er Ha sighed. "But the people chasing me clearly aren't from the society. How can a state-certified institution be so violent?"

"That's true."

Wei Zhi nodded. "These people are brave enough to pretend to be from the Society of Saints. Wouldn't it be awkward for them if they really met someone from the society?"

Speaking about this, Wei Zhi immediately couldn't help complaining about the level of some imitations in Huaxiu nation. Imitations were basically for drawing attention. If a milk tea shop hit it big, then thousands and thousands of milk tea shops with similar names would suddenly spring up. If a hot pot restaurant hit it big, thousands of hot pot restaurants with similar names would pop up all over the country.

Wei Zhi reckoned that this fake Society of Saints was also an imitation group like that...

"Brother Dog, where will you go now?"

Er Ha thought for a bit. Although it might be safe if it went home now, there was no guarantee that the group of men in black wouldn't cause further trouble. Judging from their obsession with him, Er Ha thought that it was very likely that they would cause trouble in the future.

And most importantly, Er Ha felt that it wasn't someone who could suffer and not do anything.

Even if it wasn't a demon king any longer, since that group of people had come looking for it, then they definitely had to pay the price.

"I want to destroy this group of people," said Er Ha.

So it wasn't the time for it to go home yet.

Wei Zhi: "Brother Dog has a way of tracking them?"

Er Ha: "I already remember the smell on them. As long as I can lock onto them with the Aura-Tracking Skill, we might be able to find their den."

However, just then, Wei Zhi saw two sports cars following them through the rearview mirror.

"Fuck, they caught up to us!" Wei Zhi slammed on the gas, straightaway choosing to speed up!

He should have realized earlier that this group had put a spirit marker on the car in the chase before.

...

After several minutes of dealing with these people, Wei Zhi finally stopped the car in the mouth of an alley and the two of them abandoned it.

Although Er Ha's saliva had the effect of removing the spirit marker, having it lick the car from front to back was clearly unrealistic.

"How did this group of people mark us so accurately? I recall that this skill doesn't always work."

After he got out of the car grumbling, Wei Zhi led Er Ha to a residential building. "See those apartments up ahead? That's where I live. Let's get inside first and then think about how to deal with this."

Er Ha followed behind Wei Zhi as one person and one dog moved quickly.

It was only in that moment that Er Ha realized that Wei Zhi's strength wasn't simple; when his feet touched the ground, they didn't make even the slightest sound. This proved that his body movements were very good, and was at a level that didn't match his aura.

Hence, Er Ha thought that Wei Zhi had also hidden some of his strength, but exactly how strong he was remained to be seen.

Generally speaking, in a family that raised spirit beasts mainly for combat, most of them weren't strong, and needed to rely on their spirit beasts to fill the gap between themselves and their opponents.

But Er Ha didn't think much about it; after all, it had also hidden a lot of secrets from Wei Zhi... Everyone had secrets, and no one could live without any.

Arriving at the ground floor of the apartment building, Wei Zhi took Er Ha upstairs to the twenty-third floor.

Er Ha was surprised to find that there was only one door on the whole of the twenty-third floor.

"Your place?" asked Er Ha.

Wei Zhi grinned. "To be exact, this whole floor is mine. There were initially four apartment units on this floor. I bought all of them, then knocked down the walls to create one unit."

Er Ha: "..." This was simply unimaginable wealth!

But as a side note, this also showed that the business of raising spirit beasts was indeed extremely profitable. In some sense, if this sunrise industry continued to expand in the future, it was very likely that it would be able to rival or even surpass established industries such as smithing or alchemy.

For those who were very vain, having a powerful combat pet would add the light of glory to their own faces.

Entering Wei Zhi's place, it was as if Er Ha had stepped into a garden. Wei Zhi's living room was very unique, and had been carefully decorated to imitate a natural green environment: there were a rock garden, a small brook, birdsong and fragrant flowers... this was just like a small forest!

"I spent a lot of money creating this environment." Wei Zhi rubbed his head and smiled. Then he snapped his fingers, and the Pushing Large Butterfly which had been sitting motionlessly on his shoulder seemed to wake up. It slowly flew off before coming to rest on a flower petal.

Er Ha finally realized that this green environment had been specially built for this Pushing Large Butterfly!

"It's very safe here; those people shouldn't be able to find us," Wei Zhi said as he smiled.

Er Ha: "How can you be so sure?"

Wei Zhi nodded. "This isn't an ordinary apartment. It used to be a family apartment, and everyone who stayed here were senior officers in the military."

Er Ha: "...Are you a military second generation kid?"

"My grandfather gave me this place. When it came to my father's generation, our family withdrew ties to the army because it was really too hard to balance raising spirit beasts and handling army matters at the same time." Wei Zhi shrugged. As he spoke, he tugged on a vine that was hanging down from the ceiling, and a side door immediately opened.

"Come in, this is my bedroom," Wei Zhi said.

Er Ha followed behind Wei Zhi and entered his bedroom, which seemed normal enough.

Then, it saw Wei Zhi start to rummage around in the bedroom.

"Are you hungry? I happen to have a bag of dog food here, which I got from my nephew," Wei Zhi said.

"You have a nephew?" Er Ha was surprised.

"We're actually not that far apart in age, but in terms of family hierarchy, I'm indeed his little uncle," Wei Zhi said.

Moments later, he took out a white bag of high quality dog food from a cupboard, with three large words on it —"Soul Servant Shop."

Hold on... Soul Servant Shop?

Wasn't that Guo Hao's family's pet shop?

Er Ha suddenly felt like it had learned some shocking secret.





Chapter 382 Pet Hunters


Even if Er Ha wasn't at school, it had also heard the rumors about Guo Hao's many uncles.

So the question now was: How many... uncles... did Guo Hao have?

It was a very mystical question.

But now that it had met Wei Zhi, Er Ha finally understood why Guo Hao had eyes and ears everywhere and knew so much gossip - forget the rest of his uncles, the gossip Guo Hao got from Wei Zhi alone was more than enough.

As a self-employed pet trainer who traveled all over and who used to have a military background, the information Wei Zhi could gather in this circle given his profession and unique background was naturally a lot more than ordinary people. Before a lot of major events were officially made public, these sort of people would probably have already heard about them in their WeChat Moments. Although Guo Hao wasn't in this circle, his uncle was!

"Not hungry?"

Wei Zhi was a bit embarrassed and scratched his head when he saw Er Ha stare blankly at the bag of dog food he had taken out. "Does Brother Dog not eat dog food usually?"

"..."

Er Ha didn't know how to reply.

Cultivating the "Demon King Heart Sutra" consumed a lot of physical strength, so the energy supply in dog food was in fact very important for Er Ha. It ate dog food... but the problem was that the dog food it ate wasn't any ordinary kind.

After it had started eating the fly-flavored dog food which Guo Hao had given it, Er Ha found it couldn't eat any other dog food.

"Mm... I'm not hungry right now."

Er Ha broke out in a sweat, but right after that its expression changed, indicating that something was wrong.

"What's the matter?" Wei Zhi looked at it.

"That bunch is here..." Er Ha narrowed its eyes and shook out its tail as it looked in one direction.

It could smell the aura of that bone dragon man, and was certain that the men in black who had been chasing it earlier had already found them and were downstairs.

Cultivators could disrupt their spiritual awareness and even create fake spiritual awareness as cover, but the one thing they couldn't conceal was their auras. Unless they sealed all the pores on their bodies, Er Ha would be able to sniff out even the slightest trace of an aura.

...

The bone dragon man and the group of men in black arrived downstairs at the family apartment building. They had stopped their cars in the mouth of the alley where Wei Zhi had abandoned his earlier.

"It's here, that dog's inside." The bone dragon man who was the leader sneered. He had had his bone dragon pick up the scent in the car, which had led them to this apartment building. Although the bone dragon's sense of smell wasn't as good as a dog's, a third-class bone dragon could still differentiate between auras.

"This place doesn't look simple. Is it really alright for us to chase them down here?"

"I'm the leader of this operation. If anything happens, I'll take responsibility." The bone dragon man looked at the building in front of him with his hands clasped behind his back. "This dog is definitely not simple! At the assessment center earlier, it deliberately released its aura to warn me off. My bone dragon also told me that there was an abnormal wave coming off it that doesn't belong to a spirit beast... If we can catch it and hand it over to the Society of Saints, we can definitely get a good price for it."

"....Will the Society of Saints really take it?"

"Of course we can't abduct people, but we can still abduct spirit beasts. There are still some vacant spots in the society's spirit beast classes, and they are in urgent need of special spirit beasts... When we have this guy, we'll feed it spirit water so that it'll lose its memories. Then we'll wash it clean and sell it." The bone dragon man laughed. "I believe the Society of Saints will reward us very handsomely."

Without waiting for his subordinates to respond, the bone dragon man had already stepped into the apartment building.

Roughly two minutes later, he arrived at the door.

"They're here..."

Behind the door, Wei Zhi and Er Ha held their breaths.

In the next moment, there was a deafening sound of pounding on the door. "Since you have the ability to hide, you should also have the ability to open the door!"

Er Ha: "..."

Wei Zhi: "..."

After a while, Wei Zhi still took the initiative to open the door. He had spent a lot of money on it back then in order to cater for the indoor green environment; air circulation technology had been incorporated into it, and it served partly as an air freshener. But despite how costly it had been, it had one weakness: it was fragile.

It was unable to withstand a Golden Core cultivator's repeated hammering.

Wei Zhi opened the door and saw the men in black, led by the bone dragon man, still carrying the cage, the rope, and the electric prod.

Wei Zhi was astonished. "How did you get in?" Logically speaking, this family apartment building had always been off-limits to outsiders!

Crossing his arms, the bone dragon man smiled and fished out a pack of cigarettes from his bosom. "I have this!"

Wei Zhi was utterly surprised - that heavy smoker at the doors had let these people in for a pack of cigarettes. He really had no moral integrity!

"Boy, I don't know what your relationship with this dog is, but I advise you to mind your own business." The bone dragon man's deep gaze was fixed on Wei Zhi.

Wei Zhi couldn't help laughing. "I'm sorry, but I really love Brother Dog!"

Er Ha: "..."

The men behind the bone dragon man couldn't help going "Ehh" at Wei Zhi's words.

Wei Zhi took a deep breath, his face very serene. He clasped his hands unhurriedly behind his back and stared at the bone dragon man in front of him. "Since you're already here and you insist on following this course, does that mean you're prepared to pay the price?"

The bone dragon man couldn't help laughing. "I won't be frightened! What is the worst that can happen in what we're doing? What's the crime in catching stray cats and dogs and selling them for money? But with the recent trend caused by the Society of Saints, we want to make easy money."

"I see! You're pet hunters!" Wei Zhi now finally understood. These people were the pet hunters whom the pet trainers circle strongly boycotted.

The kind of work pet hunters did wasn't fit for the light, and they usually chose to operate at night. Even for Wei Zhi, this was the first time that he had seen them act so arrogantly in broad daylight.

"Now that you know who we are, explanations are no longer necessary." The bone dragon man adjusted his stance; pet trainers and pet hunters had hostile relations to begin with.

Wei Zhi protected Er Ha behind him; since this matter involved pet hunters, Wei Zhi had to take action even if he didn't want to. "Brother Dog, stand there and don't move!"

Er Ha: "..."

Wei Zhi adjusted his stance. "Let me deal with this guy first!"

Just then, the bone dragon man actually attacked first with a preemptive strike. He was very fast, and with its line of sight blocked by Wei Zhi, Er Ha couldn't see the man's exact movements.

When it shifted its viewpoint, it saw that the bone dragon man had already directly hit Wei Zhi with the electric prod in his hand.

Pa ! There was an explosion of electric light!

There was the sound of an electric current...

Contrary to the bone dragon man's expectations, Wei Zhi was actually unharmed!

The bone dragon man: "That's impossible! My electroshock magic treasure has an electric current of one thousand volts!"

Wei Zhi grabbed the electric prod and smiled coldly. "I once raised a yellow mouse that also emitted one hundred thousand volts; I grew up being electroshocked!"





Chapter 383 Scary Landlord


There were all sorts of bizarre physiques in the cultivation world. Take the poisonous body for example: people with this kind of physique were highly toxic from head to toe - even one strand of hair was extremely poisonous. They could easily poison or even kill someone just through skin contact, and flowers and trees would wither wherever they went. Another example was the cold physique. People born with this physique would be exceptionally cold, and even if their bodies were on fire, they wouldn't feel it at all. However, it was the first time that Er Ha had seen a physique like Wei Zhi's that wasn't affected by electric shocks.

Looking at this scene, Er Ha pondered: based on this point alone, Wei Zhi met the Society of Saints'"unusually gifted" admission requirement.

This physique was simply a natural enemy for cultivators who used electricity-based techniques.

What it didn't know was how many volts Wei Zhi could take, but if he really was completely immune, and even the Lightning Tribulation didn't scare him, then he truly was freaking awesome!

Er Ha thought so in its heart.

At that very moment, the battle was still ongoing.

Wei Zhi grabbed the electric prod and squeezed; with a "bang," this electroshock magic treasure was directly turned to dust in his hand.

Wei Zhi certainly had power, and it wasn't weak.

While he only seemed to be at the Golden Core stage based on his aura, Er Ha was sure that Wei Zhi had definitely hidden his true strength; the body movements he had used on their way to the apartment wasn't something that a Golden Core cultivator could do.

But their opponents were five Golden Core cultivators, and trying to beat them in a scuffle actually wouldn't be so easy.

It now came down to personal ability.

Er Ha hid behind Wei Zhi, prepared to join the fight at any time, but it saw that Wei Zhi's expression was still pretty calm.

"Go, all of you!"

Furious, the bone dragon man who was the leader gave an explosive shout, and the five men took out their magic weapons one after another as they prepared to dash forward.

But just then, Wei Zhi actually looked at the time with an unperturbed expression. "It's almost time..."

Almost time? What did he mean?

Before Er Ha could figure it out, the fire exit door on the twenty-third floor buzzed opened at that moment, and an old man carrying a flashlight and wearing a white singlet and bell-bottomed pants walked out unhurriedly.

For a moment, all was still.

After a short silence, the old man looked at the men in black and frowned. "How did you get in?"

The bone dragon man stopped in his attack and cast a glance at the red armband around the old man's arm.

Neighborhood Committee?

He immediately couldn't help sneering. "Old man, mind your own business!"

The old man's expression was very calm. He looked very thin and weak, like a strong wind could blow him over, but when he raised his left arm, overbearing vigor suddenly poured forth from his body as it glowed like a dazzling blade!

At this moment, the complexions of all five men in black changed drastically, as if what they were seeing wasn't a human left arm, but a godly force that could wipe out worlds and split the heaven and the earth.

Er Ha's face also changed; the old man's identity wasn't simple... he was too strong, excessively so!

This intense pressure made everyone's skin tremble...

Under such strong vigor, Wei Zhi scratched his head and said weakly, "Uncle Jiang... please show some mercy, I still need to interrogate these five people."

The old man hummed softly, and almost instantly the light from his left arm vanished as he flipped his hand downward.

These five men in black were suddenly pinned to the floor by their heads like cockroaches, completely unable to move. The floor sank down slightly, creating five human-shaped indents.

The bone dragon man was utterly terrified. His eyes were bloodshot and his nose was dripping blood freely.

"You can't come and go as you please in this place," the old man said in a deep voice as he stared at the five men on the floor.

After that, he looked at Wei Zhi. "You calculated that I would be coming at this time, which is why you deliberately led them here, right?"

"Uncle Jiang... how could that be..." Wei Zhi smiled embarrassedly, his face giving nothing away.

"You really have the guts to treat me like your thug." The old man snorted. The ground beneath his feet then shook slightly, and a small wave of air rushed out to sweep the five men in black aside and open up a path.

Wei Zhi: "Uncle Jiang?"

The old man shot a look at Wei Zhi. "Why are you still spacing out? Stand aside, I'm going to go read the water meter!"

Wei Zhi trembled at the old man's expression. "Okay, Uncle Jiang..."

When he entered, Old Man Jiang saw Er Ha, and couldn't help raising an eyebrow. "Is this forgiveness 1 dog yours?"

1(A reminder that this is associated with the color green ..) Er Ha: "..."

Wei Zhi: "It belongs to a friend..."

Old Man Jiang stared at Er Ha for a while. Though Er Ha didn't feel any spiritual awareness or aura sweeping over its body, the old man's expression made his fur stand on end... Too scary, this single look was so intimidating!

"There's a saying..."

Grandpa Jiang said, "Ugly faces are everywhere, but beautiful souls are hard to find 2."

2(The original saying is "Beautiful faces are everywhere, but beautiful souls are hard to find") This was a very meaningful remark, and Er Ha was alarmed when he heard it — this old man was really frightening!

"What does it mean, Uncle Jiang?" Wei Zhi rubbed his head.

"Figure it out yourself. But your friend's dog... is certainly interesting." Old Man Jiang laughed, and with his hands behind his back, went inside to read the water meter. It was clear that this wasn't his first time here, and he was obviously very familiar with the layout of Wei Zhi's place.

Roughly five minutes later, the old man came out of the kitchen and returned to the entrance to find that Wei Zhi had tied up all the five men in black.

Hands behind his back, the expression on the old man's face was very relaxed. "I'll leave these five people to you to interrogate; I have to go to the next unit to read their water meter."

"Okay, Uncle Jiang! See you!"

Wei Zhi saluted and bowed at the door. It was only after the old man left through the fire exit, hands still clasped behind his back, that Wei Zhi heaved a sigh of relief.

"Ah... That was dangerous! Uncle Jiang truly isn't over the hill just yet! When he released his vigor just now, I almost fainted!" Wei Zhi couldn't help marveling.

"This senior is...?" Er Ha was very curious.

"Have you heard of Jiang Lei?" asked Wei Zhi.

Er Ha was shaken - this was one of the Ten Founding Generals, like General Yi, Secretary Dakang and Minister Shi!

That old man was actually Marshal Jiang?

Wei Zhi: "Back then when the Gate Between Worlds opened for the first time, Uncle Jiang was a mighty force. When the first demon king landed, he attacked it on his own, and then used his scissors legs to crush its head."

Er Ha: "..."

Wei Zhi: "Now Uncle Jiang is gloriously retired. Oh, and also, the land this family apartment is on is his, and he built this building himself back then. Nowadays, he would be what we call... the landlord?"

Er Ha: "..."





Chapter 384 Why Isn't Er Ha Back Yet?


Of course, in addition to the retired Marshal Jiang, there were many other experts hiding in the family apartment building.

This was also the reason why Wei Zhi had decided to take this twenty-third floor back then.

The thing that pet trainers were afraid of the most were these pet hunters; once they had their sights set on a spirit beast, these pet traffickers would do anything to obtain them. At the very least, setting up a base for breeding soul pets in this family apartment building gave Wei Zhi peace of mind.

After Marshal Jiang left, Wei Zhi looked at the five men tied up on the ground and sneered. Next would be the interrogation!

Pa !

He snapped his fingers.

In an instant, the vines hanging down from the ceiling in the living room unexpectedly seemed to wake up as if they had a consciousness of their own. They dragged this bunch inside and strung them up one by one from the ceiling.

They were actually plant-type spirit beasts?

Er Ha was startled at this scene; it had thought that these ceiling vines were just for show, and hadn't expected them to be alive.

The composition of plant-type spirit beasts in the spirit energy world was completely different from those in the Gate Between Worlds. In addition, the aura emitted by plant-type spirit beasts differed from regular spirit beasts, which was why Er Ha hadn't reacted to them at all. Although it was now at third class, in the end it still wasn't strong enough. It would be in a far better position once it reached second or even first class.

At the very least, Er Ha's ability to perceive things would be several levels higher than it was now.

It had to speed up its cultivation of the "Demon King Heart Sutra"!

This was Er Ha's thought.

Inside his place, Wei Zhi hung the men high up from the ceiling; among them, the bone dragon man who was the leader received the most bitter treatment as he was hung completely upside down.

Crossing his arms, Wei Zhi approached the bone dragon man. "Tell me, what organization do you belong to?"

Wei Zhi had previously already been able to tell that these five people's origins weren't simple. A "pet hunters organization" which even dared to charge into a family apartment building had to be a very big force. The people from this type of organization survived mostly by relying on the force backing them. The mightier the force was, the more arrogant the people were.

Unfortunately, these people had chosen the wrong place today.

The bone dragon man smiled miserably and gritted his teeth tightly, offering no reply. His face was already red as the blood rushed to his head, and he looked very uncomfortable.

Er Ha knew that in addition to absorbing spirit power from the air through photosynthesis, this plant-type spirit beast had an even more direct method, and that was to absorb energy from living creatures. So in addition to being hung upside down, the man's spirit power was being sucked out bit by bit, making him feel exceptionally unwell.

"I suggest that you tell us everything as soon as possible. For large-scale illegal organizations like yours, once all of you are caught, you'll be sentenced to hundreds of years in prison, easily," Wei Zhi said softly. "If you admit to your crimes now and help us find your hideout, I can arrange for you to be a witness in exchange for a shorter sentence. What do you think?"

When they heard this, the group of men in black broke out in a cold sweat; the very red face of the bone dragon man in particular was already dotted with beads of sweat.

He knew that Wei Zhi wasn't joking. Given the several state-protected spirit beasts that the organization had caught, a jail term of several hundred years wasn't much at all.

After all, picking up a bird's egg nowadays could mean nine years in jail...

But Wei Zhi also knew that his words were merely a reminder instead of a warning or threat.

Since they had chosen to engage in this illegal business, then whether it was the bone dragon man who was the leader or the group or the men in black behind him, they were well aware of the liabilities they faced.

They were like some celebrities who clearly knew that taking drugs was wrong, but still did so in search of so-called inspiration. Some live stream gamers were clearly already very popular, but still wanted to use cheats to flaunt their skills... Even though they knew they shouldn't, they still did it...

It wasn't easy for people like these to confess.

"I'll give you five minutes; this is your last chance." Wei Zhi stared at the bone dragon man with a solemn expression on his face

Five minutes later, the bone dragon man gritted his teeth and still refused to say anything.

"Time's up."

Wei Zhi had picked the right amount of time; he had already given the man a chance to reflect on and acknowledge his guilt, but most unfortunately, the latter had not cherished it.

"Loopy Butterfly!" At this time, Wei Zhi gave a light shout.

Er Ha: "???"

Wei Zhi grinned. "My Pushing Large Butterfly actually didn't have a nickname, so I gave it one just now. This name symbolizes my and Brother Dog's friendship."

Er Ha was stunned... You actually called it Loopy Butterfly - why not call it The Moon's Reflection on the Second Spring 1 ?

1(This is the translated title of the renowned song "Er Quan Ying Yue" by Chinese composer Abing, 'Er' meaning both 'two' and in Chinese slang 'foolish .. ') Hearing Wei Zhi's call, the Pushing Large Butterfly which had initially been resting on a flower petal slowly flew over and dusted the bone dragon man's head with sparkles of fine powder.

Er Ha: "What's that?"

Wei Zhi replied, "Hallucinogenic powder."

The bone dragon's face instantly turned unsightly. He hadn't expected Wei Zhi to have this trick.

"I initially didn't want to use this since the side effects of the hallucinogenic powder aren't minor. But I already gave him a chance." Wei Zhi sighed. As he said this, Er Ha saw the bone dragon man's pupils gradually begin to slacken as his eyes became faintly tinged with red.

These were signs that the powder was taking effect.

Wei Zhi stared at the man. "What organization are you from?"

The bone dragon man replied, "Demon... Demon Hunters Association..."

Wei Zhi: "How many core members are there?"

The bone dragon man: "Hundreds of core cadres..."

This answer stunned both Wei Zhi and Er Ha. There were actually hundreds of core cadres? Then there would be at least thousands of core members, maybe even ten thousand!

These last few years, pet trainers guilds across the country had joined forces with the police to clean up plenty of illegal organizations of pet hunters, but even at the most there hadn't been more than a hundred members. Compared with this organization that had hundreds of core cadres, they were completely small fry! — This time, they had really caught a whopper!

...

Elsewhere, Wang Ling looked at the time after coming back from school. It was already five o'clock in the evening, but Er Ha wasn't home yet.

Wang Ling felt empty somehow.

Logically speaking, no matter how late the process at the assessment center ran, the test should still be done in three or four hours. Wang Ling knew that Er Ha had gone in the morning, so it was actually a little unusual that it wasn't back yet at this time.

The old man looked at the time and was a little worried. "Ling Ling, did Er Ha get lost?"

The old man had learned a fair bit about pet traffickers from watching TV. In recent years especially, the country had cracked down even harder on this activity, leading to more and more coverage on this issue. Yet even then, there were still people willing to risk doing this thing.

The old man looked concerned. "These pet traffickers are even brazen enough to steal giant spirit beasts the size of a gorilla... Er Ha is so weak and small, what if it's in danger?"

His words made Wang Ling frown a little. Since he had formed a soul pet contract with Er Ha, he was well aware that right now, Er Ha was safe, and that it wasn't in any life-threatening danger at all.

As for the soul pet traffickers that Grandfather Wang had mentioned...

Wang Ling thought that if Er Ha had really run into them, then it really was the traffickers' bad luck.





Chapter 385 The Sky King Covers the Ground Tiger


On Wei Zhi's side, after the interrogation was over, he used the apartment phone to call one of his friends, who lived on the seventeenth floor. Every unit was equipped with cluster network functionality, so residents could contact each other easily; it could be said that there were no gaps in this neighborhood.

But to be able to directly find someone through this cluster network proved that Wei Zhi was extraordinarily close with this friend.

About three minutes after the call, a tall and sturdy man who was bundled up tightly and wearing sunglasses came upstairs. Although he was dressed a little strangely, his strength wasn't ordinary.

After the man stepped through the door, he swept his gaze over the trussed up men in black, and a rough voice came out of the face mask he was wearing. "Just these ones?"

"Yes, please." Wei Zhi smiled.

In tacit understanding, the burly man tied the five people together into one lump and directly dragged them away with a rope.

Er Ha: "Who's that?"

"Little Gang," said Wei Zhi.

Er Ha: "..."

Wei Zhi: "He's one of my bros; he's a retired captain of the criminal police force. He's still in contact with them, so leaving this group of men to him to handle won't be a problem at all."

Er Ha: "Do you also have a gal pal called Little Xia1?"

1(Little Zhi, Little Gang and Little Xia are the Chinese names of the main characters in the original 'Pokemon' series.) Wei Zhi was greatly surprised. "How did you know?"

Er Ha: "..."

...

It was a small town which had almost been forgotten on the fringes of Songhai city.

The Demon Hunters Association's base of operations had been set up here.

When Wei Zhi arrived with Er Ha, the faint scent of blood that permeated the air made them frown instinctively. In order not to expose Er Ha, Wei Zhi had gotten a large travel bag for Er Ha to hide in. Even hiding as it was amidst the smell of leather, Er Ha could still smell the blood in the air — there was no mistake: this was the blood of spirit beasts.

This was nothing more than a small town, but the Demon Hunters Association was clearly using it as an actual spirit beast slaughterhouse.

After discussing it, Wei Zhi and Er Ha's plan was to find a way to infiltrate the association to check out the actual situation and then look for a chance to end these guys in one go!

With a large bag on his back, Wei Zhi walked down the street. On the surface, the entire street looked very clean and didn't revealed anything blasphemous going on.

However, there was no concealing the smell in the air; perhaps an ordinary cultivator might not smell it, but for Wei Zhi who was a professional pet trainer with a particularly keen nose for smell, it was simply too pungent.

Wei Zhi casually walked into a shop. It sold steamed buns, but Wei Zhi could smell that something wasn't right about the meat in the buns.

The shopkeeper was a fat man of three hundred jin , and the ground seemed to tremble when he moved.

"This new brother, would you like a steamed bun?" The shopkeeper lifted the lid of the steamer basket and looked at Wei Zhi.

Feigning calm, Wei Zhi exhaled, and just said three words: "I have goods."

The shopkeeper gave him a look. "The sky king covers the ground tiger!"

"The pagoda subdues the river monster2!" Wei Zhi replied quickly.

2(This is the pass code used by bandits in the 1960 Chinese film "Track in the Snowy Forest.") The shopkeeper continued, "Crispy roast duck is good!"

Wei Zhi: "Sweet and sour pork is cooked!"

Er Ha: "..."

These were the secret passwords of the Demon Hunters Association which Wei Zhi had specifically asked for during the previous interrogation.

Since the passwords were right, the fat shopkeeper then turned off the fire under the steamer basket. He smiled as he looked at Wei Zhi, and then stood to one side and made a welcoming gesture. "This brother, please come in."

Following the shopkeeper as he led him inside, Wei Zhi could sense the smell of blood in the air getting stronger and stronger.

After walking through the secret passage in the steamed buns shop, Wei Zhi arrived at a hidden backstreet, and was met with a ghastly sight.

This was the true face of the town.

The backstreet was lined with high walls on both sides, under which several pet traffickers were peddling their wares. The whole street was filled with the smell of meat and blood. Wei Zhi could see many cages made out of black iron along the ground, with every type of spirit beast you could think of trapped inside: cats, dogs, foxes... Most of these animals had been caught by the Demon Hunters Association.

Some of them still had on collars with their owners' names engraved on them.

Some of the spirit beasts in the cages had been beaten black and blue and lay dying, gasping out their last breaths.

Seeing Wei Zhi's expression, the shopkeeper had the smile of one used to it. "From the looks of it, this little brother probably hasn't joined the association for very long. It's to be expected: for most newcomers, it would be a miracle if they didn't vomit each time they pass through this street."

"Do you see those little guys with the serious injuries?" The shopkeeper pointed at the wounded spirit beasts in the cages on the sides of the road. "These guys were hurt because they refused to break the contracts with their old owners."

Wei Zhi didn't speak, and just listened as the shopkeeper continued to talk.

"Although we have a barrier here, we're worried that the owners will find this place, so when the spirit beasts are sent here, we have them cancel the contracts with their owners." The shopkeeper chuckled. "But some spirit animals are so loyal that they don't want to cancel the contracts, so we have to force them."

"So... you beat them to this extent?" Wei Zhi struggled to keep the tremor out of his voice.

"Generally, a third party can only intervene in a contract when the spirit beasts are on the verge of death," the shopkeeper said lightly. "We'll pay to get those with pure blood treated. As for those of a low grade..."

Speaking up to this point, the shopkeeper pointed back to where the steamed buns shop was. "They'll all be delivered to my shop."

As he had been speaking, he had already led Wei Zhi deeper into the backstreet.

Wei Zhi realized that the captured spirit beasts here were organized according to their grades. Those at the top of the street didn't have high grades. As he passed deeper into the backstreet, Wei Zhi grimly discovered many state-protected spirit beasts.

These spirit beasts were enclosed in elaborate cages. They had blank eyes, as if they had been fed something similar to an "obedience potion" so that they would do whatever the sellers asked.

Finally, the shopkeeper stopped in front of a wooden house. "New brother, I'll leave you here. The person you are looking for is in this house."

Wei Zhi nodded and went in with the large bag on his back. There weren't many people in the wooden house, but they all had the signs of the Demon Hunters Association. Judging from their auras alone, these people were probably some of the Demon Hunters Association's core members.

This wooden house wasn't a regular trade venue, but a tearoom which was very likely used to discuss business.

After Wei Zhi sized up his surroundings for a bit, a man who looked to be fifty years old asked him, "Little brother, are you buying or selling?"

In his black apron and with cigarettes tucked behind both ears, the man looked like a butcher.

"I want to sell a spirit dog." Wei Zhi narrowed his eyes, found a place to sit down, then put the large travel bag he had been carrying on his lap.

This group of people had very sensitive sense of smell; from the moment Wei Zhi had entered the house, their eyes had been fixed unwaveringly on the large travel bag.

"Oh? What breed?"

"Akita."

Wei Zhi opened the travel bag and directly grabbed Er Ha's cheeks to lift its face — it felt so nice!

"Akita?"

This group of people was nonplussed when they heard this since akitas weren't part of the ranks of spirit dogs.

A moment later, the uncle who looked like a butcher spoke again, his eyes fixed on Er Ha. "Is this... a mongrel?"

Wei Zhi: "..."

Er Ha: "What! Are you! Looking at?!"

The uncle was greatly shocked. "From the northeast3?!"

3(Er Ha here is speaking in a northeastern dialect.) Er Ha: "..."





Chapter 386 Wei Zhi's Strength


"This dog can actually talk?"

Like everyone else who had heard Er Ha talk, the people in this house looked at it in amazement.

"Uncle Zuo? Is this a second-class dog?" A very thin-looking young man lit the butcher uncle's cigarette for him.

The uncle immediately shook his head. "This dog is definitely not a second-class beast."

Wei Zhi and Er Ha took a rough measure of the strength of everyone present. The butcher uncle was only at the Golden Core stage, but realm clearly wasn't everything in the Demon Hunters Association. This butcher uncle called Uncle Zuo was obviously a longtime member of the Demon Hunters Association, and was experienced in appraising spirit beasts.

Uncle Zuo stared at Er Ha and reached out to stroke its dog fur, which made it feel disgusted. "Normally, spirit beasts aren't capable of language until they've reach second class, but it's clear that this dog... is very special."

Uncle Zuo smiled as he exhaled a ring of smoke and stared at Wei Zhi. "So, little brother, where did you get this dog?"

Wei Zhi scratched his head. "I grabbed it from a friend... He's a good person, and his family runs an inn. They have a collection of exotic animals; when I first saw this dog, I felt that it wasn't an ordinary one, so I wanted to take it away."

Strong Zuo: "It didn't resist?"

Wei Zhi: "It's mentally retarded."

Er Ha took a deep breath. "..."

"So it's like that."

Uncle Zuo sneered. "You actually stole it from a close friend; it looks like this little brother has promise."

"I'm flattered." Wei Zhi gave a fake smile.

"I'm in charge of appraisal here; if this little brother is ready to sell, then give us your price." Strong Zuo had a cigarette in his mouth, his expression relaxed.

"I'll have you know that my dog is very special."

Wei Zhi laughed. "So I want to see the top management here before I make a decision."

The young men on the side were clearly dissatisfied with Wei Zhi's attitude, but Uncle Zuo stretched out one hand to stop them. "Hehe, of all the newcomers who have dealt with our Demon Hunters Association, there are very few people like you, little brother, who have directly said that they want to see the top management during the first transaction. A dog like yours which can talk despite not yet having reached second class is indeed rare, but its level is in fact not high. Even if our president takes a look at it, he won't give you an especially high price for it; furthermore, it's not so easy for newcomers to meet him so easily."

Speaking up to this point, Strong Zuo narrowed his eyes slightly. "But all of that doesn't matter now."

"What do you mean?"

Wei Zhi frowned as he suddenly felt a hint of killing intent.

Crossing his arms, Strong Zuo said with a smile, "In our Demon Hunters Association, even if we can't agree on a price, you don't have any room to bargain."

Wei Zhi's expression twitched. "You want to take it by force?"

"Young man, this is your first time doing business with our Demon Hunters Association; you don't know how dangerous society is. If you leave the dog here willingly, everyone will be happy. If you refuse, you'll suffer for it." After he finished speaking, Strong Zuo couldn't help adding, "This is the rule of society nowadays; it's also not good to kill people."

Er Ha: "???"

Wei Zhi: "???"

Wei Zhi and Er Ha were both stupefied when they heard this... A gang of lawbreaking pet traffickers were actually starting to talk about the law here?!

"Looks like the only thing we can do is fight."

Wei Zhi sighed in his heart; he hadn't expected things to ultimately come to this point.

He had initially intended to make his move after the highest level of management appeared, but he had overlooked one thing: from the beginning, there was no way that this gang of illegal pet traffickers was ever going to deal with him properly.

"Are our odds of winning good?" Er Ha asked telepathically; it had already jumped out of the travel bag, gaze fixed on the people surrounding them.

There were twelve people in total, and while the leader Strong Zuo didn't have a high realm, his subordinates were very troublesome, with four of them being at the peak late Golden Core stage.

"What, want to fight?"

Strong Zuo stared at Wei Zhi with a sneer. "The one thing our Demon Hunters Association doesn't lack is people; the twelve of us can be considered experts in the association. If you want to make a move here, it won't do you any good."

"Doesn't matter."

Wei Zhi waved his hand lightly. "I wanted to wait until your president came out at first, then take care of all of you in one go. It's just twelve Golden Core cultivators."

Seeing this, Er Ha was inwardly very reassured: as expected, this Wei Zhi was an expert! After all, he had used body movements back then which were completely beyond his realm, and it was hard to get a read on his aura; he had definitely concealed his level. Since he could be so calm in the face of twelve Golden Core cultivators, he was obviously very confident in his realm.

Hearing Wei Zhi's words, Strong Zuo began to sense that Wei Zhi's identity wasn't simple, and he glared at him. "Who the hell are you?"

Since things had come to this point, Wei Zhi had nothing to hide, and he simply took out his pet trainer medal.

"Pet trainer?"

Everyone in the room was alarmed.

Strong Zuo stared at Wei Zhi and clenched his teeth. "Are you undercover?"

Wei Zhi flicked his peaked cap back and forth and laughed. "When I entered the backstreet just now, I'd already sent out the coordinates of this place. I believe a whole lot of police are making their way here right now."

Hearing this, Strong Zuo and the others became deeply unhappy and couldn't take it anymore.

"Grab them!"

"Shitty brat, don't blame us since you want to court death!"

"Damn kid!"

Three Golden Core cultivators instantly stretched out their hands at the same time to subdue Wei Zhi.

This was the "Grab Hand," which wasn't a top-level technique of any kind, but when the three Golden Core cultivators moved at the same time, the pressure and might generated was extraordinary. The three men flanked Wei Zhi from different directions, and the Grab Hand seemed to form a strong triangular shackle in the air. Once a cultivator at the same realm level was suppressed by it, it was very hard to break free.

Er Ha knew that now was the time for Wei Zhi to show his true strength!

"A petty trick!"

Wei Zhi snorted, and that familiar body movement came out in front of Er Ha once again; in the split second that he was surrounded by the three people, he actually slipped passed them at a weird angle.

What great movement!

On the side, Er Ha couldn't help sighing at this scene.

But gradually, it started to realize something...

It noticed that Wei Zhi seemed to be dodging all this time, and didn't have any intention of making a move.

What was going on?

Why wasn't he taking action?

While his body movements were indeed remarkable, it was impossible to win with them alone.

Just as Er Ha was wondering what Wei Zhi would do next, a telepathic call for help came its way while Wei Zhi was dodging these people's attack. "Brother Dog! Why are you just looking? Help me out!"

Er Ha: "???"

Telepathically, Wei Zhi said anxiously, "Body movement is the only skill I have!"

Er Ha: "..."





Chapter 387 Wang Ling's Remote Assistance


It was thus at this point that Er Ha had to acknowledge a tragic fact — there really were some cultivators in this world that practiced body movement as their main method of cultivation, when for most of them, it was just a minor option.

"After all that, you only know how to dodge attacks!"

Wei Zhi explained, "Pet trainers rely on soul pets to fight; as an owner, the most important thing is to direct the fight and protect yourself at the same time, so since I was young, my family taught me to put my safety first above all else; as long as I can dodge well, there is no 'boss' that can hit me!"

Er Ha was stunned. "..." This sounded a bit like nonsense, but if you thought about it carefully, it actually made some sense!

Er Ha: "Then did you bring your soul pets?"

Wei Zhi: "No."

Er Ha: "..."

As he continued to using his dodging skills, Wei Zhi grinned with bold conviction. "Don't I have you?"

Er Ha: "..."

This fucking scammer!

In this way, Er Ha suddenly found that the burden of this fight had been thrust upon it.

Although the wooden house was large enough, Wei Zhi using body movements to continually avoid attacks wasn't a long-term solution; all his physical strength and spirit energy would ultimately be spent.

"Set up the array!"

Strong Zuo shouted lightly before he retreated behind the group of people. Runes blossomed in his hands, and he rolled together a large amount of spirit power which made the whole house shake, creating cracks in the wooden walls.

The suppression array set up by twelve Golden Core cultivators working together would naturally have an extraordinary effect. Spirit potential roared and the piercing sound waves produced by the intense vibrations in the air numbed the heart; it felt like a big cat dragging its nails down a blackboard, which tormented anyone who heard it.

"You can't escape the combined suppression of twelve Golden Core cultivators. Since our levels are the same, there is no way for you to escape!" Strong Zuo shouted sternly with his hands pressed together as the man and the dog in front of him were rendered completely immobile and trapped inside the magic array.

Wei Zhi had broken out in a cold sweat; his body movements were completely useless in the face of such a powerful suppression array.

Er Ha narrowed its eyes.

Looking at the current situation, they lacked a numbers advantage and they just didn't have the same level of battle strength - there was only one last option...

In the soul pet contract agreement, there was an extra option at the end to allow owners to cast assistance-type spells on combat pets through the power of the contract; as long as this power existed, distance wasn't an issue, and pets could get remote assistance!

Er Ha had thought of this trump card in the beginning, but it hadn't wanted to use it; it had its pride as a demon king.

It had initially thought that Wei Zhi would be strong enough, and by working in concert with this strength, they would be able to completely wipe out this gang of Golden Core cultivators... But reality had proven that it had been thinking too much!

At that very moment, everyone thought the outcome was a foregone conclusion.

Strong Zuo looked at Er Ha with a sneer. "Your fur is strange, but you're very meaty; when you're made into a steamed bun later, you might taste pretty good!"

Wei Zhi appeared to have been completely suppressed inside the array, but in fact he wasn't. The number one priority as a professional pet trainer was to protect yourself, so it wasn't like he didn't have a way to escape.

However, he was dying to know exactly how unusual Er Ha was.

Then, to everyone's surprise, Er Ha suddenly raised its dog head with a mocking expression on its face. "You really think I can't beat you?"

The twelve Golden Core cultivators exchanged blank looks.

It was just a mongrel spirit dog with green fur that was spouting human words and mouthing off at everyone - it was quite comical just thinking about this scene.

Standing at the back, Strong Zuo stared at Er Ha for a few seconds, and then couldn't help laughing. "You're nothing more than a spirit dog that hasn't reached second class. What makes you qualified to challenge us? A pet is meant to be enslaved."

Er Ha also laughed. "You want to enslave this king? I'm afraid you're not qualified. If you think you're capable, give me thirty seconds, and I'll beat the crap out of you!"

"What did you say?!"

Er Ha narrowed its eyes. "I said, give me thirty seconds! I this person... no, this dog! Will beat the crap out of you!"

Such a stunning statement made everyone in the wooden house suddenly go quiet for a long moment; even the air seemed to freeze.

Only Wei Zhi had a pleasantly surprised expression on his face... Thirty seconds? What on earth could Er Ha do?

Strong Zuo snorted coldly. "Fine! I'll give you thirty seconds; let's see what you can do!"

This reply pleased Er Ha, because it took time to communicate with Wang Ling through the contract. Furthermore, there absolutely couldn't be any external interference while it was happening... the most important thing was that thirty seconds was more than enough time!

Er Ha was very certain that the people of the Demon Hunters Association viewed spirit beasts as commodities and like dirt, so it had tried to buy time with an arrogant attitude - who would have thought that things had truly gone according to plan!

Thirty seconds!

Once thirty seconds had passed!

This bunch of people were dead!

At this point, the entire scene had fallen into silence.

Everyone was waiting to see what would happen after thirty seconds.

...

Just as the second hand passed the thirty-second mark...

The sky started to rumble.

As if the might of the heavens was pouring down, a godly beam of light suddenly penetrated the ceiling of the wooden house directly to fall on Er Ha.

What was that?

In the wooden house, the twelve Golden Core cultivators led by Strong Zuo were all greatly astonished, and doubts subconsciously started to surface in their minds.

At this time, boundless talisman light swirled around Er Ha; even its feet glowed with brilliant radiance - as this spirit light increased, the strength of Er Ha's aura rose sharply!

It didn't take a single step, merely wagged its tail, and invisible spirit power was released.

Then, everyone heard a crash.

Strong Zuo turned pale with fright; the sound wasn't coming from anywhere else but the array that the twelve Golden Core cultivators had joined hands to set up earlier... It had actually been shattered by an attack from this invisible spirit power!

"Uncle Zuo? What is this?"

"Auxiliary spells! This dog used the power of the contract to allow its owner to cast auxiliary spells on itself!"

"How many spells are there in total?"

Strong Zuo narrowed his eyes and stared cautiously at Er Ha. "Judging from this type of light, there are probably no less than forty spells..."

"No less than forty?" The other men turned pale.

"Don't panic, they're just augmentation spells, and can only last for a short time! We just need to get through this duration!" Strong Zuo said.

Get through this duration?

Er Ha couldn't help laughing when it heard this.

How long an augmentation spell lasted depended on the level of the spell. A low-grade augmentation spell would naturally last for a very short time... But the main point was that these spells had all been personally cast by Little Master Ling!

There were fully forty-nine augmentation spells in total!

And each one of them was a full-grade spell!

Er Ha hmphed in its heart.

Hmph!

You're done for!

The current me!

Is super terrifying!





Chapter 388 The Legendary Deer Demon...


Every dog had its day. The twelve Golden Core cultivators were dumbstruck at this change in events. With the support of fully forty-odd auxiliary spells, various kinds of light and sigils swirled around Er Ha to form an unbreakable circle that was three feet in diameter... Aura poured out in whirls like a vortex, with Er Ha at its center.

Bolstered by forty-nine augmentation spells in total, Er Ha's power couldn't be compared with what it had been like earlier.

For five minutes, Er Ha stood there, quietly regarding everyone.

"You..."

Finally, there was a hint of fear in Strong Zuo's eyes.

An auxiliary spell would weaken the longer it was in effect. Usually the most it could last for was just two minutes, but this was in the case of low-grade spells.

In Strong Zuo's experience, anything longer than five minutes was already very long.

However, the effects of the spells on Er Ha showed no signs of weakening at all after five minutes.

This proved that these auxiliary spells were of a very high level, and were very likely top-grade!

The most important thing was, given that each auxiliary spell was at its most refined, Strong Zuo was starting to realize that he might have provoked a great senior with an unfathomable realm.

"Who... who the hell is your owner?!" Strong Zuo had long lost his arrogant tone after his aura had been completely suppressed; under the absolute pressure of this aura, even breathing was very difficult!

Twelve Golden Core cultivators from the Demon Hunters Association had actually been suppressed by a dog that had yet to attain second class... If this incident got out, they would definitely become laughingstocks.

But Strong Zuo had no time to think about such things right now.

The only way they could win now was to think of how to drag out the duration of the auxiliary spells or avoid fighting as much as possible.

"Everyone, transfer all your spirit power into my Mystery Umbrella! Let's join together and fight!" Standing in the front, Strong Zuo raised his hand, and a huge umbrella actually appeared.

The twelve Golden Core cultivators acted together, and spirit light burst forth above the umbrella as the bright light that was released took the form of a halo.

But very quickly, this light actually disappeared straightaway!

"What's going on?"

Strong Zuo was aghast when he discovered his umbrella covered in a layer of ice.

This was... the Aura-Freezing Spell?

When he saw this scene, Wei Zhi couldn't help narrowing his eyes on the side - this was a very advanced demon race spell! When the Gate Between Worlds had descended the first two times, every major pet trainers guild had thoroughly analyzed the spells commonly used by the demon race, in response to the demon beasts that had poured out of the Gate.

The "Aura-Freezing Spell" was one of them. It released a special qi which could counteract a spirit wave or blade produced by a magic weapon, and could even make the weapon malfunction temporarily.

Back then, the demon god Li Xiaolu, a deer demon, had used a highly refined version of the Aura-Freezing Spell, and General Yi and the others had suffered bitterly for it in battle.

Wei Zhi wasn't clear on the exact details, and only knew the rough history.

At that time, Li Xiaolu had certainly shocked everyone with this demon race "Aura-Freezing Spell"! In the first confrontation with the enemy, which was the heavenly-level human race Hip-Hop Sect, it had directly and completely wiped out all the sect's top rhythm cultivators -

it was said that even the air had frozen then.

After that first battle, Li Xiaolu had been bestowed the grand title of King of Hip-Hop Destruction1!

1(Actress Li Xiaolu's extramarital affair with well-known hip-hop artiste PG One was said to have destroyed the hip-hop circle, hence the nickname ..) ...

Wei Zhi was now becoming more and more interested in Er Ha.

It was clearly just an akita, which was a breed that wasn't part of the ranks of spirit dogs, yet it was hiding a tremendous amount of spirit power.

Such a unique spirit dog was actually capable of using a spell of the demon race.

Wei Zhi thought he could already guess what Er Ha's specific situation was.

The Mystery Umbrella had barely made an appearance before it had instantly malfunctioned after just a few seconds!

Strong Zuo's face had changed dramatically, and he took several steps back in terror... He could see that not only was this dog's owner very powerful, even the dog's identity wasn't as simple as he had thought.

"You can't even get close to me with your current realm; you still want to combine forces to fight me?" Er Ha raised its dog head and smiled coldly.

In the next instant, Wei Zhi saw Er Ha's body emit a magnificent light which then enveloped Wei Zhi!

Was it afraid he would be affected? Was it going to release some great skill?

Wei Zhi watched the scene in front of him attentively.

"I can't move!"

Strong Zuo blurted loudly on the other side!

He was aghast when he realized that the unusual aura that had frozen the Mystery Umbrella had made its way up the magic weapon to seize their bodies and also freeze them!

This definitely wasn't what a normal third-class spirit dog could do... Even if it had been strengthened, the extent of this power was something that even second-class spirit beasts found difficult to achieve!

All kinds of thoughts spun around in Strong Zuo's mind.

"You shouldn't have provoked me." Er Ha swept a lazy gaze over these people.

The next moment, it released a green aura which looked like countless hands that lunged for the heads of these Golden Core cultivators!

The cultivators couldn't avoid them at all, much less resist!

The moment this aura penetrated his skull, Strong Zuo promptly felt like collapsing.

Did this spell have a weakening effect?

No, it didn't seem that simple...

Roughly ten seconds later, a dozen Golden Core experts fell to the ground simultaneously with a loud bang.

Strong Zuo, the butcher uncle who was the leader, stretched out one miserable hand. "Senior Dog... spare me! I was wrong!"

Er Ha was unperturbed as it completely paid no attention to all the screams. It was only after a full minute that the large incorporeal aura hands detached themselves from the heads of the twelve Golden Core cultivators.

These Golden Core cultivators hadn't been killed, but their auras were extremely faint; most of all, their faces looked very unsightly, as if they had been robbed of their essence.

Looking at this chaotic scene of tragedy in the wooden house, Wei Zhi's brain felt numb, and his mouth was dry as he asked, "...Brother Dog, would it be possible for you to please explain what on earth just happened?"

Although Wei Zhi could think of several spells that could cause these effects, he couldn't be entirely sure what had just happened.

In short, this definitely wasn't a spell with a weakening function... If it had just been such a spell, these twelve Golden Core certainly wouldn't look this depressed, as if they had been toyed with and thrown away.

Er Ha narrowed its eyes and smirked. "I took fifty years off each of them."

What the fuck?!

Extending its own life?!

Wei Zhi was shaken by this operation.

This was really too vicious!





Chapter 389 Your Good Friend Zhuo Yi Is Online!


The twelve Golden Core cultivators in the wooden house in this backstreet were some of the main core members of the Demon Hunters Association. At this stage, however, the root of this association had yet to be completely disposed of since its head hadn't been caught.

Wei Zhi and Er Ha's original plan had been to wipe out all the core members in one go, but they had underestimated how cunning this gang of pet traffickers was.

What was worse, the violent sounds of fighting in the wooden house and the wretched screams of these association core members as they had fallen to the floor had already attracted the attention of many people in the backstreet.

Some of the pet traffickers had sensed that something was wrong, and were already getting ready to pack up and run. Unfortunately for them, Wei Zhi had made ample preparations.

Er Ha looked out a broken window; even from the backstreet, it could already hear the loud sirens coming from outside.

Wei Zhi had called the police earlier, and this seemingly peaceful little town was now already heavily surrounded.

Even now, large numbers of SWAT officers holding anti-explosion magic shields were pushing deeper into the backstreet.

This was probably the biggest case of spirit beast trafficking this year. Although currently, the head of the organization had not yet been caught, and some of the core members had fled, Er Ha felt that they couldn't run for very long.

But now it was faced with a new problem, and that was how to get out of here...

In a situation with so people around, its fur was too eye-catching. If the SWAT teams pushing deeper into this backstreet searched this house and found these twelve Golden Core cultivators lying on the floor... Er Ha reckoned it would be in the headlines the next day.

It was wondering how it was going to leave when it suddenly smelled a familiar aura in the crowd.

Roughly two or three minutes later, Er Ha saw a familiar figure... Zhuo Yi had come!

As usual, Zhuo Yi was wearing a three-piece suit with his hair slicked back in the typical manner of an elite public figure of society.

"Is this your friend?"

When Wei Zhi saw Zhuo Yi, he was a little surprised as he felt that this man was familiar for some reason, but for one moment, he couldn't place his finger on it.

But when he saw the symbol of the General Administration of 100 Schools on Zhuo Yi's chest, Wei Zhi suddenly remembered... Wasn't this person the leader who was the talk of the town recently? He was the youngest director of the General Administration of 100 Schools in history! He was the man who had become famous after using an air attack to defeat a demon king back then.

Now that Wei Zhi thought about it, there was something a little odd about this man who had shown up at almost every major incident recently — too suspicious!

Zhuo Yi hurried over with a travel bag on his back which had obviously been prepared for Er Ha.

" Shifu asked me to pick you up."

As soon as he entered the wooden house, Zhuo Yi straightaway opened the travel bag. From this single simple sentence, Er Ha already knew why Zhuo Yi was here.

The man and the dog shared a tacit mutual understanding.

Er Ha didn't have to be polite with Zhuo Yi, and it dove directly into the travel bag; it could already sense the approach of other auras - if any outsiders saw this scene, it would be very troublesome.

Watching this from the side, Wei Zhi's expression indicated that he didn't quite understand what was going on, but it was awesome anyway.

This shifu ... had to be Brother Dog's owner, right?

Who on earth this shifu was, was something that Wei Zhi was really curious about.

To be the shifu of Zhuo Yi, the currently popular director of the General Administration of 100 Schools, and to have such a fantastic dog... all of this started to make Wei Zhi wonder about the power of the great senior behind the scenes.

After all, not just anyone could learn to cast forty-nine consecutive top-grade auxiliary spells.

After putting Er Ha into the travel bag, Zhuo Yi finally sighed in relief as he directly put it on his back. Then he straightaway stepped forward with a slight smile on his face to shake hands with Wei Zhi. "Are you comrade Wei Zhi, who reported this illegal trafficking of spirit beasts?"

They had barely shaken hands when Wei Zhi saw a mob of reporters pour in from behind. As soon as they entered the house, the cameras went off in flashes of light.

Even Er Ha in the travel bag was alarmed by the situation, let alone Wei Zhi... it was a good thing that Zhuo Yi had shown up earlier on!

"Mm, that's right... I was the one who called it in." Since Wei Zhi couldn't hide inside the bag like Er Ha, he could only reply as thus.

The group of reporters then filmed Zhuo Yi and Wei Zhi shaking hands for several seconds.

After that, a female reporter from Cultivation Daily asked, "Director Zhuo Yi, how is it that the moment something major occurs, you are able to rush to the scene to direct operations? This spirit beast trafficking incident this time doesn't seem to be under the jurisdiction of the General Administration of 100 Schools. Director Zhuo, don't you think that you've overstepped your boundaries?"

Zhuo Yi frowned and stared at the female reporter with a solemn face. "What this female comrade has said is incorrect... whatever the time or place, as long as the people need me, I should be there."

Listening to his words, the group of reporters behind them started to take notes.

The female reporter who had asked the question sighed secretly. This wasn't the first time she had come into contact with Zhuo Yi. She actually thought she had run fast enough in order to be the first to bring the latest news... But she had never expected Zhuo Yi to rob her of every major event headline this year.

This current leader of the General Administration of 100 Schools was too diligent!

"Then... is it possible for Director Zhuo to please give us the latest updates on this incident?" the female reporter asked.

Zhuo Yi cleared his throat and faced the video cameras and incessant flashes of light. "This is the biggest reported case of illegal spirit beast trafficking this year. Furthermore, based on our investigation, this organization is called the Demon Hunters Association. Some of the criminal suspects are on the run, and specific details will be released in the news to the public later. I believe that with great efforts made by the police, this case will be solved very quickly. You can't run from the long arm of the law."

"Director Zhuo, who was the one to defeat these criminal suspects lying on the floor?"

Zhuo Yi instantly perked up at this question, and he hurriedly stepped forward to grip Wei Zhi's hand again. "If you want to thank someone, thank this little brother who reported it! He was the one who defeated all these people! By the time I showed up, they were already down!"

"..."

Wei Zhi almost spat blood — this was telling blatant lies with your eyes wide open!

"What's more, looking at the conditions of these twelve criminal suspects after engaging in battle with this person who reported them, they look haggard and gloomy, as if they've been sapped of their strength. So I suspect..."

Speaking up to this point, Zhuo Yi looked at Wei Zhi. "This little brother used the legendary... Essence-Absorbing Skill 1 !

1(In Chinese, 吸精 can mean "to absorb essence" or "to suck in semen" (i.e. a blowjob) ..) Wei Zhi: "???"

Essence... Essence-Absorbing Skill?

The reporters behind them were all astounded.

The female reporter was very excited. "Lighting! Lighting! Make sure to take lots of photos! Sound, turn on the equipment! Stuff the microphone into this person's mouth!"





Chapter 390 Xiao Yin Wants to Rebel!


The night the Demon Hunters Association was exposed, the news had already spread like wildfire before the media could announce it publicly.

When Wang Ling opened the cultivation forum that night, he found that the number of new posts had already broken the ten thousand mark, and almost all of the discussion was centered around the Demon Hunters Association.

Some of the posts included images from the scene of pitiful spirit beasts that had been forced to cancel their contracts, lying motionless in their cages, gasping and bloody, and covered in multiple wounds, which was a horrifying sight.

Some low-grade spirit beasts had been stripped of their fur while still alive to make Taoist robes and boots... The most important point was that almost all of the spirit beasts traded in the Demon Hunters Association turned out to have had owners before.

No buying and selling of spirit beasts and no killing - who would have thought that the Demon Hunters Association would have the guts to dare continue commit these crimes at a time when the state had prohibited the capture and trafficking of spirit beasts.

For the cultivators following this incident and those calling for people to live in harmony with spirit beasts, this was a huge blow to them.

Furthermore, the pressure from public outcry ultimately still fell on the special task force responsible for investigating the Demon Hunters Association as well as its commander, Zhuo Yi.

It had to be pointed out that while the Demon Hunters Association had been exposed, those that had been captured were pet traffickers peddling spirit beasts and lesser members of the organization. Not all the core members had been captured, and currently no one even knew who the head of the organization was.

Of all the core members arrested, Strong Zuo ranked the highest, and according to his confession, he had never seen the face of the head, and only knew that his surname was Bai. Everyone in the organization addressed him as Chairman Bai.

Furthermore, each time Chairman Bai made an appearance, it was accompanied by rolling fog and steam - it wasn't just his face, but his entire figure also couldn't be seen.

At the prison, Warden Liang had a special magic treasure which could be used to detect lies. With this verification, it was indeed as Strong Zuo had said, and the identity of the head behind the Demon Hunters Association was a mystery.

After Er Ha got home that night, it read the various posts online together with Wang Ling, while Zhuo Yi texted Wang Ling some of the results from the interrogation as soon as he obtained them.

Wang Ling noticed that Er Ha had apparently taken this incident to heart.

Er Ha had once been a demon king, but after all, a demon king was also a demon beast. In essence, demon beasts and spirit beasts were branches from the same tree - the only difference was in the power medium that they used.

Hence, when Er Ha looked at these pictures in the forum, it felt extremely moved. It couldn't imagine at all what would happen if one day it was caught and treated like this.

Of course, with Wang Ling around, there was no way that would happen.

But Er Ha's attitude toward the Demon Hunters Association was already very clear — it would definitely ferret out the mastermind behind the scenes!

Wang Ling stroked Er Ha's head.

Then, he realized that while going through the posts with him, this guy had actually fallen asleep on the table, just like that!

Er Ha's narcolepsy had struck again!

It was a good thing it had happened at home - if it had happened in the fight just now, the consequences would have been simply unimaginable.

This matter needed to be resolved as soon as possible!

Wang Ling cupped his chin in his hand as he pondered this. Then he picked up this lump of dog stuck to the table and put it down at his feet.

After the last time he had called Lord Thunder to look for Xiao Yin to sell him some holy beast blood, Lord Thunder had bought Xiao Yin a cell phone and applied for a new number.

He had already sent Xiao Yin's cell phone number to Wang Ling previously.

Hence, Wang Ling directly contacted Xiao Yin this time.

"When will you send it over?"

The message was as short as always, with just six words.

Xiao Yin was sitting on the sofa in Lord Thunder's house, and when he saw this message, he was so scared he almost dropped the phone. To be honest, the last time he had unsuccessfully bled himself had been pretty painful.

It wasn't a big deal that he hadn't succeeded, but the point was that he had been treated as a depressed suicidal teenager, arrested by the police for ritualistic behavior, and then sent to the hospital as a mental patient.

Xiao Yin had initially wanted to relax for a few days before trying again... Holy beasts might have a strong ability to recover, but it wasn't meant to be used like this!

Xiao Yin stared at his cell phone screen, not knowing what to do. He didn't dare directly refuse Wang Ling.

"How about... I pretend I didn't seen it?" Xiao Yin's hands were shaking.

In a situation like this, ignoring it was usually the best way to avoid awkwardness! It was like your girlfriend looking for you when you were playing a game - there was no way you could tell her you were playing a game... so ignoring was the best option! It was better to wait for an appropriate time to reply later!

Thinking this, Xiao Yin suddenly raised his head... This was probably the legendary non-action1, right?

1(Based on the Taoist concept of 'Wu Wei' in the loose sense of not doing anything but letting things happen naturally.) Right! It had to be!

Xiao Yin nodded his head firmly, and then directly steeled his heart and turned off the phone.

He actually... ignored Master!

For some reason, Xiao Yin felt that he was especially cool at that moment!

Mm, there were times when you had to be aggressive! Learn to resist! Learn to say no! Even if the other party was a big boss, you couldn't bow to them!

This was the dignity that every holy beast had to have!

On the other side, Wang Ling had very clearly seen through the cell phone screen Xiao Yin's flustered image as he sat on the sofa, including how he had turned his phone off...

Wang Ling could activate his Heavenly Eye whenever he wanted and link his optic nerves to any type of screen. This was a new and modern spell which he had developed himself, like how he could control his nose hair to create a filter inside his nose against PM2.52.

2(This refers to the concentration of fine particulate matter, and is a way to measure air pollution) After connecting his Heavenly Eye to Xiao Yin's cell phone screen and witnessing Xiao Yin's action, Wang Ling took a deep breath. Hm... he had actually been ignored...

But Wang Ling wasn't angry at all. After all, the blood he wanted indeed was a bit too much... But this was an incomparable bargain for Xiao Yin.

The twenty packets of crispy noodle snacks Wang Ling was using to buy this blood were part of his collection! Eating them would produce unimaginable benefits!

"????"

Phone in hand, Wang Ling sent another text.

On the other side, Xiao Yin was stunned when his cell phone turned on by itself!

What was going on?

Could this phone start up on its own?

Xiao Yin then saw the four question marks which Wang Ling had sent.

Xiao Yin: "..."

Before he could turn the phone off again, Wang Ling's next text came through: "Give up, it's useless."

Xiao Yin: "..."

Wang Ling: "I can turn on your phone remotely for you."

Xiao Yin: "..."

Wang Ling: "I know you're reading this."

And then, after several seconds...

Wang Ling didn't send a word, but a "kitchen knife" emoji.

His meaning was very clear: If you don't come, I'll go get it myself...

Xiao Yin was so scared he broke out in a cold sweat. He replied to Wang Ling in a panic. "Tomorrow! Is tomorrow fine?!"

Wang Ling replied: "Fine."

Before Xiao Yin could calm down completely, Wang Ling's second reply came: "You won't get paid if you're late."

Xiao Yin: "..."





Chapter 391 The White-Faced Girl


Taming and training a holy beast was in fact a rather long process...

It was like a mini simulation game, the first part of which was similar to a romance game Wang Ling had found to be popular among the girls in school. The girls jokingly called the game "Keeping Men"; one wrong move would lead to a tragic ending... For Wang Ling, it was far easier to raise a holy beast at the level of a loyal dog than for the girls in class to keep four men in their phones!

July 8th was the eleventh Saturday of the semester.

That morning, a silver-haired young man showed up in front of the Wang family's small villa; he was in a white shirt and a matching pair of skintight jeans with holes in them. Because of the outfit Lord Thunder had given him the last time, Xiao Yin had gone to the mall himself to buy a similar set.

Lord Thunder had initially wanted to come with him, but after the Demon Hunters Association had been exposed, the dramatic increase in the number of new posts on the cultivation forum overnight had directly overloaded the system and in the end crashed the server. At the moment, he was sorting out the data and doing server maintenance.

Xiao Yin remembered that before he had left, Lord Thunder had released an official apology: We apologize; the server has crashed due to technical issues. Right now, our technicians are doing everything they can to resolve the problem. Once maintenance is complete, friends whose posts have disappeared will receive a head of broccoli as compensation. Thank you for your cooperation!

...

"This should be it, right?"

Xiao Yin glanced at the location Lord Thunder had sent him.

The Wang family's small villa was actually in quite a remote location and hard to find; Xiao Yin had had to take quite a winding route in particular to get here.

But once he reached the entrance, his expression became much more serious.

Lord Thunder had always treated this villa as a holy place. Based on what he had said, there were some seniors living in seclusion here who had strength even more terrifying than Ling Zhenren's!

At that moment, Xiao Yin stood nervously in front of the main door with his heart pounding.

His face was very white; on one hand, it was because of fright, and on the other, he had given up two thousand milliliters of blood last night, which left him feeling a little weak.

Seniors more terrifying than Master...

What on earth kind of existence was that?

It was completely unimaginable to him.

All of a sudden, a deep sense of powerlessness overwhelmed Xiao Yin. He recalled how in his youth he had directly charged into sects with ten thousand members seven times over... But now, he had to summon up all of his courage just to even ring the bell...

The world really had changed!

Why were there so many monsters among the race of human cultivators?!

While he was hesitating, the villa door suddenly opened, and a woman bent down to place a plate of leftovers next to the door.

Although the villa's surroundings were a little remote and desolate, there were stray cats around, and Mother Wang would always feed them leftovers.

Just as she opened the door, Mother Wang saw a silver-haired youngster with a face as white as a foreigner's standing there.

She stared at Xiao Yin, startled. "This white-faced girl, who are you looking for?"

Xiao Yin: "..."

Then, she carefully looked Xiao Yin up and down before she smiled knowingly. "Are you looking for Ling Ling?"

Xiao Yin nodded. "Yes..."

To be honest, it wasn't like Xiao Yin didn't understand why Mother Wang had mistaken his gender. The human form he cultivated had always been more neutral-looking; along with his long silver hair, it was very easy for people to misunderstand.

While he was wondering whether to explain or not, Mother Wang suddenly stepped forward to pull on his hand. "Young lady, you don't have to say anything! Auntie understands!"

Xiao Yin: "..."

Then, she directly pulled him inside with a radiant smile on her face.

Just like this, he had actually entered what Lord Thunder viewed as a holy place?

When Mother Wang pulled him inside, Xiao Yin felt a little muddled, as he had completely never expected the seniors in this villa to be so easygoing.

But why was the fluctuation of spirit energy from this senior so weak?

Hm! She had to be hiding her spirit energy!

That had to be it!

Mother Wang led Xiao Yin to the sofa in the living room and then passed him a cup of tea, her face wreathed in smiles. "This young lady, what's your surname?"

Xiao Yin sighed in his heart and answered, "My name's Xiao Yin..."

He had already decided he wasn't going to explain it; doing so in this situation would be even more embarrassing. As long as senior was happy, it was fine!

Mother Wang glanced at Xiao Yin again.

Hm... this girl had quite a good figure, but some parts were indeed a little small.

But this didn't curb Mother Wang's enthusiasm. "Most of the people who've dropped by the villa were Ling Ling's boy friends."

Xiao Yin: "!!!"

Mother Wang: "Don't misunderstand, young lady. I mean male friends."

Xiao Yin: "..."

She clasped Xiao Yin's hands excitedly. "Today, a girl has finally come!"

Xiao Yin: "Senior, I..."

Mother Wang: "Don't call me senior. Call me auntie!"

Xiao Yin was taken aback. "Can... Can I?"

From his understanding, this was a very intimate address! This was the holy place where mysterious great seniors resided! Nowadays, where would you find such a powerful "auntie"?!

"Why not, it's just a title." Mother Wang couldn't help laughing. "By the way, Miss Xiao Yin, where do you live?"

"My clan is more used to living in caves... we usually sleep standing up."

"No wonder you're in such good shape, it's because you stand!" Mother Wang couldn't help exclaiming in surprise.

As for living in caves, Mother Wang didn't think this was strange. Nowadays, there were people interested in this; the richer a family was, the more interested they were in broadening their horizons. Moreover, there were a lot of stories on TV nowadays about the rich specially digging out caves deep in the forest and transforming them into luxury residences... This was proof on the side that this girl's family background was probably pretty good! It also explained why her skin was so fair!

Mother Wang thought that this white-faced girl had obviously benefited from a natural influence!

"If you don't mind, how about staying for a quick lunch?" Mother Wang smiled.

"Ah? Wouldn't... wouldn't that be troublesome for you?"

"It's fine, it's fine, just make yourself at home."

Mother Wang stoop up joyfully. "I'm going to go prepare the ingredients. If you want to look for Ling Ling, he's in the first room on the left on the second floor."

"Auntie, where are the other seniors..."

"They're out today, it's just the three of us this afternoon," Mother Wang said.

"Oh, okay, auntie... then I'm going upstairs first."

After saying that, Xiao Yin rushed upstairs; he had never expected that he would actually be asked to stay for lunch!

Mother Wang followed Xiao Yin's back with her eyes as he went upstairs, a good-natured expression on her face.

From their chat just now, she was pretty satisfied with this white-faced girl!

Although she was a little small in some parts...

When Xiao Yin had gone upstairs just now, Mother Wang had noticed that this white-faced girl had a pretty big butt! Big and perky!

How did the saying go?

- A big butt was good for bearing children!





Chapter 392 Moving the Orange Trees Daily is Very Tiring!


At the moment, Xiao Yin looked very nervous as he sat cross-legged on the floor of the room.

Wang Ling was still reviewing his lessons at this time, and no one could interrupt him. Although Xiao Yin had been invited in, he was being strictly monitored by Pen and Eraser these two brawny brothers.

Unlike humans and spirit beasts, transformed goblins were different in that they had unique energy fluctuations which were generally hard for cultivators to sense. But as a holy beast, Xiao Yin's sixth sense was very acute, and it didn't take long for him to realize that the two brothers sitting cross-legged behind him and gazing at him weren't ordinary people...

Apart from that, the rest of his attention was on Er Ha, who was sleeping at Wang Ling's feet. Xiao Yin could feel that the waves of spirit energy emanating from this green-furred akita were also unusual.

All in all, he noticed something observing his surroundings in Wang Ling's room.

He abruptly realized that there wasn't a single normal person in this entire room!

But saying this might seem a little ambiguous.

Did it mean that Ling Zhenren couldn't be considered human?

- Of course he couldn't!

He was so strong!

So cool!

He was clearly a god!

...

Xiao Yin looked at the time; roughly five minutes after he had entered the room, Wang Ling finished studying, and he closed his book.

Then he swiveled around in his chair in Xiao Yin's direction. "Did you bring it?"

Wang Ling spoke telepathically as always, but while the sound was clear and crisp as usual, Xiao Yin found it surprisingly pleasant to listen to!

Light flashed in Xiao Yin's hand, and a red crystal appeared in his palm. "...Four thousand milliliters of holy beast blood have been condensed into this blood crystal. When Senior Ling wants to use it, just drop it in an equal amount of water."

Picking up this blood crystal with two fingers, Wang Ling could already sense the vibrant power which emanated from it.

As Xiao Yin had said, the blood crystal contained four thousand milliliters of holy beast blood.

After examining it, Wang Ling went into the bathroom and filled a wooden bucket with four thousand milliliters of water, using his Heavenly Eye to measure it out.

Not a drop more and not a drop less.

Then, Xiao Yin watched Wang Ling throw the blood crystal into the bucket...

"What is Senior Ling doing?" Xiao Yin stared blankly.

"See that plump green-furred akita? That's our Lord's pet, Er Ha."

Pen said, "Now, we're going to give it a bath."

A bath?

Bathing in holy beast blood...

Xiao Yin couldn't help twitching his lips - this was too extravagant!

He had collected so much blood yesterday without stopping to rest, but had never expected that it would in the end be used for a bath!

For some reason, he suddenly felt his liver hurting!

Before he could figure out Wang Ling's exact intention, Xiao Yin saw Wang Ling cut his hand through the air, and the oblivious sleeping green-furred akita was suddenly floating.

After that, Wang Ling crooked one finger.

Xiao Yin heard a "putong" as the dog was directly dumped into the wooden bucket just like that...

On the side, Pen explained, "Our Lord's pet suffers from severe narcolepsy for some reason; once it falls asleep, it's as if it's lost consciousness. In order to thoroughly deal with this condition, our Lord is using an ancient art to treat it, and the most important component of this art is holy beast blood; ancient texts say that holy beast blood has magical effects in treating narcolepsy!"

"Ancient art?" Xiao Yin was a little surprised. As he pondered this, he gnawed his finger out of habit.

This was a bad habit he had acquired in his human form; he would gnaw his finger at every little thing.

He never did this at all in his beast form, since there was no way he could gnaw on his hooves!

"My impression is that there are very few detailed records on using holy beast blood in the healing arts!"

"Do you know Immortal Doctor Kang Nuo?" The Pen explained, "He left this art behind in an ancient medical text. In addition to the Immortal Doctor's book, our Lord also has texts by Holy Doctor, Demon Doctor, King Doctor, Emperor Doctor, Monarch Doctor and Bitch Doctor..."

"..."

When he heard this, Xiao Yin immediately had a curious look on his face. "But what on earth is Senior Ling doing?"

As a genuine holy beast, there was no one here who was more familiar with the properties of holy beast blood than Xiao Yin; he had no way of knowing if it could cure narcolepsy, but he knew that just soaking in holy beast blood wouldn't be any use at all.

While he was engaged in scientific discussion with Pen, Xiao Yin saw that Wang Ling was about to do something else.

After placing the dog into the wooden bucket full of holy beast blood, Wang Ling swiftly took out a spirit grass which looked a lot like a "Chinese green onion."

The moment Wang Ling took it out, Xiao Yin could immediately sense dense currents of overflowing spirit qi; this green onion contained a terrifying amount of spirit power!

Wang Ling broke this green onion up and scattered it like chopped onion pieces inside the wooden bucket.

Xiao Yin was dumbfounded; this was a spirit grass he had never seen before. "This spirit grass that looks like a green onion - what is it?"

Pen: "Allow me to clarify: this spirit grass that looks like a green onion, is actually a green onion."

Xiao Yin: "..."

Motherfucker! This green onion was overflowing with spirit power! It wasn't a proper green onion at all!

Pen: "The difference is that our Lord personally grew this onion, so it has extraordinary effects."

Xiao Yin: "..."

After putting the dog in the bucket and scattering the green onion pieces, Wang Ling actually found a lid and then covered the whole bucket.

Finished with that, Wang Ling crossed his arms on the side - the only thing he could do now was wait.

Xiao Yin was a little confused. "Excuse me... what is the point of this step?"

Pen answered pragmatically, "This wooden bucket looks very ordinary, but it's something which our Lord personally transformed, and it has the ability to heat up once the lid is put on. Now, we just need to wait for it to heat up."

Xiao Yin somehow felt that there was something wrong with this method. "..."

Hold on!

Put in holy beast blood, add dog, scatter green onion pieces, cover with a lid, heat it up...

These series of actions seemed a bit familiar!

Seeing the silver-haired young man's alarmed and pale expression, Pen explained earnestly, "What you are seeing is the 'Instant Noodles Treatment' recorded in Immortal Doctor Kang Nuo's ancient text, carried out perfectly!"

Xiao Yin: "..."

It was his first time hearing that holy beast blood could be used in this way!

- What damn "Instant Noodles Treatment"!

The Second Battalion Commander was already very tired from holding the noodle bowl!

Moving the orange trees around daily was very tiring!

Giving out awards everyday was very hard on Mr Chen Duxiu!

Swinging a forty-meter broadsword around was arm-breaking!

Dihuazixiu's liquid hand soap had increased in price!

The trophy had been rubbed so much the paint had come off!

So please, don't show off anymore 1 !

1(This bunch of random sentences generally have the sentiment 秀 or word 'xiu' in common, which can mean 'refined,' 'performance' or 'show,' and while they come from different Chinese media contexts, they can be used online to express disbelief or admiration in reaction to someone doing something outrageous or amazing ..)





Chapter 393 Trapped Senior Pang


"Is this really okay? It won't suffocate?" Xiao Yin looked suspiciously at the wooden bucket.

"It's fine." Pen shook his head and said, "Before my Lord dumped it into the bucket, he sealed all its acupuncture points and cleared its meridians so that spirit energy can circulate through its body smoothly."

Xiao Yin nodded his head. "I see."

He had only seen Wang Ling dump Er Ha into the wooden bucket, and didn't know what else he had done. Spirit energy itself carried oxygen, and this "spirit energy internal circulation" method was actually quite common for connecting meridians together; it was an advanced version of the turtle-breathing skill, but could last for longer.

When the "spirit energy internal circulation" technique was in effect, a cultivator could go without breathing for seven to ten days; the higher the cultivator's realm, the longer they could maintain this situation.

"Is this really useful..." Xiao Yin rubbed his head; he was really very curious about how effective it really was.

After all, nowadays there was an abundance of hereditary folk remedies for curing psoriasis... who knew what was real and what was fake.

Xiao Yin raised his eyebrows. "How long does it have to soak for?"

Pen: "Heat up and simmer for eight hours."

"..."

Xiao Yin still felt this wasn't right somehow!

...

When Wang Ling had dumped Er Ha into the wooden bucket, its acupuncture points had been sealed and the "spirit energy internal circulation" had been activated.

It was quite a strange feeling for Er Ha to be immersed in warm holy beast blood.

It felt a little like sleep paralysis, which was when you were asleep but your consciousness was clearly awake; your body was still in a state of deep sleep, so you couldn't even open your eyes.

This was a typical symptom of narcolepsy.

However, it didn't take long for Er Ha to notice that something was wrong; it abruptly realized that the scene in its mind had changed.

Then, it fell onto an island...

The cool sea breeze ruffled its green fur. Er Ha lifted one paw and touched the sand on the beach - it was real!

What was going on?

Wasn't it currently being treated?

Er Ha collected its thoughts and pondered for a bit.

It could only come up with one explanation for this situation: its soul had been brought to this space by some mysterious force!

But who on earth had done it?

While it was thinking about this, Er Ha saw an old man in white appear in the middle of a grove of coconut trees up ahead.

Er Ha was instantly on guard.

This wasn't any ordinary old man; his aura ran deep, and his clothes fluttered despite there being no wind. Spirit potential rolled and formed an incorporeal shield with a radius of five feet around him.

Looking at this imposing manner, this old man was at the very least a True Immortal.

Er Ha watched him approach slowly step by step. The old man was trying his best to suppress his aura, as if he was afraid of scaring Er Ha off.

"Brother Dog, don't be frightened... This old man won't hurt you..." the coconut old man said.

Er Ha fixed its eyes on the old man in front of it and made sure to maintain its distance. "Senior, who are you?"

"My surname is Pang and my given name is Guang. You can also call me by my Taoist name, Taoist Guang." This coconut old man placed his hand next to his mouth and answered so gently that his voice almost blended with the sea breeze.

Er Ha: "Senior, can you act a little more normally..."

In the end, this Senior Pang dropped to his knees on the ground and sighed deeply. "This is because your master is too powerful..."

"..." Realization suddenly dawned on Er Ha.

It turned out that this guy had been intimidated by Little Master Ling before!

It had left a shadow on his heart!

No wonder!

Er Ha: "You've seen my master before?"

"Yes... twice..."

Upon saying this, Taoist Guang, Pang Guang, already looked close to tears. "This is a space I personally set up - in the end, your master just came and went as he pleased like it was nothing... He really didn't give me any face!"

Lying down with his butt up in the air and beating the ground with his fists as he complained tearfully, he didn't have the manner of a True Immortal in the slightest...

Er Ha was silent at this scene.

It appeared that it had been quite a heavy blow to him... You have to calm down! Senior! Ants have been in a footrace for ten years 1 !

1(This is a homonym of the line "Mother has been gone for ten years," which actress Ouyang Nana said too quickly in a live skit ..) As Senior Pang sobbed, Er Ha more or less learned the whole story.

Previously, Little Master Ling had helped Grandfather Wang bring his kitchen knife to Luo Chuang's store for maintenance, and had happened to see that Luo Chuang had a heavenly fissure stone. Thus, Little Master Ling had helped Luo Chuang to appraise it with his Heavenly Eye. The result was that he had been unexpectedly sucked into this hidden space inside the heavenly fissure stone, and had met this Taoist Guang, Pang Guang, who was now standing in front of Er Ha.

Taoist Guang: "At the beginning, I wanted to take him in as my disciple and my believer so that he would help me set up nine thousand, nine hundred and eighty-one statues all over the world, as well as find ninety-nine thousand, nine hundred and eighty-one disciples... Only in this way can I successfully overcome the Samsara Spirit Tribulation and pass beyond True Immortal and advance to Venerated Immortal. But who would have thought that your master would turn me down!"

Er Ha: "..." It would have been absurd if he had agreed!

Taoist Guang heaved a sigh. "When I established this space, I set a rule that the first person to enter the space would automatically form a soul contract with me. After my first attempt ended in failure, I was going to draw on the power of the contract to invade your master's dreamscape to look for him..."

Er Ha: "And then?"

Taoist Guang: "Then... I was blocked..."

Er Ha: "..."

Er Ha wasn't sure how anyone else would have dealt with this situation, but listening to this Senior Guang say this, this indeed felt like something that Little Master Ling would do!

Blocking the contract to stop it from generating power might be very difficult for anyone else, but for Ling Zhenren, it was a piece of cake!

Taoist Guang felt like crying at this point. "If I hadn't formed a contract with your master back then, I'm afraid I'd be trapped in this space for the rest of this life."

Er Ha: "..."

Taoist Guang drew in a deep breath, then said, "This time, I came looking for Brother Dog to ask if you would be able to help me pass on a message to the senior outside..."

So he had been waiting for Er Ha here?

It couldn't help laughing inwardly when it heard this.

It smelled... a business opportunity...

"What's in it for me?" Er Ha stared at the old man.

"A blueprint of something that absolutely no one can resist... even I feel that trading this blueprint in exchange for the slightest chance to win my freedom is a bit of a loss for me," said Taoist Guang.

"What's the blueprint of?" Er Ha's interest was aroused.

Taoist Guang couldn't help laughing. "Before that, I want to ask Brother Dog a simple question..."

Er Ha: "???"

Taoist Guang: "Do you know what your master's true strength is?"

"You want to scout out my master's realm?"

Er Ha looked up at him. "It's still better for Senior Pang to judge it for yourself, but I can tell you how my master cultivates."

Taoist Guang: "Oh? Tell me!"

"He keeps up with radio gymnastics and eye exercises everyday, in addition to doing exercises in On Talismans and Five Three. "

"..."

"What is FIve Three ?"

" Five Years of College Exams and Three Years of Simulations ."

"..."





Chapter 394 The Truth About the Gate Between Worlds


This Taoist Guang couldn't help sighing when he heard this.

It wasn't like he couldn't understand - after all, that senior outside was at a level where he could even come and go as he pleased in a True Immortal's soul space; he could even actively block the space contract that Taoist Guang had set up...

And so, he had in fact already come up with his own theory earlier on: the senior outside was at the very least a Venerated Immortal...

In the entire history of cultivation and since the beginning of the Spirit Energy Information era, the number of Venerated Immortal Almightys recorded in historical texts could be counted on fingers. This was the upper realm which every True Immortal dreamed of.

For many cultivators at the Foundation Establishment and Golden Core stages, true cultivation only started at the Soul Formation stage.

Likewise, Soul Formation cultivators felt that true cultivation only started once they entered the True Immortal realm.

But the thing about realms was that they were forever without limits. It was only after you stepped up to a higher level that you became aware of the vastness of the world and the mysteries of the universe - in the minds of most True Immortals, the Venerated Immortal realm was the beginning of the path of Dao.

All realms under Venerated Immortal were nothing!

Inside the soul space, Taoist Guang stood on the island he had created as he welcomed the sea breeze, his gaze on the boundless horizon as he pondered endlessly.

Every cultivator in pursuit of the Venerated Immortal realm had something called "vision" inside them.

"The senior outside must have a very large world in his heart; he likely has a vision that ordinary people can't begin to imagine..." Taoist Guang was suddenly deeply moved, and he looked at Er Ha and said, "I guess this senior must be making preparations to break through to the next realm."

Er Ha stayed silent. "..."

It didn't know whether Little Master Ling had this vision Taoist Guang was talking about.

The only thing it was sure of was that the thing Little Master Ling was chasing definitely wasn't as exaggerated as Taoist Guang was imagining.

Ling Zhenren was indeed making preparations...

He was preparing for the upcoming midterm exams...

"I know senior's identity isn't simple. Every senior has their own unique cultivation method, and would never let other people know about it so easily. It's fine if you don't want to tell me. As long as you agree to help me pass on my message, I'll still give you the blueprint." Taoist Guang sat down cross-legged on the ground. When he spoke to Er Ha, it was with a gentle tone, and didn't sound like the voice of an old senior at all.

"You haven't told me what the blueprint is of." Er Ha wagged its tail.

"You won't turn it down." Taoist Guang was very confident on this point.

"Don't tell me it's a blueprint of a divine weapon?"

Er Ha looked at him with contempt. "As far as I know, divine weapons are created naturally and cannot be manufactured. If this really is a blueprint of a divine weapon... senior, you can save your breath. You can fool other people, but I'm not stupid."

Taoist Guang burst into laughter. Wasn't this that senior's dog after all? It understood so much.

"Don't worry, I'm not giving you a blueprint of a divine weapon; however, nowadays, this thing is worth just as much."

He waved his hand, and when he raised it, a jade scroll suddenly appeared in his palm.

At its appearance, Er Ha instantly sensed that this wasn't a simple thing.

There was a very familiar smell to it. What was more, leaving the blueprint aside, the jade scroll itself was an invaluable treasure! It contained spirit power so dense it was extraordinarily terrifying!

"Actually I have quite a few priceless things on me. Back then, I sealed them all in this soul space. This was an invaluable item I collected back when I was all-powerful." Taoist Guang gripped the scroll tightly as he introduced it. His words were proud but also begrudging.

But in exchange for freedom and Ling Zhenren's help, he had no other choice.

"What on earth is it?" Er Ha stared at the jade scroll, slightly lost in thought.

"You've probably heard of the Gates Between Worlds?" All of a sudden, Taoist Guang changed the topic to the one thing that Er Ha was most familiar with.

Er Ha nodded its head; of course it was familiar with the Gate... Back then, it had been pushed out of the Gate as a vanguard by the other demon kings!

And then, it had kicked the bucket!

Taoist Guang started to talk about the Gate Between Worlds.

"As everyone knows, the Gate Between Worlds is a door between the demon world and the human cultivator world. Most people think that it was specially built by the demon race in an attempt to invade the human cultivator world, but this isn't the case.

"There are a lot of vital raw materials in the demon world which cannot be found in the cultivation world nowadays, and the demon world has an abundance of rare minerals. In order to create stronger magic treasures, a lot of weaponsmiths back then had looked for ways to enter the demon world. It was after that when the first version of the Gate Between Worlds was created... Thus, the Gate you see now was in fact built by a cultivator."

Taoist Guang continued, "You may have heard this creator's Taoist name. It is precisely that legendary Immortal Zhenyuan, who already stepped into the Venerated Immortal realm a long time ago."

Immortal Zhenyuan again?

Er Ha was amazed; it had never heard this story before.

Er Ha actually didn't know much about Immortal Zhenyuan's origins, but after listening to talk from all sides and reading the information available, it felt that this was an experienced and knowledgeable person skilled in refining both weapons and elixirs, and who could be said to be a master Almighty among cultivators.

Furthermore, the famous magic weapons treated as the "Three Auspicious Treasures" in the cultivation circle — the Seven Stars Sword, the Purple Gold Gourd and the Golden Canopy Rope — had all been created by Immortal Zhenyuan.

Er Ha had already been incredibly astonished when it had heard about this at the time, but now, it was even more so!

It had never expected the Gate Between Worlds, which it was pretty familiar with, to have actually been personally built by Immortal Zhenyuan! And the most crucial thing was that this Immortal Zhenyuan's whereabouts was a real mystery; all this time, he was spoken about in legend, and no one had ever seen his true appearance... he was as mysterious as Little Black and Guo Hao's uncles.

"Shocking, right?" Taoist Guang noticed Er Ha's stunned and pale expression, and couldn't help laughing. "When I found out the truth back then, it also took me a very long time to accept it."

At this moment, Er Ha latched onto a key issue. "I seem to have heard senior say the first version of the Gate Between Worlds... what do you mean by the first version?"

"It's the literal meaning."

Taoist Guang replied honestly, "The first version of the Gate Between Worlds was made out of crude materials. After its first appearance, and each time it appeared after that, it would be reinforced and upgraded. Because it was already connected to the demon world, Immortal Zhenyuan started using raw materials from the demon world to refurbish and repair the Gate."

Er Ha: "..."

Taoist Guang: "Hence, the latest Gate Between Worlds is probably the twentieth version as reinforced by Immortal Zhenyuan."

Er Ha: "..."

"By the twentieth version, the Gate Between Worlds was completely made out of materials from the demon world, which is why later generations of cultivators mistakenly thought it was created by the demon race. And in fact, until the appearance of the twentieth Gate Between Worlds, diagrams of the array for summoning the Gate were dispersed in the cultivation circle."

Taoist Guang said, "If my calculations are correct, it was Immortal Zhenyuan who released this array-summoning diagram... and before the twentieth version appeared, the twenty times before that when it descended were probably Immortal Zhenyuan carrying out performance tests."

"..."

Er Ha suddenly felt a twinge of fear.

Speaking up to this point, Taoist Guang gazed at Er Ha with the jade scroll in his hand. "The jade scroll in my hand is the blueprint of the first Gate Between Worlds designed by Immortal Zhenyuan!"





Chapter 395 Immortal's Treasure House


Eyes fixed on the jade scroll, Er Ha felt extremely shaken.

It had actually made a lot of guesses about the blueprint, but had never expected it to be of the first Gate Between Worlds; even more unbelievable was that it had actually been personally built by a human Almighty.

This was a door which connected the two worlds together. Since it was something that had been created, it should probably be classified as a magic treasure. But it was very obvious that the Gate Between Worlds couldn't be considered just any ordinary magic treasure.

Strictly speaking, the Gate Between Worlds had already completely surpassed the level of a first-rate holy weapon and was a man-made, world-class magic weapon!

There were in fact written accounts of world-class magic weapons in the current known history of cultivation. These were the magic weapons that cultivators had been able to ultimately create solely through their own strength. They were also the only weapons created by cultivators that could contend against the "divine weapon magic treasures" created by nature, and were called "world-defying magic weapons" in short.

In the face of these world-defying magic weapons, first-rate holy weapons were nothing but scrap metal; they couldn't withstand continuous attacks from spirit power, and would just shatter like glass as soon as they were taken out.

Er Ha had thought that it was just a legend that human cultivators were able to create world-defying magic weapons... Because even the top demon gods had been unable to make them.

This was because creating a world-defying magic weapon required the power of a particular kind of world, and it was nothing like the small worlds in ordinary magic weapons. Take the Purple Gold Gourd for example; it could already be considered a first-rate holy weapon, but the small world inside it still couldn't compare with the world inside a world-defying magic weapon.

In Taoist Guang's words, the vision was too small.

According to historical texts, forging a world-defying magic weapon thus necessitated the creation of a great world as its foundation. One great world was equal to ninety-nine small worlds, but for a genuine world-defying magic weapon to be called as such, it required ninety-nine great worlds at least.

But Er Ha felt that the truly frightening part of all this was the person who had been able to create a world-defying magic weapon.

If Immortal Zhenyuan had really created the Gate Between Worlds, then he was simply a monster!

"Brother Dog, you should now know how much this scroll is worth," Taoist Guang said as he looked at Er Ha.

Er Ha naturally understood his meaning; this scroll was no longer simply a blueprint of the Gate Between Worlds, but of a world-defying magic weapon!

A blueprint was quite an important part in forging a magic weapon. Theoretically speaking, a magic weapon which was produced based on a blueprint couldn't be considered a fake.

Those imitation magic treasures on the market only resembled them in appearance; they didn't have cores at all.

This blueprint was of a magic weapon core.

The significance of the scroll in Taoist Guang's hand was too much!

If it was taken out and studied, it might overturn the world and stir up great waves, maybe even cause bloody wars...

At that moment, Er Ha's heart trembled as it instinctively felt fear. This was something even demon gods couldn't touch; even if Er Ha had been at its peak, it was still just a demon king, on par with a human Soul Formation cultivator.

Taoist Guang couldn't help breaking into laughter when he saw this green-furred dog's expression. "Brother Dog, you don't have to give me a reply right away; you can think about it. This isn't just a deal between you and me, but also with the senior outside."

Although he was smiling, the seriousness in his words was plain to see.

Er Ha suddenly understood a little now the reason why Taoist Guang had said earlier that he had wanted to keep this thing sealed forever with him; it was indeed too weighty.

If news of it got out, war between nations wasn't impossible.

But to Taoist Guang, none of this mattered at all

The most important thing to him was rebirth and freedom.

He sighed. "I've already waited so many years; a little more is nothing. To leave this space, I have to pass through the Samsara Spirit Tribulation. Unfortunately, when all is said and done, I tried to take a side route, and I'm missing one piece in my plan."

Er Ha: "So senior's meaning is...?"

Taoist Guang: "I have a feeling that the senior outside definitely has a way; no matter what method he uses, as long as he lends me a hand, I'm willing to tell him a great secret."

Er Ha was curious. "About what?"

Taoist Guang's expression lit up. "The Immortal's Treasure House! This is the great world which Immortal Zhenyuan established back then. It contains all of his riches, and I know where the entrance is."

Er Ha was gobsmacked once again. "By any chance, did senior find this blueprint at the Immortal Treasure House?"

"No..."

Taoist Guang shook his head. "I was lucky to have bumped into him before... although I didn't see his face, I can probably confirm it was him."

Er Ha: "Rumor is that Immortal Zhenyuan travels around the world and no one knows his whereabouts, so how can senior be sure?"

Taoist Guang spoke slowly, "About a thousand years ago, I was part of a special price tour for Foundation Establishment cultivators traveling to Snow Village. I wanted to go and appreciate the meaning of Dao in nature; I hadn't reached the True Immortal realm back then, and I was impatient to do so. Moreover, in order to join the tour party, I sealed my acupuncture points to fix my realm at the Foundation Establishment stage before I went out."

Er Ha: "Special price tour..."

Taoist Guang: "Mm, food, accommodation and a tour guide were all included, all for just one immortal gold bar."

Er Ha: "..."

"After we got on the tour bus, the guide gave each of us an immortal snow rice cake and said that it was a specialty of Snow Village."

Er Ha: "And then..."

"And then, there was nothing after that. The bus drove us to the Snow Village public toilets, because all of us had diarrhea."

Er Ha: "..."

"Do you know what was the most terrifying thing in all this?" Taoist Guang's expression revealed a trace of lingering fear when he said this.

"This old man... didn't bring any toilet paper!"

"..."

"A potent spirit grass laxative had been mixed into this immortal snow rice cake. Without an antidote, we would continue to have diarrhea, and without toilet paper to wipe ourselves clean, it was unbearably itchy.

"Then, the tour guide threatened us - if we wanted toilet paper and the antidote, each of us had to give him two thousand immortal gold bars, otherwise he would ditch us there. That was true suffering for this old man back then..."

Er Ha: "So, senior gave in?"

"No way!"

Taoist Guang hmphed. "If I hadn't sealed my realm so that I could only exert strength at the Foundation Establishment level, I could have killed that dishonest tour guide with one blow of air from my mouth!"

Er Ha: "In the end, what happened?"

Taoist Guang: "Back then, I'd rather die than give in, so the tour guide left me behind. Luckily, I had a detoxifying spirit drug on me. Even though it couldn't completely cure my condition, at the very least it staved off my persistent diarrhea. However, I was still badly in need of toilet paper..."

Er Ha: "..."

"It was at that point in time that my luck changed. An old brother in the next cubicle passed me a roll of toilet paper..."

Er Ha: "But what does this have to do with the blueprint of the Gate Between Worlds?"

Taoist Guang: "That toilet paper is this jade scroll that you're looking at now..."

Er Ha: "What the hell..."





Chapter 396 What Use Are Crispy Noodle Snacks


The story sounded a bit odd, but it was indeed true. When Taoist Guang related what had happened in Snow Village, crystal tears even trickled out of the corners of his eyes...

In life, nothing was more painful than a lack of WiFi when you wanted to surf the Internet, a lack of toilet paper while you were using the toilet, a lack of condiments when you were eating instant noodles, or being unable to finish spending your money before you died.

"Brother Dog, just take this thing. You only need to convey my request to the senior outside," Taoist Guang said to Er Ha.

He had already been mentally preparing himself; the Venerated Immortal realm was something that most people might aspire to but were unable to attain.

While Taoist Guang had already been looking for unconventional ways of passing through the Samsara Spirit Tribulation in earlier years, it had taken him five hundred years to figure out the least dangerous way of getting through the calamity. Furthermore, a very important point was that he needed to have a good person to help him.

Therefore, Taoist Guang had been thinking about this issue since meeting Wang Ling.

But was Wang Ling really the lucky star he was destined to meet?

Before leaving the soul space, Er Ha didn't stand on ceremony, and directly swallowed the blueprint using the "Space Swallowing Spell."

After leaving the space, Er Ha regained consciousness. As soon as it opened its eyes, it saw a silver-haired youngster taking its measure as he gazed at Er Ha curiously.

Xiao Yin stared at Er Ha and made a huge fuss. "Wow, you really woke up! Just now there was the smell of meat coming out of the bucket, and I thought you had already been cooked."

Er Ha: "..."

"How do you feel?" Wang Ling stared at Er Ha and asked telepathically.

Er Ha closed its eyes and cycled spirit energy through its body. It could clearly feel an unusual spiritual power working inside it, and it felt refreshed.

After having bathed in holy beast blood, it indeed felt like brand new. Spirit energy flowed through its meridians more smoothly than before, and could be said to be utterly unimpeded. Not only that, Er Ha could even sense something wonderful in the depths of its soul...

This was a manifestation of the increased rapport between the soul and body.

Er Ha nodded. "I do feel a lot better." The holy beast blood had definitely sped up the integration between its soul and body.

But Er Ha then realized a very serious problem!

Its dog fur had actually turned red!

"Why did my fur turn red?" Er Ha was already used to having green fur, and it was really very unaccustomed to this red fur which not only looked ugly, but would also easily cause misunderstandings since from afar, it would look like a leg of Jinhua ham!

Xiao Yin said with a smirk, "After soaking in holy beast blood, this color will only disappear in a month at the very least."

Pen: "It's not a problem, we have OMO in our house!"

Xiao Yin: "What's that..."

Pen: "It's a bag of laundry detergent personally enchanted by Little Master Ling. It can turn Africans into Europeans."

"..." Xiao Yin once again felt that his three views had been dealt a heavy blow.

Wang Ling was greatly relieved to confirm that holy beast blood was indeed effective. However, a single treatment wasn't enough to completely solve the problem of narcolepsy. He speculated that it would take at least three more immersions before Er Ha was completely healed.

And so, Wang Ling cupped his chin in his hands as he began to look Xiao Yin up and down.

The expression on his face made Xiao Yin quiver a little.

Judging from the eyes, there was some warmth mixed into this indifferent gaze, along with a bit of "kindness"... this was the kind of smile that hid malicious intent!

"..."

Xiao Yin already had a bad feeling.

He saw Wang Ling wave his hand, and a square box appeared out of thin air.

Then, holding the box carefully, Wang Ling took a deep breath... He seemed to be trying to control some sort of agitation as he did his best to remain calm before he handed the box over to Xiao Yin and said blandly, "Your reward."

Holding this box of crispy noodle snacks, Xiao Yin sunk into deep thought. "..." He had thought that the reward of twenty packets of crispy noodle snacks had been a joke; he had never expected that in the end, it really was crispy noodle snacks!

It was fully four thousand milliliters of holy beast blood!

Xiao Yin felt his liver ache, but very quickly he noticed that Wang Ling seemed to be in more pain than his liver... Who could tell him why Wang Ling's eyes were glued to the crispy noodle snacks, and what the hell was up with that brokenhearted expression?!

Pen: "This is the reward my Lord promised you, and he's paying in advance. Mr Yin has yet to provide a further six thousand milliliters of holy beast blood - when will it be convenient for Mr Yin to bring it over?"

Xiao Yin: "..."

This was really the first time that Xiao Yin felt so wretched since he was born!

He cradled the box of crispy noodle snacks, his face full of grievances.

Crispy noodle snacks...

What the hell could crispy noodle snacks do?

Could they improve blood circulation and nourish one's appearance like the youth-retaining elixir?

Could they clear the meridians like the essence-clearing pill?

Could they replenish vitality and invigorate qi like the Da Huan elixir?

Could it help someone who was dying recover like the soul-returning pill?

Could it promote a breakthrough in realms like the advancement elixir?

It was very obvious... no!

What was more, the advancement elixir was just a legend; there was no way it existed. Although there indeed were related written accounts in historical records, no one had been able to produce it up to now. Xiao Yin had long heard that the Xiao clan had spent a lot of money to gather over a thousand of the top alchemists in Huaxiu nation and establish a research lab with the elite alchemists of the Xiao clan as its core.

But after several decades, they had yet to even figure out the basic formula for the advancement elixir.

Holding the box with a whole twenty packets of crispy noodle snacks inside it, Xiao Yin pondered...

When it came to the matter of realms, the highest level among spirit beasts was first class; if first-class spirit beasts wanted to advance to the level of a holy beast, it would be like cultivators undergoing tribulation: it required a tremendous amount of time and a heavy price.

But there were only a few cases where spirit beasts had become holy beasts as a result of going through this late-stage cultivation - Xiao Yin's understanding was that there weren't more than two cases in history.

Apart from late-stage cultivation, another kind of holy beast relied solely on the bloodline inherited from a pure, native holy beast.

Xiao Yin belonged to the second kind.

However, pure, native holy beasts were also divided into various levels. Xiao Yin thought that in the ranks of holy beasts, he was probably in the top tier, and was a sixth-class holy beast. When he was born, he had just been at ninth class; cultivating to reach sixth class had taken him six thousand years.

That meant two thousand years per level.

He was now eight thousand years old, which was still a "baby" in the eyes of holy beasts. It was just that for holy beasts, improving their realms was really too difficult.

Furthermore, holy beasts were almost extinct in the world now. Perhaps there were still other holy beasts around, but they had probably all gone into hiding.

At least, in the last century, Xiao Yin hadn't sensed the aura of any other holy beast.

Therefore, Xiao Yin thought that it was likely that he was the only remaining holy beast in the world right now.

I'm so rare... why can't you cherish and love me a little?

When he thought this, Xiao Yin suddenly felt a little sad.

Seeing how the silver-haired youngster had a wronged expression on his face as he cradled the crispy noodle snacks, Pen couldn't help sighing in his heart: some people just didn't recognize their fortune when they saw it...

"Brother Xiao Yin, these crispy noodle snacks were all personally enchanted by our Lord; they are invaluable." Pen couldn't resist reaching out to pat Xiao Yin on the shoulder. "Many people want them but can't have them - you struck the jackpot!"

"Huh?"

Xiao Yin was stupefied at these words.





Chapter 397 Stiff Face, Kind Hear


Full of doubts, Xiao Yin left that night with the box of crispy noodle snacks.

In theory, he didn't think a mere few packets of crispy noodle snacks would be anything useful. But the monster pen's words to him before he left the villa clearly hinted that these crispy noodle snacks were indeed invaluable. Xiao Yin could only wait until he got home to slowly study their exact effects.

Although he was a holy beast, it wasn't like he had never heard of crispy noodle snacks.

For many people, it was a childhood snack that was hard to forget, but as they got older, many of them didn't go out of their way to especially buy crispy noodle snacks anymore. Many people ate them when they were kids in a bid to collect the Water Margin cards inside the packets; once they collected all the corresponding generals, they could claim a prize.

So why were card games so popular now? It was because the kids who had bought crispy noodle snacks to collect cards back then had grown up.

Although Xiao Yin was still only a "baby" in terms of the age of a holy beast, there was no way he would open a crispy noodle snack packet and eat it out in public on the streets. Based on age alone, Xiao Yin had actually lived for a very long time. The cultivation calendar started with the founding of Huaxiu nation, but Xiao Yin was born long before that.

Hence, he had witnessed a lot of history.

Nowadays, many holy beasts had vanished into hiding, and holy beast numbers had long suffered a devastating blow... it was just Xiao Yin who had survived strongly up to now.

Sometimes when he reflected on it, he felt that it really hadn't been easy for him.

When he thought about it carefully, this was probably the first time in his long life that he was in such close contact with human society. He was now living in Lord Thunder's house, which could be considered pretty safe. Furthermore, he had also accepted Wang Ling as his master... Although this master was a little stingy, his strength was absolutely beyond question and he could completely protect Xiao Yin.

Holy beasts lived very long lives - it was so long that even Xiao Yin didn't know how long he could live for.

He now had three wishes. One was to find other surviving holy beasts in his lifetime.

The second was to cultivate hard and break through to become a fifth-class holy beast.

The last wish was to take good care of Ya Xuan and help the girl figure out her origins. This girl wasn't just naturally muddle-brained, her memories were also scattered and she couldn't remember a lot of things.

Back when she had been severely poisoned, Xiao Yin had made the mistake of taking her to Immortal Mansion to look for a cure, but had wound up being controlled by the Master of Immortal Mansion. Fortunately, Wang Ling had appeared in time, otherwise Xiao Yin thought he might have died.

Ya Xuan had saved him before, so he had to repay the favor.

On the way home, Xiao Yin suddenly missed Ya Xuan a little. He didn't know how she was doing at Cailian Zhenren's place.

...

It was only after Xiao Yin left that Er Ha talked to Wang Ling about his dream of entering Taoist Guang's space while it had been soaking in the holy beast blood. This was the agreement it had made with Taoist Guang - without Taoist Guang's consent, it wouldn't be very good if other people knew about this matter, even if Er Ha didn't really see Xiao Yin as an outsider; after all, the other person had given so much blood to alleviate its narcolepsy.

But an agreement was an agreement, so before things were worked out, it would be better for it to talk personally with Little Master Ling first.

To be honest, Er Ha didn't know where to start.

After thinking about it carefully, it felt that this Taoist Guang was actually quite pitiful. For the sake of pursuing a realm, he had sealed his soul inside the space to look for the predestined person. Now, he was appealing to Little Master Ling to help him find a way to gain his freedom.

The world changed, and you couldn't get everything you wanted.

In this world, every time a person needed to make a choice, it would be difficult and they would be extremely hesitant, because most people suffered from acute indecision.

Er Ha felt that Taoist Guang wasn't a bad person.

A spirit beast's sixth sense was always very accurate. This kind of sixth sense wasn't limited to perceiving danger and detecting an enemy's aura and realm level, but could also judge a person's nature.

When it had been in the soul space, Er Ha had felt a sense of closeness with Taoist Guang. Therefore, though it felt that this senior was a little silly and didn't have much integrity, he wasn't a bad person fundamentally.

Considering how serious this matter was, Er Ha raised its head and wore a rare serious expression. "Wang Ling, I have something to say."

Wang Ling's mind was instantly awhirl at this look - this was the first time since he had brought Er Ha home that it had called him by name, and it had such a serious expression on its face as it wanted to discuss something.

Wang Ling's thoughts instantly started to run wild...

After all, he was only sixteen years old, and in a sense, he had inherited the gene for writing novels from both Mother Wang and Father Wang; thus, his imagination was even more colorful than that of his peers.

What on earth did Er Ha want to say with such a serious face on?

Moreover, there seemed to be a trace of nervousness mixed in with this seriousness, as if Er Ha didn't know how to open its mouth; it was just like a normally honest and well-behaved child suddenly returning home to say that he had a girlfriend, and that she was pregnant!

— Wait a minute!

Preg... nant?

Wang Ling couldn't help sucking in a sharp breath of air between this teeth before he asked in a low voice, "What did you do to some other house's female dog?"

" Pu !" Hearing this, Er Ha almost spat out a mouthful of blood... How could it simply go look for a female dog! Whatever happened, it was going to wait until it had cultivated a human form before going to look for a busty sister!

The most disturbing thing was that Little Master Ling had spoken telepathically... and not just telepathically, it had also been in a very low voice.

That was how afraid he was of someone else finding out...

Er Ha thought that this was the legendary "don't air your dirty linen in public."

But in a way, it was actually quite happy. At the very least, this proved that it had already integrated into this place and also into Little Master Ling's heart, and that it was truly regarded as a family member.

In fact, after being around Wang Ling for a long time, Er Ha had already discovered a lot about Ling Zhenren's temperament. He might look like he had facial paralysis, but he had the fiery passion of youth inside him. Er Ha called this: stiff face, kind heart.

Although Wang Ling usually didn't like to speak, Er Ha was certain that Little Master Ling's mind was undoubtedly very colorful. Unfortunately, it couldn't learn the "Mind-Reading Ability," otherwise it would be very interesting.

To put it bluntly, Little Master Ling usually kept people at a distance; he was wary of outsiders, and only associated with people he was familiar with.

Er Ha suddenly thought of the astrology successor Song Cai whom it had come across during the combined military training for six schools.

Song Cai was well-versed in astrology.

Er Ha didn't really believe in this thing at first...

But looking at this matter now from a different angle, Little Master Ling indeed seemed to have the facial paralysis syndrome that was characteristic of Capricorns!





Chapter 398 Big Shots Eat the Same Thing


Taoist Guang's story was actually a little complicated to explain. There were too many secrets involved, so there was no way to explain it in a few words. Moreover, if Er Ha repeated its dream of its soul entering Taoist Guang's space from beginning to end, there was the dubious possibility that it might add something unnecessary to it.

Hence, Er Ha simply jumped directly onto the table and placed Wang Ling's hands on its head with its paws as it remained relaxed. Er Ha knew that Wang Ling had the ability to retrieve memories, but there were limitations to it. For instance, the direct retelling of an incident by an involved party would definitely be clearer than whatever small news a person might have heard on the grapevine.

Therefore, Er Ha had chosen this crude but simple way of directly copying and pasting its memory to send to Wang Ling. Searching and retrieving a memory, and copying and pasting it were actually part of a particular technique that regular cultivators would find difficult to learn. However, this didn't mean that Er Ha also couldn't learn it - whatever the case, Er Ha used to be an awe-inspiring demon king.

Wang Ling watched Er Ha's series of actions on the side without a single expression on his face, and it was only after Er Ha's memory had been completely transmitted over that his expression changed slightly.

He had no idea that so many things had happened during the time Er Ha had been soaking in the bath.

Previously, Taoist Guang had been heavy-handed in forcing Wang Ling's soul to form a contract with his space without his permission. This had made Wang Ling unhappy, so he had blacklisted the old man.

Wang Ling hadn't expected that this Taoist Guang would seize any opportunity available to him, and had found Er Ha through Wang Ling's soul contract with it.

It could only be said that an old-timer was in the end an old-timer.

There was no doubt that Wang Ling was very strong, but in the end, he was only sixteen years old. He actually had a long way to go in his cultivation, and at the same time, he lacked a lot of experience.

Even Wang Ling himself couldn't solve the problem of his lack of experience; this was something that would only come with time. To be frank, his inability to contain his realm was also a problem of time... His realms grew too quickly. Normal cultivators all felt bitter at being unable to break through to the next realm; Wang Ling was the only one who was bitter that he didn't have enough time to adapt to each new realm.

But he never forgot how to contain his power.

Like his idiot big brother Wang Ming had said, his body was gradually becoming familiar with the special material inside the Dao talisman seal. When he had touched this substance at the very beginning, he had directly blacked out in the most serious instance. Even after regaining consciousness, he had remained weak for a very long time.

But now, it could be said that this material was become less and less lethal to him.

Wang Ling thought that this could probably be blamed on his immortal physique.

The "Immortal Mode" supreme spell which Fang Xing had used previously was a kind of technique that could gather the spirit energy of heaven and earth and transform an ordinary physique into an immortal one for a short period of time. However, this technique consumed a tremendous amount of energy and lasted for a very short time... but when used in a real fight, it was actually very phenomenal.

That was because a person with this physique would be able to freely adapt to their surroundings. Once this spell was cast, a person would be able to fight freely in any type of environment. And the best part was that this was an industry-certified orthodox spell without any side effects. As long as a person had sufficient spirit energy, they could continue to use it at any time; the only drawback was that it was difficult to learn.

Therefore, from a certain perspective, Wang Ling's situation was even more phenomenal... he had been born with an immortal physique.

As for the reason why he was starting to resist the "Anti-Wang Ling Matter" which Wang Ming had discovered, Wang Ling guessed that it was because an immortal physique probably went through a period of growth: the older he got, the stronger his body grew in its ability to adapt. And it was obvious that Wang Ling's current immortal physique had probably already succeeded in breaking through the kindergarten stage and was entering the primary school stage - this was also the reason why that substance's restraining effect on him was growing weaker and weaker.

Wang Ling knew that this wasn't a long-term solution.

He had to think of other means.

He didn't know how much longer the effect of the Dao talisman seal would last for... As it stood right now, he would be thankful if it could last until his high school graduation.

Therefore, when he learned what that Senior Pang, whose Taoist name was "Taoist Guang," had told Er Ha in the soul space, what Wang Ling was interested in wasn't the Gate Between Worlds itself, but rather the Immortal's Treasure House that Taoist Guang had mentioned.

Rumor was that this was where Immortal Zhenyuan had left all his riches; it was the "One Piece1" of the cultivation world!

1(A reminder that this is a reference to the pirate manga series of the same name..) Back then, Immortal Zhenyuan had made two bold statements which had spread all over the cultivation world.

First: he would personally appear to the person able to collect the genuine three items - the "Seven Stars Sword", the "Purple Golden Gourd" and the "Golden Canopy Rope"- and take them as his disciple as well as give out clues to the Immortal's Treasure House.

Second: In addition to the clues, if a fated person found the whereabouts of the Immortal's Treasure House, they could inherit all the riches it contained.

These two bold statements had in fact been around for a very long time and had already been circulated widely before Wang Ling was born... It was an ancient signpost, but until now, no one had found the place.

Wang Ling thought that there might be something inside this place that might be able to help him.

For the sake of the Immortal's Treasure House, Wang Ling thought he might as well have a good chat with Taoist Guang. But given this Taoist Guang's identity as a wily old bird, Wang Ling felt that it was better to be cautious when dealing with this kind of person.

Thus, Wang Ling immediately put together a text message and called out another wily old bird in the current cultivation circle, one that brimmed with justice...

He had barely sent this message when Lord Thunder replied almost in a second. "Brother Ling, you actually have clues to the Immortal's Treasure House?"

On the other end, Lord Thunder had been completely shaken after reading Wang Ling's message.

If this kind of news got out, the entire cultivation circle would tremble at its core.

There were times when Lord Thunder felt that this Brother Ling of his was very mystical... Why was he always able to speak so lightly about such big matters with a straight face?

Additionally, there was one thing that Lord Thunder was very curious about...

According to what he knew of Wang Ling, Wang Ling usually wouldn't bother to get involved in something as big as this. Firstly, he liked to keep a low profile and didn't like to show his face in public. Secondly, he felt it was very troublesome.

But this time, he had actually mentioned the Immortal's Treasure House of his own accord, and had invited Lord Thunder to go over and discuss it with him.

Something was definitely fishy...

Out of curiosity, Lord Thunder sent a message and asked, "Brother Ling, why are you suddenly interested in the Immortal's Treasure House?"

On the other side, Wang Ling looked at this message and was silent.

The matter of his aura being suppressed was something that only his few family members knew about, and no matter how familiar he was with Thunder, there was no way Wang Ling would tell him about it - this was his biggest secret.

Seeing that Wang Ling hadn't replied, Lord Thunder made a quick guess and swiftly sent another message.

Lord Thunder: "Can it be... that the Immortal's Treasure House has a repository of crispy noodle snacks?"

Wang Ling: "..."

Lord Thunder was utterly stupefied and couldn't help clicking his tongue; he had completely never expected that even Immortal Zhenyuan would like crispy noodle snacks...

As expected of big shots... they even ate the same thing.





Chapter 399 Suffer Because of a Lack of Culture!


A lot happened that night...

Elsewhere, Xiao Yin's lonely journey back to Lord Thunder's villa was in fact not very peaceful.

Somehow it felt like someone was following him. A holy beast's sixth sense was sharp and they were a hundred times more sensitive to danger than first-class spirit beasts. This group of people following Xiao Yin harbored ill will toward him, as the auras their bodies gave off stank. This was the "evil qi" specially given off by this bunch with bad intentions.

After sensing that he was being followed, Xiao Yin quickened his pace and headed for a place with a lot of people as he tried to shake them off.

He wasn't afraid of them, but he was afraid that his real identity would be exposed. If people found out that his true form was that of an eight thousand year-old silver unicorn... Xiao Yin couldn't imagine what the consequences would be. Therefore, what he was really afraid of wasn't people, but that his real body would be found out and become the target of malicious intentions.

Moreover, this bunch of people was very patient and had been tailing him for a long time.

Xiao Yin calculated that this group had started following him from the moment he had taken the spirit bus to the subway.

He didn't know which force they belonged to or their purpose... but the other party's target was very clear. In the subway station with so many people streaming by, they had been able to lock onto him precisely.

What should he do?

Find a deserted place and take action?

Xiao Yin was conflicted.

Because after the Immortal Mansion incident and before Wang Ling had taken him out, they had made a provisional agreement that Xiao Yin wasn't allowed to make a move without permission. If he was ever exposed, it would all be over.

Given the situation, it was better for him to ask for advice.

Thinking this, Xiao Yin started to take a crazy winding route around the block to buy himself time to text the chat group; Lord Thunder had only pulled him in recently, and he had just learned to type not long ago. Usually when he was at home, Xiao Yin preferred to use the voice function, which was more efficient.

But he was on a noisy block at the moment; it was so noisy that he couldn't even hear himself clearly, let alone use the voice function.

Xiao Yin had just tried it, and realized that anything he said became a string of electronic notes, which made it impossible to communicate normally.

So the only thing he could do now was type... The point was that because he had only learned to do so recently, he was extremely slow!

Besides, this keyboard was really too small; Xiao Yin felt that typing was very inconvenient.

It might as well transform into a giant screen so that he could change back into his real body and stamp on it with his hooves!

After going around the block for more than three minutes, Xiao Yin finally painstakingly finished typing out six words: "Someone, following me, what to do?"

Soon there was a string of responses from the group.

Cailian Zhenren: "Beat him up!"

Dharmaraja: "Electrocute him!"

Bulang Blade Immortal: "Chop him up!"

Immortal Toya: "Poison him!"

Xiao Yin: "..."

Only the few who had been involved in the Immortal Mansion incident knew of Xiao Yin's true form. When he had dragged Xiao Yin into the group, Lord Thunder had told the others who hadn't been involved that Xiao Yin was a distant relative of his, thus keeping the secret properly.

Although everyone in the chat were comrades whom Lord Thunder had strictly vetted, the fewer who knew about Xiao Yin being a holy beast, the better. Thus, no one in the group would publicly announce his identity, and they just considered him a new brother in the group.

And newcomers to the group would usually be teased...

Xiao Yin was anxious. He had spent three minutes typing six words... but this group of elder brothers and one elder sister actually hadn't taken him seriously at all!

How should he respond in this event?

Keep explaining?

But it seemed that time was running out; the group behind him were watching him very closely. He had been going around the block over and over again as he typed, and they would definitely be suspicious.

But if he sent emojis, those oldies in the group would take it even less seriously...

Fang Xing was also in the group. He hadn't expected Xiao Yin to run into trouble at this time. "Seniors, don't play around with Xiao Yin. After he lost the bet back then, he promised Ling Zhenren that he wouldn't make a move so casually." This was Fang Xing's reminder to the people who knew of Xiao Yin's true identity. At the same, he firmly turned the agreement between Xiao Yin and Wang Ling into a bet for the sake of those who weren't in the know.

This was the script they had agreed upon before Xiao Yin had joined the group.

It was clear that Cailian Zhenren, Dharmaraja and the others were roused by Fang Xing's reminder. To be honest, they would have forgotten if it hadn't been for this reminder: as a holy beast, Xiao Yin couldn't freely take action without approval. Now that he was being tailed, this was indeed a thorny problem.

In front of the screen, Xiao Yin was moved by Fang Xing's reply — his good impression of Fang Xing increased by 10086 1 !

1(10086 is China Mobile's Customer Service Hotline.) Cailian Zhenren: "Where are you now, Brother Xiao Yin?"

Xiao Yin looked around and found a road sign that read — Bing Xian Da Xian Yan 2 Road.

2(The joke here is that the road name 靐鱻龾鱻焱路 is made up of multistroke characters that are ridiculously hard to write ..) Xiao Yin was instantly overcome with despair.

MMP! — What the fuck kind of road name was this?!

He was already slow at typing, but the point was... he couldn't read these words at all!

At this time, Fang Xing spoke in the group once again. "Brother Xiao Yin has just learned to use the chat software, so he's slower at typing. Brother Xiao Yin, open the settings in the chat interface; there's a location tab in there. Click on it, and it'll send your location, so we'll know where you are."

Seeing this message, Xiao Yin was so moved his tears spilled out... Brother Fang Xing knows me well!

Following Fang Xing's instructions, Xiao Yin quickly sent his coordinates, and it just so happened that the road name was displayed in the group's chat window.

Seeing the road name, the people in the group suddenly understood.

Cailian Zhenren: "Oh... you're there."

Dharmaraja: "I know this place. It sells tuning magic weapons and is incredibly noisy. In this neighborhood, anything you say will turn into electronic notes."

Immortal Toya: "...What do the characters say?"

Cailian Zhenren: "Don't know."

Dharmaraja: "Don't know."

Xiao Yin was stunned. "..." A bunch of cultivators were suffering together because they lacked culture!

Fang Xing: "It seems close to my place. How about I go take a look..."

But just as Fang Xing said this, Lord Thunder suddenly came online.

Lord Thunder: "Brother Fang Xing, you don't have to go. Brother Xiao Yin, you can act without worries; Ling Zhenren has already given his consent. Special cases need special responses. The group that's following you is from the Demon Hunters Association. It's very likely that they're high-level elders on the run. The best would be for Brother Xiao Yin to lead them to a secluded spot and get rid of all of them without exposing your identity."

Xiao Yin and everyone in the group sighed with relief when they saw this message.

Nevertheless, Xiao Yin still thought it was very strange. Why was this Demon Hunters Association targeting him? He had nothing to do with them at all! Even if this group of elders were looking for revenge, it didn't make sense to seek him out.

But Xiao Yin was already unable to deal with that much for now.

Now that Wang Ling had already consented to him taking action, he wouldn't be polite with this bunch behind him anymore.

He had been feeling incredibly stifled these days!





Chapter 400 Er Ha's Status in the Harem


After conveying the message to Xiao Yin in the main group, Lord Thunder instantly opened a private chat window. His chat partner wasn't just anybody, but was Wang Ling.

Lord Thunder swiftly typed out a question. "Brother Ling, why do you know who these people are, and why are you so sure that the Demon Hunters Association are after Brother Xiao Yin?"

Wang Ling was silent at this question, because he felt it was a little complicated. It had actually all started when Xiao Yin had sent blood over.

When Wang Ling had been about to soak Er Ha in the holy beast blood, he had suddenly discovered that someone had planted a soul marker on it. It was a very sophisticated trace method, and stronger than what Mo Immortal Castle had used to track Song Qingshu. The most impressive thing about it was how discreet it was; it couldn't be detected easily without careful inspection.

Er Ha had always been at home before, and the only people who would have had the opportunity to put this type of marker on it was the gang from the Demon Hunters Association.

Wang Ling guessed that it was Strong Zuo who had secretly planted this marker. However, Strong Zuo couldn't have created this kind of soul marker with his ability alone. Wang Ling thus speculated that there had to be an expert helping them out behind the scenes.

Then, when Wang Ling had dumped Er Ha into the bucket, he had transferred the marker to Xiao Yin in passing...

After understanding what had happened, Lord Thunder wiped at his sweat as he looked at the screen. "Brother Ling... Did you plan this from the beginning? But may I ask, why Xiao Yin?"

In fact, Wang Ling had considered this problem carefully.

First of all, this lot running over for revenge were elders who would naturally be stronger than Strong Zuo that piece of trash. Secondly, Er Ha's narcolepsy hadn't been fully cured; it would be a serious problem if it collapsed in battle. And finally, the soul pet contract's remote assistance option also had a cooldown period.

Thus, Wang Ling's answer was very simple: What if Er Ha gets hurt?

Sitting in front of the screen, Lord Thunder sunk into deep thought at this reply.

Somehow, he smelled a whiff of indulgence...

Lord Thunder's heart suddenly ached a little for Xiao Yin.

Come to think of it, he suddenly recalled that while Xiao Yin had accepted Wang Ling as his owner, it seemed that they hadn't formed a contract yet... Moreover, just by looking at Wang Ling's attitude toward this incident, it was already clear to see how much space Xiao Yin and Er Ha each took up in Wang Ling's heart.

Lord Thunder couldn't help but sigh - Xiao Yin had a long way to go before it could truly obtain a position in Brother Ling's harem.

Wait a minute...

Had he somehow been fed a mouthful of dog food 1 ?

1(This means to be subjected to PDA..) Fucking dog food!

...

This block was actually very close to both Fang Xing's and Lord Thunder's houses; it was just that Xiao Yin had never been to this road with the weird name before. If he hadn't received Lord Thunder's instructions, he really wouldn't have known what to do with the gang of people behind him.

After receiving clear instructions, Xiao Yin was greatly relieved and he deliberately slowed down.

There weren't many people following him, just two individuals.

They followed Xiao Yin closely and finally arrived at a factory which was still under construction. It was supposed to be a modern food processing factory, but it had yet to be finished. Work had stopped for the night and all the workers had gone home, so no one was there. Furthermore, the construction site inside was very spacious.

The two elders of the Demon Hunters Association who had been tailing Xiao Yin the whole time stopped in front of the iron gates to the construction site, which were shut, and saw the silver-haired young man jump inside.

Most likely they had been discovered.

"It stopped moving..." An old Taoist in a grey Chinese gown stood at the entrance. He held a compass in his hand which showed the location of the soul marker.

After the silver-haired young man had leapt inside, the soul marker which had originally been moving on the compass had stopped, thus confirming that the young man had stopped moving.

"This beast has guts; it actually dares to challenge us." The old Taoist snorted.

"Senior brother, do you think we may have the wrong target?" the man next to him couldn't help asking; he had a tear-shaped birthmark on his face and looked somewhat feminine.

In addition to secretly planting the soul marker before being arrested, Strong Zuo had in fact also delivered a hidden order; after decoding, it turned out to be a description of the enemy — in addition to a youngster, the main force was a green-furred dog of the akita breed.

And based on the decoded hidden order, Strong Zuo explained that while the dog was estimated to be third class, it had a very strong owner behind it. It was precisely because this owner had mobilized the soul pet contract to boost the dog's strength that Strong Zuo's group had been completely defeated.

But the problem was that the target they were now chasing wasn't a dog!

As a junior brother, the feminine man strongly suspected that they were mistaken.

However, the issue now was that the two brothers had different views as the old Taoist holding the compass refused to believe it.

The old Taoist squinted and snorted. "The soul marker contains the president's power; you and I both have seen his strength for ourselves. There is absolutely no mistake; without a doubt, the young man inside is that dog!"

"But senior brother... Even in human form, it's definitely first class. But Strong Zuo's hidden order shows that the dog is third class." The junior brother was in a daze. This whole situation felt unreliable; there were too many points of doubt!

Besides, as a green-furred dog, even if it took human form, its hair should at the very least be green, right? Too many things didn't add up!

"Senior Brother Canglan... do you think it's possible that someone has tampered with the soul marker?" this junior brother surmised.

"Tampered with it?" The old Taoist couldn't help laughing. "Junior Brother Han ah, Junior Brother Han, you're still young and inexperienced."

Junior Brother Han: "But..."

"No 'buts.'" The old Taoist pinched his beard. "Once something has been engraved with a soul marker, it can only be washed off through soul purification. What's more, the president's skill at soul marking is superb, and he's very good at hiding the soul marker; forget tampering, it's hard to even detect it. Junior Brother Han, you say that someone has tampered with it, but how?"

Junior Brother Han said in a very soft voice, "I'm guessing that someone may have transferred it..."

When he said that, the old Taoist burst into laughter. "Junior brother, your imagination is too wild! On this earth, how can there be anyone capable of moving the soul marker? No such technique exists!"

Junior Brother Han: "..."

"Unless he is the reincarnation of the Immortal King!"

The old Taoist waved his hand and laughed. "If there is such a person, I, Canglan, swear by my Taoist name that my whole family will die out in a matter of days!"

Junior Brother Han: "But Senior Brother Canglan... aren't you an orphan?"

The old Taoist: "We two brothers, you and I, have relied on each other for many years, making a living through hunting spirit beasts... I, this senior brother, have long regarded you as family!"

Junior Brother Han: "..."
