Chapter 201 An Arrow Piercing the Sky...


In some sense, Killer Taoist and Wang Ming were actually quite similar in character. They both liked to challenge the limits, and while the target that Wang Ming was obsessed with challenging was everyone's Ling Zhenren, the target of Killer Taoist's challenge obsession was his master Lao Gudong.

The reason why they were similar was because they had one thing in common — they had never once won!

Looking at senior brother who was in neutral position in front of him, Bandit Evil had been frightened into dropping the flip-flops. He squeezed his blinded eyes tightly shut. He was just an innocent little virgin, why did his eyes have to endure such a piercing image?! Master, come and save me! There's a pervert here, it's your senior disciple!

Killer Taoist put his flip-flops back on and pulled up his pants with pride. He wasn't the least bit repentant about corrupting their sect's principles. "Junior brother, do you know, I've been looking for a way to defeat shifu all this time. After fumbling around all these years, I finally understand why I've lost to him time and time again."

Bandit Evil raised his head. "?"

Killer Taoist: "It was this pair of floral underpants that had been obstructing my way forward!"

Bandit Evil: "..."

Killer Taoist: "As the number one killer, how can I be defeated by this addiction? So letting myself hang free was the best solution I could think of."

Bandit Evil: "..."

Killer Taoist: "Anyway, what is it that shifu wants us to do?"

Bandit Evil: "It's the students whom shifu is currently teaching. Now that the whereabouts of the Master of Shadow Stream Jiang Liuyue are unaccounted for, master is worried that this person will organize for killers to come to the school to take revenge. If they really were to act, they would definitely do it quietly; shifu is worried that the kids will fall prey to some trap."

Hearing this, Killer Taoist nodded. "So, shifu wants us to give those people a warning?"

Bandit Evil nodded. "That would be the best way; shifu has already withdrawn into the background for a hundred years, and he doesn't want outsiders to disturb this calm..."

Killer Taoist lowered his head and his eyes turned dark. "Got it."

He took off one of his flip-flops and pulled out a fuse from a crack in the heel. Holding one end, he pulled it suddenly, and with a whistle, clusters of fiery red light instantly scattered in the sky.

"An arrow piercing the sky, and a thousand troops and ten thousand horses will come1?" Bandit Evil was surprised. When had senior brother amassed so many subordinates?

1(This line was made popular by the film "Kung Fu Hustle", & basically means lighting a signal flare to call for help) "There are always hidden guards around a true grandmaster. It was on a sudden whim; I recruited two." Killer Taoist rubbed his nose, and just as he finished speaking, Bandit Evil suddenly saw two shadows drop abruptly from the sky in front of him; it was two men dressed in black with their faces covered, which made them look very mysterious.

Bandit Evil: "Only two?"

"That's right."

Killer Taoist nodded, then turned to the masked men who had landed suddenly as he made the introductions. "One is codenamed Thousand Troops and the other is codenamed Ten Thousand Horses. They are the two subordinates whom I've just accepted as apprentices... I'll send them both out later to issue warnings to people in the murder industry one by one. Come on, say hello to your second martial uncle!"

The two people saluted Bandit Evil with clasped fists. "Hello, second martial uncle!"

"..."

Bandit Evil was speechless for a long time.

He realized that there was a pit in his senior brother's brain2!

2(This is a reference to the Chinese novel "There's a pit in my senior martial brother's brain") ...

The combined military training for six schools this time wasn't a small event. Rather than say that this joint military training between several key city high schools and key city high school candidates was a coincidence, it was better to view it as a deliberate arrangement which had been planned early on.

Everyone knew that Number 59 High School and Number 60 High School were both key city high school candidates. Having these two schools combine together to compete against four key city high schools was a big joke. Headmaster Chen of Number 60 High School and Headmaster Jin of Number 59 High School were from the same sect and both of them were sensitive about their reputations. Given their personalities, the main concern for these two brothers when they got together was to think up all kinds of ways to do things...

It was June 13th on Monday in the eighth week of the semester.

As soon as Teacher Pan entered the classroom early in the morning, she began to talk about points for attention related to the combined military training this time. Headmaster Chen and Headmaster Jin had spent the whole night designing a set of guidelines for the military training program's "survival drill" which the teachers-in-charge were required to disseminate in their classes.

"I believe everyone understands the rules by now. This time, there are over ten thousand students from six schools. At the beginning of the drill, an array will send you to random locations on the map, and the person next to you could be a friend or could also be an enemy. But only the people who remain on the map in the end will win." Teacher Pan pushed up her glasses and said, "So wherever you land, make sure you open your eyes wide! Determine whether it's an ally or the enemy; don't hurt an ally by accident no matter what, or you will lose overall points!"

Everyone: "..."

Teacher Pan: "What I'm telling you now is all important! Take it seriously! Let me tell you, there was a senior student who didn't listen carefully when I was explaining these points for attention, and during the college entrance exam, he filled in the wrong answer sheet and ended up having to repeat a year!"

Everyone: "..."

Teacher Pan: "Also, when you land, magic treasures will randomly appear inside the buildings on the map, and you'll need to look for them yourselves. After you land, don't go looking for useless objects; if it's a weapon, pick it up first — only after that should you look for a storage bag! No matter how good a person's kungfu is, they'll also be afraid of a kitchen knife; close-range combat won't win against someone wielding a magic treasure!"

Hearing this, Su Xiao raised his hand weakly. "Then, teacher... what should someone do if their luck is bad and they don't have any magic treasures...?"

Teacher Pan: "Do you still have to ask? Don't you know how to hide?"

Su Xiao: "..."

"Including Number 59 High School, our two schools have fewer than two thousand students in total who will be participating in the military training this time. If your luck is bad and you're in a situation where there are no magic treasures nearby which you can pick up, it's fine to find a place to hide; don't feed the enemy! Naturally, the best would be to wait until you can get allies to come over as support and bring you equipment. We must do whatever we can to survive — only then will we have greater battle strength in the end!"

Teacher Pan said solemnly, "All in all, two words: lay low!"

Everyone: "..."

"There are only two ways to win this type of survival game... either you are as strong as the old devil who can sweep everything away, or you can lay low, don't be impulsive, and save your strength."

Her hands on the lectern, Teacher Pan looked at the students in the classroom and said gravely, "To sum up in one sentence: hold steady, we can win3!"

3(Originally a system automated script in online games like League of Legends, this has become a popular catchphrase) Wang Ling: "..."

...

That night, after coming back from school, Wang Ling discovered that the image which had been flashing through his mind previously had become increasingly clear.

His Heavenly Eye had foreseen a man lying in a pool of blood before. Now, he could confirm for sure that this man was Lord Thunder. He was also very certain that the place the other man was lying in was the back garden of that Wenxian Garden villa.

Wang Ling was suddenly worried for that guy's safety.

He remembered that he had previously sent him a set of long johns, but he didn't know whether that guy was wearing them or not...





Chapter 202 Bewildered Lord Thunder


After ten days or so of labor, the hawthorn seed from Boss Tan which had been cultivated in spirit soil and watered with spirit water day and night had finally sprouted and was growing quickly.

Lord Thunder put his hands on his hip and looked at the young green hawthorn fruit with a sense of pride.

Ten minutes or so ago, the fruit had only been as big as a soybean, but it was now growing rapidly at a rate visible to the naked eye.

Soon, the fruit of the hawthorn tree would be fully ripe. But despite his pride, Lord Thunder still felt somewhat frustrated, because the little mud-playing girl whom Boss Tan had mentioned had yet to show up!

"Senior Immortal, will the girl whom Boss Tan mentioned really show up?" Song Qingshu, dressed in a well-ironed suit behind the man in white, asked.

"Who knows..." The young man looked a little unhappy as he pursed his lips.

In fact, most of them hadn't placed much hope in this method from the beginning. Wang Ling had always felt that it wasn't very reliable, but there were always "fools" in this world. Boss Tan was one of them, for keeping this seed for many years, and Lord Thunder was another, for believing that if he planted this hawthorn seed, the girl would really come...

Some people said that the higher a cultivator's realm was, the more shrewd they would become; in the end, all of them would become devils in the eyes of the world, since they lacked the so-called "romance" of life. However, in Wang Ling's opinion, this "romance" was in fact an important part of a cultivator's heart.

So, cultivation wasn't necessarily about bitterness or hatred, but nor was every cultivator as "romantic" as Lord Thunder.

There were times when Wang Ling would feel in his heart that to be able to have met such a friend on his cultivation path was a very good thing.

...

Evening had fallen, and the street lights next to Wenxian Garden had just come on.

A figure suddenly walked out of a spatial crack under a street light. This was a blind spot, and when it emerged, none of the passersby on the roadside sensed its sudden appearance.

"With the Purple Gold Gourd's spatial fog and this thing nowadays called the GPS positioning system, my venerable self can freely go anywhere on this earth." In Jiang Liuyue's body, the old devil looked down at his phone and smiled slightly.

Initially, moving around with the Purple Gold Gourd's spatial fog meant that he had to specially exit first and then use his great power to lock down the position, which was a waste of time and spirit energy. This operation now was really far, far more convenient than before!

The old devil: "Is this the place?"

"Yes, Lord Devil Emperor, there's definitely no mistake; the person who took the Seven Stars Sword lives here." Jiang Liuyue's voice came out from the stone ghost mask on the old devil's face.

The old devil: "It is a villa district? Do you know which villa it is?"

Jiang Liuyue: "The scout I hired reported that there's a hawthorn tree in front of it, we should be able to pick it out easily."

"Then let's go and take a look first. This time, my venerable self must obtain the Seven Stars Sword!" the old devil said darkly and nodded.

...

While two people had just made a move on this side, in Lord Thunder's backyard in his Wenxian Garden villa, a person in a black cloak was looking at the hawthorn tree from a distance, separated by a fence.

This was an expert with an unknown realm, and whose aura was hidden under the black cloak. He looked very mysterious.

"This is the place," the figure under the cloak whispered to himself, and with a single light step, he flew over the fence with a rustle and landed at the base of the hawthorn tree.

Standing in front of the tree, the man took a deep breath and carefully smelled it...

...There was definitely no mistake! This hawthorn tree had grown from the seed from back then!

That seed had been specially treated so that the hawthorn fruit it produced would have a distinctive scent that only people who had been specially trained could smell.

Emotions stirred in the heart of the man standing under the hawthorn tree; only one in a hundred million people could smell this special scent.

As one of the eight children who had been selected back then, he was the only one who had survived the intense hellish training, and he had been taught to pinpoint, out of millions of hawthorn fruits, the one which carried this special scent.

The five senses, mental techniques, martial arts, and military skills... these had all been compulsory courses during his hellish training; he had had to refine all aspects of his cultivation until they were perfect.

And all of this was for the sake of helping the Master of the Mansion bring back the person who had planted this special hawthorn tree!

Now that he had finally found the hawthorn tree, the cloaked man's heart almost felt like it would give out with emotion... how much hardship and how much pain had he suffered for the sake of finding the person who had planted this hawthorn tree!

Finally!

He had found them!

As long as he brought the person who had planted this fruit back to the Master, he would be free in the future.

All these years, his life had truly been such a tiring one...

Now, standing under the hawthorn tree, the cloaked man badly wanted to loudly shout out six words if he had been able to — I, this father, want to retire!

After howling for a while in his heart, the cloaked man calmed his thoughts and came back to himself. His priority now was to find the person who had planted this hawthorn tree.

Just as he raised his head, a strange aura suddenly appeared behind him.

The old devil had actually arrived directly in the backyard through the spatial crack.

It had been so quick and almost instantaneous that in that moment, the cloaked man hadn't been able to clearly see how the other party had appeared.

The instant their eyes met, the old devil and the cloaked man came to a conclusion in their hearts almost at the same time!

— This was definitely the person who had planted this hawthorn tree!

— This was definitely the junior who had taken the Seven Stars Sword!

Moreover, the moment he saw Jiang Liuyue's appearance, the cloaked man was confident that he had found the right person.

He had long known that the Master of the Mansion was fond of beauty, though he hadn't thought that the latter would actually be interested in this type... he felt that the two lumps of mass destruction on the chest of the woman in front of him were so large that they were a little exaggerated!

With his hands behind his back, the cloaked man stared at the old devil in front of him and said, "My master wants to see you, please come with me!"

"And who are you?"

This time, it was the old devil's turn to be astonished.

Were juniors all this arrogant nowadays?

In Jiang Liuyue's body, the old devil began to carefully size up the cloaked man in front of him.

What surprised him was that the man's aura was unexpectedly hidden very well; given Jiang Liuyue's current rate of recovery, even he couldn't detect it!

"I see... that junior must have known that I would be coming to seize the sword, so he had taken early precautions. Were you sent by that junior?" the old devil said in a musing tone as he stared at the cloaked man.

Ju...nior?

The cloaked man was startled. There weren't many people who would dare call the Master junior... this woman was likely going to be hard to deal with! And what the hell was that about a sword?

He frowned as he pondered in his heart.

After a moment's consideration, he abruptly made a move first, and raised his hand as he rushed at the old devil!

Who cared what that sword was... whoever struck first would gain the upper hand. He would knock this person out and bring her back first, and only then would he think about the rest!

...

Lord Thunder and Song Qingshu were having a small meeting inside the villa when they were startled by sounds outside. Both of them felt out the situation with their spiritual senses, and in the end were left bewildered.

When had two people showed up the backyard... and why had they started fighting?





Chapter 203 Kill this Master-Con!


After the hawthorn tree had grown, that rumored girl had yet to appear. Lord Thunder and Song Qingshu had returned to the villa to discuss the follow-up insurance claims for the twenty or so ghosts of the delivery riders.

Once they came back to their senses, they were shocked to realize that two people had appeared for no fathomable reason outside the door.

"What should we do now, Senior Immortal?" Who knew when Song Qingshu had taken off his suit as he quickly changed into the long johns.

Lord Thunder: "...Wait and see."

His intuition told him that these two people were first-class experts, whether it was the woman with that ample upper body or the cloaked man whose face couldn't be clearly seen. As they fought, they unexpectedly didn't make the slightest sound. When they tussled together, they became two lumps of intertwined shadows...

"Both are experts..." Lord Thunder drew the curtain back slightly to create a slit so that he could surreptitiously observe what was happening outside the window.

"The way these two are able to hide their auras so well is remarkable — if it hadn't been for that minute movement just now during the fight, we would perhaps never have been aware of it." Song Qingshu couldn't help but exclaim in admiration. That cloaked man in particular was really terrifying!

To be able to fight without releasing their auras or without making even the slightest bit of sound... these people would have already cultivated the silent battle skill and aura concealment skill close to the realm of celestial beings! A person would have had to cultivate these two skills from a young age in order to reach this ultimate level... since ancient times, the people able to master these two skills at the same time had tended to be professional killers or intelligence agency assassins.

Looking through the gap between the curtains, Lord Thunder fell into deep thought at that moment...

It had to be said that Lord Thunder was in the end Lord Thunder, owner of the cultivation forum and a long-time veteran of the cultivation community. Just by observing the way these two people fought, he had guessed their respective identities.

The first was the tall person in a cloak; during the fight, he had never removed his hands from his sleeves. This was the habit of someone who used a concealed weapon. The key point was, when comparing their fighting styles, the cloaked person's skills were clearly more vicious, with each attack aimed at vital parts of the body. This was without doubt the instinct of an experienced killer or an intelligence agency assassin.

However, the woman also wasn't weak. Although her attacks weren't as fierce as the man's, her form and her movements were very strange.

She was keenly aware of even the attacks which she couldn't see in her blind spots and was able to avoid them.

Lord Thunder's first instinct was that this woman had a wealth of combat experience that didn't match what someone at this realm would ordinarily display.

Furthermore, he felt that this woman was very familiar for some reason, as if he had seen her somewhere before...

At this time, he was feeling very vexed.

What should he do?

After a moment's consideration, he took out his cellphone and recorded the scene before sending the video to Wang Ling.

The video image just showed two lights colliding with each other...

If it had only been a photo, even a shadow might not have come out in the picture.

But since he had used the video record function, Lord Thunder firmly believed that given the eyesight of the cultivation forum's gang leader Wang Ling, the latter would definitely be able to see it.

...

At this time, after more than ten minutes of hand-to-hand combat, the two individuals finally stopped attacking at the same time to stare hard at each other.

"As expected of someone whom the Master regards highly; apart from myself, there are very few people nowadays who have been able to refine the silent combat skill and aura concealment skill to this level." The cloaked man crossed his arms as he looked fixedly at the old devil.

The old devil was breathing heavily, both hands on his knees.

Jiang Liuyue's realm had not yet fully recovered; additionally, he was not yet accustomed to handling this body. The fight had consumed too much of his spirit energy, and along with needing to figure out the center of gravity for the two lumps on his chest, the old devil felt that this intense combat had cost him dearly!

If it hadn't been for his wealth of combat experience, he would have already been dead eight hundred times over from the cloaked man's continuous attacks!

Staring at the cloaked man in front of him, the old devil was unexpectedly a little frightened... why did he have to meet two freakishly strong juniors one after another not long after coming out?

The body fusion still had a limit; after they separated this time, it would be at least another eight hours before he could possess a body again.

If they continued to tangle like this, the situation could only get worse for the old devil. He stared at the cloaked man in front of him and began to negotiate. "Little brother... is there any misunderstanding between us?"

The cloaked man cupped his chin. "Misunderstanding? Then why are you here?"

The old devil: "I followed this hawthorn tree to this place to look for someone!"

The cloaked man: "What a coincidence, I'm also under orders to look for someone under the hawthorn tree!"

The old devil: "..."

"Rest assured, our master has said that if I can bring you back alive, then I should try to do so as much as possible!" Under the cloak, the young man bared his white teeth, then spirit light flashed in his right hand as he summoned a blood-red spirit sword. "Miss, if you come with me quietly, I promise that you won't be harmed. Your strength is just at the Nascent Soul stage, you'll only be struggling for death. But if you continue to resist, I wouldn't mind tearing you apart here before I take you back."

The old devil was stupefied. "..." Not only was this junior abnormally strong, he was also a fucking psychopath!

The old devil: "Little brother, there must be some misunderstanding, I came here to seize a sword..."

"Seize a sword?" The cloaked youngster's expression suddenly darkened. "My master personally gave me this Abyss Avoidance when I was very young, you dare to take it?"

"..."

The old devil felt that it was already no longer possible to explain the situation clearly.

He was sure that the person whom this youngster was looking for was definitely not him... but this had proven one fact: he shouldn't try reasoning with a psycho!

Because of the limitations of this body, the old devil had initially wanted to avoid continuing this meaningless fight, but given the situation now, he had to first get rid of this master-con1 retard.

1(Similar to words like sister-con or bro-con, so to mean that the man has a master complex, or is obsessed with his master.) "Very well, junior! You've made my venerable self very angry!"

The old devil gnashed his teeth, and with a hum, black qi started to flow out of Jiang Liuyue's seven orifices.

A pitch-black cloud started to gather above the old devil's head — it was a devil fog which cultivators under the Soul Formation stage wouldn't be able to see.

In actual fact, this devil fog was a living creature which the old devil had brought out from the Gate Between Worlds in the past. After it had surrendered, he had forcibly made it his pet, and had raised it on a diet of human blood and vengeful ghosts.

Before the old devil had been sealed into the stone ghost mask, this living devil fog creature's power had already reached the Void Refinement stage.

Given the limitations of his body, this was the best and most effective attack that the old devil could think of for now.

When the devil fog appeared, a wild wind immediately howled through the back garden.

Observing the situation from inside the villa, Lord Thunder's face suddenly changed dramatically. "Crap!"

"What's the matter, Senior Immortal?" Lord Thunder's reaction gave Song Qingshu quite the scare.

The man's face was pale and his eyes were lifeless as he looked in the direction of the back garden with the expression of someone who wanted to die. "Great Senior Wang's broccoli, I haven't saved it yet!"

Song Qingshu: "..."





Chapter 204 A Man from Immortal Mansion Will Never Admit Defeat


Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Slow Translations

The devil fog creature coalesced into a mighty, human-shaped devil spirit behind the old devil, and looked like it was wearing a helmet. The devil spirit folded its arms and both its eyes glowed red.

Under the cloak, the man finally couldn't help frowning. This evil aura was really too heavy...

Although the Gate Between Worlds had already been shut for six years, there were plenty of evil spirits still scattered all over the world and hiding among humans; however, the man had to admit that this was the first time that he had seen one with such a heavy evil aura.

From the previous fight, he had initially thought that this would be a simple assignment. However, this woman in front of him had displayed reaction capabilities and powerful skills which didn't match her realm.

Was she really just at the Nascent Soul stage?

The young man looked at the powerful Void Refinement devil spirit behind the woman and sunk into deep thought.

He now had every reason to believe that the woman had seduced this powerful devil spirit into obeying her...

"Eat him!" The old devil was utterly enraged and began to manipulate the enormous devil spirit behind him.

In a split second, the devil spirit roared and spread its arms. Black fog rolled in and an unimaginable chill spread out from the devil spirit at its center as the ground instantly hardened into a layer of thin ice.

Under the cloak, the youngster's eyes were grim. This solidifying chill from the underworld was truly abnormal; the slightest touch from it would cause cultivators with low realms to instantly lose control of basic functions.

Taking a few steps back until he was under the shade of the hawthorn tree, he used the Abyss Avoidance in his hand to mark out a circle of light ten feet around the hawthorn tree, then retreated within it.

This circle radiated golden light, and the infernal chill that spread out from the devil spirit was held back by the circle.

The Master of the Mansion had indicated that the hawthorn tree was to be protected. Bring the person back and protect the tree; these were the tasks which the Master had assigned him.

The youngster stood in the circle of light and pointed his sword at the old devil. "If this hawthorn tree is destroyed, it'll be my defeat!"

After that, the youngster stretched his left hand out from under his cloak, and with a golden light, it suddenly grew to a monstrous size.

This man had actually refined his left arm into a magic weapon?

The two men inside the house finally knew the youngster's origin...

They had seen this scene before!

Refining a body part into a magic weapon — this person had to be from Immortal Mansion!

But why was a person from Immortal Mansion here?

Previously, Song Qingshu had wounded Ah Zuo and killed Ah You. Had this man been sent to avenge them?

He broke out in a cold sweat and looked somewhat nervous. "Senior Immortal, any news from Senior Ling?"

"Not yet; at this time, Brother Ling should have only just finished school... he probably hasn't read his messages yet." Lord Thunder's heart was bleeding; he could only watch helplessly as the flowers and grass in his back garden withered under that chill. The most important thing was Great Senior Wang's broccoli! This time it was completely ruined!

...

Another quarter of an hour passed. The two people in the garden were giving it their all, both of them unwilling to break away or back down.

Even the devil spirit which the old devil had summoned was feeling tired. This young man wasn't a fucking normal person at all!

The left unicorn arm 1 was scarily solid; whenever the devil spirit summoned ghost soldiers to tear the youngster apart with their teeth, the youngster would sweep his unicorn arm out in front of him and not leave even a trace of blood behind!

1(This phrase is used in different ways, but generally refers to an arm that is abnormally bulkier especially when compared with the other arm or in proportion to the rest of the body ..) But on the flip side, the young man from Immortal Mansion also couldn't attack as usual. In the end, this was a Void Refinement devil spirit; not only couldn't he get close, even the sword qi he sent flying out was instantly neutralized by devil qi.

Right now, it was as if they'd been thumb-wrestling for half an hour. Both sides pressed forward again and again, but to no avail.

Yet in this situation, no one dared to relax.

The old devil was well aware that even if he summoned the Purple Gold Gourd now, it would be impossible for him to make use of the gourd's fog to escape.

In the time he needed to call forth the purple gold smoke, the youngster's sword qi would instantly close in on him.

Given Jiang Liuyue's current physical condition, it wouldn't be able to bear up at all under one sweep of the sword qi!

The old devil felt very aggrieved... when he had been at his peak, were there any juniors who had ever humiliated him like this?

He really felt tired in his heart. If this deadlock continued, it would only be disadvantageous to him. "Little brother, why don't we have a ten-minute truce?"

"No way, the outcome must be decided today! Under the Master's orders, I will take the person who appears under the hawthorn tree away with me, and I must make that happen today no matter what! As long as I take you back, I'll be able to retire!" The youngster shook his head stubbornly.

The old devil wanted to cry but had no tears to shed. "I already told you, I'm not the person you're looking for..."

"Whether you are or not, I'll take you back first, then we'll see! If you're not, at the most I just need to come back again to look for them. As long as the person appears under the hawthorn tree, I must take them back with me!" the youngster said.

"There is something fucking wrong with you..." The old devil couldn't help cursing.

"This is the Master's order, I can only obey it!"

The young man fixed his eyes on the old devil. "The might of the sword qi from my left hand is fifty times more powerful than from my right hand. It's enough to shatter your Void Refinement devil spirit. You already have no chance of winning."

After saying that, the youngster took a deep breath, and then shifted Abyss Avoidance from his right hand to his left hand.

The instant he gripped Abyss Avoidance in his left hand, it was as if the sword had been linked to a boundless spring of spirit energy, and golden light was instantly awakened as it radiated all around them.

The immensely powerful spiritual pressure greatly startled the old devil. The youngster's prowess was actually above the Void Refinement stage!

He had completely miscalculated!

Given his current state, there was no way for him to summon a devil spirit more powerful than this one at the Void Refinement stage.

From the beginning, this had been a battle of unequal strength!

Inside the house, Lord Thunder looked at the spirit sword in the hand of the person from Immortal Mansion and frowned slightly as he felt that the sword was a little familiar somehow.

The quality of this spirit sword wasn't low; the spirit light was as yet restrained and the sword qi hadn't weakened in the slightest... this was at the very damn least a holy weapon!

But now was not the time to think about it. Holding the sword in his left hand, the cloaked youngster had already sent out the mightiest of sword qi, which was accompanied by powerful wind pressure that swept across the scene!

This oppressive golden sword qi transformed into a ten meter-long crescent that streaked toward the devil spirit with almost unstoppable force!

In that moment, both Lord Thunder and Song Qingshu were similarly alarmed. The range of this sword qi was too large, and almost everything in front of the youngster turned to ash in the wake of the sword qi!

Because the gold crescent was too long, one part of it was already approaching the villa and the wall was being slowly split open.

"Crap!" Lord Thunder was alarmed. With this momentum, the sword qi would slice him and Song Qingshu in half at the waist!

"Senior Immortal, go!"

Song Qingshu pushed Lord Thunder away.

Even then, it was already too late...

The sword qi was approaching so fast that they couldn't see it clearly even with the Heavenly Eye.

But it was at that moment that yet another figure appeared in the back garden; no one knew when this person had shown up.

"Who?"

When the young man from Immortal Mansion raised his eyes, a teenage boy in big white bunny pajamas appeared in front of him.

In the face of this rolling golden crescent, the teenager just lazily stretched out his hand and raised one finger.

Just like that, the golden crescent came to a halt, and couldn't proceed any further...





Chapter 205 Golden Flash And Silver Lightning


The gold crescent had unexpectedly been stopped!

Everyone choked at this scene!

Moreover, that rampant sword qi was just stupidly stuck there, stopped by one forefinger and unable to push forward even half an inch.

Honestly speaking, Wang Ling felt that he had cut it close; if he had been a few seconds late, Thunder and Song Qingshu would have been cut down along with the house by this crescent sword qi.

So far, the scene had sunk into dead silence.

While keeping this gold crescent at bay, Wang Ling also sensed the energy contained in this sword qi. This young man was very formidable, stronger than the old devil's devil spirit at the Void Refinement stage as well as other cultivators whom Wang Ling had seen before.

But first, he should disperse the sword qi...

Although Wang Ling had been able to ward it off, it felt like an unstable nuclear warhead, which made him uneasy.

He raised his thumb, and after rubbing together with his forefinger, this gold crescent instantly disintegrated into golden specks which dissipated into thin air.

One couldn't help associating this scene and the feelings it evoked with the lyrics of a song: You gently rub your fingertips and crumble me to pieces1...

1(This is from the song "Can't Leave You" sung by Susan Huang) Everything had happened so easily and smoothly.

The old devil gazed at Wang Ling; he was only looking at this person's back — and he was even wearing big white bunny pajamas, which contrasted sharply with how strong he was — and even in his dejection, the old devil recognized this person.

This was definitely that junior who had crushed his ancient magic blade outside the convenience mart back then!

"Who are you?" The young man from Immortal Mansion stared at Wang Ling, cold sweat beading on his forehead.

He wore a disbelieving expression. His fifty-fold sword qi had actually been stopped by one finger and then easily dissolved.

Wang Ling didn't answer him, and just turned his head slightly to look out of the corner of his eye behind him. Both the old devil and the devil spirit couldn't help shuddering.

This expression... if they remained here, they would definitely die!

"Excuse me, my venerable self is going to leave first..."

There was cold sweat on the old devil's head; as soon as he finished speaking, that purple gold fog rose up again and he disappeared into thin air with it.

For the old devil, this had definitely been a painful decision to make.

From the moment the world had dubbed him "Devil Emperor," he had very rarely disgraced himself by doing such a shameful thing.

The old devil's escape was completely within Wang Ling's expectations; protected as the former was by the fog of the Purple Gold Gourd, there was no other way of tracing the old devil back to his small world until that ancient magic blade had been officially fixed.

But Wang Ling knew that this old devil's days were numbered.

That look which Wang Ling had given him had been a warning.

...

Just like that, the old devil left...

This Devil Emperor Gua Pi, who brought terror to the whole world, also had his weak point, and that weak point was Wang Ling.

Between preserving his life and saving face, the old devil had decisively thrown away all his face and dignity.

He flicked his sleeves, and didn't take even a wisp of cloud away with him2...

2(As a reminder, this is based on the last line of the poem "Taking Leave of Cambridge Again" by the renowned 20th century Chinese poet Xu Zhimo) It was a pity, however, that this young man from Immortal Mansion didn't realize how serious the problem was.

"Whoever you are, if you dare stand in Immortal Mansion's way, there is no saving you!" this young man said coldly as he looked at Wang Ling. With just a flick of his fingers, he had formed a hand seal.

With a "pa!" sound, it was as if that sword had been imbued with spirit, and in a flash it flew at Wang Ling's back at a shocking speed.

This was a sword technique which could take an enemy general's head off from a thousand li away. As the young man executed this technique, his lips curved up slightly and he looked very confident.

He was the most familiar with this sword technique among all the ones he had; it was all about dispatching the enemy with one killer move!

Wang Ling had just turned his head and the blood-red sword in the young man's hand was already flying toward him.

This sword's speed was so great that even cultivators at the Soul Formation stage might not be able to catch it.

Its sword qi was completely gold in color, like lightning!

Looking at this scene, Lord Thunder suddenly seemed to recall something, and his eyes instantly widened. "This man said earlier that the sword was called Abyss Avoidance."

Song Qingshu: "Has Senior Immortal recalled something?"

Lord Thunder: "I remember that there's a legendary ancient magic sword also called Abyss Avoidance; it ranks top on the historical cultivation list of swords because of its speed. It has a nickname, Golden Flash, and its brother sword is codenamed Silver Lightning, and is ranked second on the list..."

Hearing this, Song Qingshu couldn't help trembling a little. A young man from Immortal Mansion who actually wielded a legendary ancient magic sword... his imagination ran wild as he wondered how powerful the force behind Immortal Mansion was.

But though he was a little scared, he didn't actually feel true dread.

For some reason, every time Ling Zhenren showed up, it gave Song Qingshu a strong sense of security, especially when the former appeared in those big white bunny pajamas — Song Qingshu could feel a trace of warmth and kindness from them...

"Go to hell." At the scene, the young man from Immortal Mansion sneered as he promptly launched Abyss Avoidance forward.

At the same time, hiding behind the wall of the villa, Thunder and Song Qingshu couldn't help sighing; why were there so many people looking for death nowadays?

...

As Wang Ling's gaze followed the sword shadow's trajectory as it hurtled toward him, he mused in his heart that if the person standing here now had been Lord Thunder, the result of this battle would already have been a foregone conclusion.

Whoosh! While he was pondering, this sword had already closed in on him at a strange angle, and looked liked it was going to stab him in the back.

Wang Ling just leaned to the side and evaded it. At the same time, he easily caught hold of this blood-red sword's hilt so that it was now in his hand.

The young man from Immortal Mansion was wide-eyed.

He was thunderstruck, and felt like his world view had been completely turned upside down... this, how was this possible?!

This was the Golden Flash, the legendary ancient magic sword which was the fastest sword in all of cultivation history!

The young man from Immortal Mansion was stunned. To actually be able to catch Abyss Avoidance's killing strike... how fucking fast was this person's hand speed? How many years had he remained single3 in order to achieve it?

3(Don't know if people need a reminder about this, but again, this implies that single men only have their hands to keep them company) Gritting his teeth, the young man silently recited the sword spell to call Abyss Avoidance back.

However, no matter how he chanted, that Abyss Avoidance gripped in that teenage boy's hand didn't budge an inch.

He immediately understood — it wasn't that his magic had failed, but that this teenager had unimaginably freakish strength!

Which holy being was this?

Behind the half-ruined villa wall, Lord Thunder and Song Qingshu had already anticipated this scene, but they both still couldn't help sighing.

"Senior Immortal, you mentioned that the Golden Flash was called Abyss Avoidance. Then, do you know the name of that second fastest sword, Silver Lightning?" Song Qingshu couldn't help asking curiously.

Lord Thunder: "Oh, you mean that Silver Lightning?"

Song Qingshu nodded. "Yes."

"It's called Lake Avoidance4," Lord Thunder replied without a second thought.

4(Lake Avoidance is the translation of "bichi". The joke here is that "bichi" is also the Chinese transliteration of the word "bitch") Song Qingshu: "..."





Chapter 206 Ai, Another One Has Bite the Dust...


Wang Ling felt that it had really been dangerous, and he had arrived just in time. If he had been several seconds late, the scene which his Heavenly Eye had predicted would have instantly come true, and Lord Thunder would have collapsed in a large puddle of ketchup.

Now that he had seized the spirit sword Abyss Avoidance, which was contracted to the young man from Immortal Mansion, Wang Ling only needed a rough sense of this magic sword's strength to immediately realize that this wasn't just any ordinary sword.

In terms of overall battle ability, this magic sword was more powerful than the old devil's dagger which Wang Ling had crushed two days ago. Furthermore, this sword could truly move astonishingly fast.

Previously, when Wang Ling had caught that old devil's ancient magic sword barehanded, he hadn't had to use his Heavenly Eye to track its trajectory; this time, however, he had needed to open it.

There was no doubt that the Golden Flash lived up to its name; any sword that could be included in the historical cultivation list of swords would be far from ordinary.

What was regretful was that this time, it had encountered Wang Ling...

This battle had unexpectedly become a major upset; the woman he had sworn to bring back with him had run away, and even his spirit sword had been seized... at that moment, the young man from Immortal Mansion looked a little discouraged.

He pushed back the hood of his cloak to reveal short, bright red hair. His forehead was beaded with sweat, and he looked a little worn out.

Wang Ling and Lord Thunder both noticed that in the middle of this young man's forehead, there was a red dot the size of a rice grain.

They instantly realized that this young man had signed a spirit contract. This was a method used by ancient sects to control their disciples by binding their souls to prevent them from ever betraying their sects.

This method in fact still existed now, but when light sects accepted disciples now, to safeguard their legitimacy, they signed a sect contract that was only binding for fifty years; they would never use their disciples' souls to threaten them.

Thus, establishing a spirit contract was actually illegal now.

However, this was what the dark forces practiced.

In order to crack down on dark forces operating illegally, Huaxiu nation had time and time again over the years channeled all their efforts and strength into wiping out pornography and drug-trafficking. But each time a dark force was reported on the news as having been dismantled by the government, it was actually just a small-scale operation. What was more, the dark force wouldn't have even been considered a prefecture-level sect back then; at the most, it would have just been a small gang organization.

But after several confrontations with Immortal Mansion, Lord Thunder this time had a bad feeling that this dark force was definitely a big fish, and was likely involved in a lot of shady interests and despicable dealings behind the scenes.

Wang Ling fixed his eyes on the young man. Although the former didn't make a move, this atmosphere made the young man nervous. To easily neutralize his fifty-fold crescent sword qi and even catch his Golden Flash... this was enough to prove that he and this teenager in the big white bunny pajamas were at completely different realm levels.

The young man drew back into the golden circle which he had marked out earlier and backed up against that hawthorn tree. He glared daggers at Wang Ling and smiled provokingly. "Even if you've stolen Abyss Avoidance, you won't have its heart! It's ranked number one as the fastest sword, and it's also extremely loyal! It would rather self-destruct than ever betray its owner!"

Wang Ling nodded to himself. Without even the need for a hand seal, he just called out softly in his heart, and a brown spirit light instantly glowed in his hand.

Then, as the spirit light subsided, it took the form of a brown spirit sword.

The young man from Immortal Mansion squinted for a better look.

He was then stunned by what he saw — this was such a powerful teenager, but his sword was actually a peach wood sword?

Without a word, Wang Ling placed Jingke over Abyss Avoidance.

Instantly, this young man felt his vision waver, like he had been struck hard in the head. After he came back to his senses, he was dumbfounded when he realized that his connection with Abyss Avoidance had been broken!

"That's impossible! Impossible!" The young man raised his eyes and stared at Wang Ling. "What did you do to Abyss Avoidance?"

He still didn't understand what on earth had happened, but on the side, Lord Thunder had seen everything and knew what was going on.

"You're wrong. My brother didn't do anything to your sword. It was probably his Jingke who did something..."

Jing...ke? Was that the peach wood sword's name?

The young man was wide-eyed and had a stunned expression on his face. "I've never heard of this sword on the historical cultivation list of swords."

"No kidding!" Lord Thunder laughed. "His father bought this sword from the bird and flower market."

The young man from Immortal Mansion felt like his three views had been upended once again. "..."

"It's very shocking, right?" Lord Thunder looked at him and spread his hands. "When I heard about this back then, I was as astonished as you. But this is the truth. Actually, it makes sense. Just think about how many cultivation masters in the past casually walked down the street and were able to pick up ancient rare books and treasures — sometimes, this type of thing depends on your immortal fate."

"What you're saying is completely unscientific!"

The young man from Immortal Mansion flipped out and roared at him in fury. "It's just a peach wood sword from a rundown place. How can it cause my Abyss Avoidance to switch owners so easily?"

"Brother, you should be familiar with the sword spirit pheromones theory, that spiritual swords can be mutually attracted to each other. It has nothing to do with betrayal. All living things have feelings, and so do sword spirits," Lord Thunder said. "Between sword spirits, as long as their pheromones are compatible with each other, sometimes it's just a matter of seconds. Brother Ling's Jingke has attracted plenty of female sword spirits..."

"But my Abyss Avoidance is male! Male! Male!" The corner of this young man's mouth twitched, and he was so angry he repeated the important word three times.

"Oh, so it's male."

Realization immediately dawned on Lord Thunder. "You know that you can't explain the pheromones between spirit swords using common sense. This Jingke in my Brother Ling's hand is an aggressive gong ."

After he said this, Jingke's blade trembled slightly...

The young man from Immortal Mansion: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

"So from the very beginning, it has little to do with gender." Lord Thunder rubbed his jaw and spoke earnestly. "My Brother Ling's Jingke devours both men and women. Whether it's a male or female sword spirit, it can ensnare both."

"..."

At that moment, the young man from Immortal Mansion could really feel his three views crumble to nothing; it was as if everyone present could vaguely hear this young man's inner world philosophy collapse.

He shook his head repeatedly and muttered non-stop as if he had been possessed by a demon. "I don't believe it... I don't believe it..."

Then, this red-haired youngster retreated a few steps and finally burst into tears as he straightaway dashed off in one direction.

This was probably the legendary "run away in tears"...

That young man hadn't run too far away when Song Qingshu, who had been a bystander the whole time, came forward to stand next to the other two people. He asked with extreme curiosity, "Senior Immortal, the sword spirit pheromones theory you just mentioned... is it true?"

Lord Thunder: "Of course it was just something I made up."

"..."

Song Qingshu: "So the connection between the sword Abyss Avoidance and that young man is actually still there?"

"Of course," said Lord Thunder. "Abyss Avoidance is extremely loyal to its owner, how can their connection be broken so easily? That was just Brother Ling's camouflage magic. Anyway, this Abyss Avoidance is already in our hands. Once that person has gone back, Brother Ling will track him, and we'll then know Immortal Mansion's specific location."

"..."

For some reason, Song Qingshu suddenly felt a little sorry for that young man from Immortal Mansion — he had been completely taken in by these two people's routine!

Lord Thunder: "That's why it's no use having a high cultivation realm. The biggest problem with immersing yourself in cultivation is that you're easily fooled because you don't have enough life experience. My nickname Smooth Talker from back then isn't an empty title! But it seems that I fooled him a little too well — I wonder if that person will be able to find his way home..."

Looking in the direction that the young man from Immortal Mansion had run off crying in, Lord Thunder couldn't help sighing. " Ai , regretfully, another one bites the dust..."

Wang Ling and Song Qingshu: "..."





Chapter 207 Mercury Retrograde Is Too Powerful!


As a veteran in cultivation circles, Lord Thunder deserved his nickname Smooth Talker — if he was selling crutches, he could fool people into thinking they were lame; if he was selling cars, he could persuade them into coughing up the cash.

When the cultivation forum had been first set up, it had been short on funds. Relying on his fast-talking skills, he had wandered about in the city in a black windbreaker and ran his con whenever he met someone: Little brother, from your fine physique, I can tell that you're a rare cultivation genius. You will be needed to protect world peace!

Using this phrase, he had sold a lot of handmade wooden spirit swords and cultivation manuals at that time. All of his customers, moreover, had been naive cultivators who had just entered the cultivation circle. Actually, thinking about it properly, this had been quite an unethical thing to do. This was hence the reason why Lord Thunder had become someone who burst with righteousness in the cultivation circle, who liked to meddle in other people's business, and who became revered as Great Death-Courting Senior... it was all for the sake of paying back his intolerable past debts.

He could summarize his current conduct in four words: give back to society.

In fact, if Wang Ling were to trace back past events, he would be surprised to discover that his and Lord Thunder's fated connection had in fact started when he had been very young.

Because back then, it was Lord Thunder who had sold that Chanel magic sword, which Wang Ling had destroyed, secondhand to Father Wang.

After the old devil and that young man from Immortal Mansion who had run off in tears had left one after another, the villa district's security group and a number of police cars arrived at the scene.

The young man from Immortal Mansion had created a lot of chaos with Abyss Avoidance.

Luckily, Wang Ling had shown up just in time to prevent further damage at the scene as well as to the surrounding areas.

If that gold crescent earlier had sliced its way through, the sword qi would have cut everything within an endless range around them into half...

Lord Thunder's villa had been severely damaged. Except for the basement, almost half of the villa already lay in ruins. However, he wasn't distressed about this at all; instead, he cried bitter tears over the pile of dead, withered broccoli in the back garden... all the plants there had died except for that hawthorn tree which the young man from Immortal Mansion had protected during the chaotic battle.

He had never expected this hawthorn tree to actually trigger such a catastrophe.

Because the fight that had broken out here hadn't been a small one, based on standard procedure, Wang Ling and the other two would have to be taken to the police station to give their statements.

At this moment, Zhuo Yi demonstrated his precious value once again.

After Wang Ling sent him a message, the police captain leading the team on this end immediately received a call from the police station to treat this huge incident as a completely ordinary domestic dispute.

Because this matter was related to the old devil and Immortal Mansion, which the three of them currently still didn't know anything about, the police wouldn't be of much help even if they stepped in. Hence, Wang Ling planned to wait until things had been settled before letting the police wind everything up.

In this way, he would be able to step back from the matter completely in the end.

With Zhuo Yi making calls behind the scene, the police captain in the end just took a token statement.

As he was about to leave, the police captain saluted Lord Thunder. "Sir, we won't bother you any longer today. This incident will probably be classified as an accident. We'll follow up on the property damage — we've already discussed it with villa district security, and we'll arrange for someone from the insurance company to pay you a visit."

Lord Thunder gripped the police captain's hand excitedly. "Comrade police, do you know exactly what this insurance covers?"

"That... that'll depend on the insurance company's clause, we don't know for certain." The police captain shook his head regretfully. "The only thing I can be sure of is that the broccoli which you planted was definitely not covered by insurance..."

Standing on the side, Wang Ling saw Lord Thunder's face instantly turn gloomy at the police captain's words.

Lord Thunder had already given up on reflecting on the matter.

The problem was that Grandfather Wang hadn't had any deep intentions when he had given him the broccoli — it truly was nothing more than an ordinary broccoli!

...

Elsewhere, the old devil had retreated into his small world again.

Who could have imagined that this unparalleled devil, who had stirred up great waves and strutted arrogantly around Huaxiu nation, would be reduced to this.

His two attempts to "leave the mountain"1 had in the end both resulted in failure.

1(This refers to when a hermit has completed his seclusion & is ready to join the world & achieve his objectives) Atop the boundary support of the small world, both the old devil and Jiang Liuyue pondered the issue.

"As expected, the key to this problem is still that Killer Taoist." The old devil gave a faint sigh from inside the stone ghost mask. "Once again, I underestimated this junior's realm. That master-con psycho's strength is at the Void Refinement stage; along with that Abyss Avoidance in his hand, he was able to prevail against my Void Refinement devil spirit. And that other junior was able to parry my sword attack with a single finger... this is enough to prove that his strength is definitely above the Void Refinement stage."

"Senior, are you confident you can win?" Jiang Liuyue asked worriedly.

"I am," the old devil answered in the affirmative. "What my venerable self has to do now is to return to my peak condition. When the time comes, I will personally forge that junior into a devil spirit to serve me."

"No matter what, the next time senior wants to leave the mountain, you have to carefully think about it beforehand to avoid something going wrong again," Jiang Liuyue reminded him on the side.

"Indeed." The old devil nodded his head. "My venerable self has noticed recently that whatever move I make, everything goes wrong. Lately, my venerable self has been specially researching what the modern world calls astrology."

Jiang Liuyue: "...Senior believes in this thing?"

The old devil: "Of course! My venerable self engaged an online astrologer who said I was in the Mercury Retrograde period, which was why everything is going wrong. But this person didn't clearly explain what on earth Mercury Retrograde is."

Jiang Liuyue: "..."

The old devil: "Speaking of this Mercury Retrograde, the fact that it can actually influence my fate in some mysterious way is a little amazing."

Jiang Liuyue: "...There's a way to overcome Mercury Retrograde; Lord Devil Emperor just needs to carry the corresponding lucky items."

"That's what that astrologer said, and that person actually gave me a solution. I've already screenshot it, it's on your phone. But my venerable self doesn't understand what it means no matter how much I've thought about it." Upon saying this, the old devil directed Jiang Liuyue to open the first screenshot in her phone's photo album — it was an image of an astrology card provided by the astrologer with three letters on it: GCM.

The old devil was still puzzled no matter how much he'd pondered it. "My venerable self has thought about it for so long but I still don't understand what these three letters mean..."

After some thought, Jiang Liuyue changed her phone input method into pinyin mode and typed in GCM these three letters...

Instantly, she revealed an enlightened expression.





Chapter 208 The Old Devil's Invasion Plan


Jiang Liuyue noticed that ever since the old devil had come into contact with modern technology, he seemed to have suddenly changed a lot. The Friends Circle 1 contained a lot of rumors, and the old devil, who had only just encountered modern technology, indeed lacked the ability to differentiate between them. As a result, the current old devil gave Jiang Liuyue the impression that she had an old father who believed everything in his phone's Friends Circle.

1(This is a function in WeChat which allows a user to scroll through posts put up by their friends, similar to Instagram ..) Jiang Liuyue had always thought that astrology was exaggerated... but given the old devil's identity, she didn't dare contradict him.

After a moment's silence, she could only change the topic. "Lord Devil Emperor, have you already made plans for that student military training which is coming up?"

"Of course, I've already planned everything out." Inside the stone ghost mask, the old devil smiled coldly. "My venerable self checked online, and the last time the Gate Between Worlds descended was six years ago?"

"That's right, Lord Devil Emperor," Jiang Liuyue answered pragmatically. "But not long after it descended, the demon army withdrew their troops for some unknown reason. The outside world has varying opinions on this past incident. However, there is a limit to how reliable current information is when it comes to the truth. The government claims that the demon emperor in the Gate Between Worlds was afraid of General Yi, and so decided to retreat."

"That's impossible." The old devil's denial sounded straightaway from the stone ghost mask. "Yi Jianchuan and my venerable self have known each other for a very long time, and I am well aware of his capabilities. No matter how powerful he is, it's impossible that it was to the point of making the demon emperor of the Gate Between Worlds scared enough to retreat..."

Jiang Liuyue was bewildered. "Lord Devil Emperor, why are you suddenly bringing up the Gate Between Worlds?"

"Because this is also part of my grand plan to absorb vital essences."

The old devil answered, "The full moon is in two days. My venerable self knows a magic array which can gather pure negative energy to summon the Gate Between Worlds. I'll use it as a cover, so when it descends on the world, that's when I'll carry out my plan."

The old devil didn't want to reveal himself before returning to his full strength. If he summoned the Gate Between Worlds, it was only logical that the demon race from the Gate would be blamed for whatever happened after that.

Hearing this, Jiang Liuyue completely understood; this was a plan to create a diversion.

But would they be able to carry it out smoothly this time...

Jiang Liuyue didn't dare raise a flag2, but in her heart she started to worry.

2(To 'raise a flag' is to jinx something) ...

It was June 14th, the eighth Tuesday since the start of the semester.

The day of the six schools' combined military training exercise had finally come.

Students from the six schools of Peiyuan district would be gathering together, including students from four key high schools. The hype around this combined military training exercise thus wasn't small, and it drew a lot of attention.

The chief commander responsible for leading the group this time was still Lao Gudong. When Wang Ling arrived at school in the morning, he saw dozens of buses lined up along the street outside the school gate.

At the moment, Lao Gudong was still in the morning meeting with the teachers-in-charge, while students from each class queued at the school gate under the direction of their sports committee member.

Number 60 High School's front gate still had that old stone sculpture with its indistinct features, those pitifully few palm trees, and a crowded front square. At the moment, there were more than three hundred students lined up at the gate.

In the queue, Guo Hao looked around surreptitiously. "I heard that the military instructors who will be leading each class have already arrived at the school..."

"Then where are they?" Su Xiao asked in a whisper.

"Classmate Sun Rong just came back from Number 59 High School, and I imagine she would have gathered a lot of important data after several days on exchange. She might be sharing her intelligence at the teachers' morning meeting. I heard that those instructors went with Classmate Sun Rong to the meeting..."

Guo Hao said, "I heard from one of my uncles that the instructors this time are gold-medal instructors whom Classmate Sun Rong invited using Huaguo Water Curtain Group's connections. Every one of them is supposedly a cultivator with a very high realm; they're also old soldiers who stood against the first wave of the demon race's invasion from the Gate Between Worlds in the past."

"Are they that amazing?"

"Also, they all share an important characteristic — every one of them is an experienced alchemist..." As soon as Guo Hao said this, it was as if Wang Ling could sense a hint of a familiar aura in the crowd, and for some reason, he suddenly had a bad feeling.

As expected, a ray of light flashed toward them from a distance, and in an instant, Wang Ling saw a cool-looking figure drop down from the sky.

It was a slender, handsome man with gray hair dressed in traditional attire...

...

When Immortal Toya appeared, his pose was just too cool, like that of an action movie star. Each movement dazzled the eye; even the way he dropped down from his flying sword was incomparably cool.

Of course, cultivators with higher realms wouldn't have taken any notice of his movements. Nowadays, cultivators who made movies didn't need hanging wires; those who trained in physical skills would look cool no matter how they moved.

However, in front of a group of Foundation Establishment high school students, Immortal Toya's beautiful movements along with his noble and attractive looks stirred up quite an uproar in the small square as soon as he appeared.

Standing in the queue, Wang Ling was expressionless, his face as calm as an ancient well.

But to be honest, he was feeling a little disturbed in his heart; he had completely never expected that the person who would be leading them would actually be Immortal Toya.

This was enough to prove how much importance Headmaster Chen had attached to this combined military training exercise for six schools. To emerge victorious in the military training, forty percent of it would rely on an outstanding instructor. As for the remaining sixty percent, fifty percent relied on performance and ten percent on luck.

Immortal Toya in fact didn't come cheap. Just blithely accepting an anime cosplay event would earn him millions of yuan. If someone wanted him to customize an elixir for them, apart from the booking fee to make an appointment with him, they would also have to prepare at least one billion for the refinement of the elixir... this was how much an excellent alchemist cost.

Even if the school had used Huaguo Water Curtain Group's connections to invite Immortal Toya to act as an instructor this time, Wang Ling thought they probably still had had to spend a huge amount of money behind the scenes.

While he was thinking about this, Immortal Toya was already walking over to them. His snowy-white attire fluttered as he moved, revealing tantalising glimpses of his collarbone, and the girls nearby couldn't help getting nosebleeds.

When he had landed in the small square, the young man completely hadn't sensed that his most respected Senior Ling was also in the crowd in queue.

So, when the gray-haired young man approached Grade One, Class Three's queue and met Wang Ling's gaze for a split second, his mind instantly went blank.

Ling... Ling Zhenren?

What the hell?!

Why would Ling Zhenren show up here?





Chapter 209 You Idiot!


The instant Immortal Toya saw Wang Ling, his mind went blank. It was fortunate that he didn't have a habit of falling over, otherwise this old stone sculpture which had stood at Number 60 High School's front gate for a thousand years would have completely collapsed. Worse still, everything within a radius of dozens of li around Number 60 High School would have been affected by the tremors.

A Soul Formation cultivator taking a fall was truly that terrifying...

But Immortal Toya quickly recalled that Lord Thunder had told him before that Senior Ling was currently studying in a high school for the presumed purpose of experiencing life... it was just that this young man had completely never expected that Senior Ling would choose such an ordinary-looking high school which wasn't even a key high school.

But when all was said and done, a big shot was a big shot, and ordinary people were utterly incapable of understanding such a person's thoughts.

Perhaps this was the gap between Senior Ling and him...

Immortal Toya sighed silently in his heart.

Headmaster Chen had been waiting for a long time at the main entrance of the school building. Seeing that Immortal Toya had suddenly paused at the student queue, he hurriedly came down the stairs to greet him. "Immortal, is something the matter?"

When he heard Headmaster Chen's question, the young man with gray hair instantly returned to his senses. He immediately shook his head when he saw the headmaster looking at him doubtfully. "Oh, I'm alright, I was just reminded of my past..."

It was naturally impossible for him to expose Senior Ling.

Needless to say, Immortal Toya had quick reactions; to say such nostalgic words in a place like a school really fit the scene.

There were many old cultivators who couldn't even find their alma maters anymore; after the founding of Huaxiu nation, most of those sects which had been set up by itinerant cultivators had been disbanded; only a very few had obtained government permits to operate, and they had been incorporated into the light forces.

Therefore, even if it wasn't because of Wang Ling, the young man's heart was actually rather moved.

After all, Number 60 High School was already a thousand years old.

...

At eight o'clock in the morning, a fleet of buses set off from Number 60 High School on time.

On the road, Su Xiao asked a very practical question: how was the equipment distributed on the map during the survival drill this time?

During the previous spirit sword exchange meet between Number 59 High School and Number 60 High School, it was General Yi who had put together the equipment which everyone had used.

It was a good question which Lao Gudong had initially planned to address once they arrived at their destination, but since someone had brought it up now, there was no harm in explaining it on the way.

"The magic treasures scattered on the map for the survival drill this time were also all produced by General Yi, but these are genuine articles. Because of this combined military training between six schools, plus this survival drill pilot program, General Yi started looking for specialists three months ago to create a batch of magic treasures. Since the map is larger this time, there will be tens of thousands of custom-made magic treasures," Lao Gudong explained.

"Tens of thousands of them?"

Quite a few people in the bus exclaimed in astonishment.

Forget premium magic treasures; to be able to produce tens of thousands of low-quality magic weapons in bulk within a short three months in order to make up numbers on the map was simply inconceivable.

Cupping his jaw, Guo Hao pushed up his glasses and seemed to recall something. "As far as I know, there are currently only two family factories in Huaxiu that can mass produce magic treasures."

"Which two families?" Chen Chao asked.

Guo Hao answered earnestly, "Lanxiang and New Orient."

Chen Chao was startled. "Doesn't one operate excavators and the other teach English?"

"They changed their line of work."

Guo Hao spread his hands. "Nowadays, you can't make money through excavating or through teaching English. Any Golden Core cultivator can pull down a building, why would you need an excavator? And when it comes to teaching English, after our Huaxiu nation rose to the top, the whole world is now speaking Huaxiu's language!"

Everyone: "..."

...

After about an hour on the road, the members from Number 60 High School finally arrived at a military training base on the western outskirts of Songhai city, Huaxiu nation.

This military training would last for five days and the most important event, the survival drill, would officially start the day after tomorrow. Today was for the students from the six schools to assemble together on the military base.

The base's two large iron gates, which were several dozen meters wide, slowly opened, and the buses slowly drove onto the base. This was a separate military training base which the Songhai city government had specially set up for local students. It had all the general facilities: teaching buildings, dormitories, a massive sports field as well as a training room that felt very high-tech.

For the military training, the dorms were six people to a room. Wang Ling, Chen Chao, Guo Hao and Su Xiao were together. Whether it was a coincidence or not, they were assigned to room 101 on the first floor of the dormitory building.

But the strange thing was, when Wang Ling looked at the names list for room 101, he only saw their four names.

Were the other two beds unoccupied?

Wang Ling rejected this conjecture and didn't think it was possible since all the other rooms had six people. In addition, they were in the first room of this dormitory building, so it was completely impossible for these two beds in the first room to be unoccupied.

Guo Hao had the honor this time of being the dorm leader, and when he had to go collect the necessary military supplies, he dragged Chen Chao along with him.

Key in hand, Wang Ling and Su Xiao went to the dorm. As they approached their door, Su Xiao sensed an aura in the room — someone was inside!

"It seems like someone's inside the room..." Su Xiao said feebly.

In actual fact, Wang Ling had already felt it as soon as they had stepped into the building.

He could sense that person hiding in the dorm; furthermore, this was a premeditated move.

The main thing was that he was very familiar with this person's aura.

Wang Ling gestured for Su Xiao to stand to one side of the door.

Then, he put the key in the lock and turned the doorknob.

As soon as he opened the door, a large, round shadow instantly lunged at them from inside!

"Classmate Wang Ling, watch out!"

Su Xiao almost immediately cried out in alarm at this large hidden weapon.

In the face of this black shadow flying straight at him, Wang Ling had a very calm expression on his face.

In the split second it was about to touch him, he leaned sideways and evaded it perfectly!

Then there was a "bang" as this black shadow went right through the door and smashed into the opposite wall.

After the dust dispersed, Su Xiao could finally clearly see that this black shadow which had looked like a hidden weapon was in actual fact a person.

That person had come flying out of the room wearing a helmet, and because of the massive impact, his entire head had gotten stuck in the wall...

Then, Su Xiao saw this man struggle for a long time but was unable to get his head out of the helmet.

Su Xiao: "..."

In the end, the young man in the helmet let out a feeble cry for help. "Ling, it's my bad! Hurry up and save me..."

Wang Ling sighed deeply in his heart... Wang Ming, you idiot!





Chapter 210 There Are Still Nine Other People as Awesome as General Yi


Wang Ling felt that the military training this time was a little too full of surprises. Forget Immortal Toya being their chief military instructor, even Wang Ming had appeared...

So the question was, why had Wang Ming shown up here? And who did the last bed in the room belong to?

As he thought about these questions, Wang Ling looked at Wang Ming whose entire head was in a helmet that was stuck in the wall. He sighed in his heart, then stretched out his hands to pry the wall open and very carefully pull Wang Ming out.

If he didn't pull Wang Ming out, there was a possibility that Wang Ming's peripheral nerves would die and his brain would suffocate.

After all, the most valuable thing in Wang Ming's body was his brain, though Wang Ling had always felt that this guy's IQ always went offline whenever they met!

Able to breathe fresh air at long last, Wang Ming lay gasping on the ground. After that, he sighed faintly and clenched his fists in resentment. "I never thought that the hammer spark 1 I had been planning for so long would actually fail..."

1(This is the pokemon Zudomon's attack..) Wang Ling: "..."

Su Xiao: "..."

"You must be Wang Ling's classmate?" Wang Ming dusted himself off, got to his feet, and gripped Su Xiao's hands. "I'm Wang Xiaoer, a new transfer student. It's nice to meet you!"

For some reason, Su Xiao couldn't help trembling in his heart. A person who could transfer schools halfway through the semester wouldn't have just any ordinary strength. However, he couldn't detect any aura coming off Wang Ming at all. His intuition told him that this was a very dangerous man. To actually be able to hide his aura so perfectly... this person must definitely be an expert!

Su Xiao's imagination ran wild as he shook hands with Wang Ming.

Wang Ling: "..."

You're thinking too much.

...

Wang Ling gave the key to Su Xiao and left an earth-leveling talisman at the scene for Su Xiao to use to patch up the hole which Wang Ming had made. He planned to find a quiet place where he and Wang Ming could speak alone.

The dormitory for the military training was state property, and they would definitely be held accountable if they left such a hole behind. There was no way Wang Ling wanted to be punished by a military instructor to run laps. Students of six high schools, which was thousands of spectators... this would really be too eye-catching.

Wang Ling dragged Wang Ming up to the roof of the dormitory via teleportation.

After that sneak attack just now, Wang Ming finally took the helmet off, and then pointed to the spring launchers tied around his ankles with an inscrutable expression. "I obtained some primordial black crystal; it's the hardest metal in the universe, and I thought I could use it to confuse your senses! I never thought it wouldn't work!"

Primordial black crystal?

Wang Ling stared at the helmet for a moment, stretched out his hand, and with a crack, crushed it.

"..."

After a long time, Wang Ming sighed mournfully in his heart... sure enough, they were just damn brothers on the surface!

He wanted to cry but had no tears to shed. "Ling... can you give your elder brother a little face?! I always feel like an idiot every time I show up."

Wang Ling didn't say anything, and only folded his arms as he narrowed his eyes at Wang Ming with a face full of questions.

Even without telepathy, Wang Ming also knew what Wang Ling wanted to ask.

He immediately spread his hands. "Don't look at me like that, this time I'm here on business. General Yi had the factory produce such a large number of magic artifacts in three months, so it's possible there might be some problems with the quality. I'm here with my team this time to perform repairs on the artifacts damaged during the drill."

This was the truth. Wang Ming knew that Wang Ling had the Mind-Reading Ability, so there was no point in lying to his face.

After learning of Wang Ming's purpose for being here, Wang Ling was actually very relieved. After all, Wang Ming was a cultivation muggle, and recently, Number 60 High School hadn't been very peaceful, so it would be very dangerous for him if he really were to transfer to Number 60 High School to study.

At the present stage, the best thing for Wang Ming would be to accept government protection. God knew when another younger sister of the Master of Shadow Stream would come running over again to abduct him...

To be honest, since that incident the last time, there was still lingering fear in Wang Ling's heart — if Wang Ming was gone, there would be no one to make subsequent talisman seals, and even Wang Ling himself couldn't predict what would happen in the future if he didn't have them.

Now, the hearts of these two brothers standing on the roof were in fact like mirrors to each other.

"Ah, that's right! Ling, there's one more thing that might be of interest to you," Wang Ming said suddenly. "Although the main reason my research team is here is for the maintenance of the magic artifacts, we actually have a secondary task. Two years ago, our Academy of Science developed an instrument that's able to detect abnormal fluctuations in Huaxiu nation. Just recently, this device detected a strange signal. Our preliminary guess is that this signal is likely related to the Gate Between Worlds."

Wang Ling's eyes suddenly lit up when he heard this since it already wasn't the first time he had come into contact with this gate which connected the demon and human worlds together. Moreover, he realized that there actually were a lot of people around him who were connected to it.

Old Li whom Wang Ling had rescued from the Gate three years ago was one example. Another example was Er Ha, who had dropped from the sky six years ago and had now turned into a dog.

"After the demon army withdrew six years ago, General Yi joined forces with the other nine generals to seal the Gate Between Worlds firmly shut. Logically speaking, it shouldn't appear again in the short term. Historical records of the last few times that the Gate had appeared show that it happens every one hundred years, or even after several hundred years."

Wang Ming paused at this point, then put forward his own hypothesis. "So, I think it's definitely abnormal for us to detect a fluctuation from the Gate Between Worlds, and I suspect that there's probably someone who is summoning it and planning to coordinate an offensive."

There actually was some basis for his conjecture, since the reappearance of the Gate Between Worlds this time was indeed too unusual. Who was General Yi? He was one of the Ten Founding Generals back then, and was now an Ambassador for Peace in outer space who was often sent to mediate conflict between other planets.

Even if General Yi had been alone back then, he would have been more than enough to seal the Gate Between Worlds for a hundred years.

But in that group which had joined hands to seal the Gate back then, there were still nine other people who were as awesome as General Yi!

The Ten Founding Generals had sealed it together! How strong was the seal? The goal had been to ensure that Huaxiu nation would be protected from the Gate Between Worlds for at least a thousand years.

But after just six years, fluctuations from the Gate had been detected once again — one's imagination could indeed run wild trying to figure out the reason behind it.

But Wang Ling could already guess who was behind this mischief. It was the person who most wanted to cause chaos in order to conceal the fact of his resurrection...

In any case, Wang Ling felt that it was indeed worth paying attention to this matter.





Chapter 211 A Qigong Wave Without Waves...


Wang Ming's identity as a transfer student was only a cover; after the military training drill was over, he would disappear. After the two brothers met privately on the roof, Wang Ling promised that after Wang Ming's disappearance, he would erase the memories of the people who had been around him.

As for the other unoccupied bed in the room, this was actually a deliberate decoy on Wang Ming's part. Actually, he would be the only other person staying in the room.

To avoid suspicious problems, the military instructors weren't allowed to stay with the students during the military training, and they had their own separate dormitory building.

After Guo Hao had dragged Chen Chao off to gather the military supplies and they both returned, they saw that there was one more new brother in the dorm. They instantly started chatting familiarly with him. For them to coincidentally get a transfer student during this military training period and who had also been dragged into the military training... both of them felt that Wang Ming's identity wasn't simple.

The most crucial thing was that they couldn't sense even the faintest hint of an aura on him. This aura concealment skill was really too powerful! If they used it during this survival drill, it could be a hugely advantageous weapon. In a situation where their auras couldn't be detected at all, they could become "Voldemort" and hide in the grass and wait for a chance to make a move. This was definitely a great trick for confusing the enemy!

"Which school was this brother at before?"

Chen Chao was very curious about Wang Ming's identity. Currently, they had learned from Wang Ming's mouth that he and Wang Ling had actually been neighbors who had grown up together.

It was a tacit and mutual understanding that they would hide their relationship as brothers.

After Chen Chao asked this question, everyone else looked eagerly at Wang Ming. Only Wang Ling lay on the bed with his hands under his head. He wasn't in the mood to go along with this idiocy, and he wasn't worried that Wang Ming wouldn't be able to integrate into the group.

The reason was because this guy could make friends instantly — also, he could lie casually. After all, all these "lies" had been directly made official. This manipulation was so blatant yet even the cultivation police hadn't been able to discover any clues when they had checked his ID card.

So faced with Chen Chao's question, Wang Ming answered almost without hesitation, "I studied in Xiangxieshuige in Yunding Heavenly Palace."

"Xiangxieshuige in Yunding Heavenly Palace?" Chen Chao was surprised because it was a school he had never heard of before.

Guo Hao patted his head and was also a little astonished in his heart. There were unexpectedly still things on this earth that he, Guo Hao, didn't know. He knew everything about all of the major high schools in Huaxiu nation; if there was something he was missing, there could only be one possibility.

This Xiangxieshuige in Yunding Heavenly Palace was most likely a private institution...

If it was a private institution, it was quite normal to not know about it. The government had made it compulsory for even those at the Golden Core stage to get an education, but it didn't have to be at a public school since private schools and light sects were also other alternatives. Furthermore, private institutions generally didn't accept students via online enrollment, and students got in through private connections... the main point was that those who entered these institutions were from wealthy and respectable families.

Chen Chao, Guo Hao and Su Xiao stared wide-eyed and flabbergasted at this Classmate "Wang Xiaoer" in front of them — it turned out that this guy was a big boss!

The thing cultivators liked to do most was to swap experiences. It wasn't easy to find a big boss from a private institution, and Chen Chao and the other two worshiped Wang Ming fervently; because the name on Wang Ming's card was Wang Xiaoer, Chen Chao simply called him second brother 1 . "Second brother, I want to ask, what do they teach you in a private institution?"

1('Er' is 'two' in Chinese.) Wang Ming hummed and rubbed his chin, then answered after thinking for a bit, "The Turtle Wave Heart Sutra."

"Turtle Wave Heart Sutra?" Guo Hao opened his eyes wide. "Don't tell me it's the legendary heart sutra for cultivating the Turtle Qigong Wave 2 ? This is a heavenly technique... there are only a few people in the world who are able to grasp it!"

2(This is the translation of the Chinese phrase used for the 'kamehameha' energy attack in 'Dragonball .. ') "It doesn't seem that hard." Wang Ming spread his hands. "Almost everyone in our school can basically do it. And let me tell you, the Turtle Qigong Wave is actually already out-of-date. It has too much momentum; as soon as you release it, the enemy is already able to detect it from a distance. Even if a technique looks showy, what use is it if it can't defeat someone?!"

"That's true..." The three people nodded noncommittedly.

Wang Ming: "So now in the 'Turtle Wave Heart Sutra' and using the Turtle Qigong Wave as a base, there's a kind of qigong wave which our headmaster invented that can take someone down from thousands of li away without a sound and without causing any fluctuations."

The three were petrified. "There is such an operation? What qigong wave is this? What's it called?"

Wang Ming's eyes were slitted mysteriously, then he said two words, "Non-Showy Wave!"

"Non-Showy Wave?"

They were dumbfounded.

What kind of cultivation technique was this?

It was actually called Non-Showy Wave?

Wang Ming continued, "Like I said just now, releasing a qigong wave without sound or even the slightest fluctuation is for the sake of looking less showy."

After he said this, he slowly stood up. Looking out the window, he slowly took off his coat to reveal a sinewy body, then pointed to a red mark on his back. "For the sake of cultivating this technique, your second brother suffered a lot. The headmaster threw me deep into the mountain forest where I drank dew when I was thirsty, ate grasshoppers when I hungry, and wrestled with spirit beasts every day. This red mark is from when I was struck a blow while cultivating."

Wang Ling dug at his ears and almost couldn't continue listening, because that red mark was actually just a birthmark!

Hearing Wang Ming's words, Chen Chao and the others sucked in sharp breaths and were crazy excited. "Second brother, you're too awesome!"

Wang Ming put his clothes back on and there was an unusually deep look in his eyes. Like the main character in Kung Fu Hustle who in the end defeated the Beast with his Buddhist Palm, he put his hands behind his back and calmly looked at the three people who were gazing at him in awe. "If you want to learn, I can teach you..."

And so, with this type of supreme bluff, Wang Ming had already completely played these three individuals in a mere ten minutes of interaction.

"Second brother, second brother, when can you explain the principle of this Non-Showy Wave to us?"

"Second brother, what is the basic formula for the 'Turtle Wave Heart Sutra'? Can you teach us? When we're cultivating it, is there any specific point which we need to pay attention to?"

"Points that need attention? No." Wang Ming smiled with a very gentle expression. "As long as you follow me in your cultivation, I guarantee that all of you will be able to achieve super high scores in the martial arts section of the college entrance examination!"

After he said this, he didn't forget to look at Wang Ling on the upper bunk. "This brother upstairs, aren't you also going to take me as your master?"

Wang Ling: "..."

I'll just silently watch you be a pretentious prick...





Chapter 212 'Fashionable' Patriarch Reliance


Whether the military training exercise could be considered a large-scale operation or not depended on the amount of money that had been invested into it and on the leaders who had come to observe the proceedings this time.

There were quite a lot of leaders present for the six schools' combined military training exercise this time. Zhuo Yi was here as a representative of the General Administration of 100 Schools, and Secretary Dakang of the Alliance of Ten Thousand Schools had also come. Additionally, all the headmasters of the six schools had come to serve as supervisors.

The number of students involved this time was quite large. The military training exercise was admittedly important, but the students' safety was likewise a priority.

At noon, Immortal Toya was called to another meeting. As the chief instructor for the military training this time, he also had an important responsibility to help ensure the students' safety.

In the meeting room, Secretary Dakang, Zhuo Yi, Headmaster Jin of Number 59 High School, Headmaster Chen of Number 60 High School, Headmaster Qian of Jiancai High School, Headmaster Sun of Shenye High School and Headmaster Hong of Jinyuan High School, these two great leaders and five headmasters, had all come together.

"Why isn't Headmaster Yue of Reliance High School here yet?" Sitting on a long bench in the middle of the conference room, Secretary Dakang locked his fingers together and rested his chin on them. He frowned, a little unhappy.

"I heard that Patriarch Reliance 1 just came out from seclusion; he's on his way here now." As Reliance High School's alliance partner this time, Headmaster Hong of Jinyuan High School mediated the situation.

1(Patriarch Reliance is actually the name of a character from the wuxia novel "I Shall Seal the Heavens .. ") "I knew that that brat would definitely be late..." The old Secretary sighed. "In those days, he was a seclusion maniac. Thinking back to before Reliance High School was set up, this guy established Reliance Sect and found a mountain to build it on. He pulled some elders and high-ranking officials over, then went into seclusion. When he came out of seclusion several hundred years later, he didn't even know how many disciples there were in the sect."

Headmasters: "..."

"Are Secretary Dakang and this Senior Patriarch Reliance from the same sect? How do you know all this?" Immortal Toya asked curiously on one side.

"How could we possibly be from the same sect? I know this naturally because of the establishment of Reliance High School back then. It was because of a problem with the high school that I had had a lot of contact with him before." The old Secretary pressed his lips together. His gaze swept over everyone present as he smiled. "You all know that every school in Huaxiu nation has to be endorsed by our Alliance of Ten Thousand Schools, right?"

Everyone nodded. "Of course."

The old Secretary said, "This endorsement naturally takes a while to process as it has to go through the government departments. After the application for setting up a school is submitted, the general examination and approval procedure takes fifteen working days."

Headmaster Chen nodded. "That's right, it indeed takes that long. In addition, the headmaster applying to set up the school has to show up in person to sign and provide a fingerprint, and to register the school's address on the spot. Only then is the application approved."

"That was the problem."

Secretary Dakang smiled bitterly. "Back then, whenever Patriarch Reliance submitted his application papers, he would go into seclusion after that, and it would be for a hundred years each time..."

Headmasters: "..."

Secretary Dakang: "The main problem was that this guy would resubmit his papers each time after coming out of seclusion, and then he couldn't help himself from going back in... in this way, our Alliance of Ten Thousand Schools received six applications one after another, and it took six hundred years for Reliance High School's application to be confirmed. If it hadn't been for these six hundred years, it would have been an old school that would be one thousand years old by now..."

Headmasters: "..."

There was silence in the conference room for a long time.

After about five or six minutes, Zhuo Yi's cellphone finally rang. "It's news from Patriarch Reliance! A text message!"

Secretary Dakang: "Oh? What did he say?"

"He said..."

Seeing the content of the text message, Zhuo Yi's expression looked very unsightly. After a silent moment of consideration, in the end, he still read out Patriarch Reliance's message: "Damn it! I just came out of seclusion, how can everyone be so quiet? Don't you surf the Internet? How many hunks and beauties are there today? Is my favorite Cailian Zhenren there? I hear Immortal Toya is also there today? It's this type of talented junior that I like. I'm still on the road, I'll see you later, mwah mwah !"

After Zhuo Yi finished reading, everyone in the room instantly drew in sharp breaths.

"..." Immortal Toya wiped at his sweat. Hearing that Patriarch Reliance actually had a good impression of him, he felt a little flattered in his heart, but also questioned how accurate the text was. "Director Zhuo... is this really from Senior Patriarch Reliance?"

Zhuo Yi opened the profile photo, and after repeatedly confirming it, nodded his head to everyone's incredulity. "It's absolutely true, it's real."

"..."

Everyone instantly felt that Patriarch Reliance's image had collapsed a little...

Grand Patriarch Reliance was actually such an unconventional person! Was it because the Internet signal on Reliance Mountain was poor, and had only just been connected in the village?

"You don't have to doubt it. That is unmistakably Patriarch Reliance's tone." The corner of Secretary Dakang's mouth twitched. "Although Patriarch Reliance is a seclusion maniac, his chosen seclusion spot for many years has been his hometown, Reliance Village. The village's Internet signal is indeed not very good."

Everyone: "..."

Secretary Dakang: "But most regretfully... Patriarch Reliance has all along always thought himself a very fashionable person."

Everyone: "..."

...

Another ten minutes passed, but Headmaster Yue of Reliance High School, Patriarch Reliance, had yet to show up.

Zhuo Yi looked at his messages on his cellphone and saw that Patriarch Reliance had sent a second message. "Patriarch Reliance was in seclusion for a long time, and didn't know that there's an odd-even license plate regulation in effect now. It seems that he had been speeding on his flying sword on the road, and was arrested. Right now, he's still sorting it out at the police station."

Everyone: "..."

The old Secretary, who had been waiting a little impatiently, simply and directly took charge of the meeting. He turned to look at Headmaster Hong on one side. "Ignore him, let's start our meeting first. Little Hong, your Jinyuan High School and Reliance High School are in an alliance this time. If anything comes up in the meeting, you'll be responsible for passing the information on."

"Yes, Secretary." Headmaster Hong nodded.

The meeting officially began.

The old Secretary looked inside the little notebook he had prepared. He had put down a number of issues that they had to discuss in relation to the military training exercise. After all, this survival drill was a pilot program which the six schools were participating in, so there were actually still a lot of holes in it. What they had to do now in this discussion was to find these holes in time and fill them.

"General Yi has attached great importance to this exercise. Starting three months ago, he specially customized a large number of magic artifacts to be placed on the map for the students to use. This will greatly test the students' ability to adapt and to use a magic artifact in flexible ways."

The old Secretary said, "However, given the fact that some of the magic artifacts require more complex operation, it won't be easy for students to use them, and studying them may take a long time. Our group of experts think that this could significantly slow down the drill's pace. What do you think?"





Chapter 213 All of You Have Overlooked a Bug


The question which the old Secretary had raised was certainly not a superfluous one. If the magic artifacts weren't easy to use, it would indeed greatly slow down the pace. The group of experts had predicted that from beginning to end, after over ten thousand people battled it out on the map to be the last ones standing and the outcome of the contest was decided, the survival drill would take three days. This deadline would force students to enhance their ability to adapt and to work with one another. At the same time, this was the optimal time limit to ensure that it would be an exciting drill.

But if the magic artifacts as an unpredictable factor would have an impact on the time limit, that would be disastrous.

"How about limited drops of instruction manuals near the map?" Immortal Toya immediately asked.

Secretary Dakang nodded. "I also thought about that. Moreover, we can make it into something like an electronic illustrated handbook. Students only need to scan a magic artifact, and the handbook will automatically explain it to them. This can also help students understand the characteristics of each magic artifact. What do you think?"

Headmaster Jin of Number 59 High School shook his head. "I have no objections."

"No objections." The others agreed one after another.

"Good, then that's settled." The old Secretary looked at the little notebook. "Then the next issue has to do with the number of people participating in the survival drill. In total, there are over ten thousand students, but the students from Number 59 High School and Number 60 High School together add up to less than eight hundred."

This issue of parity in the military exercise was in fact a very serious one.

"How can it be so little?" Headmaster Sun of Shenye High School frowned.

Headmaster Chen sighed pitifully. "Even though right now we are key city candidates, we naturally can't compare with true key city high schools. Our annual enrollment numbers are limited. Four hundred new enrollments is already the most we get every year..."

With his remark, Headmaster Chen had laid bare the problem. A key city high school, on the other hand, could easily get a thousand enrollments every year.

The other headmasters all had helpless expressions. They had actually overlooked such a problem. Even though a big highlight of this military training exercise was the contest between two key city high school candidates against four key city high schools, if student numbers weren't equal, there in fact wouldn't be any point to this competition.

"That's why now, we can only come up with checks and balances in other ways," the old Secretary said. "In our survival drill this time, the students will be sent into the sky above the map using a magic array, and then they will be dropped together. I have a suggestion... what do you think about setting up the array so that the students of Number 59 High School and Number 60 High School are dropped in zones where the magic artifacts are more concentrated?"

"I have no objections."

Headmaster Hong of Jinyuan High School added, "This is indeed an unfair situation; I think we can also give each child from Number 60 High School and Number 59 High School an illustrated handbook of the magic artifacts. What do you think?"

The other headmasters nodded their heads again. "Mm, that would be fine. We have no complaints."

It was only eight hundred people; in the eyes of these headmasters, it was utter nonsense to think that this eight hundred could stand against over nine thousand students from the other four schools combined.

"..."

It was only Immortal Toya whose lips couldn't help but twitch slightly.

There were only eight hundred students in total from Number 59 High School and Number 60 High School... but among them was Ling Zhenren this bug in the system!

Immortal Toya felt that he could already see this story's ending.

"When will the transmission begin?" Headmaster Chen asked after they had more or less discussed everything.

The old Secretary looked at the time and replied, "We'll start tonight at six o'clock."

"So soon? Don't the students have training?"

"It's only in unexpected situations that we can test these children's ability to adapt. As for the conventional military training, that can be carried out after the drill," said the old Secretary.

Saying that, he turned his gaze to Zhuo Yi. "Is the transmission array ready?"

Zhuo Yi nodded seriously. "Yes, everything's been prepared. Before the children arrived at the military base, the transmission array had already been secretly set up around the dormitory building. Once the array is activated, all the students in the dormitory will be instantly sent to the map for the drill this time."

Some of the headmasters were a little astonished when they heard this. They had initially thought that the students would need to assemble first before everyone entered the magic array together; they had completely never expected this type of operation. This meant that the students would be sent directly to the map completely unprepared.

Speaking up to this point, Zhuo Yi sighed lightly. "The only thing we're missing now is the signature of Reliance High School's Headmaster Yue. Once he signs, we'll be able to activate the array."

"Hm... call him right away. Tell him this is an order: I want him here in ten minutes. Otherwise, Reliance High School will straightaway lose the right to practice in the drill! And Little Zhuozi, tell him that if he isn't here in ten minutes, his Reliance High School will very likely be demoted next year," said the old Secretary.

Zhuo Yi: "Would this be too severe?"

"Not at all." Secretary Dakang shook his head in pain and let out a sigh with deep feelings only he could understand. "He's at the police station now, right? I'm worried that in the time he's drinking tea, he'll start thinking about going into seclusion."

Everyone: "..."

...

The sky in the western outskirts of Songhai city was crowded with stars. That evening, all the students were called back into the dormitory to fill in their camp handbooks with their details.

Wang Ling knew that this had been deliberately arranged by the headmasters of the six schools with the purpose of gathering all the students inside the dormitory.

He had already earlier on discovered the magic array which had been set up around the dormitory building. The survival drill this time was definitely going to be a sudden ambush; what the six headmasters were plotting in their hearts was clear as crystal to Wang Ling.

The only thing that worried him a little was those exotic magic treasures which General Yi had developed. God knew what kind of crazy stuff they could pick up on the map this time.

After filling in his handbook, he sat thinking on the bed. At that moment, there was movement outside the door — it was Wang Ming returning with his three new little brothers.

"Second brother, please take a seat!" As soon as they entered the room, Chen Chao pulled a chair out like a lackey for Wang Ming to sit in, then looked at Guo Hao and Su Xiao. "You two, go and pour second brother a glass of water!"

He then rolled up his sleeves and planned to help Wang Ming massage his shoulders. Just as he placed his hands on Wang Ming's shoulders, the other man straightaway shivered. "What are you doing?"

He turned his head to look at Chen Chao.

Chen Chao answered truthfully, "Second brother just showed us how to cultivate the Non-Showy Wave, and it must have been hard on you. Our family is into physical education, and I learned from my dad how to knead acupuncture points. I just want to help second brother massage your shoulders."

"It's fine, it's fine, I'm not tired..."

As Wang Ming said this, he actually felt a little diffident.

Given his muggle body, he was keenly aware of what the consequences would be if this person at the Foundation Establishment stage massaged his shoulders.

He couldn't help sweating. He had just narrowly avoided having the bones in his shoulders shatter...





Chapter 214 My Contemporaries Make Me Look Evil in Contrast


It was still June 14th and it was already five o'clock in the evening.

From arriving at the military training base to applying for military supplies and then to filling in the handbook, today's activities didn't seem so packed, which actually made many students think that the military training this time wouldn't be as tough as they'd imagined; as long as they got a good ranking for their schools during this survival drill, that should be fine.

In the dorm, the students of Number 59 High School and Number 60 High School had been housed in the same section. Some were consulting each other on battle tactics while others were chatting idly. The overall atmosphere was very relaxed.

At about half past five, Lao Gudong came to the rooms to check that all the students in the dorm were accounted for and make sure that none of them had been overlooked outside the dorm. Furthermore, he gave each person something: an electronic illustrated handbook the size of a person's palm.

But he didn't explain what it was for, and went off with a latiao stuck in his mouth.

After studying it for a while, Chen Chao still hadn't figured it out.

"Second brother, do you know what this is?" he asked.

Hands folded behind his head, Wang Ming's chair was tilted as he leaned back against the wall, his two long, straight legs crossed on the desk. He raised his eyes to give it an idle look, then promptly replied, "Isn't it an electronic illustrated handbook? General Yi had gotten so many magic treasures produced en masse this time, so there are bound to be some that you wouldn't know how to use. This illustrated handbook will probably prove very convenient once we enter the map."

Saying this, Wang Ming smiled faintly. "Furthermore, this is probably something only our Number 60 High School and Number 59 High School have. The other four schools wouldn't have gotten it. The combined number of students from our two schools is just eight hundred in total, while the other four schools together have over nine thousand students. The numbers are simply not equal. This is most likely a handicap which the headmasters of the six schools devised after discussing it among themselves."

The people in the dorm raised their heads, eyes instantly lighting up. There was even this type of operation?

"But can we really bring this thing in? I heard that after entering the magic array, it will by default block anything that's in storage space on the body, and won't allow magic treasures to be brought into the map," said Su Xiao.

Wang Ming narrowed his eyes and smiled. "It's fine, the array has already been set up, so this electronic illustrated handbook isn't part of its filter scope."

At this moment, even Guo Hao had no choice but to admire how knowledgeable this second brother Wang Ming was. Even he, the gossip expert, hadn't known this matter, but this second brother had actually known of it.

Wang Ling: "..."

What rubbish, it was Wang Ming who had drawn out the blueprint for this magic array; it would be odd if this guy didn't know about it!

...

Time flew by, and it was close to 5:55 pm when the two Wang family brothers opened their eyes at the same time.

They could both sense that the magic array outside the dormitory building was in the start-up phase.

Wang Ling secretly opened his Heavenly Eye, and noticed that this round array wasn't just any ordinary size, it was massive; it included almost all the dormitory buildings on the military training base. Furthermore, the array's structure was complicated and mutable; even first-class array masters wouldn't have been able to set up this array under six months.

In fact, Wang Ming had started drawing up the plans two years ago. Though he didn't have spirit energy, he had played a key role in deploying the advanced mathematical operations and various complex formulas required to design the magic array.

It was such a large array; using the Heavenly Eye to do a simple sweep of it, Wang Ling could already see a mix of several hundred thousand formula designs. Only the strongest brain could have done this; a regular person really wouldn't have been able to take it.

This magic array was linked to a small world that had been created by an Almighty cultivator. Judging from the array's structure alone, Wang Ling knew that time flowed at a different pace in the small world compared with outside.

Wang Ming got up and stood by the window as he looked at the faint glimmer of light outside. It looked a little like the light of an incandescent lamp, but actually, it was the light emitted during the operation phase of the array. He mentally calculated that the array would be completely activated in three minutes.

Taking a deep breath, Wang Ming checked the people in the dorm and noticed that Guo Hao had disappeared. He pointed to Guo Hao's bed. "Where is he? "

Chen Chao: "Guo Hao said he had a stomachache, so he went to the toilet."

Wang Ling: "..."

Wang Ming: "..."

...

At the same time, a dark space tunnel opened on the top of the dormitory building. Two hands stretched out of the tunnel to push its edges apart, and a figure struggled its way out.

"Finally, we made it."

Using Jiang Liuyue's body, the old devil had arrived.

In the stone ghost mask, Jiang Liuyue sensed the massive magic array around the dormitory building and was a little surprised. "This array is truly a masterpiece; an Almighty had to have been involved, otherwise there is no way this could have been set up. Furthermore, I can faintly sense that there are experts in the vicinity; the headmasters of the six schools and the Secretary of the Alliance of Ten Thousand Schools have gathered here. Senior, are you sure about this?"

"My venerable self heard that one of the six school headmasters is Patriarch Reliance? Given my present state, apart from Patriarch Reliance and the old Secretary... I don't have to worry about the others." The old devil let out a hmph . "My last two defeats were because my venerable self had underestimated that junior called Killer Taoist. As long as that junior doesn't show up to upset things, there's nothing to be worried about."

"That man seems to be connected to the cultivation forum." Jiang Liuyue smiled bitterly in the stone ghost mask. "The last few times this person appeared was because our matter involved the cultivation forum's Great Death-Courting Senior. Senior shouldn't need to be so apprehensive today."

"That's right."

The old devil nodded, and with a flash of spirit light, a blue flag appeared in his hand.

An array-guiding flag?

Jiang Liuyue was amazed in her heart. The array-guiding flag was a very practical magic treasure which could move a pre-existing magic array's location to a completely different one in an instant.

But she had also heard that in the past, an unlawful person had used this flag and triggered a huge catastrophe. Therefore, as early as one thousand years ago, the array-guiding flags on the market had all disappeared. Worst of all, they weren't sold even in the black market or auction houses!

It had to be said that the old devil was in the end the old devil. There were few people who could wield so many ancient treasures.

"My venerable self has already set up an array in my small world to connect to the Gate Between Worlds."

Holding the array-guiding flag, the old devil sneered. "When my venerable self sneaks in alongside the students into the small world where the drill will be held, I'll use the array-guiding flag to open the Gate Between Worlds in that small world undetected. Then my venerable self will take advantage of this opportunity to absorb the vitality of thousands of students, thereby entering this world once again."

Speaking up to this point, the old devil chuckled. "Do you know why my venerable self was labeled the first devil in history?"

Jiang Liuyue: "Why?"

"Because there was no one else as vicious as me."

The old devil said, "The reason why my venerable self can cause panic among the masses is because my contemporaries weren't as wicked, so they made me look evil in contrast."

Jiang Liuyue: "..."





Chapter 215 Guo Hao Spiraling Into the Sky


What the old devil said was in fact true. Anyone could stand out in their respective field depending on how they measured up against their contemporaries.

There was some basis for this thinking, as every villain in history could demonstrate. Some tried to reach a deceitful compromise with the main character through a PY trade, but it backfired on them and got them killed; some pretended to accept disciples with the intent of devouring their souls and flesh, but in the end they failed and self-destructed; and some held their banners high before battle, thinking that they would definitely win, but in the end they were beaten up so badly that even their own mothers couldn't recognize them.

The old devil thought, moreover, that all villains shared a distinctive characteristic: they talked too much...

...

With less than a few minutes to go before the array was activated, Guo Hao was still clutching his stomach in pain in the military training dorm toilets. He didn't know what he had eaten today that was inexplicably causing his stomach to hurt.

He crouched over the squat toilet, hands gripping the wall handles on both sides and his entire person looked like it was about to collapse.

What on earth had he eaten?

He felt that his brain had already lost its ability to think.

Oh... right.

Just as he was about to completely collapse, he remembered something.

It wasn't something that he had eaten today. He recalled when he had walked through the school corridor yesterday, and he had eaten a new dish which Mother Juan had created. It had been a rice dish, where she had turned the rice into shaved ice. Mother Juan had even given it a very nice-sounding name, "fan bing bing 1 ." Back then, she had been trialing this dish in the corridor...

1(This literally translates into 'rice ice ice,' and is a homophone of the name of a famous Chinese actress.) The issue was that he had only eaten one mouthful! Also, he hadn't felt any discomfort at the time.

Covering his stomach, Guo Hao wanted to cry but had no tears to shed.

At that moment, he was amazed to discover that Mother Juan's black cuisine had been elevated once again... it now actually had a delayed effect, which was just too scary!

...

The minutes ticked by, and when Guo Hao looked weakly at the time, he discovered that it was almost six o'clock. He had already been in the toilet for more than ten minutes...

It was at that moment that he saw the tiles under his feet unexpectedly start to tremble slightly.

An earthquake?

Guo Hao felt it was doubtful; the tremors didn't feel strong enough to be an earthquake.

Just then, he saw a white light shine through the partition cracks from the next cubicle.

Na... nani 2 ?!

2('Nani' means 'what' in Japanese.) Guo Hao was so scared he pissed, and in the next moment, he felt his body gradually become nothingness as he followed a dense rolling cloud of mist ahead of him. He could feel himself being dragged down an endless passage toward a new map by a strange force.

Am I crossing over?

By the time he reacted, he could already feel strong blasts of wind blowing between his legs.

He was astonished when he realized that he had actually been directly teleported while he had been taking a dump, and now, he was spiraling into the sky 3 with bare buttocks...

3(This is probably a reference to a scene from the fantasy anime "Kobayashi-san Chi no Maid Dragon .. ") ...

In the conference room of the military training base on the western outskirts of Songhai city, the old Secretary sat on a long bench and looked at the big TV screen in front of him. In the lower right corner of the screen was a radar, and it showed countless red dots densely packed together. "The transmission array has already been activated, right? Have the numbers been confirmed?"

"Yes, they've already been confirmed." Standing next to the old Secretary, Zhuo Yi was reporting the details. "Before the transmission array was officially opened, we had already asked the teachers leading their school teams to carefully confirm that all the students were filling in the camp handbook inside the dorm. Some of them weren't in their rooms, but they were in the toilets... no one was overlooked."

The old Secretary nodded. "Mm, that's good."

In... the toilet?

In the conference room, several of the headmasters couldn't help the way the corners of their mouths twitched.

They could already imagine the shock of the students who were suddenly transported away while still taking a dump or peeing. In this situation, would they be so scared that they'd suck their shit or piss right back in?

The old Secretary laughed. "An unexpected situation, now that's reality. Don't we need to really see the students for who they are?"

"The old Secretary is right..."

Zhuo Yi sweated a little. "Currently, they are in the ascending stage. After the array sends them to the map, it will automatically direct them up to a height of five kilometers, and finally let them all down at the same time, leaving them free to choose where they want to land."

"What about safety? Are there any problems?"

"Rest assured, old Secretary, General Yi personally set up this small world. Their descent will be slowed down once they are a hundred meters from the ground."

Zhuo Yi continued reporting the situation. "The instructors in charge of the survival drill have also entered the map; their radar signals are blue. As the chief commander, Senior Immortal Toya will ensure that the students remain safe during the drill. The magic artifacts were all specially created for the small world. Once the small world judges that a student's vital point has been hit, the body will emit green smoke, and the student will be considered out."

The rules for survival and the elimination mechanism this time were actually easy to understand, and were simpler than those for the previous spirit sword exchange meet.

As Director of the General Administration of 100 Schools in Songhai city, it could be said that Zhuo Yi had worked his heart out on this plan; from the moment the higher-ups had given him this task, he had spared no effort in formulating the process and guidelines this time, and had come up with contingency plans for every kind of situation that might happen.

This was because he knew that shifu was a person who had always disliked troublesome matters, and liked to keep a low profile...

But however meticulously prepared a plan was, it was almost impossible for it to be perfectly soundproof.

Standing next to the old Secretary, Zhuo Yi's face looked a little troubled. "Secretary Dakang, I've just received information saying that there are fluctuations coming from the Gate Between Worlds again, and the coordinates are near us."

Gate Between Worlds?

The old Secretary frowned, feeling that this was a bit too much of a coincidence. With a solemn expression, he lowered his head and said, "Back then, General Yi and I joined hands in a group of ten people to seal the Gate Between Worlds. Under normal circumstances, it's impossible to undo the seal on the Gate in such a short time. I have a feeling that someone is causing mischief behind the scenes."

"The fact that the coordinates of the Gate's fluctuations are so close to us is bad."

"It'll be terrible if it's dangerous to the children."

"Old Secretary, should we call for reinforcements?"

"We can keep that as a contingency plan, let's check the situation first." The old Secretary waved his hand and frowned as he said, "In any case, the headmasters of the six schools and I are here. We must be fully responsible for the safety of the students."

Zhuo Yi was extremely surprised; he had completely never expected that the old Secretary would actually use reinforcements as a backup plan. "Is the Gate Between Worlds truly that terrifying?"

"When the demon army retreated back then, ten of us joined hands to shut the Gate. After that, we calculated that our combined power had been almost a billion jin , which had been barely enough for us to push the Gate shut. But each of us had held some power in reserve and we hadn't used all of our strength since we hadn't expected the Gate to be that heavy..."

The old Secretary looked like he was reminiscing about a lot of things, then he got up and sighed. "If the Gate Between Worlds reappears, I'll shut it at all costs, even if I have to sacrifice this old life. If the demon army rises up once again, that will be very bad for us."





Chapter 216 Wang Ming's Counterattack


The survival world was large and boundless.

This was a small world which General Yi had specially prepared, and the spirit energy here was very abundant. As soon as the students entered this small world, they were slowly lifted up in the air by the array's power before finally stopping at a distance of about five kilometers above the ground.

Using his Heavenly Eye, Wang Ling found the boundary support in the center of the small world; at the very top of the boundary support was a flat plateau, and it was surrounded by a lot of rugged mountain roads. He realized that these roads had all been designed to allow people to reach the mountain plateau. For someone with a long-range magic weapon, the summit of the boundary support would be an advantageous position for an ambush. Beyond the boundary support was an urban area, with various tall buildings and replicated landmarks.

Apart from that, Wang Ling also noticed that past the horizon of the small world in all directions, at the furthest point that the Heavenly Eye could see, there was a black, dense fog which hovered beyond the sea.

This dense fog wasn't some kind of demon spirit, but was also an elimination mechanism of the competition system. After everyone had touched down, this black fog would slowly begin to roll in. There was a very high chance that those who zealously continued fighting or who got carried away with collecting magic treasures would be engulfed by the black fog. The small world would then automatically consider them eliminated.

This military training exercise thus not only tested the students' ability to adapt, but would also teach them to know when to act; the Foundation Establishment stage was the period when students were introduced more fully to cultivation, and for cultivators at this stage, the biggest weakness was greed.

The sky's wide expanse was scattered with fully over ten thousand people as one by one they appeared in position. Looking around indifferently, Wang Ling noticed many of his schoolmates as well as allies from Number 59 High School.

He couldn't see his idiot second brother's figure, and even Chen Chao and the others had been sent to who knew where.

Well, whatever...

Wang Ling kneaded his brow. Anyway, it would be enough to just lay low and slowly develop 1 in this competition like Teacher Pan had said to do.

1(A reminder that this term as used in gaming refers to a character gaining experience.) He didn't want to fight anyone, because he knew that in the outside world, that bunch of people in the surveillance room could follow each student's movement by radar; he didn't want his performance to be too obvious.

Quite a long period of time passed.

He realized that the array was starting to fluctuate again, and everyone who had been frozen in place high in the sky began to fall.

In the end, Wang Ling landed securely in a desert; it had the least number of people, so he could avoid most of the students participating in the competition.

Of course, he wasn't the only one with this idea. Roughly over a hundred people had chosen to land in the desert outside the city.

The competition would be the most intense in the city center, and it was very likely that magic treasures were already starting to be snatched up in a frenzy as soon as people landed. Those who had chosen the desert for the sake of survival were planning to wait for the "drop as boxes" 2 , since according to the competition rules, after the small world had determined someone was out, survivors could pick up all the magic treasures which the eliminated person had been carrying.

2(In the online multiplayer game "PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds," when a player is killed in the first ten seconds of appearing in the game, they turn into boxes that fall to the ground.) Let's see what's nearby first...

Wang Ling sighed in his heart. Though there were more than a hundred people in the desert, at the moment there was no sign of them.

The desert environment was terrible. It was over thirty degrees hotter here than in the city center. It was deathly lonely, with the wind whistling endlessly, stirring up the sand, and not even a weed to be seen.

If a person couldn't find something like a flying sword to pick up here, the black fog on the horizon would spread to this area, and whoever was in the desert would be dead for sure given the distance from here to the city center.

Just as Wang Ling was about to start looking around his surroundings, the sand under his feet suddenly caved in, and a hole the size of a person appeared. Then, following a spirit light, Wang Ming actually climbed out of the hole..

An underground escape talisman?

Wang Ming pulled off the painfully tight safety goggles. "As expected, I'm still not very familiar with using spirit talismans... the underground escape talisman is not very suitable for use in sand. If I hadn't been careful, I would probably have been buried before I could climb out."

Wang Ling stared at this hole in the sand, lost in deep thought. "..." This guy didn't have spirit energy, so how could he have used a spirit talisman?

"In the team I brought with me this time, I'm the only one who can't use spirit energy. But General Yi gave me this." Saying that, Wang Ming pulled out a golden talisman from his pants pocket and said a little gleefully, "General Yi personally made this talisman, which is connected to his spirit energy as a source. As long as I have this on me, I'll be able to use magic artifacts. But there's a time limit to it, which is just a few days... today, I, your elder brother, can finally launch a counterattack!"

Wang Ling: "..."

As he spoke, Wang Ming rolled up his sleeve to reveal his wristwatch. This was a watch that only internal staff members had. To prevent the possibility of students exchanging information with each other, the array had already filtered out their wristwatches before sending them here.

"I've just blocked your signal, so now you don't have to worry about your actions being monitored by the people outside. And look..." Wang Ming made use of the simple positioning system on the wristwatch, and a disc appeared in the air. This was in fact a radar. "Ling, there seems to be quite a few people nearby. Do you want to go ambush them and accept a delivery 3 ?"

3(This is a gaming term meaning to kill others and take their inventory ..) Speaking up to this point, he patted Wang Ling on the shoulder and gave him a brilliant smile which showed off his gleaming white teeth. "Don't worry, brother will protect you!"

Wang Ling was stupefied. "..."

How did a maintenance worker like you suddenly become a player?!

...

The two brothers walked on. They crossed a sand dune and found some cacti scattered in the desert ahead of them.

The desert was so hot that there hadn't even been a stalk of weed in the area Wang Ling had landed in earlier. The appearance of these cacti here then could already be considered a unique landscape scene in this desert.

They hid behind an unscientifically huge cactus for a bit, but after thirty minutes or so, there still wasn't any sign of anyone else.

Though the distance was very far, Wang Ling could already hear sounds of an intense "firefight" happening in the city center. That was the sound of various magic treasures colliding with each other; it had been less than half an hour since they had arrived in this small world, and already roughly several hundred people had been eliminated.

The current number of people remaining was clearly written in the air above the boundary support's Pingding 4 Mountain: 9723... and the number kept declining.

4('Pingding' translates to 'flat roof') In the desert, on the other hand, there wasn't the slightest bit of movement; if it wasn't because Wang Ling could still sense these people's auras, or if Wang Ming hadn't been able to see their signals on the radar, no one would have thought that there were actually still a hundred people here.

Most importantly, this was a desert! The place with the worst environment in the whole of the small world...

After about an hour, Wang Ling raised his head. The wind was still whistling through the desert and kicking up sand, and there was a field of clouds above his head, but as far as the eye could see, there wasn't even an ant around.

At this unexpected tranquility, Wang Ming couldn't help looking at the sky as he began to doubt his life: this was just too damn calm!





Chapter 217 Ouqimanman


All his life, Wang Ming had never experienced what it was like to personally wield a magic treasure, so this was actually a rare opportunity for him.

Unfortunately, his fantasy of fighting back had already hit a wall before it had even gotten off the ground.

This bunch of people were really too good at laying low!

For a full hour and a half, there wasn't even the slightest movement — even the red dots on the radar hadn't moved. It looked like everyone was planning to keep still and wait to accept a delivery! Moreover, there wasn't a single magic treasure on the ground as far as the eye could see; this location was the worst and horribly bare!

Time flowed at a different rate in the small world. Although the military training drill was to last three days, that was according to time in the outside world. If you could lay low while that toxic fog continued to close in, you could at the very least end up ranked in the top one hundred.

They had to find a way to stir up things; this was much too boring!

Wang Ling knew that this mad scientist cousin of his had never been a person who could remain inactive for very long.

Just as this idiot second brother was lamenting in his heart about how boring it was, suddenly there was a bright light high up in the air, and a square box slowly drifted down.

An airdrop?

"There could be something good in it," Wang Ming said. "According to the law of checks and balances in this drill, this desert is probably the place with the fewest magic treasures, so if an airdrop happens here, the things inside must be very valuable! Talismans, elixirs... there might even be snacks!"

Wang Ling: "..."

Wait... snacks?!

Wang Ming cupped his chin and smiled as he looked at Wang Ling. "Snacks were my idea. When we were creating the airdrops, I got them to put large snack gift packs inside. These will help people to keep calm and break up the loneliness of long waits. Oh, by the way... there are crispy noodle snacks in the gift pack. Want to check it out?"

For some reason, Wang Ling, who had had an indifferent attitude toward this survival contest since the beginning, suddenly became a little more interested.

...

It had to be said that Wang Ming's trick had been brilliant.

Now that they had a target, he noticed that Wang Ling's attitude was now a lot more serious compared with his indifference before. It was clear that previously, he had just been using his Heavenly Eye lazily, but now he was keeping it open the whole time as they forged forward in the direction of the airdrop.

Wang Ming knew that for Wang Ling to keep his Heavenly Eye open for long periods of time was actually very difficult. This was because his Heavenly Eye was a little special; when it was activated, Wang Ling's pupils would take on an extraordinary color that would gradually turn golden and in the end eventually bloom like three petals of a golden flower.

He would look like he was wearing colored contact lenses, and it made him so good-looking it was a crime.

Wang Ming remembered seeing the ultimate Heavenly Eye once when he had been playing hide-and-seek with Wang Ling as kids. Seeing it again after all these years, he didn't think that it would make him feel like it had been a lifetime ago.

In his heart, he was well aware that this memory was tinged with a trace of envy, but it was steeped even more in nostalgia...

Wang Ling was indeed very strong, but looking back on the past, returning to that time when they were kids would be very hard.

Wang Ming often thought that if he had developed the talisman seal earlier on back then, maybe Wang Ling would have been more outgoing now, or at the very least, he wouldn't be so anti-social.

"The location of the airdrop is up ahead." Wang Ming pointed out the direction. Previously, Wang Ling hadn't been too attentive in scouting out this desert with his spiritual senses; in fact, it wasn't a completely empty place — it actually had a planned landmark.

It was a place that looked like ruins and which could only be found in the desert.

Instead of choosing to directly teleport there, Wang Ling inched closer bit by bit, because he had already smelled the conspiracy in the air from far away.

There was definitely an ambush waiting at the airdrop's location.

If he teleported suddenly, this type of skill would look like a bug in the system, and it would be bad if someone reported it as an anomaly!

...

As far as one could tell, the ruins were surrounded by broken stone walls which were very high. Contained inside were giant stone arrangements and several ancient stone temples.

Wang Ming chose to steer clear of the front of the ruins, and instead moved along the side. The front was brightly lit, and walking in the sun would grab too much attention. A huge stone wall ran down the side, and it was a good decision to enter the location from the shadow which the wall cast.

But just as they approached their target, Wang Ming immediately stopped when he noticed a red dot on the radar, which showed that someone was behind the stone wall. "That brother up ahead, come out. I can already see you!"

Wang Ling really couldn't help swearing in his heart. This radar truly defied the heavens!

The person behind the stone wall actually had concealed himself very well. Wang Ling thought that if it had been anyone else passing by, they might have never sensed that there was a person hidden here.

After a brief moment, Chen Chao stepped out from behind the stone wall. "Second brother, you're awesome, I hid myself so well, but you could still find me!"

"So it was you."

Wang Ming stared at the cushion in Chen Chao's hands with an astonished expression. "Is this... a hassock?"

"Yep; what's more, it's an eighth-grade hassock!"

Chen Chao smiled. "I found it when I was looking for all of you. I was able to sense second brother's aura from far away."

"Your luck's pretty good, you managed to pick up the eighth-grade hassock so quickly." Wang Ming looked astonished because this was the top perception-type magic treasure in this survival contest. The students here were all at the Foundation Establishment stage, so the perception range of their spiritual senses was limited. However, as long as they were sitting on this hassock when they were using their spiritual senses, their perception range could be expanded up to fifty times! With this eighth-grade hassock, it was like having a portable radar.

"Have you seen anyone else?" Wang Ming asked.

"I came from the outskirts, and saw a few people on my way here. Most of them are now moving around in groups. I haven't seen Su Xiao or Guo Hao, who knows where those two went running off to," Chen Chao answered honestly. "By the way... do you need anything? I picked up a lot of things along the way."

Saying this, he took out a small golden silk bag, startling Wang Ming once again. "Eighth-grade storage bag? Where did you find this?"

This was the magic treasure with the largest storage capacity in the entire survival contest. In order to survive long enough in this competition, it was essential to find a magic treasure with a huge storage space. The larger the storage space, the more supplies that could be collected and stored away during the competition.

Staring at the eighth-grade storage bag, Wang Ming couldn't help sucking in a sharp breath.

This guy's luck was too good, it was simply ouqimanman 1 !

1('Ouqimanman' just means someone is ridiculously, fantastically lucky.) "I just picked up stuff on the road that people overlooked."

Chen Chao scratched his head and said a little bashfully, "On the way here, I came across two groups of people fighting each other. It seemed like the Xiao clan disciple from Shenye High School had accidentally killed his teammates in an explosion. Then a bunch of girls with knives were chasing another guy from Shenye High School."

Wang Ming frowned: "Was it infighting?"

"Didn't seem like it. It looked like a relationship problem." Chen Chao thought for a moment, then said with some surprise, "I think I heard someone call that boy Brother Cheng 2 ..."

2(This refers to the character Makoto Itou from the anime "School Days" who slept around a lot ..) Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 218 A Devil and Also a Devoted Lover


The old devil appeared on Pingding Mountain on the top of the boundary support in Jiang Liuyue's body. Looking down at the expanse of the small world, he felt a little excited in his heart. "I've finally infiltrated this place; I'm one step closer to achieving my master plan!"

"Lord Devil Emperor, this survival contest is being monitored from outside, and it seems that a hundred people have entered this small world to protect the students... is this really okay?" In the stone ghost mask, Jiang Liuyue voiced her doubts.

"Before I entered this small world, I wrapped myself in the fog from the Purple Gold Gourd, so the world was unable to detect me at all. Given the strength of that bunch of juniors, none of them are capable of sensing my aura at all."

The old devil smiled coldly. "Besides, I feel that this time, my plan has simply been blessed by the heavens! Beside the fact that this small world can't sense my presence, my venerable self can also absorb the spirit energy here at abandon... It'll take an immense source of spirit energy to use the array-guiding flag to transfer this magic array and open the Gate Between Worlds, as well as to start the ancient array so that it can absorb the vitality needed for reconstructing the human body on the skeleton. My venerable self had been worried about insufficient spirit energy, but that's not a problem now.

"Maier, once my flesh is restored, I'll come for you..." On the boundary support, the old devil took a deep breath, and a spirit light emerged in his hand. Through the stone ghost mask, Jiang Liuyue saw a crescent-shaped jade pendant in the old devil's palm.

"Lord Devil Emperor, this is..."

"The pendant my first love gave to me." The old devil looked at the pendant with unexpected tenderness in his eyes. "But unfortunately, she died a thousand years ago, and my venerable self has frozen her body in ice."

Hearing this, Jiang Liuyue was a little surprised. She had never thought that the old devil would in fact be a devoted lover.

"Previously, my venerable self had always been looking for a way to revive her, but just as I had found a reliable method, Yi Jianchuan that brat targeted me, and we fought for countless days. All my spirit energy was completely exhausted, and it took a long time for my energy source to recover. Thus, her resurrection has also always been delayed." The old devil gripped the crescent pendant in his hand. "To resurrect her completely, my venerable self will need to turn the wheel of time and find her reincarnation."

Speaking up to this point, the old devil gave the stone ghost mask a look. "When the time comes, I may need your help then."

Jiang Liuyue was silent for a moment before she replied, "It is junior's bounden duty to help Lord Devil Emperor with his request."

"Good."

The old devil nodded, then looked up at the number of people left. Now, it was just under 9300.

He needed to set up the array for absorbing vitality as soon as possible. Otherwise, the number would only get smaller and smaller.

But before that, a good cover was equally important. Looking at the dwindling number, the old devil took a deep breath. "Then, let's open the Gate Between Worlds first, as we're running out of time."

Searching his surroundings, he discovered a vast desert to the northwest. "The ruins there look like it might be a good place to hide. Let's open the Gate Between Worlds there."

Saying that, spirit light blossomed in his right hand.

Instantly, the array-guiding flag swiftly turned into an invisible light and flew toward the ruins at a lighting speed.

...

In the huge shadow of a stone wall on the side of the ruins, Chen Chao was sharing his spoils.

The eighth-grade storage bag could really hold so much stuff that it had straightaway made Chen Chao rich.

There were a lot of things in it. Apart from the eighth-grade hassock which Chen Chao carried, there was also a fourth-grade hassock, plus some spirit talismans and top quality magic treasures in the storage bag.

There were five underground escape talismans, three aura concealment talismans, three armor-penetrating talismans, one top-class spirit sword, one pair of top-class spirit boots, one eighth-class immortal sword, and some qi and blood elixirs.

These things were actually not of much use to Wang Ling. He might not have brought Jingke here, but the might of his casual one-finger qi sword, even when he wasn't being completely serious and was restricted by the talisman seal, was already almost on par with a top-class holy weapon.

Of course, the eighth-grade storage bag still contained a few things that even Wang Ling couldn't figure out. General Yi had used his own imagination to create these magic treasures, just like for the spirit sword exchange meet the last time. But the difference was that during the previous meet, the magic treasures then had all just been balls of data and virtual simulations.

The magic treasures now were all the real deal!

For example, there was a small, ridged wooden board... Wang Ling had utterly no idea what its use or meaning was.

"This is a godly weapon!"

Wang Ming raised the board and couldn't help sighing. "I never thought you would find this!"

Back then, Chen Chao had snatched everything up in a hurry, so he hadn't had the time to use the electronic illustrated handbook to check the board's origin. "What is this?"

Wang Ming answered without hesitation, "Washboard."

Wang Ling and Chen Chao: "..."

...

In order not to make Chen Chao suspicious, Wang Ling didn't bother to be polite and selected a top-class spirit sword to carry, plus an extra second-grade storage bag. Actually, he wouldn't have been worried even if he didn't have a storage bag, because he could put things into the vision field of his Heavenly Eye.

Wang Ming was even less polite, and basically emptied out the bag. On the way here, he had picked up several lousy things and the only talisman he had possessed before was the underground escape talisman which he had used when he had been looking for Wang Ling.

He hadn't used General Yi's golden talisman enough yet!

Boom !

The three of them packed up the items and were about to set out when there was a rumbling sound from the ruins.

"That's the location of the airdrop. A fight's broken out!"

Wang Ming stealthily checked the radar, and found that there were several red spots gathered inside the ruins. There were six people in all, in at least two or three groups.

Secretly, the three individuals saw five young men next to the airdrop box, and each one was carrying a spirit sword. Wherever they pointed their sword tips, the rocks and sand on the ground would follow their movements and solidify into a wall.

"Earth-wood spirit spell? These five people are from Reliance High School." Chen Chao hid behind the stone wall and secretly observed them.

This was unexpectedly a battle with unequal numbers.

This scene made Wang Ming sigh privately in his heart; five against one... it was very likely over for that person.

But soon, they noticed that something wasn't right — the five people were in fact on the defensive.

On the other side stood a young man in purple from Shenye High School. In front of these five people's earth-wood spirit spell, the youth's lips tilted upward slightly, and he just laughed lightly. "Reliance High School, it's over!"

With a bzzt , flames instantly rushed forth from his arm and smashed into that barrier before surging up into the sky in a fiery blaze. The intense spiritual pressure awed Chen Chao and his scalp turned numb.

This Shenye High School youth was too strong — Chen Chao felt that though they were both in Grade One, his strength couldn't match the other party's power at all.

The flames that streaked out from the youth's palm was like an invincible cannon which directly blew the barrier into smithereens in almost a split second; it was a huge disparity in strength, and the five disciples from Reliance High School were unable to withstand it at all. When the stone wall was blasted apart, they were all flung into different directions as green smoke drifted up from their bodies.

An eliminated disciple pounded the ground with his fist and glared at the youth in front of him. "Who are you?"

"You've already been eliminated and confirmed dead by the small world. Logically, you shouldn't be speaking."

The youth moved closer with slow steps, then stretched out his fingers. The storage bags on the five individuals were firmly pulled away by spirit energy to drop into the youth's hand. He smiled. "The ancestral pulling palm is as useful as always."

The eliminated disciple still wouldn't give up and asked again, "Are you a disciple of the Xiao clan?"

The youth in purple maintained his arrogant attitude as he stared at the disciple on the ground. Narrowing his eyes, he smiled and said, "I am Xiao Yuncheng, from the Xiao clan's outer sect."





Chapter 219 You Are Already Dead...


"Xiao Yuncheng?"

In the dark, Chen Chao immediately frowned when he heard the youth in purple introduce himself.

Wang Ming turned his head to looked at him. "Do you know this person?"

"Several years ago when I was in junior high, I participated in a five-kilometer marathon as a school representative. I believe it was this person who beat me. Though I placed second, the difference was really too great." Chen Chao sighed and said, "I learned later that this Xiao Yuncheng was a disciple who was ranked first in the Xiao family's outer sect. If he can smoothly enter a good university in two years' time, there'll be absolutely no problem for him to be promoted to the inner sect."

Wang Ling stared expressionlessly at this youth in purple; this person was very talented, and stronger than the majority of Number 60 High School's Grade One students. Putting himself completely aside, the only other person from the elite class who could probably fight this Xiao Yuncheng on the same level was Sun Rong.

After "killing" all the five students from Reliance High School, the youth in purple began searching through their storage bags.

He fixed his eyes on one of the eliminated disciples. "Have you already picked up what was in the airdrop?"

The eliminated disciple was very tough. "Hehe, the dead can't talk... go search it yourself~"

Xiao Yuncheng shrugged helplessly; he could only personally confirm it himself. When he turned his head, the five disciples of Reliance High School had already disappeared.

When the green fog which represented an elimination came out, the small world's elimination rule would take effect: any student that gave off the green fog would automatically be sent away after one minute.

" Ai , what a bunch of crap."

Xiao Yuncheng sneered in his heart as he searched the airdrop box.

After a while, he revealed a slightly startled expression. "This is...?!"

Then, he quickly put whatever had been in the airdrop box into his own storage bag.

"It seems there was something good in the airdrop box!" At a distance, Chen Chao saw the youth in purple rapidly direct spirit light into his storage bag. His movements were so quick that Chen Chao couldn't see exactly what he had taken.

Following that, he again heard Xiao Yuncheng grumble. "Hm? There's a large snack gift pack in here?"

He took out a delicately wrapped gift box, opened it, and searched inside for a moment before pulling out a pack of crispy noodle snacks and throwing it on the ground disinterestedly. "Shit! Why is this airdrop box full of trash..."

At these words, Wang Ling's face instantly darkened.

That was an aura that Xiao Yuncheng had never sensed before.

He felt eyes fixed on his back.

In the next moment, an unusual scene unfolded above the ruins. Black clouds rolled in like a shroud and lightning like silver serpents danced in the air.

Pale with fright, Xiao Yuncheng raised his head. This was the small world's godly punishment exercise.

For the survival system this time, the godly punishment bombardment zone would indeed randomly appear on the map, but there was supposed to be a public reminder five minutes before the godly punishment fell.

Xiao Yuncheng didn't understand — how had he suddenly wound up in this godly punishment zone?!

Hurriedly, the youth man in purple was about to go and hide in a nearby stone temple to avoid the godly punishment.

But it was too late.

Like justice raining down from above 1, this godly punishment caught Xiao Yuncheng completely off guard.

1(This phrase is from the game "Overwatch.") By the time he came back to his senses, he saw a wisp of green smoke already drifting up from his body...

Under that godly punishment's tremendous pressure, the small world had unexpectedly already deemed him dead!

"..."

In the dark behind the stone wall, Wang Ming stared at Xiao Yuncheng who was already starting to fade, and covered the wry smile on his face.

It was clear as crystal in his heart.

This was a murder that had been committed all because of a pack of crispy noodle snacks.

...

Before Xiao Yuncheng had vanished, in the conference room in the outside world, many screens were flashing.

The old Secretary, Zhuo Yi and the headmasters of the six schools were all watching the survival contest.

"Purple attire, is that the Shenye High School uniform? That young man is doing well," the old Secretary praised. "Was that one-on-five fight just now recorded?"

"Yes, we have specialists who will compile these wonderful fight scenes into a highlight reel," Zhuo Yi replied.

Headmaster Sun of Shenye High School smiled. "Old Secretary, you're too kind, that child is our school's Xiao Yuncheng."

The old Secretary stroked his chin. "Is he a Xiao family disciple?"

Headmaster Sun nodded. "He's currently the number one disciple in the Xiao family's outer sect. To come this far has actually not been easy for him."

The old Secretary: "Why do you say that?"

Headmaster Sun: "An outer sect disciple of the Xiao clan doesn't receive as many resources as inner sect disciples. I know quite a bit about Xiao Yuncheng, this student. He has no grandfather, sister, or confidante in his circle. Because of his spirit root, he is unable to delve deep into the art of alchemy which the Xiao clan is very proud of. He doesn't have the usual habit of frequenting auctions or the underground market, and instead is wholeheartedly absorbed in cultivation... don't you think it's been very hard for this student?"

Headmasters: "..."

"This boy indeed hasn't had it easy."

The old Secretary looked at the screen, his eyes fixed on Xiao Yuncheng who was now searching the airdrop box. He then saw the young man take out a snack gift box, and then pull out a pack of crispy noodle snacks from it, which he then threw on the ground in disappointment.

Almost at the same time, everyone in the conference room saw Xiao Yuncheng's back unexpectedly emit green smoke...

How did he die?!

No one could see clearly how this had happened. Headmaster Sun stood up agitatedly. "Can the killer's profile be brought up?"

"The broadcast image will automatically switch to the scene of the fight. In a case like this, if someone had chosen to secretly assassinate him from a distance, the image can't be traced," Zhuo Yi replied as he shook his head.

"How can that be..."

Headmaster Sun sat down, a little dazed. He felt like tearing his hair out; Xiao Yuncheng was the main force of his Shenye High School! He hadn't even made it into the last nine thousand before he had actually been dispatched just like that!

Zhuo Yi stared at the thread of green smoke coming out of Xiao Yuncheng's back on the screen, and it seemed that he had realized something.

In fact, he had neglected to mention a point just now. There was actually a second circumstance that could explain the wisp of green smoke drifting out of Xiao Yuncheng's back: to avoid things from becoming too serious while the students fought in this survival contest, General Yi had also specially set up an automatic assessment mechanism in the small world. When the world determined that a person was in a situation where death was inescapable, the smoke would waft out automatically.

Judging from Xiao Yuncheng's action of throwing the crispy noodle snacks away, Zhuo Yi at that moment in fact had already completely understood.

He knew that Wang Ling was nearby.

Only his shifu had the power to influence the small world's nomological forces, directly determining that person's death.

Zhuo Yi cupped his face in his hands as he stared at the screen with a face full of smiles: as expected, shifu was so powerful!





Chapter 220 Ancient Barter Array


"How did that person die?" Watching Xiao Yuncheng vanish, Chen Chao, who had been secretly observing him, was surprised.

He felt that Xiao Yuncheng's death had been a little unfathomable. Before he could clearly see how the other boy had been struck down, the green smoke had already wafted up from his back.

Had someone killed him?

It didn't seem possible...

With the aid of the eighth-grade hassock, Chen Chao had perceived that it had just been the four of them in the vicinity of the ruins. If someone had been using a long-range magic weapon nearby to attack, it was absolutely impossible for them to have escaped the perception of the eighth-grade hassock.

Furthermore... it seemed like he had seen the godly punishment exercise just now.

The sky had abruptly been covered with dark clouds and lightning like silver snakes. It had dispersed once green smoke had drifted out of Xiao Yuncheng's back. The whole thing had happened so suddenly and then vanished swiftly in about thirty seconds.

Chen Chao was very sure that he hadn't seen wrong.

"Second brother, do you know what happened?"

Chen Chao turned his head to look at Wang Ming, who subtly tilted his head in turn to look at Wang Ling out of the corner of his eye.

The person who was the cause of all this acted as if he had had nothing to do with it, his eyes glued to the pack of crispy noodle snacks on the ground not far from them and looking like his soul had flown away!

"..."

Wang Ming knew that Chen Chao would be suspicious if he didn't give an explanation.

After turning his head to look here and there and make sure that no one else was around, he held out his fist. "See this fist the size of a sandbag? What you saw just now is the final skill in my 'Turtle Wave Heart Sutra,' the Non-Showy Wave..."

Hearing this, Chen Chao felt like his brain had short-circuited.

After several dozen seconds of silence, he suddenly turned his head to look at Wang Ming with shining eyes.

It was a look full of reverence and adoration; Wang Ming felt a little uncomfortable being stared at so fixedly.

"Second brother, you're too strong!" Chen Chao's eyes sparkled like stars.

In fact, Wang Ming would feel a little sorry when all this was over. Actually, he had really, really hoped that Wang Ling would one day also look at him like that.

But most regretfully, that would never happen.

...

After confirming that there was no one else nearby, the three people began to scavenge the contents of the storage bag left behind by Xiao Yuncheng.

Wang Ling silently picked up the pack of crispy noodle snacks from the ground and put it into his storage bag...

Chen Chao had seen Xiao Yuncheng's astoundment when going through the airdrop box earlier, and after verifying it repeatedly, he took out a one-of-a-kind magic treasure from the storage bag — it was a Phoenix Cup, which was brightly glazed in hues of red, green and yellow.

"So it was the Phoenix Cup." Even without the electronic illustrated handbook, Chen Chao could recognize this magic treasure.

Almost every student in junior high would have visited the history section of the Songhai City Museum, so they would know from the museum's historical records that this Phoenix Cup was an ancient magic treasure. The rumor was that it was the exclusive magic weapon of the Fire Emperor, who was one of the three emperors in ancient times. The museum only had a small fragment of the Phoenix Cup; the whereabouts of the rest of the Cup had long been unknown.

Wang Ling gazed at the Phoenix Cup, lost in thought.

He knew from ancient books that the Phoenix Cup had a grand history. After all, it was from an ancient era, when Old Demon Han and Old Demon Wang had been around.

Back then, the three imperial magic weapons were great magic weapons on par with Old Demon Han's Sky Bottle, and were also called demi-godly weapons.

General Yi had clearly made this Phoenix Cup for the military training exercise for the purpose of promoting history among the students. In fact, General Yi had specially designed many of these types of unique and renowned magic treasures from history for the survival contest this time.

Chen Chao used the handbook to carefully analyze it, and in the end was amazed. "This Phoenix Cup has eighth-grade lethal power! Even its damage range is eighth-grade! This is a great killer weapon!"

"Maximum grade?" Wang Ming also stared at the Phoenix Cup and raised his eyebrows. "Actually, this design is also reasonable. After all, the Phoenix Cup was exceptionally formidable in ancient times; it was a demi-godly weapon that could summon the fire phoenix. History books say that when the Fire Emperor threw the cup in a fury, it could destroy demon cities."

Saying this, Wang Ming couldn't help a tsk . "No wonder Xiao Yuncheng had that expression just now, this thing's lethal power is really too much. If you throw it at the city center, it would be equal to summoning a godly punishment circle. At that time, whoever is out in the open would be eliminated."

Just then, Chen Chao's handbook vibrated with a tip; it was Immortal Toya, who had sent a reminder.

Chen Chao looked at the content of the message. "Senior Toya says that the toxic fog will begin closing in after ten minutes. Should we withdraw first? Everyone who was laying low in the desert earlier should have already run for the city center."

"No hurry yet, we still have time."

As the person who had personally been involved in making the map for this survival contest, Wang Ming knew its environment inside and out. "There's actually a small magic array in the ancient temple at the front of the ruins."

"What magic array?" asked Chen Chao.

"Have you heard of the ancient barter array?" Wang Ming explained, "Our arrays are based on this ancient barter array. In the olden days, the Ancient Almightys would typically set up this type of array. If you toss something that you treasure into the array, you can get something of equivalent value back in exchange. To put it simply, this is a kind of 'take what you need' arrangement. But this type of ancient barter array can actually also be a huge trap, as sometimes what you want isn't necessarily what you need."

As the three of them spoke, they walked toward the dilapidated old temple.

Just as Wang Ming had said, Wang Ling saw a semi-shaded small array in the middle of this ancient temple. It actually wasn't big, just the size of a millstone, and its sides were engraved with indecipherable ancient characters.

Chen Chao stared at it in amazement. "Second brother, is this an ancient barter array from the olden days?"

"That's right." Wang Ming nodded. "There are now very few people who know how to set up this type of array; this one was personally set up by General Yi."

"But why would this appear in this survival contest?" Chen Chao asked.

"On one hand, it's to promote history; on the other hand, it's probably just General Yi's taste; think of it as an Easter egg," Wang Ming replied.

Wang Ling: "..."

Chen Chao: "So what should we do?"

Wang Ming: "Just throw in anything from the storage bag that's useless."

"Oh." Chen Chao straightaway took out the extra fourth-grade hassock from the storage bag and tossed it into the array. The instant it touched the array light, it turned into fine powder which then gradually dissolved in the array.

The small party held their breaths and silently watched the array change.

It wasn't long before Wang Ling saw a radiant light appear. This was the array spirit of the ancient barter array.

Spirit light flashed in the array spirit's hands, and instantly three items appeared. The spirit looked at Chen Chao with eyes as calm as an ancient well, then asked in a low, magnetic voice, "Excuse me... did you throw the golden hassock, the silver hassock, or... this jade hassock?"

Wang Ling, Chen Chao and Wang Ming: "..."





Chapter 221 Dog God


More than two hours had passed since the start of the survival contest, and nearly a thousand people had been eliminated.

The final number above Pingding Mountain on top of the boundary support was also stuck at 9118.

The number hadn't changed in quite a while.

The competition's duration was very long, so no one wanted to send themselves off so soon after it had just begun. After the initial pillaging of resources when they had first landed, the students from the six schools had found favorable territory to occupy, and then all of them had similarly adopted the "ten thousand-year-old lurker" maneuver.

Squatting in favorable terrain and waiting for an outsider to attack first before they counterattacked — this was the same idea which almost all of the students from the six schools had had at this early stage of the survival contest.

Electronic illustrated handbooks were scattered everywhere on the map and weren't difficult to find. However, because of the six headmasters' decision, each of the students in Number 59 High School and Number 60 High School already had a handbook, which was a huge advantage in enabling them to check their location on the map and to acquire information on magic treasures.

The doors of a large supermarket were all tightly sealed.

A crowd of students from Number 59 High School and Number 60 High School, led by Senior He Bufeng, the delinquent repeater of Number 59 High School, were gathered here.

Su Xiao and Guo Hao were in this group.

Everyone received Immortal Toya's message on their electronic illustrated handbooks at the same time: the toxic smoke on the horizon was finally starting to draw in.

Su Xiao carefully compared position coordinates on the map, then said quietly, "The first layer of the toxic fog won't come in too far. We're close to the center of the circle, so we're actually still very safe."

He Bufeng nodded, sweeping his gaze over the thirty to forty people around him, and said, "This position is very advantageous to us; there's a generous amount of map supplies in this supermarket. Even without the airdrops outside, each of us can pick up a spirit sword and even ample spirit talismans and all kinds of one-off functional magic treasures here."

"This is simply a god-blessed circle!" someone said excitedly.

In order for the map's simulation to appear authentic, even the items on the supermarket shelves were all real and consisted of supplementary consumer supplies such as all kinds of elixirs, food and water — occupying this large supermarket was a huge advantage.

Currently, the only irregularity was Guo Hao.

From being sent to the small world with bare buttocks to spiraling up to a height of five kilometers to finally falling down... Guo Hao felt like he was already near death.

"Is Brother Guo's stomach a little better? What the hell did you eat?" He Bufeng frowned.

Both He Bufeng and Tang Jingze had experienced Mother Juan's cooking for themselves. Although the names were very strange, honestly speaking, the taste was not bad! Furthermore, the food clearly contained the canteen lady's deep love for the kids.

"No, you don't understand at all how terrifying Mother Juan's trial dishes are." At this point, Su Xiao couldn't help shuddering. "Last time, because of Mother Juan's trial cuisine, one of our teachers at the late Golden Core stage was laid up in hospital for twenty days after eating it and had had so much diarrhea that his golden core dried up."

He Bufeng: "Is it that terrifying?!"

Su Xiao: "Luckily Classmate Guo Hao only had a mouthful, otherwise he might not even be able to find his two balls."

Everyone: "..."

...

Meanwhile.

Two figures stood on top of a tall building in the center of the city in the small world.

One was handsome, gray-haired Immortal Toya, who was dressed in traditional attire, while next to him stood an old man with a bent back. This was Li Su, who had been in the Seven Stars Cultivation Special Forces back then, and was now Old Li, the Chief School Guard at Number 60 High School.

Standing on top of the tall building, Immortal Toya looked at the city which had calmed down for the time being. "I never thought that we would meet again here."

Hands behind his back, Old Li's eyes were serene. "It was thanks to Senior Toya that we seven old Stars could gather together this time. Due to a lapse back then, the seven of us were severely injured, and the headmistress had had to reorganize the Seven Stars. I've been a school guard all these years, but Headmistress Xingye has invited me a number of times to speak to that bunch of new Seven Stars juniors."

"Xingye..."

Saying this, Immortal Toya was suddenly silent for a bit. "Is she well?"

Old Li narrowed his eyes and laughed slightly. "Senior Toya's cold refusal was a terrible blow to Headmistress Xingye. After that heartbreak, she has been immersed in work ever since, and for a long time now has stopped waiting for her destined person. With regard to this, I still think it would be better for you, Senior Toya, to personally send her your greetings."

"Forget it, I don't have the courage." Immortal Toya smiled embarrassedly. "If I go... she'll definitely kill me."

Old Li: "Senior Toya, you will have to make the decision yourself, but at the school's last annual meeting, I did hear Headmistress Xingye say that she would never give up..."

Immortal Toya had a headache and rubbed his head. "..." He felt that the next thing he would need to do now was mass produce medicine for traumatic injuries.

In fact, these were all words which Headmistress Xingye of Seven Stars Sect had recently ask Old Li to pass on. The gossip about Immortal Toya and Headmistress Xingye from back then was actually well-known in cultivation circles.

After that spontaneous confession had been rejected, Headmistress Xingye of Seven Stars Sect had monopolized all the spectator seats in Huaxiu nation for three consecutive years during the Qixi Festival 1 , making every couple feel unspeakably bitter.

1(This is based on the famous Chinese tale of the cowherd and the weaver girl, who were separated despite their love. The festival is the equivalent of Valentine's Day for the Chinese ..) With that matter covered, Old Li decided to get down to business.

He looked in the direction of the small world's desert. "Senior Toya should have also felt it, right? I felt the aura of the godly punishment earlier, but there weren't any plans to activate it at this time, so it's a little strange."

The gray-haired young man hummed in agreement as he nodded calmly. "I've already checked it out, Senior Ling is over there, so there's nothing strange about it."

"Consultant Ling is there?" Old Li was startled. "But his signal doesn't seem to be on the radar!"

"Senior Ling's aura is hidden very well. If he hadn't been exposed by the godly punishment earlier, I wouldn't have been able to pinpoint his position. As for the radar issue... I believe it's Senior Ling's elder brother who is probably blocking his signal. Whether it's us or the conference room outside, no one will be able to see him."

"Senior Ling has an elder brother?" Old Li felt his three views toppling a little.

The gray-haired young man smiled slightly. "Do you know the strongest brain in the Cultivation Academy of Science?"

"!!!"

Old Li felt his three views being overturned.

"As expected, we can't comprehend Consultant Ling's strength and background."

Old Li sighed. "Putting that aside, there are still a lot of people in the small world, and it's already been a long time since they made a move. At this rate, can the competition still proceed smoothly?"

"At this time, the students have chosen to lay low, which General Yi had already expected; nobody wants to be eliminated so soon."

Immortal Toya answered, "Each time the toxic fog closes in, it will be in larger increments, which means that the space which the students can use will become smaller and smaller — that will be when the outcome will be decided. Oh, by the way, Li Su... I actually have a question."

Old Li: "Senior Toya, please speak freely..."

Immortal Toya looked at the street below him. "I wonder... what's the deal with that green-furred akita?"

Old Li: "This is a dog which Consultant Ling's class is raising. Because the total number of Number 59 High School and Number 60 High School students in the contest is really too low, Consultant Ling's teacher-in-charge Teacher Pan applied to the higher-ups to allow this dog to participate. It's called Er Ha, and it's currently living with Consultant Ling."

Living in Senior Ling's house?

Living in that holy land?

It was Immortal Toya's turn to be startled... so, this had to be a dog god, right?!





Chapter 222 The Way for Humans to Live in Harmony with Animals


In the conference room, except for Headmaster Chen and Headmaster Jin, the headmasters of the other schools had stupefied expressions — why... was there a dog?

Sitting in the front, the old Secretary looked at the flashing screen with a very composed expression. "I recognize the dog; when a teacher from Number 60 High School made a report to the higher-ups, I was the one who personally approved it, so I didn't specially tell all of you about it."

"But... old Secretary should be aware that this is just a dog. How can it compete with the students of our key schools?" Headmaster Hong of Jinyuan High School was a little unhappy.

"Number 59 High School and Number 60 High School have a disadvantage to begin with given their student numbers, so this spirit dog's entry is also actually a matter of checks and balances." The old Secretary turned to look at the headmasters. "Besides, you probably don't know, but in Number 60 High School, this dog performed a meritorious deed. Back when Shadow Stream invaded the school, this dog, by its own strength, killed an assassin who had meant the students harm."

When the old Secretary said this, the headmasters instantly had nothing else to say.

"Victory in this survival contest is one thing, but we also need to pay attention to education through activity. Why do you think General Yi designed so many strange magic treasures? Isn't it because he wants to promote history among the students at the same time during the competition?"

The old Secretary rubbed his scruff with an unfathomable expression on his face. "...Therefore, I believe it's also important to advocate for a harmonious coexistence between humans and animals."

Headmasters: "..."

The old Secretary: "Of course, General Yi has also already considered this, and has specially designed a magic treasure hidden somewhere on the map which can effectively promote communication between the students and animals."

A magic treasure that could promote a harmonious coexistence between humans and animals?

On one side, Zhuo Yi cupped his jaw as he pondered deeply. For this survival contest, General Yi had really designed too many magic treasures; Zhuo Yi had already seen a lot on the list, but there were just too many to take in all at once.

"What kind of magic treasure is it?"

At this point, a voice rang out.

To everyone's astonishment, the question had been raised by Patriarch Reliance, the seclusion maniac.

Patriarch Reliance sighed. "I have always admired General Yi's enthusiasm for manufacturing magic treasures. Back then, if General Yi hadn't perfected the basic blueprint for the Seven Stars Sword, Immortal Zhenyuan wouldn't have been able to use it as a basis for making modifications, and the legendary Seven Stars Sword which has the power to move mountains would have never existed."

"No matter how many times I hear it, I always feel that General Yi is very amazing..." Headmaster Chen couldn't help exclaiming in admiration.

This was a genuinely extraordinary person. He was one of the Ten Founding Generals who had once fought the legendary Devil Emperor Gua Pi. He was also a magic weapons master who controlled the largest magic treasures manufacturing plant in Huaxiu nation. Although there were times when he had some strange ideas in creating magic treasures, when it came to his prowess and his historical contributions in the field of magic treasures, he was definitely second to none.

"Headmasters, please settle down... let us listen to the Secretary's introduction of the magic treasure which can promote harmony between humans and animals."

Before the headmasters could continue on the topic of General Yi, Zhuo Yi hurriedly drew them back to the matter at hand; even three days and three nights wouldn't be enough time to cover all of General Yi's glorious deeds.

The old Secretary's gaze was composed, and he didn't speak until things had quieted down around him. "It's a powerful umbrella made from spider web thread, a white wolf's sharp teeth, plus a mix of complex formulas for manufacturing magic treasures. As long as you fill the umbrella with spirit energy and then open it, you can summon a thousand spirit chickens from the sky... these are white chickens that are directly imported from a chicken factory on the outskirts, and each of them is plump and juicy."

"..."

Promoting harmony between humans and animals, bullshit!

Why did it have to be a thousand plump, juicy white chickens?!

Was this a magic weapon that couldn't promote harmony between humans and animals unless humans could resist eating them?!

After hearing this, Zhuo Yi felt the urge to roar. He already no longer had any delusions about this magic treasure. It was very clearly that it was something that had emerged from the pit in General Yi's brain, and he had gotten someone to make it just for fun.

As expected, the old cadre nowadays didn't live staid lives; why did they all like to delve into such strange things? General Yi liked to create magic treasures, Secretary Dakang liked street racing... before the meeting, it was only after Zhuo Yi's prolonged urging that Secretary Dakang had sulkily taken his motorcycle helmet off.

They were the grand Ten Founding Generals, but each one of them liked to "play cute." What the hell kind of image was that?!

Zhuo Yi rubbed his temples painfully.

His heart broke for this bunch of old leaders...

Everyone knew that the Ten Founding Generals had made great contributions to Huaxiu nation. Many of them had even sacrificed love for it. They were now advanced in their years, and the ten of them were all unmarried!

Zhuo Yi felt that he should organize for this bunch of leaders to appear on the show If You Are The One 1 at a later date. This was why having no heirs was a huge problem! If they had children, would they still have the energy to pursue these strange things?

1(This is a Chinese dating show.) But it very obvious that the old Secretary hadn't realized what the crux of the problem was. He looked around and then asked, "Aren't all of you curious to know the name of this umbrella that can summon a thousand white chickens in an instant?"

Patriarch Reliance: "So, what is the umbrella called?"

"One Thousand Chickens Umbrella 2 ," replied the old Secretary.

2(The Chinese phrase qian ji san is a homophone for the Myriad Manifestation Umbrella, which is the weapon of the protagonist of the web novel 'The King's Avatar .. ') "..."

Zhuo Yi already didn't want to talk anymore.

...

On the street, Er Ha couldn't help sneezing.

The topic of harmony between humans and animals was actually not a happy one for it.

After all, it knew that it had used to be a demon king.

But it had turned over a new leaf and was now under the guidance of Little Master Ling.

Even the "Demon King Heart Sutra" had been flawlessly altered by Little Master Ling so that it used spirit qi rather than demon qi as a source.

Hence, theoretically speaking, Er Ha had already completely broken away from its previous identity as a demon king.

The spirit energy in its body was very pure, even purer than that of some students at the Foundation Establishment stage. It was because of this that Secretary Dakang had allowed it to enter this survival contest.

If there had been even the slightest hint of demon qi in its body, Er Ha believed that Secretary Dakang would have killed it with one stroke rather than allow it to come here, completely annihilating it without a trace.

Of course, Wang Ling was completely unaware that Er Ha would be participating in the survival contest because he had gone to school in the morning to register, while Number 60 High School had specially sent someone later to pick Er Ha up from the Wang family's small villa.

When it had been sitting in the special car sent by Number 60 High School, it had thought that this could be considered as it sharing some mysterious and inexorable fate with Little Master Ling.

Either way, Er Ha felt that the crucial thing to do now was to find Little Master Ling first.

It magnified its sense of smell, and finally, its gaze turned in the direction of the small world's desert...





Chapter 223 Will I Become the Strongest Moron?!


Even for ordinary dogs, their sense of smell was very sensitive. Science had shown that a dog's sense of smell was one thousand times more sensitive than that of a human.

Since accepting the reality that it had become a dog, Er Ha's sense of smell had continued to improve. Logically speaking, a cultivator's five senses were a hundred times stronger than that of an average man, and given a cultivation dog's unique traits, Er Ha's sense of smell would be a thousand times stronger than that of a cultivator.

Therefore, it could often smell bizarre things.

In the Wang family's small villa, for example, even if it was in the yard, it could smell Mother Wang's perfume in her bedroom on the third floor, Father Wang's stinky socks in the study, and the smell of Wang Ling eating crispy noodle snacks in his bedroom.

"It's definitely there."

On top of a roof, Er Ha stared in the direction of the desert ruins.

What was strange was that apart from Wang Ling, it could also smell a faint, vulgar scent... but it was sure that there was no way that this scent came from Wang Ling.

Its little master was a clean freak!

Er Ha wagged its tail and lightly jumped several dozen meters before madly scampering off in the direction of the ruins at a speed of several hundred meters per second.

In the surrounding buildings, students sitting on hassocks and relying on the magnified power of their spiritual senses to perceive their surroundings all opened their eyes at this moment as if they had been woken up.

"What's the matter?" asked a teammate.

"I think I saw a green dog..."

"Was it sent here accidentally?"

"I don't think so." The student shook his head with a frightened look on his face.

When he had used his spiritual senses just now, he had felt that that dog's jump had really been too high, and it was completely unlike a normal dog. Its speed had also been quite astonishing. Like a bolt of lightning, it had actually run out of his perception range in a split second.

...

In the ruins, because of a poor decision, the ancient barter array's spirit took all of the things which Wang Ming had had on him in a huff.

Half kneeling on the ground, Wang Ming apologized sincerely to the array spirit. "Ah, beautiful Miss Array Spirit! I was wrong! I shouldn't have impetuously made the wrong choice for the sake of my own selfish desires."

Array spirit: "..."

Wang Ming: "But, Miss Array Spirit, don't you think that my choice corresponds exactly to the four most precious qualities which every human being has?"

Array spirit: "?"

Wang Ming: "I don't skim when watching vids, which shows I'm steadfast. I don't get off while I'm watching, which shows I'm upright. I still don't get off once I've finished watching, which shows I have perseverance. And when I do get off, I can still continue watching after, which shows I'm persistent 1 !"

1(Yes, this refers to Wang Ming watching X-rated videos.) "..." When Wang Ming finished speaking, Wang Ling and Chen Chao felt like they had been hit by a bolt from the blue.

The array spirit took a deep breath and felt that there was no saving the man in front of her. "So... that's the reason why you chose the jade hassock?"

The array spirit didn't dally too much with Wang Ming. She confiscated everything that he had obtained in the small world, but because the spirit talisman from General Yi and the employee radar system were state property, in the end he was able to keep these.

This result was a great relief to him

Fortunately, he still had the golden talisman.

As long as he had the golden talisman, he could still continue acting high-and-mighty.

For the first time, Wang Ling felt that this elder brother of his wasn't just an idiot... he also had no moral integrity!

...

As they came out of the ancient temple, Wang Ming looked in the direction of the boundary support. Around twenty minutes had passed since they had entered the ancient temple, and the number in the air was still pretty much the same; there were still nine thousand and one hundred people left.

"Now, should we still go to the city center?" Chen Chao felt his head hurt as he gazed in the direction of the city center. He had had an abundant harvest just now, but unexpectedly, he was back to square one because of Wang Ming!

Most of the resources that he had collected before, such as the elixirs, the spirit talismans and so on, had all been confiscated by the array spirit.

The only good news was that he still had the eighth-grade hassock and the Phoenix Cup.

Chen Chao was rendered completely speechless.

He had never thought that during this critical moment, an array spirit would accept a delivery 2 from them...

2(A reminder that this means to take someone else's inventory in a game, usually after they're dead ..) He had initially planned to fight it out in the city center with these supplies, but the situation now wasn't optimistic.

The current situation proved that many people were waiting to spring an ambush in the city, and were unwilling to show themselves before then. If they went over there now, they would definitely be treated as a target.

Given the situation, it could be said that the Phoenix Cup was their best hope now!

But what on earth should they do?

Chen Chao gripped his head, feeling a little frantic.

"Don't panic, aren't Classmate Wang Ling and I still here? I heard that Classmate Wang Ling is our class mascot, I think we'll definitely be fine." Wang Ming grinned.

Wang Ling: "..." You're the mascot!

Now that the situation wasn't very good, the three of them planned to wait for a while in the ruins, and then head for the city center the next time the toxic fog rolled in again.

However, it wasn't long before Wang Ling suddenly noticed that their surroundings had actually started to become hazy.

"Is this... haze?" Chen Chao rubbed his eyes.

Just as he said this, his head turned heavy as lead, and he was instantly overcome as he lost consciousness and toppled over.

In the blink of an eye, this brawny, one hundred and seventy- jin sports man fell into the arms of Wang Ming next to him.

"There's something strange about this white haze!"

Wang Ming took out the golden talisman that General Yi had given him and saw that it was glowing.

General Yi's golden talisman had protected him, otherwise he would have collapsed earlier on.

The strange white haze had appeared very suddenly.

The thing that frightened Wang Ming the most was that Chen Chao this tough fellow had straightaway fainted as soon as the white haze had showed up.

The only thing he could be sure of was that this was definitely an abnormal phenomenon; after the first time that the toxic fog had come in, the people who had been laying low in the desert had already made for the city center much earlier on.

The three of them were the only team left that was still in the desert.

Without interference from external factors, the appearance of this white haze was extremely abnormal!

"What the hell is going on, Ling?" Wang Ming was a little alarmed when he found that all of his electronics had stopped functioning in the white haze!

Wang Ling got up and looked around calmly. Wang Ming could clearly see that his body was enveloped in a faint golden sheen.

"Crap, crap, even the protective golden light has appeared. This haze is definitely poisonous!" Wang Ming was a little frightened. "Ling, if I inhale this haze, will I change from the strongest brain into the strongest moron?!"

Wang Ling: "..."

Without answering Wang Ming, Wang Ling closed his eyes and delicately felt out the white haze.

As Wang Ming had said, the white haze's origin wasn't simple; it had the power to weaken a person. Forget a Foundation Establishment cultivator, even a Golden Core cultivator would be directly taken down.

Most importantly, the white haze was so poisonous and so thick that Wang Ling wasn't able to disperse it directly. The air in the little world circulated in a loop; if he dispersed the haze with a wave of his hand, it would mix with the air, which would be disastrous for all the students!

...There was only one option left.

Looking at this strange white haze, the origin of which they didn't yet know, Wang Ling sucked in a very deep breath.

In an instant, he sucked in floods and floods of this white haze through his nose and into his stomach...

In the blink of an eye, the blue sky and white clouds returned, and the scene was tranquil once again.





Chapter 224 The Correct Way to Use "Impure Earth Reincarnation"


After inhaling the white haze, Wang Ling's stomach instantly swelled like a balloon, but very quickly, he purified the poisonous haze internally. A Sage Body wasn't just impervious to external harm; its organs' purifying ability was top-class and could break down any type of exotic poison in the world in a split second.

Looking at this scene, Wang Ming finally heaved a sigh of relief.

"Chen Chao? Chen Chao?"

He prodded Chen Chao, but the brat showed no signs of waking up. Instantly, Wang Ming was a little unhappy. He had privately thought that the only other person in the world aside from Wang Ling who he would hold in his arms was his future wife! Under normal circumstances, he would definitely have never allowed a third person to take advantage of him.

Looking at the deep consideration in Wang Ming's expression, Wang Ling knew, even without reading Wang Ming's heart, that this idiot elder brother of his was most likely thinking about nonsense again.

The tip of Wang Ling's finger lit up with a small sphere of white light, and he touched it to Chen Chao's forehead, using the Great Purification Spell to dispel from inside the other boy's body the poisonous white haze which Chen Chao had inhaled.

Although he was still unconscious, his condition was no longer so serious.

What they had to do now was to find the source of this poisonous white haze.

Wang Ling narrowed his eyes. Opening the Heavenly Eye to its maximum level, he began scanning the ruins inch by inch like a searchlight.

The origin of the white haze was very abnormal; furthermore, Wang Ling felt that there was something familiar about it...

He remembered when he had been duped into acting as a spells consultant for the Seven Stars Cultivation Special Forces three years ago; when he had entered the Gate Between Worlds at the time to save Old Li and his group, it seemed to have contained some elements similar to what was in this poisonous white haze... when he considered this, a light bulb lit up in Wang Ling's mind.

He remembered; this white haze contained the demon qi found in the Gate Between Worlds!

But why would there be demon qi here?

While he was pondering this, his eyes caught sight of something behind a stone pillar in the center of the ruins.

There, he found... an array-guiding flag!

...

Underground in the small world, the old devil reopened a secret chamber; it had been completely enveloped in the Purple Gold Gourd's fog, which had formed a natural barrier that had thoroughly cut the chamber off from all outside interference.

In front of the old devil was a crystal sarcophagus which housed a skeleton. The entire skeleton had been preserved perfectly. It looked like a carved work of art; every bone was crystal clear and sparkled.

In the stone ghost mask, Jiang Liuyue was stunned.

This was the first time that she had come face-to-face with a skeleton of an Ancient Almighty.

This was a skeleton worthy of this old devil who had once created tumultuous waves in Huaxiu nation... Jiang Liuyue already couldn't imagine who the Ancient Almighty behind this skeleton had been. At the very least, it had to have been a great senior above the Fusion stage! Jiang Liuyue guessed the Almighty's prowess should have been between the Ascension stage and the Immortalization stage.

"Are you shocked?" The old devil stroked the crystal sarcophagus and sighed deeply. "Two thousand years ago, when my venerable self found this skeleton, how could I also not look upon it with such amazement? This skeleton is so perfect, it's almost as if it had been tailor-made for my venerable self..."

Two... two thousand years? Once again, Jiang Liuyue was amazed by the old devil's long-term vision. Had he unexpectedly already found a way out for himself at that time?

With his hands behind his back, the old devil did some calculations. "It's already been a while since the array-guiding flag has been set up; the demon qi from the Gate Between Worlds should have already penetrated this little world, and the Gate is about to descend... now is the time to set up the reincarnation array!"

Saying this, the old devil opened the crystal sarcophagus.

Free of the restrictions of the crystal sarcophagus, the pressure which the skeleton of the Ancient Almighty emanated was simply suffocating.

The moment the sarcophagus was opened, mighty pressure abruptly fell on them.

The ground under the old devil's feet trembled, and both his legs sunk into the earth from the pressure.

Fortunately, he had made preparations earlier, and thanks to the cassock he was wearing plus the protective light which covered his body, he was just barely able to withstand the pressure.

"Everything is within my calculations!" The old devil smiled slightly. As he spoke, he waved his hand, and eight candles instantly appeared in this narrow underground space.

The first step in setting up the reincarnation array was a crucial one, and involved using magic power to light the candles with the flames of the underworld. During the reincarnation process, any one of the candles going out would lead to failure. This was also the reason why the old devil had chosen to open the space underground.

"Next, as long as my venerable self fleshes out this skeleton and absorbs vitality, we will have succeeded!" Looking at the eight candles as they lit up, the old devil's movements started to become more cautious.

In the stone ghost mask, Jiang Liuyue saw the old devil take out two sacks from his storage space.

"Lord Devil Emperor, this is...?"

"It's impure earth," the old devil replied in a low voice. "My venerable self just needs to put it on the skeleton and start the reincarnation array, and it will be done."

So it was impure earth?

Jiang Liuyue was once again dumbstruck, shocked to the extreme in her heart. "Don't tell me, is this... the legendary Impure Earth Reincarnation Spell 1?"

1(Impure Earth Reincarnation Spell: The official English translation is 'Impure World Reincarnation.' This is a jutsu in the anime 'Naruto' that is used to bind the soul of a dead person to a living being.) "Impure Earth Reincarnation? You're referring to 'life,' 2 right?" The old devil sneered. "This kind of spell actually doesn't exist at all. How can one be reborn just by simply molding impure earth into a body? Do you take those Ancient Almightys for fools?"

2(Life: This will make more sense by the end of the chapter, but the word for reincarnation in Chinese literally translates to 'turn life.' The old devil is taking issue with the word for 'life,' sheng .) Jiang Liuyue: "..."

"The requirements for reconstructing a body for reincarnation are very demanding. Apart from finding a skeleton which matches your body type, you also need sufficient amounts of impure earth. On top of these basic requirements, you still need to consider the issue of the reincarnation array. These are all non-negotiable."

The old devil sighed. "Furthermore, the sale of impure earth has probably been banned in every country as it's probably a strictly regulated natural resource now, as valuable as tukela 3. My venerable self found two sacks of impure earth in the tomb of this great master when I found this skeleton. I believe that this Almighty had initially intended to use it for himself, but unfortunately his days were numbered, and he wasn't lucky enough to enjoy it."

3(Tukela: This refers to the fertile but highly friable soil of the Loess Plateau in China.) "..."

Jiang Liuyue was taken aback. "So, Lord Devil Emperor, you just happened to find this?"

"You can't say that." The old devil shook his head. "The ability to take advantage of a situation is also a reflection of your luck. Back then, it would have only taken a little more for Yi Jianchuan to completely destroy me, but unfortunately for him, he hadn't thought that due to my carelessness, I would seal myself into the stone ghost mask, which resulted in my aura vanishing from the world. My flesh might have disappeared, but the time that I was sealed away enabled my soul to recover. So, all of this proves that my venerable self isn't meant to die..."

Jiang Liuyue: "Then may I ask, senior, what is the spell that you are using now?"

The old devil: "Have you heard of the Impure Earth Body-Turning Spell? I'm referring to 'body' 4."

4(Body: The words 'body' and 'life' in Chinese have almost the same pronunciation.) Jiang Liuyue: "Impure Earth... Body-Turning Spell?"

"That's right."

The old devil nodded.

After he spoke, the old devil used his spirit energy to turn the skeleton of the Ancient Almighty in front of him over. "So, the key to this spell is to cover both sides of the skeleton with impure earth. When you're doing this, you must always, always remember... to turn it over."

Jiang Liuyue: "..."





Chapter 225 The Marvelous Error in Understanding


An array-guiding flag?

Why was such a thing here?

Wang Ming stared at the fluttering flag on the ground and looked a little bewildered. Any bystander whom he could have switched places with would undoubtedly also have felt the same confusion.

That was because array-guiding flags had disappeared from the market a thousand years ago — they couldn't be purchased even on the black market. The production of this magic treasure had already been strictly prohibited for fear that criminals would take advantage of it.

Although Wang Ming wasn't a cultivator, his understanding of cultivation wasn't poor. This strongest brain's theoretical knowledge of cultivation alone had probably transcended that of many actual cultivators.

Wang Ming stared at the flag, his pupils rotating as if they were a scanner, with rows of numbers scrolling up inside them.

After a while, he finished analyzing it and could confirm that this flag hadn't been made in the current era; it had been made a very long time ago and was at least a thousand years old.

Carrying Chen Chao on his back, he was lost in deep thought — what on earth was going on here?

Actually, it was already very obvious...

This demon qi had definitely come from the Gate Between Worlds!

Wang Ling narrowed his eyes and his pupils blossomed with spirit light. Wang Ming hadn't been able to see the magic array set up around the array-guiding flag since he didn't have the Heavenly Eye, but Wang Ling saw it very clearly.

This was a summoning array that had already been activated for some time.

Worst of all, it had already entered the completion phase.

Wang Ling calculated that in two minutes, the Gate Between Worlds would descend here!

"Ling! Are you saying that the Gate Between Worlds will land here?" Wang Ming's face was troubled when he heard Wang Ling's explanation. His electronics had all stopped working, and he couldn't even call for reinforcements at a time like this! Moreover, he had blocked both Wang Ling and Chen Chao's radar signals, so the broadcast monitor in the conference room wouldn't capture the image of what was happening here.

This was bad!

What should they do?

There was cold sweat on Wang Ming's cheeks. He looked at the protective golden light which covered him and Chen Chao, and felt a little despondent.

"..."

In this tense atmosphere, Wang Ling just nonchalantly patted Wang Ming on the shoulder.

With him around, he really didn't know why his idiot elder brother would be so nervous.

...

This proved that even if they had had a closer relationship as family, after they had stopped growing up together and had been separated for a long time, there was bound to be changes in their understanding of each other.

Wang Ling recalled how he had always been with Wang Ming as a kid; that was probably the time when Wang Ming had known him best.

Wang Ming had been passionate about pointless challenges, such as rock-paper-scissors, the high jump, sprinting, the length of their "little brothers"... sometimes he would even compete with Wang Ling to see who could pee faster. Unfortunately, he had always been defeated.

Later, he had been picked up by the people from the Cultivation Academy of Science and put under state protection. The number of times the two brothers had been able to meet dwindled; at most they would see each other once during the Chinese New Year reunion festival. There were times when Wang Ming had had a new breakthrough in his scientific research, and hadn't even gone home for the New Year.

Wang Ling recalled that the last time he had met Wang Ming was the day this idiot elder brother of his had given him the Dao talisman seal.

This time, it was because of work, and Wang Ming had brought his research team with him.

But Wang Ling had never thought...

...that there could actually be a flaw in his elder brother's understanding of his strength.

...

Speaking of Wang Ming's understanding of Wang Ling's strength.

The innate and uncontrollable growth of Wang Ling's realm had resulted in him reaching the Soul Formation stage at the age of seven; he hadn't even had time to consolidate his strength before he moved on to the next realm in no time.

Since then, wearing the Dao talisman seal had become a part of Wang Ling's daily life. That thing was just like a band-aid that was stuck to his arm, and wouldn't come off, not even in the shower.

Wang Ming thus was certainly aware that Wang Ling was very powerful.

But he also had always privately thought that there was a limit to this strength.

He still dreamt of defeating Wang Ling one day!

...

Everything was as Wang Ling had anticipated; two minutes later, the ground under their feet began to shake.

The array-guiding flag's array released a burst of light, and the outer ring of the array plate, inscribed with mysterious, ancient words, turned continuously, emitting a repressive aura.

Bzzt !

A light of chaos bubbled up in the middle of the array. Wang Ling squinted, and ramped up the protective golden light covering Wang Ming and Chen Chao to the highest level; their bodies wouldn't have been able to withstand the pressure from this spatial disorder otherwise.

At this point, if it had been any other student here, they would definitely have been torn apart by this light of chaos!

The biting cold pressure of this light felt like something from as far back as a century ago...

In the center where the array-guiding flag was, a glowing door gradually appeared!

It was fully over ten zhang 1 tall, and carved into its frame were strange, overlapping symbols that couldn't be discerned.

1(One zhang is roughly 3.3 meters.) The light around the door was also abnormally bright, and it took Wang Ming a long time to gradually get used to it before he felt like he could finally open his eyes.

Even though he had been shielded by Wang Ling's protective golden light, under this constant, evil light, it felt difficult to even just breathe.

"This is... the Gate Between Worlds??"

This was the first time that Wang Ming had come face-to-face with the Gate, and at so close a distance that it filled him with abject terror!

Without Wang Ling's protective golden light, he wouldn't have lasted even a second!

In front of this door, Wang Ming saw that there wasn't even the slightest ripple in Wang Ling's expression.

Wang Ling gazed at this massive, ten zhang tall door as if he were planning something.

"Lingzi 2 , don't try to be a hero!" Wang Ming shouted. "You have the Dao talisman seal on, you can't use your full power! If you don't think you can handle it, we can retreat first, get out of the light's range, and find a student to contact the outside world and get help from Secretary Dakang!"

2(Basically just a nickname, like 'Little Zhuozi.') The most critical thing was that Wang Ling couldn't take the talisman off so easily; if he did, he wouldn't be able to hold back his aura, and that would be disastrous for the whole small world! It would be a catastrophe more terrible than the descent of the Gate Between Worlds!

Right now, they were trapped in a dilemma.

Just then, there was another violent tremor.

With a resounding creak, the great door of the Gate Between Worlds slowly started to open!

In that instant, a storm wind came whistling out from the demon world, and Wang Ming's face twisted.

Carrying Chen Chao on his back, he grimly relied on the protective golden light for support.

He looked at Wang Ling and shouted anxiously, "Lingzi! No way! Come back!"

He had heard Secretary Dakang mention before that in order to seal the Gate Between Worlds six years ago, the Ten Founding Generals had combined their strength together up to a total of one billion jin , which had been barely enough to close the Gate! Right now, Wang Ling was still wearing the Dao talisman seal; Wang Ming felt that no matter what, it would be impossible for him!

Nevertheless, Wang Ling's steps didn't falter, and Wang Ming watched as he walked toward the Gate Between Worlds. He even saw that a demon claw as thick and solid as qiulong 3 had already stretched out through that open gap.

3(A Chinese dragon, contradictorily defined as both "horned dragon" and "hornless dragon .. ") "Lingzi, don't go! With your current strength, you won't be able to close it!" Wang Ming gave a heartbroken yell.

Ignoring Wang Ming's cry, Wang Ling stretched out his hand toward this massive door, then gave it a firm push.

Wang Ming heard... a loud " dong "!

The light of chaos in front of him disappeared...

And then, that thick, solid demon claw was directly snapped off by the great door, and with a crash, fell at Wang Ling's feet.

Wang Ming: "..."

...Ah?





Chapter 226 Déjà Vu Act


After Wang Ling closed the door of the Gate Between Worlds, the scene was tranquil once more.

According to records of the last few times that the Gate Between Worlds had descended, once it was completely open, a storm of demon aura would come lashing out in a frenzy and erode the entire city, creating various kinds of abnormal natural disasters.

But this wasn't the grand scene that was happening now at all...

Apart from the unusual fluctuations of the light of chaos caused by the door's descent, there was no longer any sign of any other abnormal phenomena. Wang Ling had shut the door too quickly; no sooner had the Gate Between Worlds been cracked open than it had been decisively closed with a " boom "... Wang Ming had even seen faint spiderweb cracks in the door frame, which was enough to demonstrate the force of Wang Ling's strength when he had closed the door.

Wang Ming was slack-jawed and stupefied at this scene.

This giant door had been closed with one hand...

This was enough to prove that the explosive power in just one of Wang Ling's arms was at least a billion jin ...

This type of power once again refreshed Wang Ming's understanding of Wang Ling's upper limits.

He had never thought that Wang Ling would be able to release this type of power with the Dao talisman seal on. God knew that this Dao talisman seal really was the only thing helping Wang Ling to better control his power and moderate his aura.

When he thought this, Wang Ming couldn't help breaking out in a cold sweat.

He truly couldn't imagine how terrifying it would be if Wang Ling removed the Dao talisman seal!

"So... the Gate Between Worlds is shut then?"

With Chen Chao on his back, Wang Ming stared blankly at the huge door in front of him and blinked.

It really had been shut too quickly...

He felt that even if the radar signal on their side hadn't been blocked, the broadcast in the conference room outside wouldn't have been able to switch to this scene in time at all.

Furthermore, he felt that he could already picture the twisted, "ate shit" expression on the face of that demon king inside the Gate Between Worlds.

That arm was incredibly thick and solid, and was as long as two or three adults lined up from head to toe. It bulged with blue veins, as if several qiulong were twined around it. Just from the size of the arm, Wang Ming thought that the demon king behind the door had to have been at least twenty-odd meters tall.

Six years ago, it was the first time that the demon army had ever collectively retreated.

It was obvious that this demon king had had to muster up its courage before stretching its arm out.

Its heart had been full of delight for the future revival of the demon race; full of excitement for the realization of the demon race's dream of glorious conquest; full of anticipation of the human cultivators' terror when the demon race descended upon them...

In the end, it had barely stretched out its hand...

When it was fucking cut off.

...

A few seconds before the Gate Between Worlds had descended, Er Ha had actually already been nearby.

It had then seen that familiar light of chaos pouring out of the Gate Between Worlds.

But it hadn't felt the slightest bit of fear, since it had come out of that door itself six years ago.

It was just that its ending had been a little tragic.

As soon as it had come out, ten-year-old Wang Ling had punched right through its abdomen, scaring off the demon army behind it into withdrawing straightaway.

This time, when it had seen the Gate Between Worlds descend once again, the first thing it had felt was that it was familiar and strange at the same time.

This was the small world which General Yi had specially created for the students participating in this survival contest. Logically speaking, the Gate Between Worlds, this dangerous thing, shouldn't be here at all.

So when it had seen the Gate Between Worlds, Er Ha had instantly had the thought that someone had summoned the door here!

But who would have the guts or the strength to manipulate the Gate Between Worlds and communicate with the demon race inside?

Er Ha hadn't been able to think of a logical answer at all.

It was at that very moment that it had seen the Gate Between Worlds open from a distance and a thick, purple demon claw stretch out through the opening.

Er Ha had widened its eyes. "This is... the troll clan?"

With one glance, it had almost immediately recognized this demon claw. Every demon had a demon talisman in its body which corresponded to its clan and identity. Er Ha was absolutely sure that this was a troll's demon claw, and from the size of the emerging arm alone, this had to be a demon king troll chief!

In the demon race's top one hundred ranking, the Tuntian Ha clan was ranked twenty-eighth, which was above average among all the demon clans, but the troll clan was the real ace of the demon race, and was in the top ten! A troll elder's prowess was already on par with Er Ha's true strength at its peak; what was more, this was a chief at the level of a demon king?

What to do? Advance?

One inch...

Yet another inch...

Er Ha saw that the purple claw had already stretched through the open crack of the door, and at last, a whole arm pushed through.

"It's coming out!"

The instant it had seen that arm, Er Ha had straightaway tensed up.

Back then, Wang Ling had only used a single punch to kill it.

But when all was said and done, this was a demon clan ranked in the top ten, and also a troll clan chief. Given that Wang Ling currently had the Dao talisman seal stuck on him, Er Ha felt that the outcome would be very hard to predict.

It had thought that it might be able to mediate the situation, but it had also felt that this troll chief absolutely wouldn't listen to it.

At that moment, Er Ha's heart had been very anxious.

However, it had just been for that moment.

It had watched Wang Ling walk step by step toward the Gate Between Worlds.

With one push from his hand, the Gate shut with a boom...

Er Ha: "..."

And then, nothing...

Er Ha saw that giant troll arm cut off just like that, and it fell from the air and crashed onto the ground...

This scene gave it a slight sense of déjà vu.

Er Ha had never ever thought that after six years, the demon race's invasion would unexpectedly fail once again.

What was more, the situation was even more bitter this time. At least the last time, several demons had succeeded in infiltrating Earth during the invasion.

This time, before it could even step through, Wang Ling had ruthlessly locked the demon out.

...

A hundred years later, on top of a cliff in the Gate Between Worlds.

This was the troll clan's ancestral land. An old, one-armed troll enjoyed the breeze while he sat on top of the cliff, cradling his grandson. His temples were gray and his long white hair hung down to puddle in a heap next to him.

The old troll was already getting along in years. He had withdrawn from his high position to start his life of retirement. Nowadays, he had whole lines of descendants. The grandson he was holding now was already two hundred years old, but only four meters tall. For the long-lived trolls, this was still a little kid...

The breeze blew over the cliff, and the grandson who had been sleeping deeply in the old troll's embrace woke up. He rubbed his eyes and stared at his grandfather. "Grandpa, grandpa, your arm, how did you lose it?"

One-armed old troll: "Why do you always ask me this question every day..."

Every day, as soon as his grandson woke up, he would ask the same question. He was about to go insane!

Little troll: "Because I'm really curious! But grandpa never answers me!"

The old troll looked at his grandson and said quietly, "Do you really want to know?"

The little troll nodded like a chicken pecking at rice. "I bet it was definitely when grandpa was fighting on the frontline in a fierce battle, and it was cut off by the enemy, right? I want to hear grandpa's story!"

The old troll shook his head. "No..."

Little troll: "Was it cut off when you were protecting grandma from a love rival?"

The old troll was silent for a while, and in the end decided to tell the truth. "You might not believe it, but grandpa's hand was cut off by a door."

Little troll: "..."





Chapter 227 It Used to Be a King...


Because of his poor physique, Wang Ming had been unable to cultivate his whole life. Even though he had the strongest brain, he was still very envious of Wang Ling's inherent realm.

What did it feel like to cultivate?

He actually really wanted to experience it.

But this was only just a thought, because if you wanted to become an excellent cultivator in the modern era, the pressure was quite intense!

Modern cultivation emphasized a quality education; the dragon-defying heaven 1 cultivation style of killing god or Buddha when they obstructed your way was already a thing of the past.

1(This is an Internet phrase usually used to mock protagonists with golden halos, i.e. those who score easy victories without needing to use their brains or much effort.) To be a renowned cultivator now, you not only had to be able to stand out, you also had to take on a certain degree of social responsibility.

In comparison, Wang Ming felt that the pressure on Wang Ling was larger than what he himself bore. Wang Ling lived everyday like he was treading water as he tried this and that to reduce his presence and prevent his strength from leaking out. In addition, he had to think about saving the world along the way...

The problem was that all these troublesome things were automatically laid at his door when he had never wanted to get involved.

The appearance of the Gate Between Worlds should have been a world-shaking event.

This time, Wang Ling had offhandedly closed the door and even cut off a demon king's arm in passing, saving the world unnoticed once again...

God knew what other kind of trouble there would be in the future.

Wang Ming looked at Wang Ling's exceptionally placid face next to him, and his heart immediately ached a little for his little brother.

After all, he was only sixteen years old...

...

About three minutes after Wang Ling had shut the door, the Gate Between Worlds started to disperse, becoming an afterimage, and the door that was over ten zhang tall seemed to dissolve in the air and gradually disappeared.

"Gone, just like that?" Wang Ming heaved a long sigh, looking a little tired. When he had faced the Gate Between Worlds earlier, the shock and impact had really been too overwhelming, and the experience had been more thrilling than riding a rollercoaster.

At that moment, there was a voice from the side. "The Gate Between Worlds' weapon spirit disappeared a thousand years ago, otherwise the Gate wouldn't have disappeared this quickly. Now, every time that it's open, it can only operate by consuming demon energy as a power source. Once the door is closed and there's no new energy source, the Gate Between Worlds will automatically disappear."

Wang Ming turned his head to look behind him, and realized that a green-furred akita had actually shown up who knew when.

He suddenly remembered that Father Wang had mentioned to him before that Wang Ling's class had a dog which the Wang family was now fostering.

It was just that he had never expected that this dog's identity wouldn't be so simple. Not only did it have intimate knowledge of the Gate Between Worlds, it was also able to speak human language!

"Why do you know so much about the Gate Between Worlds?" Wang Ming blinked and stared at Er Ha.

It was already in the past...

But like every other time when it came to this matter, Er Ha's eyes were already shimmering with crystal tears.

Er Ha: "Because I came out of it back then... I, this king, am a toad full of pride!"

Wang Ming: "..."

Er Ha: "Until... I landed in the human world, and Little Master Ling punched a hole right through my stomach."

Wang Ling and Wang Ming: "..."

Wang Ming rubbed his jaw and still thought it was a bit strange. "You said you're a toad. How on earth then did you turn into a dog?"

"It's a long story..."

Er Ha sighed, but at the same time was a bit mad in its heart: How I ended up in this situation, don't you two brothers have any freaking idea?!

"..."

Wang Ming looked at Er Ha and suddenly thought of a sentence.

It used to be a king... Later, it said 'forget it' 2 ...

2(This is an adapted lyric from a 'rap' song by popular live-streamer MC Tianyou ..) ...

Many screens were flashing in the conference room, and the old Secretary's eyes seemed unusually deep as he fixed his gaze on them.

Headmaster Chen felt it was a little strange. "Secretary Dakang, are you alright?"

The old Secretary frowned. "Perhaps it's just an illusion, but I feel that there's a different kind of fluctuation in the small world. Although Yi Jianchuan that old man is the source of this small world, I was also responsible for the basic establishment of some of its nomological laws when it was set up in the beginning."

As it turned out, the old Secretary's feeling wasn't wrong.

The Gate Between Worlds had made a crackling appearance in the small world, but the broadcast of that area had been completely blocked by Wang Ming.

Actually, the surveillance device in Zhuo Yi's hand had detected that fluctuation earlier on. The wave had undulated like a rollercoaster before climbing to a critical value that couldn't be measured. This had lasted for roughly three minutes before it had suddenly dropped to a normal range.

Zhuo Yi knew it had to be that his shifu had encountered something in the small world.

But in the end, they still couldn't outfox the old Secretary.

Pretending to look at the data, Zhuo Yi reported with deliberate calm, "Erm, indeed, there were three minutes of unusual activity in the surveillance data just now, but it returned to normal very quickly, so it's probably a system error."

A system error?

The old Secretary frowned.

That strength had really been too real and was very dangerous, but it wasn't the type of power that an evil demon could release. The old Secretary had felt a righteous aura contained in that sudden burst of power... really, it had felt just like the godly punishment, and was very pure!

Had it really just been an illusion?

"I feel like I might have sensed this same aura the last time during the spirit sword exchange meet between Number 59 High School and Number 60 High School..." He rubbed his stubble beard with a puzzled expression on his face.

However, the aura had only appeared for a very short while back then, and it hadn't been as strong as what he felt now.

"..." Zhuo Yi sweated a bit. He already knew what aura the old Secretary was talking about. After a spirit sword had been with its master for a long time, the aura it released would be similar to its master's, so the aura which the old Secretary had felt at that time was actually Jingke's.

Zhuo Yi looked around and noticed that Patriarch Reliance, sitting next to Headmaster Chen, looked like he wanted to say something. This patriarch was probably the strongest of the six school headmasters; he was an old senior addicted to seclusion, but with powers of perception that were almost uncanny.

What should he do?

Would everything be exposed?

There was some panic in Zhuo Yi's eyes.

"Old Secretary and headmasters, according to surveillance, there is a piece of good news..." Hurriedly, Zhuo Yi decided to change the subject.

The old Secretary raised his eyebrows. "What news?"

Zhuo Yi replied truthfully, "According to surveillance, the fluctuation from the Gate Between Worlds which we detected before has now completely disappeared."

"Disappeared?" The old Secretary widened his eyes.

Then, with a delighted expression, he got up and patted Zhuo Yi on the shoulder. "Little Zhuozi... last time, it was the sudden recapture of the younger sister of the Master of Shadow Stream; this time, it's the bizarre disappearance of the fluctuation from the Gate Between Worlds... I wasn't wrong, you truly are a mascot!"

Zhuo Yi: "..."





Chapter 228 Old Li, Breaking Down


After Huaxiu nation had detected the fluctuation from the Gate Between Worlds two days ago, the whole country had entered a class A emergency state of defense. Taking into account the possibility that the Gate Between Worlds might be forcibly summoned by criminals, passengers taking the subway in the last few days could be randomly stopped by the police asking to check their water meter 1 , and only after relevant information on their identities were verified were they allowed to go.

1(This is a colloquial term used to describe how police can barge into a home under false pretences.) However, no one could have thought...

The matter of the Gate Between Worlds would already be over before it had even begun...

...

Wang Ling stared at the demon king's huge arm on the ground. Finally, he opened his Heavenly Eye and put the arm away in the Eye's vision world.

The demon king's arm would be too obvious if left here, and it would be suspicious if outsiders found it.

Having done all this, he sighed slightly with relief, then turned his head and noticed Er Ha looking like it had nothing to live for anymore.

Wang Ling: "..." What are you doing?

Er Ha: "I'm thinking about my sorrowful first life..."

Wang Ling and Wang Ming: "..."

Er Ha slowly went to Wang Ling's feet and used its dog paw to touch the edge of the deep pit created from where the troll's huge arm had crashed to the ground; there still seemed to be some lingering warmth. "I'm bitter, I'm really bitter. I shouldn't have rushed recklessly into the human world in the beginning. If I hadn't rushed in, I wouldn't have been killed by a punch, and I also wouldn't have fallen to such a grievous point..."

Wang Ling: "..." This guy was now so agitated that even its accent had come out...

Wang Ming bent down to rub the dog's head gently. "We shouldn't have let it see this scene..."

Actually, he could really understand what it was feeling.

He remembered that in the novels he had read before, those protagonists who were reborn in different worlds would begin to adapt to their new lives, wholeheartedly resolved to live beautifully and happily in these alien worlds...

Obviously, Er Ha was a more sensible toad.

The demon king's arm had reminded it of its children and grandchildren on the other side in the Gate Between Worlds.

But now with its dog body, Er Ha felt that even if it went back to the demon world, it wouldn't be able to explain itself even after jumping into the Yellow River 2 ...

2(This is adapted from the colloquial phrase 'Even jumping into the Yellow River won't wash you clean,' meaning that there's nothing a person can do to remove whatever stigma is on him ..) Moreover, to showcase the identity of the Tuntian Ha king, during each toad king's reign, exclusive currency with the toad king's image on it would be issued.

Er Ha felt that even if it was able to explain itself clearly, return to the toad clan and then become the toad king again... they wouldn't go as far as to put a dog's head on their money, right?!

...

At this moment in the desert, the poisonous circle had already shrunk a second time.

Wang Ming raised his eyes to look around. After the first contraction, the toxic fog had still been very far away. Now, it had rolled in into perceivable range, enough so that the term "close at hand" could be used to describe the distance. The next wave would completely cover the ruins and the border towns.

"We have to go, otherwise we'll be poisoned by the third wave and die." Wang Ming frowned and jostled the person on his back; Chen Chao had yet to regain consciousness.

Want to wake him up?

Wang Ling raised his eyes to look at Wang Ming and asked telepathically.

Wang Ming nodded. "Wake him up, otherwise it will be hard for us to move around."

Okay...

Then the only thing they could do was force him to wake up.

In the next moment, Wang Ling raised his hand...

When he saw this, Wang Ming was scared into breaking out in a cold sweat. "— Hang on!"

After this incident with the Gate Between Worlds, he now had a new understanding of his little brother's prowess. Even with the Dao talisman seal on, Wang Ling could actually still exert a tremendous force of one billion jin with a single arm... if this slap wasn't on point, Chen Chao's head might be directly sent flying.

Hence, Wang Ming stopped this palm before it fell. "Let me do it... if you did it, Chen Chao might not see the sun rise tomorrow."

Wang Ling: "..."

...

On the top of a tall building in the center of the city in the little world, Immortal Toya looked at the number above Pingding Mountain; there were currently eight thousand people left.

Immortal Toya looked in the direction of the desert. "It seems that Senior Ling has settled the matter over there."

The corner of Old Li's mouth twitched. "Senior Ling actually... shut the door single-handedly?"

Standing in this position, the two men had been able to clearly see everything from the top.

Immortal Toya held a hand to his forehead. "I've realized that I've seriously underestimated Senior Ling's true strength..."

"...So have I." Old Li's eyes were just thin slits, and he couldn't stop sweating. "I heard from Secretary Dakang that six years ago, the ten of them, the founding generals, had had to use their combined strength before they could close the Gate Between Worlds... Even if the rumor is that they hadn't used the fullest extent of their strength back then, it still seems that Senior Ling shut it too easily. This door isn't fake, is it?"

"..."

Immortal Toya: "That can't be it... because the conference room in the outside world reported just now that the fluctuation from the Gate Between Worlds which they had detected before has indeed disappeared."

"If that's true, Senior Ling is really too terrifying..." Old Li heaved a sigh.

He had predicted what Wang Ling's true realm was before, but now seeing it with his own eyes again, it was more terrifying than he had imagined.

He felt that even if he spent his whole life struggling to do so, he had no hope of catching up to such a realm.

Immortal Toya and Old Li were both silent as they gazed into the distance.

As chief commander and deputy commander of the military training this time, both of them shared a tacit understanding at this moment to choose to suppress this incident.

This was a wise choice, and in a sense showed their respect for Senior Ling.

If this senior discovered that they had spread word of this thing, they would definitely die very miserable deaths...

"But now doesn't seem to be the time to take it easy. Senior Toya should have noticed it too, right?" Old Li had yet to relax as he looked into the distance with a solemn expression.

"Mm, I noticed that something snuck in." Immortal Toya stroked his white chin and nodded. "I had actually already smelled it before entering the small world. It's an off-putting smell, and the aura is very evil. Compared with these children's vitality, it's as filthy as university squat toilets that haven't been washed for years after use."

"..."

Old Li: "Before entering the small world, Senior Toya had already smelled it?"

"Otherwise?" Immortal Toya narrowed his eyes and smiled. "I've been cultivating alchemy for years, and my five senses are constantly exposed to panaceas, so they're exceptionally sensitive. My sense of smell in particular is even more sensitive than the noses of some spirit dogs. The old Secretary has been sending me out to work in narcotics. A few months ago, there was an organization called Saint Cavalry that had been selling fake milk powder, and I was the one who personally detected it."

"..."

After listening to Immortal Toya, Old Li silently dropped his head and became lost in thought.

Was he the only normal person in this circle...?





Chapter 229 I Want You!


Afterwards, Wang Ling teleported Wang Ming and the others to a warehouse in the central district that was currently empty. It also happened to be a pretty good location right in the center of the toxic fog circle.

Chen Chao also regained consciousness after suffering the pain of Wang Ming's Ten Subduing Dragon Slaps 1 .

1(This is adapted from the fictional Eighteen Subduing Dragon Palms martial arts technique) After being slapped heavily, both his cheeks had red handprints on them.

"You're awake?" Wang Ming swung his arm around. Those slaps had hurt!

For every action there was an equal and opposite reaction. Slapping a Foundation Establishment body was far more painful than slapping an ordinary person...

"Second... second brother?" Chen Chao noticed his drool on the ground, and it seemed like there were still traces of it on Wang Ming's shoulder, so he hurriedly jumped to his feet. "Sorry, second brother... when the military training is over, give me your clothes and I'll wash them for you."

"Forget it, it's just clothes." Wang Ming waved his hand magnanimously.

Chen Chao had utterly no memory of what had happened before he had fainted. He only remembered that he had had a very happy dream of participating in the Olympic Games for the glory of his country! This was his lifelong dream...

But why had he suddenly fallen asleep halfway through the military training, and had had such a pleasant dream?

Chen Chao scratched his head in distress and didn't quite get it.

In fact, this was one of the effects of Wang Ling's Great Purification Spell. Apart from clearing the body of poison, it could also clear away distracting thoughts.

When a person wasn't distracted by their thoughts, they would naturally sleep very well.

Sometimes at home, when Father Wang had revised his manuscript to the point of becoming fed-up, he would get Wang Ling to cast the Great Purification Spell on him to ensure that he got sufficient quality of sleep.

Wang Ming looked at Chen Chao's puzzled expression and offered an excuse which he had prepared beforehand: "We fell into a trap set up by a group of people just now, you were hit by a fog that made you dizzy, and you fainted. The incident has already been resolved."

"Oh, I see!" Chen Chao suddenly understood.

" Woof ! —" There was the sound of a bark.

Chen Chao spun around and looked down; only then did he notice Er Ha. "Er Ha? Why are you here?"

"We counterattacked while you were unconscious, and Er Ha did great work!" Wang Ming said as he rubbed Er Ha's soft dog head.

Chen Chao was so excited that he hugged Er Ha and kissed him. "Er Ha, you're so cool!"

Er Ha: "..."

Now that he had come to his senses, Chen Chao suddenly realized there was a problem.

It was only then that he noticed that Classmate Wang Ling was gone!

...

After placing Wang Ming and the others in a relatively safe location, Wang Ling started moving on his own; he would be completely unable to act freely if there were other people around.

The matter with the Gate Between Worlds seemed to be over, but the villain behind it had not yet surfaced.

Wang Ling had actually already pretty much guessed who that person was. He could count on his fingers the number of people who had the means to summon the Gate Between Worlds to this small world.

He had seen for himself the devil spirit which the old devil had summoned while fighting with that young man from Immortal Mansion. This old devil had so many tricks up his sleeves; he definitely had to have more than one devil spirit that he had subdued. It was a very real possibility that he could sacrifice a bunch of devil spirits to convert them into demon energy to use as a source for operating the Gate Between Worlds.

Hence, the key for Wang Ling now was to find the old devil's location.

However, that devil's aura was hidden too well...

On one hand, Wang Ling had to make sure the students in the small world weren't aware of what was going on. On the other hand, he also had to avoid alerting those headmasters and seniors in the conference room in the outside world. This was going to be very difficult to do.

Additionally, he had already decided.

When he found the old devil, he would use a method similar to "boiling a frog" which would kill the old devil slowly yet soundlessly and without creating a stir... although Wang Ming had already blocked his signal earlier, he wasn't sure if he truly wouldn't be noticed by the people in the conference room.

As expected, the royal way to deal with this type of crafty devil was to make him suffer a slow death!

After making this decision, Wang Ling turned around and walked out of the dark alley.

But he had only taken a few steps when he abruptly stopped after sensing a gaze on his back.

Who?

He felt a little surprised since he had already confirmed earlier that there wasn't anyone nearby!

"Not bad, not bad, you have very highly-attuned senses, far more outstanding than most of the students here."

Wang Ling turned his head slightly. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw an elder with a white hedgehog head 2 gradually manifest a dozen meters away behind him. The light talisman wound around the elder's body like a snake slowly faded the moment the elder showed himself, floating away on the currents in the air...

2(This just means he has spiky hair.) This person had actually wrapped himself in the nomological powers of this little world, and had completely melded with its aura!

In such a situation, no one should be able to sense him at all using ordinary means of spiritual perception.

Wang Ling immediately sighed in his heart. He had miscalculated!

"Do you know who I am?" The elder with the hedgehog head smiled at Wang Ling.

He was dressed in white exercise clothes with a red sash tied around his waist, and they fluttered gently in the breeze, giving a strong impression of a great master.

As for his identity, when Wang Ling saw the huge "Yi" character on the right side of this elder's chest, he already had no energy to ridicule it.

He really wanted to ask this elder: Are you from the Turtle Hermit School or the Crane Hermit School 3 ...

3(This is a reference to martial arts schools in Dragonball; their uniforms tend to bear the school names in large characters ..) But given this person's identity, he didn't ask the question in the end.

Then, the scene fell into silence.

A moment later, it was still the elder with the hedgehog head who ended up speaking first and breaking the quiet. "I felt the aura of the Gate Between Worlds in the small world earlier, but when I came here, the aura had suddenly disappeared."

Wang Ling: "..."

"Although I'm not clear on what's going on, I feel that the person that I, this old man, am looking for should still be in this world. So this old man has been observing events in this small world in secret... and it wasn't long before I noticed you. Looking at your school uniform, you should be... a student from Number 60 High School?"

The elder narrowed his eyes slightly, and his pupils churned oddly as he stared at Wang Ling. "Your realm doesn't just stop at the Foundation Establishment stage, does it?"

When the elder said this, Wang Ling felt his scalp turn numb. He really had been too careless! He completely hadn't expected the legendary General Yi to show up here!

Was he going to be exposed?

Wang Ling was silent as he chose not to reply.

"You can't hide it from me..."

Noticing this, the elder stared at Wang Ling with a smile. "You're actually at the Golden Core stage, aren't you?"

Wang Ling: "..."

Noticing that Wang Ling wasn't saying anything, the elder was even more certain that he had guessed right. "You're only in Senior Grade One but you've already reached the Golden Core stage; your future prospects are truly incalculable."

Wang Ling: "..."

The elder smiled. "I think you're pretty good. How about it? Do you want to be my disciple? I want you!"

Wang Ling: "..."

Were old seniors nowadays all this blunt?





Chapter 230 You've Succeeded in Getting My Attention!


It actually wasn't difficult to guess General Yi's identity, so if a normal student had been directly told by General Yi that he would accept him as a disciple on the spot, he would probably already have been jumping for joy by now.

But Wang Ling hadn't agreed at all, and the best thing he could do now was maintain his silence. Actually, he had also thought before that finding a shifu to use as a shield and hide his identity was a possibility... but General Yi was in the end an old senior in the cultivation world and one of the Ten Founding Generals who had shaken the entire Huaxiu nation — someone like this next to him would really be too eye-catching.

All in all, Wang Ling concluded that his encounter with General Yi this time was a mistake... he should have been more careful.

Furthermore, now that there was this type of old senior around, his plan to let loose in his search for the old devil had been completely ruined; no matter what, he couldn't expose his true strength.

For the moment, he would wait and see what General Yi's next step would be.

He sighed helplessly in his heart, and The Helplessness of the Immortal King BGM was already playing in his mind.

His silence, however, didn't make the elder feel the slightest bit depressed; conversely, he became even more interested.

General Yi's eyes, which were fixed on Wang Ling, seemed to glow with light. "I really didn't read you wrong. A normal student should already be jumping for joy if I told them that I would accept them as my disciple, right?"

Wang Ling: "..."

General Yi: "You're very good! You've succeeded in getting my attention!"

"..." Wang Ling already lacked the strength to ridicule this stereotypical scenario of a domineering CEO meeting his leading lady.

General Yi stepped forward and placed a hand on Wang Ling's shoulder. "I don't think you know me well enough yet. Why don't we make some big headlines together? How about trying to improve our relationship? Don't worry, this won't hold up your participation in the survival contest. Since I like you, I'll bring you good luck. As long as you're willing to follow me, I guarantee it'll be 'winner winner chicken dinner' for you. It won't take too much of your time!"

Wang Ling chose once again to remain silent. "..."

Now... what other options do I have?

General Yi wasn't very tall, and actually, he almost looked like Jingke. In order to put his hand on Wang Ling's shoulder, his whole body had floated up a little.

Wang Ling was amazed that he could float in the air without the use of any magic artifacts. This was the realm level of a true immortal.

"I'm going to catch an old enemy, and this time, I must catch him personally."

Saying this, General Yi looked in one direction and said off-handedly, "Can you guess where he's hiding?"

...

As Devil Emperor Gua Pi's old adversary, General Yi's understanding of the old devil could be said to be completely beyond Wang Ling's imagination.

"Given what I know about that person's shitty personality, if I can't sense him on the small world's surface, there's only one other possibility..." General Yi looked intently at the ground under his feet.

Three minutes later, with his bare hands, he had dug a hole which could hold at least three people.

General Yi: "I'm guessing that he definitely escaped underground, and he's using the protection of a magic treasure to hide his aura."

"..." Wang Ling looked at the hole at his feet with puzzlement in his eyes. So, why did it have to be bare-handed?

"This guy is very cautious. If you use talismans like the earth-opening spell, the slightest fluctuation would draw his attention, so at this time, the best way is to do it bare-handed."

Saying this, he jumped in lightly, then waved at Wang Ling outside the pit. "Come in; if you don't come in, how can I take you flying 1 ?"

1(This is sort of like the cocky equivalent of 'taking someone on a ride .. ') Wang Ling gave the deep pit an apathetic look, and finally jumped in. After all, this was an invitation from an old senior, and it wouldn't be polite for him to refuse.

General Yi was widely renowned, and to be honest, Wang Ling was very nervous.

He felt that the most important thing for him now was to maintain this pace, behave like a junior as much as possible, and behave naturally...

He couldn't let things progress to a "last resort" situation; he really didn't want to have to knock this old senior out and then forcefully erase his memory. If he really did that, he would definitely give himself away, given this senior's realm.

...

Wang Ling had barely landed in the pit when General Yi cast a spell to fill in the top of the hole, thoroughly turning their surroundings into a closed space.

Wang Ling was actually very curious about what this old senior was going to do next.

General Yi released a light fluctuation of spirit energy and a sheen of protective immortal light covered his body, thoroughly illuminating the sealed space. He carefully felt for the old devil's aura, then gave a confident smile. "As I expected, this guy is underground. Moreover, he's now planning to absorb the vitality of the thousands of all you students here to flesh out the skeleton and reconstruct the corporeal body, thus resurrecting himself in this way."

Wang Ling was a little amazed. This sounded like it was probably the old devil's private plan, but General Yi actually knew so much about it?

"Are you wondering why I even know this?" General Yi laughed.

"Although he had avoided the state's most powerful efforts at seizing him back then, this old guy hadn't been careful while he was mucking around and had screwed up, sealing himself in the stone ghost mask. Because of a freak combination of factors, he had been able to use the mask to escape.

"But it would never have occurred to him that when I hit him with my final Palm Sword strike back then, I planted a surveillance chip directly inside his soul. Hence, I've been spying on his movements over all these years..."

Wang Ling: "..."

"But unfortunately, we had just put forward a proposed plan to seize him when that old guy had actually cruelly and directly moved against those twenty delivery riders first. Because of that, in light of the corresponding harm to society, the capture plan was brought forward."

He continued, "As for those innocent delivery employees, I've already personally called the insurance department to fast track the matter through the green channel so that we can reconstruct bodies for the souls of those delivery employees as soon as possible. As for the array for absorbing vitality which that old guy is preparing, actually, from the very beginning, it was never going to work.

"The key to this array for absorbing vitality and reconstructing a body is the skeleton. But that Ancient Almighty's skeleton is actually fake."

Wang Ling: "..."

General Yi: "When our Huaxiu was founded back then, the thing we were best at was manufacturing knock-offs and quality fakes; as long as it could be done, we would do it."

Wang Ling: "..."

"So the skeleton which that old guy found is actually a quality fake which I'd specially prepared for him... when I took it out to be used back then, I was almost criticized for it."

General Yi sighed deeply. "Do you know the crystal sarcophagus in the National Palace of Huaxiu? Every year, schools probably organize for people to go and worship this old senior... in fact, the skeleton in the crystal sarcophagus is a quality fake. The real skeleton has already been hidden away."

Crystal sarcophagus?

Wang Ling: "..." The skeleton in that crystal sarcophagus belonged to the founder of Huaxiu nation!

General Yi: "Looking at your expression, you've probably already guessed it. That's right... I took the knock-off skeleton which that old guy is using now from that crystal sarcophagus."

Wang Ling was completely, utterly stunned. "..."





Chapter 231 The Legendary "According to Plan"?


Wang Ling had always thought that there were actually very few things in the world that could shock him, but he was still startled by General Yi's words.

He was utterly dumbfounded. He felt that his poker face had been pretty constant since birth, but now, General Yi had genuinely and completely stunned him into revealing a rare expression as the corner of his mouth twitched despite himself.

There was even this type of operation...

Even if the skeleton in the crystal sarcophagus was a quality fake, it was still a quality imitation of the skeleton of Huaxiu's founding father!

Was it really alright to do this?

At that very moment, standing in the pit with this elder and with the protective immortal light from this elder's body illuminating the entire hole, Wang Ling could clearly see the unperturbed expression on General Yi's face. "So everything is for the sake of catching that old devil. He's now found a stand-in and wants to leave the stone ghost mask. If we let him get away with reconstructing the body, I fear that Huaxiu's peace and security will disappear in the days to come. Furthermore, all the evidence suggests that this devil still has followers in the current world, and they are not weak."

After hearing this, Wang Ling completely understood. It turned out that this had been a trap from the beginning.

After a surveillance chip had been planted inside the old devil's soul, the series of events related to the cooperation between the old devil and the Master of Shadow Stream Jiang Liuyue, from his being released from the stone ghost mask to reconstructing the body through a body-turning spell... General Yi had in fact known all of this.

What was even scarier was that if the surveillance chip hidden in General Yi's Palm Sword that year was the starting point, then this trap had already been set a thousand years ago.

Wang Ling wasn't someone who liked to gossip.

Even if General Yi hadn't said it, he actually wouldn't have cared at all. The only reason why he wanted to fix that old devil was all because the other party had disrupted his life.

It wasn't just that, he had also severely held up his studies!

That was the one thing that Wang Ling couldn't bear.

Of course, he was also very clear on why General Yi was telling him all this.

This was because the General was completely treating him as one of his people already, and the thing about wanting to take Wang Ling as his disciple was no joke — he was serious!

"Do you know who made this surveillance chip?"

It looked like it would still be a while before the trap was sprung. General Yi directly sat cross-legged on the ground with a very calm expression. "There's a youngster who's known as the strongest brain in our Huaxiu's Cultivation Academy of Science. This chip was made based on his research formula and I can guarantee that that devil can't detect it. If there's an opportunity next time, I'll introduce him to you."

Wang Ling: "..."

General Yi looked at the time and found that they still had some time to spare. "In a while, we'll start tightening the net. This old man will go out first to draw that devil out, and the remaining one hundred people will join forces together to create the Five Elements Great Array to capture him! The reason he could always escape before was all because of the Purple Gold Gourd. Once he's trapped in the array, he won't be able to escape, even with the gourd."

It was as if Wang Ling could already see the headlines from these words.

No wonder a hundred instructors had entered the small world; it turned out that all this had been carefully planned out.

And judging from the elder's words, Wang Ling felt that perhaps even the original purpose for holding the survival contest was to lure the old devil out.

General Yi had known earlier on that this devil would want to absorb the students' vitality to reconstruct the body.

"This old guy is really working slowly now, but it's not so easy to set up the Body-Turning Array."

General Yi sighed; he was a bit impatient at having to wait, so he simply took out his cellphone and started surfing the Internet.

Wang Ling had a glimpse of it and saw that a chat window was open, and General Yi was using the ID "Nine Times In One Night" to chat with someone.

Wait...

Nine Times In One Night?

Wasn't this that Nine Times Man in the chat group?

The Nine Times Man in the chat group who claimed to be a mengxin 1 and who had been swindled into buying a fake Sunflower Manual ?!

1('Mengxin' basically means someone who is a newbie..) Wang Ling felt it was inconceivable... he had completely never expected Nine Times Man's true identity to actually be General Yi!

"This is a group I joined a few years ago, it's very interesting."

General Yi slid his finger down the screen as he spoke. "Many people think we old guys in the cultivation circle are a stiff-faced bunch that stand high above everyone else. But this old man realized something: as people get older and their abilities become more profound, they also become more playful."

Wang Ling: "..."

General Yi: "Sometimes, when you create an alternate account and mingle around in the chat group and communicate with your juniors, you might reap an unexpected harvest and even gain new enlightenment on the meaning of Dao."

Wang Ling: "..."

In fact, Wang Ling's impression of the group's Nine Times Man was that he seemed to be a very lively and dopey person. General Yi himself was also an old street urchin 2 ; on this point, he was closest in character to his ID.

2(Lao wantong, or 'old urchin,' refers to an adult who has a childish or playful nature ..) However, it was probably only General Yi who could do something like this, a grand big shot pretending to be a mengxin to mingle with juniors in the chat group and circle.

Immortal Toya had created this chat group for those old users and star-level active users from the cultivation forum. It could be said that everyone there was a "trusted follower." Immortal Toya had investigated the identity of each person who was eligible to join the group and verified the relevant information before allowing them in.

As one of the Ten Founding Generals of Huaxiu nation, it was simply too easy for General Yi to forge an identity.

After talking for a while, General Yi then started to tell Wang Ling about his opinion of some people in the chat group. "The group owner Lord Thunder is actually the disciple of a good friend and brother of mine from back then. Who would have thought that in a blink of an eye, he had already grown up so much. His chivalrous spirit and his particular fondness for focusing on the oddest things... is really just like his shifu ."

When General Yi said this, Wang Ling thought of the broccoli that Lord Thunder had been obsessing over.

"Immortal Toya, level nine alchemist. Back when the Xiao clan held an alchemist contest, he competed one-on-one with each of the Xiao clan's top ten alchemists and won."

General Yi seemed to know a lot about each person's story. "This junior's future is bright. This old man has been looking for a chance to meet him, so I asked Little Dakang to hire him as the chief instructor for this survival contest."

Wang Ling: "..."

Little... Little Dakang?

"There is also the group manager Cailian Zhenren. To be honest, for the operation to capture the old devil this time, this Cailian Zhenren gave this old man a lot of inspiration. However, the person I'm still the most interested in is this one..."

Saying that, his finger slid across the screen and he ultimately focused on one person in the list of group members.

He pointed at Wang Ling's profile picture.





Chapter 232 Throwing a Cup as the Signal!


To maintain his low-key style in the chat group, the online profile picture which Wang Ling had chosen was actually very old-school; it was of a man with a cigarette in his mouth and wearing a black hat, with skin that was whiter than a ghost. The profile picture had also been modified with the classic filter.

The modern view would be that this picture wasn't trendy.

Wang Ling sucked in a sharp breath... he had thought that he was already inconspicuous enough, yet General Yi had still noticed him.

For the first time, he felt that he had completely and utterly miscalculated.

He had been on guard against so many people, but he had had no idea at all that the one he should have been the most wary of was now by his side.

Moreover, it could be said that General Yi's insight was completely beyond Wang Ling's imagination.

"The reason why this old man is interested in this person is purely because of this profile picture." General Yi stroked his moustache and said, "There are many friends in my Friends Circle who like to disguise themselves to flirt with the juniors. They all use pretty much the same method, choosing a silly-looking profile picture with a silly-sounding online name to hide their identities."

Wang Ling: "..."

General Yi: "Consider this a piece of life knowledge which this old man is passing on to you. When you're online in the future, don't ever judge others by their profile pictures or online names; there might be big shots behind them. For example, I used to have the name Blossom Never Withering, Elder Brother's Pose 1 ."

1(This is based on a popular pattern for creating online names consisting of 8 Chinese character divided into two 4-character phrases) Wang Ling: "..."

"If you meet someone who might potentially be a big shot, don't hurry to curry favor with them, otherwise it will backfire on you."

General Yi was very serious as he said, "In this situation, the most ideal thing to do... is to first quietly upgrade your membership by adding ten yuan!"

"..."

About ten minutes later, General Yi's non-stop chatter finally subsided.

"Don't mind me nattering on. What this old man is teaching you are the communication skills of modern cultivation. As long as you can grasp them, becoming immortal won't be just a dream." General Yi said, "Like in the past, this old man knew a junior with the surname Song who randomly started hanging out in a cultivation chat group. In just five months, his realm had improved by leaps and bounds, and he's become a new person. So all this isn't some old man's nonsense. They're all case studies!"

Wang Ling: "..."

After the conversation ended, the underground space instantly lapsed into silence.

A long silence...

In the end, it was still General Yi who broke it. "I've already felt that that devil is a little bit impatient, and the Body-Turning Array is about to be activated. After that, as long as we successfully activate the Five Elements Great Array, we can ensure that this devil can't use any kind of magic weapon to escape, and we'll use the boiled frog method to exhaust him to death!"

"..." Wang Ling was shocked again.

Boiled frog...

This General Yi had even thought of the same attack method as Wang Ling!

"This old man and the one hundred instructors outside agreed earlier that I would throw a cup as a signal; they'll act as soon as they hear it."

For some reason, when he spoke about throwing a cup, General Yi's unperturbed face actually flushed a little, and he seemed a little excited. "The inspiration for throwing this cup actually comes from Cailian Zhenren in the chat group..."

Wang Ling looked at General Yi with contemplative eyes. Now that all his plans had been uncovered, the old devil was already completely trapped. If General Yi's plan went smoothly, the life of this terrifying devil, who struck fear in the hearts of the people of Huaxiu nation, would today come to an end.

But would the plan truly proceed smoothly?

...

In an underground space elsewhere, all the preparations for the operation of the array had been completed.

Once the array was infused with enough spirit energy, it would be activated, and the Body-Turning Spell would be used to drive it.

But before this last step, the old devil hesitated. He stood in front of the array with his chin in his hand as he pondered and delayed making a move.

Jiang Liuyue asked from the stone ghost mask, "What's wrong, Lord Devil Emperor?"

The old devil couldn't help frowning. "My venerable self feels that something doesn't seem quite right..."

First of all, he had discovered that the Gate Between Worlds hadn't landed smoothly. He had been concentrating on setting up the array earlier, and hadn't had time to focus on what was happening with the Gate.

The only thing that he was certain of was that in this small world, without the Ten Founding Generals to combine their strength to close the door, there was absolutely no one who could close that large door on their own...

So, he attributed the situation with the Gate Between Worlds to insufficient demon energy.

But he had sacrificed ten devil spirits at the Void Refinement stage for it, so how could the demon energy not be enough?

The old devil was feeling very conflicted in his heart now.

Except for that incident, everything else was proceeding too smoothly.

From entering the small world to opening up the underground space to setting up the array, there actually hadn't been the slightest obstruction.

"You don't know, but my venerable self had once been duped by my wife in a past situation that was a bit similar to this one. At that time, my venerable self had planned to seize Huaxiu's National Palace with the Gua Pi Army, but I hadn't expected that old man Yi Jianchuan to use the empty city strategy 2 , so my army was annihilated in an instant."

2(This involves deceiving an army into thinking that an empty location contains traps or an ambush so that they decide to withdraw.) The old devil frowned and said, "In fact, before attacking the city, my venerable self had already picked up on some hints, so I canceled the plan. But my silly wife insisted that I press on, and in the end I was stuck in a dilemma."

Jiang Liuyue was also surprised. "...So Lord Devil Emperor thinks this is a trap?"

"It's very likely."

The old devil said, "Like in the previous siege, before attacking the National Palace, all my plans had proceeded smoothly without the slightest hitch. And it's the same this time... except for something going wrong with the Gate Between Worlds, everything else has just been too easy. This is a little world created by Yi Jianchuan that old man, and he knows me inside out. I've already been here for quite a while, yet he actually hasn't made a single move.

"And now that I think about it carefully, I had obtained this skeleton a bit too easily, as if it had already been prepared for my venerable self..."

Jiang Liuyue: "Could it be that Lord Devil Emperor is thinking too much?"

Staring at the Ancient Almighty's glowing skeleton in front of him, the old devil sighed slightly. "I hope so... but the one hundred people out there make me uneasy. If they join hands to set up a great array, even my venerable self wouldn't be able to escape it."

Jiang Liuyue shook her head. "This junior thinks Lord Devil Emperor is overthinking it. Lord Devil Emperor is only one step away from being completely reborn. Once you are resurrected, who in this world can defeat you?"

The old devil considered Jiang Liuyue's words carefully, and finally nodded his head. "Yes... there is always risk in the pursuit of riches and honor; it seems that my venerable self is being timid."

Saying that, the old devil's fingertips glowed with spirit light, and robust spirit energy spread out to envelop the skeleton.

The Body-Turning Array had been activated.

...

At the same time, in an underground space elsewhere, General Yi received the signal almost a split second later that the old devil had activated the array.

"It's been over a thousand years... as expected, the key to victory is that mine which this old man buried in the Palm Sword. Speaking of which, have you heard of Stein's Gate 3 ?" General Yi sighed and looked at Wang Ling.

3("Steins;Gate" is a visual novel game that was later adapted into manga and anime ..) Wang Ling was startled; he had read in ancient texts that it was a door that allowed a person to travel back and forth freely to change the timeline.

Who would have thought that to deal with the old devil, Huaxiu nation would actually use this trump card?

But Wang Ling felt that it was a little strange, because legend had it that Stein's Gate had been sealed by Huaxiu's founding father long ago... without him, how could the seal have been undone?

"Back then, we had to try everything we could to send the chip back to the past so that we could monitor that devil." Speaking of this, General Yi's gaze instantly became serious.

Wang Ling also frowned as he looked in one direction; he had felt a strange fluctuation of spirit energy.

Had it started?

"Now is the time to throw the cup and finally tighten the net..." General Yi narrowed his eyes, then stuck his right hand into his clothes to finally pull out a long string of pink bras which he flung hard onto the ground.

Wang Ling: "..."

What fucking throw a cup as the signal!

It turned out to be breast cups?!

Wait!

Why did you have bras in your shirt?!





Chapter 233 The Old Devil's Dignity


General Yi had specially prepared this long string of bras for this plan. When the bras were flung to the ground, the slight fluctuation of spirit energy generated would instantly link the one hundred instructors together... It could only be said that General Yi was in the end General Yi, and Wang Ling thought that even if he were to cultivate for another hundred years, he would never be able to follow this line of thinking.

A minute later, the instructors on the top of each building in the small world received the signal at the same time. Led by Immortal Toya, they began to lock down the old devil's position and set up the Five Elements Great Array.

"Coordinates locked!

"Array confirmed!"

"Spirit energy reserve confirmed!"

"Activate the array!"

Sitting on the top of a tall building as he instructed the one hundred instructors, Immortal Toya gave the command to start the array, and spirit energy came surging forth out of the instructors' palms like the kamehameha.

These one hundred light rays swiftly condensed into a five-colored magic sphere above the confirmed coordinates. Then, this magic sphere started to slowly extend outward to form a massive six-pointed star array which covered the sky.

It was truly a spectacular scene, like fireworks at night, and far more magnificent than the fireworks at the Xiao Family Compound.

Students from the six schools all stopped in their tracks.

What was wrong?

Was the godly punishment circle coming?

In a short moment, the panicked students all stopped fighting and retreated back into the buildings.

Wang Ling paused as he followed General Yi.

The Five Elements Great Array was something that people would have only read about in ancient books and never seen for themselves.

It was a powerful array that had only been used one thousand years ago when the demon gods had invaded Earth from the Gate Between Worlds during that era. Because its restrictive force was tremendously strong and it consumed massive amounts of energy, only the Almightys could specially use this array in order to deal with the demon gods.

...

The instant the Five Elements Great Array was activated, the old devil had already felt the fluctuation from a distance, deep in the earth.

Sure enough... he had fallen into a trap!

Furthermore, he immediately realized that it was his old adversary who had set this trap for him.

"Yi Jianchuan, I knew that you wouldn't let my venerable self go so easily..." The old devil looked in the direction of the sky and took a deep breath. He stared at the skeleton in front of him contemplatively. He should have realized earlier on that there was something wrong with it!

"What's wrong, Lord Devil Emperor?" asked Jiang Liuyue from the stone ghost mask.

"My venerable self has fallen into a trap. This skeleton of the Ancient Almighty is a fake, and the Body-Turning Array won't work on a fake at all." The old devil looked in the direction of the sky. "Worse, my venerable self can already sense the aura of the Five Elements Great Array... a net has already been laid out outside. With the Five Elements Great Array open, I can't escape, even with the Purple Gold Gourd."

"Then what should we do now?" Jiang Liuyue had never ever anticipated that things would actually reach this point.

"The only thing we can do now is fight." The old devil sighed, and taking the stone ghost mask with him, broke through the earth above them.

He had already sensed two familiar auras slowly approaching him from afar.

Although they hadn't seen each other for a thousand years, that was still a familiar aura...

The old devil narrowed his eyes, and then abruptly realized that there was a problem.

Wait...

Why were there two familiar auras?

One was Yi Jianchuan.

The other...

Then, the old devil saw an elder and a teenager appear in his line of sight as they slowly came toward him.

"..." When the old devil saw the teenager, he straightaway broke out in a cold sweat.

Someone please tell him, why would this "Killer Taoist" appear in a place like this? And why the hell was he wearing a school uniform?!

...

The five-colored ring of the Five Elements Great Array shrouded the earth in an endless haze. A layer of mist hung over the ground, which unexpectedly made the place look like a fairyland.

Following General Yi, Wang Ling stood face to face with the old devil.

General Yi kept Wang Ling behind him and covered him unnecessarily in a protective immortal light, which made him a little uncomfortable... this light wasn't even half as strong as the protective golden light of his Sage Body!

Actually, when he had read about the past grudges between General Yi and the old devil in history books, Wang Ling had wondered what the scene would be like if these two, who had been old adversaries for over a thousand years, were to meet again one day?

In the end, this collision wasn't as intense as he had imagined.

...

The Five Elements Great Array had been set up and the old devil knew that it was already impossible for him to escape. Given his current body, which had yet to reach its full strength, he wouldn't be able to match General Yi at all.

And the most fearsome thing of all was that the junior who had thwarted his plans twice already was actually standing behind his old enemy...

At that moment, the old devil felt a little despair.

"This old man has always been curious about how you would take revenge on me after you returned to the world once more. I never thought that when I'd see you again, you would be in a woman's body..."

General Yi looked languidly at the old devil. "How about you surrender now and come with me, since you don't have the slightest chance of winning?"

The old devil gnashed his teeth and stared at the elder. "Old Yi, my venerable self wants to ask you! What is your relationship with that junior behind you?"

"Him?" General Yi laughed, and standing on tiptoe, he floated up into the air and stretched out his hand to rub Wang Ling's head. "This is the person I want to take as my disciple. Don't you think his root bone's pretty good?"

Wang Ling: "..."

The old devil: "...You want to take him as your disciple?"

"That's right, he's so young but he's already at the Golden Core stage. With this talent, I'm really looking forward to the future growth of his realm." General Yi looked at Wang Ling and smiled benevolently.

"..."

After hearing this, the old devil was speechless for a long time.

Not long ago, when he had seen Wang Ling effortlessly stop that Immortal Mansion youngster's gold crescent, he had already reached a conclusion.

This teenager's strength was unfathomable. Even if the old devil had been at his peak, his chances of winning would at the most be just fifty percent.

So when he heard what General Yi said, the old devil deeply felt that this old enemy of his seemed to have fantastically misunderstood this "junior."

The old devil took a deep breath and gave Wang Ling a look first before finally turning his eyes back to the old elder with the hedgehog head standing in front of the teenager. "...Old Yi, are you sure you won't reconsider?"

Obviously, the elder was a little puzzled by this strange question. "What does it have to do with you who this old man wants to take as a disciple? Or... do you mean my disciple harm?"

"..."

The old devil didn't say anything. When his eyes quietly swept over Wang Ling, he saw Wang Ling take a few steps back — obviously, he didn't intend to intervene in their grudge match. In the end, the old devil just pressed his lips together and simply swallowed down everything that had happened with Wang Ling before.

He sighed. Now with things as they were, he knew that saying anything more now would be useless.

He knew that he had no chance of winning this fight.

But as the Devil Emperor, he would still hold on to his dignity even in his final moments.

Hands behind his back, the old devil stared at the elder with the hedgehog head in front of him and simply said, "Go ahead... this will be the last battle..."





Chapter 234 A One-Thousand-Year Old Farce


It was supposed to be an incomparable showdown a thousand years in the making and one for the history books, but no one could have expected that it would happen in such a situation.

The old devil was confined to the six-pointed star array of the Five Elements Great Array. The center of the city in this small world was shrouded in a colorful haze. Secretary Dakang, Zhuo Yi, the six headmasters as well as the students hiding in the buildings were all witnesses to this showdown.

Of course, neither the old Secretary nor the six headmasters would choose to interfere as they were well aware of the feud between these two.

This confrontation was simpler than Wang Ling had imagined. From a distance, he watched as a dull-colored sword light appeared in General Yi's palm.

This was the unique technique which had made General Yi famous — the Palm Sword.

Back then, one of the old devil's vital points had been hit by this Palm Sword in a final strike, and the surveillance chip which Wang Ming had invented had been planted in the old devil's soul, where it had remained for a thousand years.

"Old Yi, your Palm Sword really makes me nostalgic." The old devil sneered. Now that it had come to this, what did he have to be afraid of? Red mist and a purple cloud appeared in his hand and condensed together into several purple-black magic balls which hovered in his palm.

Chaos Ball. This was the technique which had made the old devil famous.

Neither of their techniques was the kind of great spell that had cool and dazzling special effects which filled the sky. Conversely, these types of spells could be cast and used in an attack at any time. In fact, the Palm Sword and the Chaos Ball were very similar in nature. They were not spells with special effects, but the kind that could create a powerful destructive force with minimal light effects.

However, these two simple-looking spells couldn't be learned by just anyone. Extremely delicate manipulation skills and acute mental focus were required to compress spirit energy that densely in the palm of one's hand.

At that moment, each of them was wielding their famous technique.

But the outcome of this battle had already been decided.

The power which the old devil could release was really too limited given the confinement of the Five Elements Great Array and the fact that he had yet to return to his peak strength.

General Yi wasn't using all of his strength since there was absolutely no need for him to do so.

As things stood, even just half of his strength was already enough for him to take the old devil down.

After their respective techniques had solidified, they eyed each other for a while.

A minute later, General Yi attacked first.

The Palm Sword in his hand slashed through the air. Instantly the sky changed, and an invisible wave rolled overhead, creating tremors for one hundred li around and spreading to the ends of the small world.

The white shadow in exercise clothes closed in on the old devil, whose eyes couldn't follow him at all given that his realm wasn't on the same level and imprisoned as he was in the Five Elements Great Array.

All he could do now was rely on his intuition.

Given their countless confrontations in the past, the two men had a certain level of understanding of each other's attack pattern.

The old devil raised his hand and blocked the blow with difficulty.

The Palm Sword collided with the Chaos Ball, producing a great roar, and the powerful vibration directly made him spray a mouthful of blood.

In the end, he had been able to fend off the attack, but it had cost him eight hundred years of cultivation.

The Palm Sword's wave was like an electric current that pierced his body, making his entrails twitch. His knees were trembling, but he clenched his teeth and tried to remain standing.

"Old Yi..."

Blood oozed from the old devil's mouth, turning it red.

At this moment, even though the old devil was wearing Jiang Liuyue's body, it was as if everyone could see the old devil's past figure.

He had always been a man who never gave up; no matter how grievously he had been wounded, he would never fall, and would stubbornly remain standing.

Clashing again after one thousand years, the old devil had already lost his ability to fight in just one collision.

General Yi's Palm Sword also dispersed, and he didn't call it up again as he slowly walked to the old devil and looked at him. "You have always been like this. If you had pleaded guilty earlier back then, the disciple you were most proud of, Immortal She Pi, wouldn't have been struck by thunder and lightning for ten years before being executed under Leifeng Pagoda..."

"My venerable self only wants to find her, where is the crime in that?" The old devil covered his chest and sneered.

"Resurrection is against heaven's laws. Acting against heaven never ends well."

General Yi narrowed his eyes. "And you should know very clearly that a genuine method of resurrection doesn't exist in this world."

"Of course my venerable self knows that!"

The old devil growled, "That's why my venerable self is hoping to find her reincarnation! I heard that the wheel of time in Huaxiu's National Palace might be able to find the reincarnation of a specific person..."

When General Yi heard this, he was startled. "So, the Gua Pi Army that you assembled a thousand years ago to invade the palace wasn't a rebellion, but for the sake of this wheel of time?"

"Rebellion? That was never my intention..." The old devil smiled bitterly. "The wheel of time is my true objective! Back then she was already fading quickly, and my venerable self could only fight for her with everything I had! But unfortunately, I stormed the palace only to find that it was empty, and then I knew that it had been a trap."

"..."

The old devil's account made the people in and outside the small world fall silent.

After a long time, General Yi sucked in a deep breath. "So, you did all that for your wife?"

"Otherwise?"

The old devil rolled his eyes.

Outside the small world, the headmasters and Secretary Dakang couldn't help the way their faces twitched. This bag of dog food was completely unexpected 1 !

1(Following on from the description of a single person as a 'single dog' in colloquial Chinese, being force fed 'dog food' means being forced to endure PDA ..) Seeing the speechless expression on the face of the elder with the hedgehog head in front of him, the old devil immediately said suspiciously, "Don't tell me the wheel of time doesn't exist at all..."

"No, don't worry, it is indeed real..."

The corners of General Yi's mouth couldn't help twitching. "What I wanted to say is... although it's a banned artifact, if it's a special case, you can submit a report and go through the management process to apply to use it..."

The old devil: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

"Of course the process is very troublesome..." General Yi was silent for a bit before saying, "However, given your realm when you were at your peak and your status in the cultivation circle before you established the Gua Pi Army, it's definitely likely that your application to use it will go through, as long as you perform some meritorious deeds for the country."

The old devil: "..."

It was now silent on the scene.

After being embroiled in a thousand years of fighting, it turned out that he had been shooting himself in the foot all this time. This was an outcome that no one would feel good about.

Hands propped on his knees, the old devil laughed bitterly and lamented the feeling of fate messing around with him.

General Yi looked at him and said unsympathetically, "If you agree to come with me and be put on trial — and beg me on your knees while you're at it — this old man can act on your behalf to turn the wheel of time and find her reincarnation for you..."

"I beg you."

The old devil stared at General Yi with sparkling eyes.

He didn't kneel, but he said the words without the slightest bit of hesitation.





Chapter 235 Spirit Shackles


General Yi was silent for a very long time.

He saw that the old devil's knees were trembling, but the other person refused to kneel. He was a stubborn man who refused to do so even if he had suffered severe internal injuries.

Although the old devil had committed many crimes, General Yi, who had been his opponent for a thousand years, had to admit that he was indeed a man to be respected.

"Can't you change your stubbornness?" General Yi looked at the old devil and sighed deeply. "Forget it, since things are now like this, as long as you're willing to come back with me to be put on trial, it's fine even if you don't kneel..."

The old devil looked up with bright eyes. "Really?"

"Before you're charged, this old man will investigate her reincarnation for you. Since this is my promise to you, I'll certainly keep it. However..." General Yi lowered his eyelids, hiding his deep black pupils. With a flash of spirit light, a pair of crystal handcuffs appeared in his hand. "You have to put these on."

The moment the handcuffs appeared, Wang Ling's eyes also flashed slightly, because he could sense that these handcuffs contained the same substance that was in the Dao talisman seal on his arm. Wang Ming had told him before that this substance had come from a meteorite and that it was very difficult to extract; even using the most sophisticated instruments to perform countless extractions only yielded a few micrograms of it, and even that was only after a few years.

This mysterious substance in the talisman seal played a key role in restraining Wang Ling's aura.

"I remember there are only two pairs of this in the whole country. You really took a lot of trouble to deal with my venerable self, with the Five Elements Great Array and the Spirit Shackles." The old devil accepted the handcuffs with a bitter smile.

He didn't hesitate at all to put them on. He was so straightforward that General Yi could hardly believe it.

General Yi smiled slightly. "I thought you would refuse them."

The old devil: "Under the circumstances, to struggle even more would be useless. For the sake of seeing my silly wife's reincarnation sooner, I should take it easy."

General Yi: "I really couldn't tell that you would actually be this infatuated."

The old devil said, "When your Palm Sword injured me just now, the sword qi rolled around in my body. I used my spirit energy to resist it, but this directly numbed my peripheral nerves, so my legs can't move..."

Hearing this, the corner of General Yi's mouth twitched fiercely. "..." So that's the real reason why you didn't kneel?!

...

Between the Five Elements Great Array which in the past had been used to withstand the invasion of the demon gods from the Gate Between Worlds and these Spirit Shackles, it could be said that as the mastermind of this operation, General Yi had gone all out this time to precisely capture the old devil.

It was June 15th on Wednesday in the eighth week of the semester.

On this day, during the combined military training exercise organized by the six schools, the old devil put on the Spirit Shackles and was arrested. It was definitely a historical moment.

After the old devil put on the Spirit Shackles, General Yi confiscated all the magic treasures which were hidden in the chaotic space, along with the Purple Gold Gourd that had helped the old devil escape repeatedly.

The old devil had actually grabbed many of these magic treasures when he had attacked the museum. After taking them out one by one, there were fully twenty to thirty items, and each magic weapon had an amazing history.

The Tai Chi Plate, the Book of Nine Emperors, the Treasure Tree, the Investiture Cauldron, the Chaos Flag, the Heaven-Turning Seal... these were all genuine, top-class holy weapons. Placed on the ground, they all glowed with light. Wang Ling sized them up from behind General Yi, astonished by the sight.

They were lucky that the old devil hadn't regained his full strength and so didn't have the power to wield these holy weapons. Otherwise, a single person holding all these trump cards in his hand would have been truly terrifying!

In addition to these six top-class holy weapons, General Yi discovered many world-renowned and special magic weapons. Because each of them had a particular distinctive trait, they hadn't been included in the rankings of orthodox magic weapons; like misshapen figurines, they fell into the category of problematic magic weapons which were no less formidable than holy weapons, but which also had side effects.

As General Yi went through them one by one, he realized that there were actually a few which he didn't recognize.

He found a dark golden magic chime stone and a golden lotus. The most mystical thing was that when these two magic treasures touched, they actually emitted an endless green light.

General Yi looked at the old devil with some surprise. "What's this?"

The shackled old devil explained, "Hm, this is the Panjin Lotus and the Ximen Chime Stone. If the green light shines for two minutes, it can make people shorter 1 ..."

1(Pan Jinlian ('jin lian' translates to 'golden lotus') is a married woman in the classic Chinese novel 'Water Margin' who has an affair with Ximen Qing ('qing' means 'chime stone'). Her husband is a short and ugly character, and 'to wear a green hat' in Chinese colloquialism means to be cheated on ..) General Yi: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

Then General Yi pointed to a glowing pad and asked, "Well then... what is this? A sanitary pad? I didn't expect you to have this type of hobby. Don't tell me you've changed your gender because you're in a woman's body?"

The old devil: "...This is the Sky-Mending Cloth for mending spatial cracks. Given my current body, without this Sky-Mending Cloth, I wouldn't be able to freely travel back and forth through space at all."

General Yi thought that the magic treasures which he had invented were already exotic enough, but he had never imagined that there would be someone more amazing than him.

He couldn't help sighing. Sure enough, there was still room for him to improve in his invention of magic treasures!

Wang Ling: "..."

...

While General Yi took inventory of the magic treasures, Immortal Toya came over to his side. He smiled slightly and offered the General heartfelt congratulations on the plan's success. "General Yi's Palm Sword is well-known; this junior is greatly honored to have seen it today."

"It's not a big deal. If you want to see it again next time, send me a WeChat message. I'll cut a fruit to show you." General Yi waved his hand magnanimously.

Immortal Toya: "..."

"By the way, the Five Elements Great Array was a little loud, are the students all right?" General Yi asked with some concern.

"The survival contest had already been put on hold when the array was in operation. I passed along a message through the electronic illustrated handbook for them to hide inside the buildings. There are currently over eight thousand students left," Immortal Toya answered honestly.

"That's good, after I take the old devil out for his trial, the competition can resume normally." General Yi nodded, then turned his eyes to Wang Ling. "Oh, by the way, let me tell you first that this kid from Number 60 High School has a very good root bone, and I intend to take him as my disciple."

"..."

Even at a distance, Immortal Toya could already sense the bitterness in Wang Ling's eyes. He felt that he had to refuse on Ling Zhenren's behalf. "General Yi, that... won't do..."

General Yi frowned. "Why not?"

"Because... because..."

In the face of crisis, Immortal Toya stepped forward, put one arm around Wang Ling's shoulder and abruptly yanked him to his chest. "He, he's mine!"

General Yi: "..."

After saying that, this gray-haired handsome man glanced at Wang Ling's expression out of the corner of his eye.

Uh...

This guy's face had become even blacker.





Chapter 236 The Astrology Heir Song Cai


Wang Ling knew that Immortal Toya was refusing on his behalf, but it was the first time a guy had pulled him to his chest... when two deeply attractive young boys came together in this way, he instantly thought of a famous dish that Mother Juan had once cooked: curry gay gay 1 !

1(This is a homophone for the transliteration of the 'gotta get that' refrain from the song "Boom Boom Pow" by the Black Eyed Peas.) General Yi gave Wang Ling a regretful look. "So he's already your disciple?"

Immortal Toya: "Yes, senior. I took him in as my direct disciple a long time ago."

This might have appeared to be a very casual remark, but Immortal Toya had given it deliberate thought; if he randomly gave a specific timeframe, it would be bad if General Yi found a hole in his story. Hence, tried and true phrases like "a long time ago" were immensely useful in times like these.

"Well, since he's your disciple, it wouldn't be nice for me to take him away by force."

General Yi sighed. "Also, I was just thinking about it; after the old devil goes back with me, there'll be a trial, his sentence, and a whole lot of things I'll need to sort out, so I wouldn't be able to take care of this little student for the time being.

"Your strength is also pretty good, and your achievements in alchemy have surpassed even the Xiao clan, who are specialists in the field. This little student should do well in the future if he follows you," he said as he looked at Immortal Toya.

Immortal Toya's fair face flushed slightly. "You flatter me, senior."

"No, it's the truth. There actually aren't many little juniors whom I acknowledge nowadays," General Yi said, hands behind his back. "But I'm curious — since he's your disciple, why not make it public?"

This question made Immortal Toya break out in a cold sweat.

General Yi was a great senior with formidable prowess and who had a nose for investigation; a normal person would very likely have already given the game away at this question.

But Immortal Toya's response was swift. "Erm... making it public might be beneficial for his academic development, and his university enrollment in the future wouldn't be a problem, but the effects of this celebrity halo would be really bad for his growth..."

Hearing this, General Yi's eyes lit up; he was very satisfied with this explanation. "Mm, what you said is very reasonable. There are indeed too many juniors nowadays who are too impatient to achieve great things."

Immortal Toya smiled and looked at General Yi. "Therefore, I beseech senior to continue to hide this matter for this junior."

"Since you have asked and he is your disciple, of course this old man will do so."

General Yi nodded his head very readily, then looked at Wang Ling with reluctance in his eyes. "This little student, if we meet again in the future, I hope you will have made more progress by then. Of course, to reach the Golden Core stage at this age is already not easy; you're already much stronger than your Senior Zhuo Yi!"

Wang Ling: "..."

Immortal Toya sweatdropped. "..."

What damn Golden Core stage! What Golden Core cultivator could shut the Gate Between Worlds with his bare hands?

"Then I'll take my leave first. The old devil and his companion whom he put in the stone ghost mask, Master of Shadow Stream Jiang Liuyue, have now been arrested together, and it'll take a long time to interrogate them. I'll leave the survival contest to you." General Yi led the old devil by a spirit tether, one end of which was tied to the Spirit Shackles. Behind him, the old devil was silent.

With the Spirit Shackles on, all the old devil's spirit energy was restricted and his five spiritual senses blocked, so he was now like an ordinary man.

Immortal Toya cupped his fists and saluted General Yi respectfully. "Goodbye, senior!"

"Mm."

General Yi waved at the two of them, opened a space where he was standing, and walked in with the old devil.

Just as the spatial crack was about to close, a spirit light flew out and landed securely in Wang Ling's hands.

"This little student, our meeting this time was fate. Take this. This old man had promised you earlier that I would give you a lucky charm..."

General Yi had already left through the space with the old devil; his voice came from far away through the void and was transmitted directly to Wang Ling's ears.

It was a lustrous and warm runestone inscribed with intricate and complex characters. It was the size of the palm of his hand and looked a little like a seashell.

"Senior Ling... what's this?" Immortal Toya stared blankly at this thing.

The corner of Wang Ling's mouth twitched, because this runestone was the source of power for this small world!

"The runetone that controls the source of power for the small world?" Immortal Toya was surprised. "The toxic fog is generated by the system based on the situation, but with this runestone... when the last wave of the toxic fog contracts, it'll be toward this runestone as the center."

Wang Ling: "..."

Immortal Toya: "So control of this power source is the same as controlling a god-blessed circle."

Wang Ling: "Hey, so... can you let me go first..."

"Ah! Sorry, Senior Ling!"

Immortal Toya quickly dropped his arm.

It seemed like he had accidentally brushed Ling Zhenren's hair just now, and it was really super soft! What brand of shampoo did he use?

Oh... wait!

That wasn't the main point!

Damn!

Did Ling Zhenren open his mouth to speak just now?!

Immortal Toya carefully recalled what had just happened, and in addition to his astonishment, an intoxicated fanboy expression appeared on his face: Ah~ Ling Zhenren's voice was really nice...

...

After a three-hour time-out, the survival contest finally resumed.

In a large supermarket, He Bufeng, Su Xiao and Guo Hao all squared their shoulders in anticipation. Earlier, the supermarket's side entrance had been smashed open by some Xiao clan disciples from Shenye High School with a large wave of fire.

On their side, there were only ten or so of them left hiding in the supermarket; the number had dropped by more than half since the competition began.

"What should we do now?" asked a Number 59 High School student.

"When the survival contest was suspended earlier, those bastards also found a building to hide in. There's not much time left before the final wave of the toxic fog comes in. We have to find a suitable location as soon as possible." He Bufeng frowned.

"Now we're still in the circle, but there's no guarantee that the next safe zone will work in our favor. If we leave the supermarket now, we'll just be live targets. Do you have any ideas, Senior He?" said Su Xiao.

"We're in a very bad position. If we want to win now, we need to refresh our god-blessed circle."

He Bufeng thought for a long while before a mysterious light appeared in his eyes. "Actually, we still have one last option..."

He turned to look at a teenager wearing a pair of gold-rimmed glasses, and said to the crowd, "Let me introduce all of you to Classmate Song Cai. This is the thirteenth generation heir of the Tuochuqikanjiji 2 Astrology family."

2(This is the online ID of a user who shares funny real life anecdotes to the website Qiushibaike, which is similar to Jokepedia ..)





Chapter 237 Song Cai, Breaking Down


Every school or every class would always have a little angel in charge of information and gossip. Number 60 High School's Guo Hao was one of them. Number 59 High School's Song Cai was another.

Relying on the practice of astrology, Song Cai had made a lot of money and also a lot of friends in school. He charged a thousand yuan for each divination with a money back guarantee if it wasn't accurate. As the thirteenth generation heir of the Tuochuqikanjiji family, he had always been very confident in his astrological predictions.

However, he had begun to doubt the accuracy of his divinations recently...

It all started some time ago.

In addition to many loyal divination customers in school, Song Cai had also opened an online store.

He remembered that a few days after his store had just been opened, a customer had asked him to divine their fate for the near future.

Divining fate was Song Cai's specialty. Once he had the other party's zodiac sign and exact date of birth and firmly bore this information in mind as he meditated and prayed, the crystal ball would reveal the final prediction.

Song Cai remembered, something which he had never seen before had appeared that day.

Because the crystal ball hadn't shown the usual prediction.

But three English letters: GCM...

Song Cai had thought that his crystal ball had broken, hence why it was showing this messy code, but when he replaced it with the spare crystal ball at home, the divination result was still these three mysterious English letters.

Song Cai had been driven mad. Who could tell him what the hell this meant?!

...

Hence, when He Bufeng mentioned astrology and introduced him to the others, Song Cai really felt his blood freeze.

"Classmate Song Cai, your predictions are always on point. Can you divine the last god-blessed circle through one of us?" asked He Bufeng.

The teenager with the gold-rimmed glasses sat in one corner with his arms around his knees; his face was full of chagrin, and he looked like he wanted to cry but had no tears to shed. "Senior He... my divination might not work..."

"How will you know if you don't try?" He Bufeng patted Song Cai on the shoulder with a firm expression.

Song Cai raised his head, his eyes glittering with tears.

When a person had doubts in their life, the most important thing for them was the encouragement of others. It could be said that He Bufeng's encouragement actually proved quite important; Song Cai pondered for a very long time, and then looked to the side at the many expectant expressions on the students' faces.

In the end, he quietly got up and said to the crowd, "Then... please help me see if there's a crystal ball nearby. Otherwise, glassware can also work."

In astrology, the resource consumed the most was the crystal ball, because with each divination, a crack would appear in the crystal ball. Each crystal ball could only be used four times at the most, because a cracked crystal ball could greatly affect the effects of the divination.

"So glassware can actually be used as a replacement?" asked someone.

"Yes." Song Cai nodded. "But unlike a regular crystal ball, any other glassware will basically be scrapped after one use. The accuracy of the divination is also lower than with a regular crystal ball, about one or two percent? Generally, it's not a big gap."

"Oh, so it's like that!" The students around him had enlightened expressions.

The good news was that their base was in a large supermarket, so there were plenty of glass items to choose from.

At last, Song Cai picked out a large electric light bulb which Su Xiao had found. "I'll use this."

"What's next?" He Bufeng asked.

Song Cai looked around and said, "I'm going to hold this light bulb for the divination and everyone needs to hold hands in a circle around me; this will improve the accuracy of the prediction."

Almost everyone had basically lost the courage to hold hands with the opposite sex after Junior Grade Three, but for the sake of victory, they did as instructed.

To pray together hand-in-hand was the most basic way of improving the accuracy of an astrological divination.

After the ceremony was completed, Song Cai nodded with satisfaction. With the light bulb in hand, he then slowly sat down in the center of the circle.

He took a deep breath and tried to relax as much as possible. Calling up spirit energy, he put it into the light bulb, and it lit up with a "ding . "

A moment later, the light bulb directly exploded in Song Cai's hands.

The students sitting in a circle were startled. "Did it fail?"

"No, it worked..."

Song Cai slowly opened his eyes and looked upward. "After ten seconds, the divination will be projected in the air."

Everyone present held their breaths and all eyes were fixed on the air.

Ten seconds later, the astrological divination slowly unfolded in the air...

Song Cai looked up and saw the big three English letters in front of him once again.

Song Cai: "..."

Mom! As expected, my divination is broken!

"GCM? What the hell does that mean?" In the supermarket, everyone looked at the three letters and pondered.

"Photocatalysis, Guo Chunmei, engineering gate 1 ..."

1(The first letters of the characters in each of these three Chinese words in pinyin make up the acronym GCM.) He Bufeng said a few words in a row, and then his eyes lit up. "Could it be... climax 2 ...?"

2('Climax' is 'gao chao' in Chinese..) Everyone: "..."

...

Wang Ling never thought that General Yi would leave the source of the small world with him.

This was a valuable gift.

He was clear that if General Yi had left him the runestone, that meant that he would surely be able to win the competition by relying on the god-blessed circle. And with this runestone in hand, he could willfully absorb the small world's source of spirit energy for his own use.

Wang Ling had a headache, because for him, this was a hot potato.

He never wanted to be the center of attention. If he won this competition, all eyes would definitely be on him.

"Is Senior Ling worried about this runestone?" Immortal Toya asked as he stared at it.

Wang Ling pinched the runestone between his fingers and then a light flashed in his hand. Immortal Toya then saw the runestone disappear!

The ancient barter array had actually inspired Wang Ling as he recalled the Barter Skill, which was one of the Three Thousand Great Spells which he had learned. In fact, it worked in a very similar way to the ancient barter array, and you could do an exchange for something you wanted within a limited range of transfer.

...

Still in the big supermarket, Guo Hao clutched his stomach as he hid in the toilet. It had started hurting again when he had gone looking for glassware earlier.

But when he had rushed to the toilet, he had discovered that it didn't have any toilet paper!

Guo Hao fumbled around in his storage bag for a long time, and was miserable when he realized that he only had a snack gift pack which he had risked his life to grab when an airdrop had happened in front of the supermarket previously.

However, Guo Hao was truly a master. At that moment, Guo Hao quickly recalled that the crispy noodle snack inside the snack gift pack would contain a collection card! He could use the card in place of toilet paper!

At this thought, he hurriedly took out that crispy noodle snack excitedly.

However, the moment he took it out, the crispy noodle snack flashed with spirit light in his hand, and turned into a runestone shaped like a seashell...

...





Chapter 238 The King of Laying Low in Number 60 High School


It was June 16th on Thursday in the eighth week of school.

The survival contest portion of the week-long combined military training exercise for the six schools finally came to an end with the final contraction of the toxic fog circle.

The ending was a little surprising because until then, before the last contraction of the toxic fog circle, there had still been over four thousand students crammed together and struggling hard to "lay low."

In the end, most people had been poisoned to death by the last wave of the toxic fog.

It was a fine, sunny day.

Zhuo Yi, Director of the General Administration of 100 Schools, announced the final result on the command platform in the big square of the military training base on the western outskirts of Songhai city. "The final number of people left in the survival contest: one. Student Guo Hao of Number 60 High School, who was in the toilet at the time, is the final winner..."

Then, Zhuo Yi and Immortal Toya next to him both clapped. Unfortunately, this ending was just so scary that the ten thousand students, six headmasters, and Secretary Dakang were all overwhelmed in that instant, creating an awkward silence.

For some reason, the headmasters of Number 59 High School and Number 60 High School couldn't be happy at all despite their victory.

Guo Hao, the man of the hour, had been forced to withdraw from the military training and had been sent directly to the hospital's emergency ward after leaving the small world because of abdominal pains.

Zhuo Yi felt a little embarrassed. He cleared his throat and said into the microphone, "Next, because Student Guo Hao is unable to be present, let's welcome the teacher-in-charge of Grade One, Class Three, Pan Shengcong, to accept the medal and trophy."

Of everyone present, Teacher Pan was the only one smiling like a sunflower.

Under everyone's gazes, this middle-aged woman with a ponytail, who was a teaching pioneer at Number 60 High School, quickly jumped onto the platform and cheerfully took the trophy. She was happier than some actresses winning the Queen of Movies at the Golden Rooster Awards 1 . "Thank you! Thank you for your support and encouragement! This trophy and this silk banner belong to our Number 59 High School and Number 60 High School!"

1(The Golden Rooster Awards are China's film awards..) Maybe it was because Teacher Pan was so happy, but finally there was some applause at this moment.

Taking advantage of this enthusiasm, Zhuo Yi continued, "Now, we'll invite Teacher Pan to unroll the banner, which was personally inscribed by Secretary Dakang from the Alliance of Ten Thousand Schools."

"Okay!"

Teacher Pan nodded and slowly unfurled the silk banner. It was as if the glaring gold letters on the banner were shining brightly, hitting everyone with understanding.

Secretary Dakang had written these words using his great power, and the moment the silk banner was unfurled, there was a spirit light so blinding that it forced people to close their eyes.

Standing in the crowd, Wang Ling's Heavenly Eye wasn't affected by the glare of the golden light. His gaze penetrated the brightness, and instantly he saw the big words printed on the silk banner: Lay Low...

Wang Ling: "..."

...

The military training wasn't over; the next few days consisted of general basic training, including military postures like standing at attention and at ease... there was no escaping any of it.

During this time, Guo Hao became a well-known figure among the six schools. Winning the contest by relying on the god-blessed circle showed how explosive his luck was. Most importantly, through this joint military training exercise for the six schools, he had drawn attention from all levels of society, and it could be said that his academic path in the future would be paved with gold.

According to news which Wang Ling had heard, many universities had already extended an olive branch to Guo Hao's family. In the eyes of many university chancellors, prowess and talent were important on the road to cultivation, but luck was also a strength.

That evening after Wang Ling had come back from the military training's session for the day, he saw a message on the Alliance of Ten Thousand Schools' official media account.

Secretary Dakang wanted to put an inscription on the trophy for Guo Hao, but didn't know what to write, so he had used the public platform to ask for everyone's opinions.

Wang Ling scrolled down the screen and saw a lot of selected replies in the messages.

Among them, there were chuunibyou suggestions such as The Chosen One and Dopey Nicholas.

There were also funny and mocking ones like King of the Squat Toilet, The Strongest Squat Toilet King, Mother Juan's Victim...

And the most popular message was the one which Chen Chao had written: Number 60 High School's King of Laying Low.

Wang Ling saw that there were more than eight thousand likes for this message...

...

During the period that Wang Ling was away from home, it was also lively at the Wang family's small villa.

On the morning that the outcome of the survival contest was announced, a black limousine stopped at the entrance of the Wang family's small villa. A man with high slicked-back hair and wearing goggles got out of the car at the entrance, carrying a briefcase.

"This is where Senior Ling lives..." Dharmaraja stood at the front door of the villa feeling a little excited. After Lord Thunder and Immortal Toya, he was the third person in the whole chat group to visit the Wang family home.

Before he had come to the villa, Lord Thunder had implored him repeatedly to go with reverence in his heart for the seniors.

Dharmaraja stood at the door and rang the bell.

Soon he heard the faint sound of footsteps inside, and it was Grandfather Wang who opened the door. "Who is it?"

When Grandfather Wang opened the door, Dharmaraja's expression straightaway faltered. He had heard from Lord Thunder that there were three seniors in the villa in addition to Ling Zhenren! Among them, the one with the most unfathomable strength was an old man...

Dharmaraja never thought that he would straightaway see this great senior on his first visit.

Since it was their first meeting, Dharmaraja immediately bowed at a ninety-degree angle. "Hello, Old Senior Wang! Ling Zhenren entrusted a spirit sword to me for repairs, and this junior has specially come to deliver it to him."

"Oh, thank you for taking the trouble, why don't you come in first. You can change your slippers at the entrance, and remember to close the door behind you."

Dharmaraja took the tea from the old man nervously. "So Senior Ling's father is a writer?"

"Yes."

The old man nodded. "His pen name is Wang Situ."

Holy shit! Wang Situ?

Lightning Dharmaraja was stunned. He remembered reading this great god's writing on the subway to work! He had never expected that this person would be Senior Ling's father!

"At first he just started writing for fun, and we never thought he could make money from it." Grandfather Wang smiled.

Hearing this, Dharmaraja's reverence for Father Wang grew even greater. To just write for fun but still be able to make money... this was indeed a great senior hiding behind the scenes! Sure enough, he was talented in every aspect! Furthermore, Dharmaraja seemed to remember listening to an interview which had been recorded with Father Wang. He wasn't just a genius, he also spoke well! Dharmaraja really liked him!





Chapter 239 Open the Door! Let Jingke Out!


Dharmaraja actually knew very well that there were in fact plenty of experts in the cultivation circle who preferred to retreat behind the scenes. Just like how there would be people in the secular world who would give up all fame and fortune for the sake of pursuing immortality, it was natural that there would be old seniors in the cultivation circle who envied the ordinary life of a common person and planned instead to live in seclusion.

These reclusive seniors generally felt that in the end, the path of cultivation was an empty one — a long life was meaningless, and there were times you would become tired of living.

The most terrible thing of all would be if you truly couldn't die or be killed.

The reason why Dharmaraja admired Father Wang so much was that this senior had completely chosen to assimilate into the secular world and had penetrated deep to the very bottom of society as a way to make money and live in the ordinary world.

Dharmaraja felt that he wouldn't have been able to do it. Many cultivators had jobs in the ordinary world, but most of them worked for peers in the cultivation circle. For example, he used the godly thunder inheritance to repair magic artifacts, and he earned in cultivators' coin.

But with just one book, Father Wang had been able to kill two birds with one stone. Dharmaraja found this particularly astonishing.

Sure enough, a great senior was in the end a great senior, who shone wherever he went!

Dharmaraja respectfully picked up the tea which Grandfather Wang had given him. When he saw his face reflected in the steaming tea, he was instantly silent.

He knew that when Lord Thunder had visited the Wang family's small villa, Grandfather Wang had given him a bowl of tomato egg drop soup and a broccoli — to this day, the other man had yet to uncover the meaning of Tao in them. Now, this old senior had given him a cup of tea... what did this tea mean?

The scene fell into silence. Unwilling to drink the tea, Dharmaraja stared blankly and quietly at it for a long time.

He wanted to take this cup of tea back with him and study it...

Dharmaraja sat in the Wang family's small villa until noon. Looking at the time, Mother Wang would be returning any minute now with groceries, so the old man had insisted that Dharmaraja stay for lunch. Overwhelmed by the old man's invitation, Dharmaraja hadn't dared refuse.

...

It wasn't long when Dharmaraja noticed the noise at the door and saw a woman carrying several bags of groceries open the door and shut it behind her quickly like a spy.

The old man was startled by the noise. "What's going on?"

Listening at the door, Mother Wang made a shushing gesture and whispered, "Dad, I think someone's following me."

"Following you?" Grandfather Wang frowned.

"Yes." Mother Wang nodded. "It felt like it was for quite a while. I already sensed it when I was shopping, like a pair of eyes staring at me non-stop."

After saying this, she turned to look at Dharmaraja. "Eh? Who are you?"

"I'm here especially to deliver a spirit sword which I fixed for Senior Ling, as he requested. I am very glad to meet the seniors, it's nice to meet you!" Dharmaraja bowed to Mother Wang.

Mother Wang suddenly understood. "So you're Dharmaraja! Ling Ling's mentioned you!"

Dharmaraja was very moved, and a thin layer of moisture fogged up his goggles. He hadn't expected that Senior Ling would in his life ever mention him to the other great seniors! What kind of glorious honor was this?!

Dharmaraja wiped excitedly at his tears. Seeing Mother Wang look outside worriedly, he also took a look through his goggles with his Heavenly Eye and discovered a figure sneaking around on the roadside. "Seniors, I see him!"

That person was wearing a pair of sunglasses and a gray windbreaker, and there was a dangerous aura around him.

...

The man in sunglasses instantly raised his head as soon as Dharmaraja's Heavenly Eye locked onto him. He was fully aware that he had been found, but he didn't show the slightest panic.

His gaze was bland when he met Dharmaraja's eyes. A few seconds later, Dharmaraja opened his eyes in shock. "Ah! Not good!"

The other party's return gaze had forced him to take several steps back, and when he took off his goggles, Dharmaraja realized that his eyes were bleeding! — This was an expert!

"Looks like it's a master." Grandfather Wang sighed quietly.

It was very clear that the person who had been following Mother Wang wasn't anyone good.

"Damn it..." Dharmaraja took out a pill which he had on him for calming fluctuations of spirit energy and quickly swallowed it. Then he used the godly thunder inheritance to protect his injured eyes.

He realized that the man outside not only had formidable strength, he was also very cunning. The attack from the other man's gaze just now had directly pierced his head, straightaway numbing his visual nerves and causing intermittent bleeding.

If it hadn't been for the pill and the godly thunder inheritance, Dharmaraja felt that if it had been someone else, their Heavenly Eye would have been crippled!

After this first exchange, Dharmaraja could already gauge the other person's strength. He had already lost in a battle of auras and knew that this wasn't a fight he could win at his level.

Moreover, he had noticed that this man's Heavenly Eye was very unusual and gave off a strong repelling force! Although he couldn't be one hundred percent sure, Dharmaraja felt that the man had probably refined his Heavenly Eye into a magic weapon, thus increasing its lethality.

As for this method of turning a body part into a magic weapon, he had heard from Lord Thunder in the chat group that this was practiced by a dark force that recently had been looking for trouble with Senior Wang's family.

So he confirmed that this man was probably from Immortal Mansion.

But now... what to do?

Did the seniors in the Wang family's small villa have to deal with it personally now?

As Dharmaraja sat on the floor to catch his breath, he turned to look at Grandfather Wang and sighed softly. "I'm sorry, senior! This man is really too strong!"

He was a little upset because he had wanted to show off his strength in front of so many seniors.

"No, you've already done very well." The old man smiled faintly. "You are our guest. Besides, the man's objective is obviously us. We should solve this problem ourselves."

The old man's voice dropped in tone, and had a magnetic quality to it.

At the moment, Wang Ling was participating in the school's military training, and even Er Ha had been picked up by their teacher-in-charge and wouldn't be back for a while.

Perhaps in the eyes of those who had ulterior motives when it came to the Wang family, this was the perfect time to cause trouble.

"Dad..." At this moment, father and daughter-in-law exchanged looks and had the same thought.

"There's no other way..."

The old man sighed in his heart. Since the other party had deliberately come to make trouble, then a fight couldn't be avoided.

With his hands behind his back and his gaze lowered, there was a sense of something mysterious in his eyes.

Was Old Senior Wang about to make a move?

Dharmaraja was extremely awed.

However, he realized that things weren't that simple.

Grandfather Wang went quietly to the door and put his hand on the doorknob.

Almost the instant he opened it, the old man quickly looked up toward the second floor and shouted with strong resolve, "Open the door! Let Jingke out!"

Before Dharmaraja could regain his senses, he saw a brown sword shadow fly out of the front door of the Wang family's small villa with a whoosh like a firework.





Chapter 240 The Same Eyes as Ling Zhenren


Ten minutes ago, a man in black sunglasses and a gray windbreaker had followed Mother Wang to the entrance of the Wang family's small villa. The man had a sturdy build and wore a beret on his bald head. At first glance, he looked a little like those brawny men in foreign films.

"This is the place." The man narrowed his eyes slightly behind his sunglasses as he looked at the villa. He pulled open the lapel of his jacket to report the situation into the mike hidden inside. "Chief, I've already found the target location, and it's the same as what the Lady of the Castle said."

The voice on the other end of the earphone was very low. "Well done, Little Tan. Check out the family's actual situation. Also, the best would be if you can clearly find out what their connection is to that hawthorn tree. This matter concerns my year-end review with the Master of the Mansion, so you mustn't be careless."

The man nodded. "Don't worry, Chief."

"According to a summary of the intelligence we collected from various parties, the youngster who fought Little Yue lives in that villa. It seems that he stopped the power of the fifty-fold gold crescent released by Little Yue's Abyss Avoidance with just one finger."

Hearing this, the man couldn't help the few drops of cold sweat which ran down his forehead. The Little Yue whom the chief was referring to was the genius whom the Lord Master had selected out of ten thousand people to be a trusted aide. During Immortal Mansion's annual meeting back then, Lord Master had personally given Abyss Avoidance to Little Yue.

This was a spirit sword with a speed that was ranked top on the historical cultivation list of spirit swords!

"No matter what, you must be careful today. Apart from us, Immortal Mansion's southern, northern and western branches are currently searching for this family's whereabouts. The Lady of the Castle is a spy I had set up much earlier on. Since our eastern branch has obtained this information, we should make good use of it."

The call ended at this point. The man straightened his beret and heaved a sigh of relief.

Because before he had made the call, he had already used his spiritual senses to perceive that that terrifying teenager didn't seem to be in the villa today.

But while he had been on the phone, there had been a reckless person inside the villa who had dared to use their Heavenly Eye on him. During the call with the branch chief, he had also opened his Heavenly Eye in retaliation and directly made the other party's eyes bleed.

"Has their only fighting force disappeared?" The man looked at the villa with a sneer. The man who had looked at him with the Heavenly Eye was the only fighter he had sensed inside.

Now that that person had been injured, the man was very certain that there were no other unpredictable elements in the villa.

Did this mean he could do whatever he wanted on this mission?

However, just as the man stepped toward the door of the Wang family's small villa...

He noticed that it was actually open.

Then, he saw a brown sword shadow fly out.

...

How fast could a spirit sword be?

The man called Little Tan felt that his three views were being refreshed at that moment.

Because his eyes were very distinctive, he had chosen to refine them into a magic weapon the year he had joined Immortal Mansion. When he opened his Heavenly Eye, the power of his pupils was over ten times stronger than an ordinary Heavenly Eye and exhibited the fullest extent of dynamic sight.

But when the brown sword shadow had streaked out the door, he was dumbstruck to discover that his eyes were unable to track it at all.

The sword light closed in on him so quickly that he broke out in a cold sweat.

But when the brown sword shadow was a dozen centimeters away from him, it stopped, and before his eyes, it broke down into faint specks of light that ultimately merged together again into a human figure.

It was actually a child, with short gray bangs that danced in the wind and dressed in a brown tunic over a white robe, who stared at him coldly.

Was this... a sword spirit?

The man looked at this scene somewhat incredulously.

A sword spirit couldn't appear unless its master was around to summon it through their contract. Otherwise, generally speaking, very few sword spirits had the self-awareness to manifest themselves. The man felt that he had miscalculated — he had only focused on sensing human auras and had overlooked situations like these in which the spirit of a magic weapon might appear.

Whether it was the sword spirit of a spirit sword or the spirit of a magic weapon, before its real body manifested, this distinctive spirit body was easily overlooked since its aura would be restricted to its weapon vessel.

But now wasn't the time to think so much.

Jingke was already coming toward him.

The man ramped up the power of his eyes to its fullest extent, and his pupils bloomed like a kaleidoscope. With the release of his Heavenly Eye's power, golden knife blades appeared in the air and ultimately merged together into a storm which thrust forward at Jingke like a rotating drill.

These blades were made from the convergence of spirit energy from the world and from the universe through the power of the man's Heavenly Eye. As products of the spirit energy of heaven and earth, they didn't have destructive power in themselves, but they were exceptionally hard. Coupled with the storm created through the power of the man's eyes, it would be a devastating strike.

At the shocking sight of this powerful force, Dharmaraja in the villa felt that if this attack hit him, it would leave a gaping hole in his body.

In the face of this spirit light storm, Jingke's expression never changed. Maintaining his indifferent attitude, he walked step by step toward the center of the storm.

From his line of sight in the villa, Dharmaraja could completely see Jingke's figure. He thought that the sword spirit's eyes were just like Ling Zhenren's!

Ding ! Ding ! Ding ding ding ...

The storm swallowed Jingke up, creating a violent collision, but all of it was blocked out by Jingke's sword light.

The man was greatly shocked. He had never once thought that his attack wouldn't have the least bit effect at all; just like that, he could see how powerful this sword spirit was!

He opened his Heavenly Eye wide and at the same time increased the power in his eyes, causing two streams of blood to run down from the corners.

Jingke stood unmoving in the middle of the spirit light storm as he gazed at this scene.

Then, with the sound of a snap, a brown sword light shone forth from Jingke's body.

This scene was like a miracle descending. Jingke actually cut apart that terrifying spirit light storm with ease, as if he was parting the sea to create a safe passage down the middle.

Seeing the man's flabbergasted expression, Jingke's own expression was unruffled as he walked slowly down that passage toward him.

Finally, Jingke stopped in front of the man, and the difference in height was very stark.

The man was built very sturdily and was one hundred and ninety centimeters tall, while Jingke wasn't tall at all as he only reached a point slightly above the man's waist.

Whether from far or up close, this was just a child.

However, even without an oppressive aura, just looking at the brown sword light on Jingke's body as the sword spirit approached him frightened the man so much that he had already broken out in a cold sweat. He was scared out of his wits, and even his knees couldn't help but tremble.

He felt that his many years of cultivation had all been in vain— in a critical moment like this, it wasn't of any damn use!





Chapter 241 The Wang Family's Small Villa is Full of Big Shots!


At this moment, the man from Immortal Mansion's eastern branch completely understood that this was a meaningless battle — from the beginning, he hadn't had the slightest chance of winning!

"Are you from Immortal Mansion?" Just then, from the side, he heard a question asked in a rough voice, and two huge shadows loomed over him with a sense of heavy oppression. Two brawny men with muscles as large as Jinhua ham 1 and who were actually even bigger than he was appeared in front of him!

1(Jinhua ham is a type of dry-cured ham named after the city of Jinhua, where it is produced, in the Zhejiang province of eastern China.) Where on earth had they come from?

No... wait!

There seemed to be a third person!

The man was startled as he lifted his gaze — only then did he notice that in addition to these two brawny men, there was actually a little girl with pink meatball-shaped hair buns and wearing a gray coat sitting on the shoulder of one of the men, her head tilted to look at him.

He already felt completely overwhelmed. It wasn't just this sword spirit, these three people who had come out who knew when were in fact all stronger than him!

If he had a second chance, he just wanted to call his leader and tell him: Chief! I don't want to play anymore!

This wasn't a matter of whether he played or not, but that he couldn't play at all!

"There's no other way..." The burly man from Immortal Mansion was desperate. The situation had grown further and further out of his expectations, and was completely out of his control.

The only thing he could do now was to think of the best way to escape!

Fortunately, he had made sufficient preparations before coming here, which included the "underground escape talisman." As long as this talisman was successfully activated, it would give him a chance to escape, even if these people's realms were higher than his.

His mind whirled with myriad thoughts in the space of a single instant.

He had to take advantage of the moment to escape before this frightening sword spirit and these three people on the side completely teamed up against him. His hands swiftly formed a seal and at the same time, he threw out the underground escape talisman which he had already prepared!

The instant the magic lit up, the ground beneath the man's feet suddenly turned into quicksand, and his whole body dropped down into it.

To ensure that he wouldn't be caught, he even cast the "art of godly movement" on himself! This was an advanced heavenly spirit technique and also an Immortal Mansion secret body spell for putting on speed.

With this "art of godly movement" enhancing the underground escape talisman, the man was now five times faster than the talisman's basic speed of escape. He felt that at his current speed, he should be able to (probably) put some distance between himself and those four people.

Jingke saw the man get sucked down swiftly into the quicksand as he disappeared in the magic light of the underground escape talisman.

Seeing that the talisman had worked, the man who had escaped underground in the magic light breathed a sigh of relief.

But he hadn't even made it halfway when the talisman was forced to stop working.

Up ahead in the tunnel, a little girl's face appeared.

The little girl stared at him, then stretched out her small hands to directly pull him out of the ground...

...

Less than ten seconds after the man had used the underground escape talisman to flee, Sheep jumped out a long distance away before coming back.

Jingke saw that she was holding a dog leash in her small hand, which was directly connected to a collar around the man's neck.

Both Pen and Eraser were startled; Father Wang had bought this collar and leash for Er Ha, but it had been unwilling to put them on, so it had hidden them in the attic. Who knew when they had ended up in Sheep's hands.

With the dog leash in her small hand, Sheep threw the man in front of the two brawny men and sat on him. "...Too weak! He ran so slowly! I even specially went upstairs to get the collar and leash just now, but I never thought that he wouldn't run very far."

"..."

The man wanted to cry... it turned out that there was a group of big shots in this villa whom he hadn't been able to sense.

Jingke crouched down and stretched out one hand to cover the man's forehead. Instantly the man was soaked in sweat as he felt like he was about to be executed.

There clearly wasn't the slightest trace of spiritual pressure about him, yet the oppression he was giving off was immense. His gaze alone felt like a death stare 2 .

2(This is probably referring to the online Luigi Death Stare meme ..) Jingke had already felt out the other party's aura in the previous confrontation, but he hadn't been certain. Now, after careful consideration, he confirmed that this man was from Immortal Mansion.

His spirit energy was exactly the same as that of the red-haired youth who had wielded the sword Abyss Avoidance in the fight against the old devil at Lord Thunder's place back then.

After that, Jingke raised his hand. Several brown spheres of sword qi clustered around his fingers, and he slapped them onto the man's head.

He used the sword qi to seal the man's spirit acupuncture points. For a long while after this, the man wouldn't be able to use his spirit energy.

"What should we do with him, Lord Jingke?" Pen and Eraser, the two brawny men, looked at Jingke.

"Ling, dislikes, trouble."

Jingke looked at the man on the ground and said, "You, handle him, it's fine. I want, to rest."

They had caught the man and furthermore had sealed his spirit energy, so Jingke couldn't be bothered to deal with everything else. It would be fine to leave the rest to the others to handle.

As he yawned, the sword light glowed on his skin once again, and in the end, he transformed back into a sword which fell into the hands of one of the burly men nearby. "Put me, back, in bed."

Pen and Eraser: "..."

The man rubbed his eyes. When he saw Jingke change back into his original form, he thought he had seen wrong.

In the end, he was stupefied once again; he had never ever expected that the real body of such a powerful sword spirit would actually be a peach wood sword commonly found on the market...

"What should we do with him? Throw him into the toilet?" Pen asked with a sigh as he held Jingke in his hand and looked at the man on the ground.

"Not a good idea." Eraser shook his head. "This Immortal Mansion keeps coming to make trouble for us. Since we managed to catch one of them, we can interrogate him for information."

Pen: "But the Lord's not at home right now."

"It's fine, I have Lord Thunder's number, I'm sure he'll definitely be interested." While saying this, Eraser took out a cellphone and made a call.

Soon, Lord Thunder's magnetic voice came over the line. "Hello, this is Thunder. What can I do for you, Your Excellency?"

"Is that Senior Lord Thunder? This is Ling Zhenren's enlightened goblin eraser. We just caught someone from Immortal Mansion trying to break into the Wang family's villa. Are you interested in popping by?" asked the burly man.

"Oh, so it's you. I know you." Lord Thunder laughed. "Now that you mentioned it, I just remembered, didn't Dharmaraja go over to your place today to deliver a sword? Didn't he fight?"

Eraser was quiet before he decided to tell the truth. "This person from Immortal Mansion is very strong; before Senior Dharmaraja could act, he was defeated by the backlash from the other party's aura."

Lord Thunder: "Before he fought... he already lost?"

"Regretfully, Senior Lord Thunder, that's the truth."

Lord Thunder took a deep breath and said, "I'm going to kick him out of the group! How shameful!"

"..."





Chapter 242 Those Enlightened Big Shots


If Dharmaraja hadn't seen it with his own eyes, he definitely wouldn't have expected that apart from these three seniors, there would still be so many big shots hidden in this villa! That little girl with pink meatball-shaped hair buns and wearing a gray jacket was simply terrifying. When she moved, she was like a flash of light — even Ultraman Tiga wouldn't have been able to keep up!

And then there were those two brawny men next to her. One man wore a straw hat while the other wore a suit of armor. They were thick and solid all over. They stood like mighty mountains, emanating an overwhelming sense of oppression.

Dharmaraja pulled his neck back as his eyes fell on the old man next to him. "Old Senior Wang... may I ask, who are these three seniors?"

"Oh, you mean them." The old man scratched his head. "These things were transformed and enlightened by Ling Ling. The one with the straw hat was originally an eraser and the one in armor was originally a pen. As for that little girl, she was originally a freight tricycle. Lei Lei painted and waxed her the other day."

Dharmaraja was stupefied. "..."

So there was this kind of operation?

No wonder this little girl had been holding a tire in her hand the whole time...

While Dharmaraja was speaking with Grandfather Wang, Sheep had already dragged that man from Immortal Mansion to the villa's front door. After Jingke had sealed his spirit acupuncture points, he was even more ordinary than an ordinary person now; apart from the fact that he was a little bigger in size, there was nothing special about him at all. He might not even be able to beat a middle-aged woman at the Body Tempering stage like Mother Wang.

When the man was dragged through the door, he opened his mouth and struggled to speak, making inarticulate noises which confused Dharmaraja. "His spirit acupuncture points have been sealed, but why can't he even speak?"

"Oh, I also just sealed his tongue," Eraser answered. "The interrogation should be left to Senior Lord Thunder since we're just amateurs."

Dharmaraja was surprised once again. "You called Senior Immortal over?"

"That's right, Little Master Ling had told us before that Senior Lord Thunder was investigating Immortal Mansion. He had expected that Immortal Mansion that bunch of impatient people would come here looking for trouble, so he had already let us know earlier on. Once we encountered someone from Immortal Mansion, we were to capture them on the spot and then help Lord Thunder with his investigation."

"I see..."

Dharmaraja nodded his head, and in his heart, his respect for Wang Ling grew even more. That was just like Ling Zhenren; he had even anticipated that this would happen! As expected, his foresight was godly!

"Oh, that's right, apart from that, did Senior Immortal say anything else?" After Dharmaraja calmed down, he was all smiles; he felt that Senior Immortal would praise him for coming here this time to deliver the sword personally!

Eraser fell silent again; initially, he had planned not to say anything, because he knew that Lord Thunder had just been joking earlier. However, now that it had come to this point, Eraser in the end still decided to clarify the issue with Dharmaraja.

After thinking for a while, Eraser opened his mouth and said bluntly, "Senior Lord Thunder said that you should leave the group. To be hit by backlash from an aura before even lifting a finger to fight is too embarrassing."

As a large, big-hearted fellow, he was just forthright like that.

Dharmaraja's cheeks streamed with tears. "..." Did Senior Immortal hate him now?!

After Eraser spoke, Sheep, who had been sitting on the Immortal Mansion man like he was a horse, gave Dharmaraja a strange look.

It seemed like she had heard the sound of something shattering...

...

Later, there were hissing sounds of stir-frying from the kitchen — Grandfather Wang and Mother Wang were cooking. Knowing that Lord Thunder would be coming, the old man stewed the broccoli from the last time the man had visited to make a soup.

There were quite a few people sitting around in the living room of the Wang family's small villa. Pen and Eraser had initially planned to return to their original forms after completing their task, but it couldn't be considered completely done until Lord Thunder took over. So before that happened, they remained in their human forms.

The old man had never treated these "goblins" enlightened by Wang Ling as outsiders, so he warmly invited them to have lunch together.

As a result, the atmosphere in the Wang family's living room was very lively at noon.

Eraser, Pen, Sheep and Dharmaraja were playing The Werewolves of Millers Hollow card game while Sheep sat on the bound Immortal Mansion man as if he was a living cushion.

"Apart from the three of you, there should be other seniors that were enlightened by Ling Zhenren in this villa, right?" Looking at the hand he was holding, Dharmaraja took advantage of their idle card-playing to softly ask his question.

"We don't dare call ourselves seniors, we're just Little Master Ling's transformed goblins. We can't cultivate, so our realms are totally up to our Lord. Lord Dharmaraja, you got to your level step by step by your own efforts, so you're the great senior."

Eraser laughed and said humbly, "Of course, we three certainly aren't the only ones in this villa that have been enlightened, but apart from us, very few of the others can take human form. The rest are just Lord Pen Immortal and Lord Ma."

"These two are...?" Lightning Dharmaraja asked.

"Their abilities are actually a little different. Lord Pen Immortal can draw circles to take people anywhere, but it has to be a known and existing place in the world. On the other hand, the spaces which Lord Ma connects to are all perilous and could even be alternate dimensions. Once you get sucked into one, you might never come back," Eraser explained.

Hearing that, Dharmaraja's world view was refreshed.

Ling Zhenren was actually so formidable to the extent that even the magical treasures he had randomly enlightened all had such powerful abilities.

"I have another question..."

Dharmaraja took a deep breath. He felt like he was about to broach some sensitive topic, but he couldn't hold back his inner desire for gossip. "Do you know Lord Jingke's origin?"

"Oh, you mean Lord Jingke? I thought Senior Dharmaraja was going to ask something strange..." Eraser laughed.

Jingke's origin wasn't actually a secret anymore. When Lord Thunder had come to the Wang family's small villa back then, Grandfather Wang had succinctly explained Jingke's origin in less than ten seconds.

"It was Little Master Ling's father who bought Lord Jingke from the flower and bird market," Eraser answered concisely.

Dharmaraja: "...Is that all?"

"Yes... that's all."

Eraser nodded as he said, "In addition, it was at a bargain price!"

"..."

Dharmaraja badly needed to calm down.

...

After a while, Mother Wang and Grandfather Wang had finished preparing lunch. Looking at the time, Dharmaraja expected that Senior Immortal would be arriving at the villa soon.

He looked up the stairs. "Should we call Lord Pen Immortal and Lord Ma down to eat?"

"Oh, that's not necessary." Eraser shook his head. "The problem with Lord Pen Immortal is that he's addicted to sleeping, so it's best not to disturb him."

Dharmaraja: "Then... how about Lord Ma?"

Hearing that, Pen, Eraser and Sheep had slightly horrified expressions on their faces. "Senior Dharmaraja, do you actually want to eat with a toilet 1 ?"

1('Toilet' is 'ma tong' in Chinese, hence the name Lord Ma..) Dharmaraja: "..."





Chapter 243 The Multi-Purpose Holy Relic


"..."

Dharmaraja really wanted to smash his head against a wall. What Lord Ma!

He already couldn't follow these great seniors' line of thought.

Was talent no longer enough, did cultivation also require imagination now?!

Dharmaraja was lost in deep thought over this.

The fact was that Wang Ling had transformed quite a number of things in passing in the Wang family's small villa. Apart from Lord Ma, there was also Lord Bao. However, this Lord Bao couldn't take on a human form, so Eraser had unconsciously ignored him.

Lord Bao's original form was a LV handbag 1 .

1(Bag is 'bao' in Chinese.) Father Wang had given Mother Wang this bag for their twentieth wedding anniversary. So that it could hold more things when Mother Wang went shopping, Wang Ling had "blessed" this bag the day Father Wang had given it to her.

Lord Bao possessed remarkable mystical abilities. Besides helping Mother Wang to hold a lot of things, if something unexpected happened while she was out, she could directly hide in Lord Bao's storage space. In short, Lord Bao's space was far more practical than the robot cat's, and his "skin" was tougher than the long johns.

...

While Dharmaraja was still pondering the meaning of life after witnessing all kinds of bizarre things in the Wang family's small villa, a ray of light was approaching the villa very swiftly.

A moment later, a man in white with beautiful hair dropped from the sky — this was precisely that Lord Thunder.

He was carrying a lesser known immortal sword on his back, and those extremely dangerous-looking gray grenades still hung around his waist.

This was his regular look whenever he went out.

In this getup, however, he would definitely be arrested on the spot if he took the subway.

That grenade was the secret weapon of Lord Thunder's clan. It was obvious to anyone who had seen it before how lethal and destructive it was.

Furthermore, it was a secret weapon that was even ranked first on the list of destructive secret weapons, and it could injure cultivators at the Soul Formation stage.

Lord Thunder: "Yo, hello everyone!"

"Senior Lord Thunder!" Eraser and Pen stood up to greet him.

Lord Thunder: "Ah? Sheep! Why does it look like your color's faded again? Next time you come to this uncle's place, I'll wax and paint your body!"

"Okay!" Sheep clapped her hands happily.

As soon as he entered the villa, he greeted Pen, Eraser and Sheep with a warm smile, but when he saw Dharmaraja on the side, his smile froze.

Then, he chose to ignore Dharmaraja on the spot, and turned to carry several bags of broccoli into the kitchen and cosy up to Grandfather Wang and Mother Wang.

After taking two or three minutes to give his greetings, Lord Thunder came out of the kitchen looking much more relaxed.

"Senior Immortal!" Dharmaraja raised his hand to greet Lord Thunder. The other man had directly ignored him when he had entered earlier, which made him feel a little embarrassed.

"You..."

Lord Thunder cast a glance at the man from Immortal Mansion whose acupuncture points had been sealed, then looked at Dharmaraja and sighed with some disappointment. "As the successor to the godly thunder inheritance, it's bad enough that you don't cultivate diligently, and you just hang around the Xiao Family Compound every day. You have the godly thunder inheritance, but even in a clash of auras with this guy, you lost... this is the consequence of not moving forward!"

Dharmaraja was instantly speechless and fell silent.

Because this was the truth.

Of the descendants of the twelve ancient clans, he was the last remaining descendant of the Thunder clan, and also the successor to the clan's holy relic. After all, the godly thunder inheritance was currently the only known holy relic to have completely evolved beyond the Great Battle Qi era to rely on spirit energy for its operation.

Dharmaraja had always thought that he alone could never return the Thunder clan to its former glory, so all these years, he had instead taken advantage of the Thunder clan's name and used the godly thunder inheritance to make himself a living.

He had initially thought that even without cultivating, he could still wield strong power with this holy relic.

But after visiting the Wang family's small villa today, Dharmaraja realized that he really was just a frog in the well... he was really too insignificant!

"I won't say any more — from now on, you must put more effort into cultivating, with Ling Zhenren as our goal."

Seeing Dharmaraja lower his head in self-reflection, Lord Thunder didn't bother to say anything else. He had only said that thing about Dharmaraja leaving the group out of anger. After all, everyone in the group were brothers and sisters; there were times when it wasn't necessary to say more; pointing out the problem was enough.

Everyone was at the Soul Formation stage and trying their best to break through to the Void Refinement stage; this was something they were all aware of.

"Senior Lord Thunder, you've come just in time. This is the person from Immortal Mansion we captured. What's more, he's probably a leader in the organization. Lord Jingke has already sealed his spirit acupuncture points." Eraser pointed at the man whom Sheep was sitting on.

"Mm, this time you've really worked hard. It was also thanks to Brother Ling since he knew this bunch of people would definitely come looking for trouble, so he planned ahead."

Lord Thunder smiled, his expression bright. "In fact, even if we weren't able to catch this person today, Brother Ling would have eventually found another way to track down Immortal Mansion's den. Back then at my place, he put a mine inside that Abyss Avoidance sword, so we would have been able to track that Immortal Mansion red-headed youngster's location at any time."

Eraser and Pen were quiet since they already knew this.

Lord Thunder was deliberately saying it for the benefit of this man.

Later on, he pointed a finger at the man and directly unsealed his tongue. "So, is there anything you want to say now?"

This tall and sturdy man of Immortal Mansion kept his lips tightly sealed. "I have nothing to say. Don't expect me to tell you anything. Also, I advise you not to try going through my memories, since our Immortal Mansion people all bear the Lord's brand. If anyone tries to take our memories by force, it'll explode, and all of you will die as well."

"An explosion? Are you going to add a Thomas flair sky spiral 2 too? You dare threaten us?"

2(Probably trying to convey the idea of the explosion sending them pinwheeling into the sky.) Pen let out a hmph and wanted to teach this person a lesson.

But Lord Thunder stopped him before he could make a move. "— Hang on!"

Flipping his own hair back, he carefully checked the man's nape, and then sighed. "It seems he's telling the truth; there are traces of a brand on the back of his neck."

Dharmaraja furrowed his brow. "Senior Immortal, what should we do now?"

"We can only wait until he's ready to talk."

Lord Thunder looked at the man on the ground and said, "People from Immortal Mansion like to refine some part of their body into a magic weapon. I heard that this man seems to be extremely confident in the power of his eyes...?"

Eraser nodded his head. "They are indeed very powerful; before Lord Dharmaraja could do anything, the shock already caused his eyes to bleed!"

It felt like another arrow to Dharmaraja's knee. "..."

Can you stop bringing this thing up?! It's so humiliating!

"Very well."

Lord Thunder laughed sinisterly, stood up, and patted Dharmaraja's shoulder. "Dharmaraja, it's time for you to redeem yourself!"

Dharmaraja: "???"

Lord Thunder: "Someone come and force this person's eyelids open. Then Dharmaraja, you can blind his damn eyes with your godly thunder inheritance until he confesses!"





Chapter 244 If I Can Lie On Ling Zhenren's Bed Someday...


Lord Thunder's rule for interrogation had always been to use special methods for special people. Of course, it might seem a little like unlawful torture, but in order to deal with the dark forces which liked to play small tricks behind the scenes, Lord Thunder's interrogation methods were nothing.

There were times when he felt that not everyone was able to comprehend basic truths through cultivation. Different people at the Soul Formation stage would have different understandings of it — the biggest difference was that some people became wiser while some became more muddled.

Obviously, after the man heard Lord Thunder tell Dharmaraja to use the godly thunder inheritance, he couldn't help sweating buckets of cold water.

The man looked at Dharmaraja blankly. "Are you... a descendant of the Thunder clan?"

"That's right." Dharmaraja nodded.

Man from Immortal Mansion: "..."

He had never expected that this person who had been standing in front of him all this time, wearing goggles and looking like a perverted uncle, would actually be a descendant of the Thunder clan, one of the twelve ancient clans.

To be honest, in the split second when their gazes had met earlier, a thought had flashed through the man's mind as he wondered whether this perverted uncle was an actor who played roles where he acted as a groper.

He didn't look like a descendant of the famous Thunder clan at all, and it was completely different from what he had imagined! — Even if you couldn't release one hundred thousand volts 1 , shouldn't you at least fit the picture of a teen idol with spiky blonde hair and a clearly defined six-pack, crackling with lightning 2 ?!

1(This is Pikachu's Thunderbolt attack.)

2(This is a reference to the Super Saiyan level in 'Dragonball.') The man from Immortal Mansion couldn't suppress the strong desire in his heart to ridicule Dharmaraja fiercely.

Reality proved that there were times when people's dreams could really be crushed...

From where she was sitting on the man, Sheep could clearly see the expression of loss on his face after he had verified that Dharmaraja was from the Thunder clan.

She noticed that his eyes had grown dim.

Furthermore, this time, she could clearly hear the sound of his heart breaking.

...

"So after all this, it turns out that this person is your fan?" Lord Thunder had crossed his arms and there was a funny expression on his face.

Dharmaraja was flattered: "..." He actually had fans?

"It makes sense. The last descendant of the Thunder clan who can use spirit energy to activate the holy relic, the godly thunder inheritance — by all accounts, it sounds like a great legend. The Thunder clan's name from back then is still a great one." Lord Thunder curled his lip as he looked at Dharmaraja and said, "If you continue working for the Xiao clan as an electric welder, you'll just be squandering what's left of its reputation."

Dharmaraja blushed with shame when he heard this.

"Long ago, the Thunder clan protected our ancestors, which is why we juniors have always valued the clan." The man on the ground gritted his teeth and said, "But just because a descendant of the Thunder clan is standing in front of me doesn't mean I'll tell you anything just like that..."

"So you're a man of integrity."

Lord Thunder sighed helplessly at the man on the ground.

A moment later, he waved his hand. "Fine, we're not in any rush to interrogate him. Let's just eat first. We can't miss Old Senior Wang's stewed broccoli soup!"

Dharmaraja was a little surprised. "What? Didn't you want me to blind him with my godly thunder inheritance?"

"In any case, he's a fan of yours, do you think you can really do that to him?" Lord Thunder laughed.

As expected, Dharmaraja hesitated. He looked at the man on the ground and gave it some more thought before deciding to let it go in the end. He noticed that Lord Thunder looked very confident, so he knew that the other man very likely had a countermeasure in place already.

Dharmaraja had always felt that in a world which prioritized looks, people who were his fans were a rare species... it had been hard to find one, so he had to take good care of him.

If the man hadn't been a fan, Dharmaraja had already been prepared to fry him either medium or medium well.

...

When it was time to eat, Father Wang and Lie Mengmeng didn't come downstairs as they were still engaged in lively discussion in the study. Lord Thunder directly delivered the food to them, and the man from Immortal Mansion was taken aback by his reverent attitude.

At this point, he already couldn't use logic to figure out the situation inside this villa — because so far, looking at the current situation, there didn't seem to be a single normal person here!

He clearly couldn't sense any fluctuation of spirit energy from the homeowner, but whether it was Great Death-Courting Senior or Lightning Dharmaraja, a descendant of the Thunder clan, both of them showed reverence for the master of the house, and even called him "great senior."

The man wondered deeply whether his ability to sense spirit energy had already been crippled...

As they ate, this man from Immortal Mansion wasn't idle; although he had been tied up firmly, he was still thinking of ways to discreetly notify Immortal Mansion of the situation.

After a cheerful lunch with Mother Wang and Grandfather Wang, Lord Thunder directly carried the man upstairs.

The man was heavy and 1.9 meters tall, but Lord Thunder just lifted him up by the rope with one finger, as if he was lifting up a chicken. He then threw him into Wang Ling's room to continue the interrogation.

Sitting on the edge of Wang Ling's bed, Lord Thunder crossed his slender legs and gazed languidly at the man in front of him. "Don't bother trying, as soon as you entered the door just now, Sheep and the others had already flagged you. Any fluctuations of magic weapons and communication signals are cut off inside this house and won't connect to the outside world."

"Ah? This type of operation exists?" Dharmaraja was stunned again. Ever since coming to the Wang family's villa, he had felt like a fool, experiencing one shock after another.

He carefully checked his phone and saw that indeed, it didn't have a signal. No wonder he hadn't gotten any phone calls since coming here.

"I forgot to ask Sheep to set it up for you just now. The next time you come here, you won't be flagged anymore," Lord Thunder said as he looked at Dharmaraja.

"Then what about you?" Dharmaraja asked in return.

Lord Thunder replied, "I'm a regular guest, so they already changed the setting for me earlier on."

As Lord Thunder spoke, Dharmaraja realized that the other man was already lying on Ling Zhenren's bed like a paralyzed geyou 3 . What was more, his elbow was pressing down a little on Jingke, lying next to the pillow... but Jingke didn't mind at all, and didn't make the slightest move!

3(A reminder that Ge You is an actor who starred in a TV comedy sitcom called I Loved My Family. A screencap of a scene where he's slouching down on a sofa low enough that he's almost lying flat became a Chinese online viral meme..) Dharmaraja was speechless when he saw this. This wasn't just being familiar... this was already being intimate!

This was Ling Zhenren's bed, pillow and sword...

Even if he returned here a hundred times, Dharmaraja didn't think he would ever have the nerve to sprawl so leisurely on Ling Zhenren's bed like that.

He fixed his eyes on Wang Ling's soft single bed and swallowed unconsciously.

From another point of view, if he could someday lie on Ling Zhenren's bed like Lord Thunder... would that mean that his relationship with Ling Zhenren would have advanced a step?





Chapter 245 Your Lao Tan Pickled Cabbage Beef Noodles Have Arrived


Lord Thunder cast a sidelong glance at Dharmaraja and saw him staring stupidly at the bed. "Dharmaraja, are you thinking about something obscene?"

Lightning Dharmaraja: "..."

Lord Thunder: "If you're thinking about lying down on Ling Zhenren's bed, I advise you to forget it. A few years ago, I teamed up with him to catch that ruthless, rampaging Six-Fingered Zither Demon, and we brought him here. Who knew that this guy wouldn't be able to resist the temptation to straightaway lie down on the bed."

Six-Fingered Zither Demon?

The man from Immortal Mansion couldn't help sweating — this savage had been really infamous a few years ago, and even foreign news media outlets had commented that this devil would surpass Devil Emperor Gua Pi.

But in the end, this Six-Fingered Zither Demon had somehow been caught, stripped of his spirit energy, and then locked away in a holy prison. Specific details of the operation had never been made public.

Dharmaraja swallowed. "What happened?"

Lord Thunder breathed a sigh. "After that, this Six-Fingered Zither Demon could no longer see the fingers in front of his face..."

Lightning Dharmaraja: "Do you mean that this Zither Demon went blind?"

Lord Thunder: "No, he literally had no more fingers."

Dharmaraja and the man from Immortal Mansion: "..."

"The moment this Zither Demon lay down on Ling Zhenren's bed, Lord Pillow Immortal cut off all the six fingers that this demon was so proud of," Lord Thunder said. "Lord Pillow Immortal was also enlightened by Brother Ling, and unless he has given permission, any outsider who tries to lie on this bed will suffer a tragic end."

Cold sweat drenched Dharmaraja's back, and he took several steps back.

"Actually, you don't have to be that scared. If you touch the bed accidentally, it's not like Lord Pillow Immortal will do anything to you." Lord Thunder laughed and waved his hand.

"Then how did you do it?" Dharmaraja had a curious expression on his face.

"That's a secret."

Lord Thunder narrowed his eyes and smiled slightly.

A year's supply of crispy noodle snacks for the right to lie on this bed for a year... there was no way he would tell anyone about this great bargain!

...

The bedroom was utterly silent. The man from Immortal Mansion lay on the floor and still refused to say anything. But as Lord Thunder had said earlier, he had already figured out a solution.

Hence, only Dharmaraja was left feeling anxious. Senior Immortal liked to keep people guessing; this was a trait that had never changed from the moment they had met.

Roughly fifteen minutes later, Lord Thunder sat up from his paralyzed geyou slouch and looked out the window with a smile. "He's here..."

He had already considered the fact that the person dropping by would interrupt the seniors inside the villa by ringing the doorbell, so he quickly got up, his white clothes fluttering.

He thus went downstairs to wait directly at the front door of the Wang family's small villa.

A moment later, an uncle who looked to be in his forties could be seen approaching the villa from a distance, a delivery bag in hand. He still had those sunken eyes and that long knife scar which bisected his right eye and stretched down his neck.

"Yo, Boss Tan, hello." Lord Thunder greeted him from afar.

When Boss Tan came up to him and saw who had ordered the takeout, his lips twitched straightaway. "Why is it you?"

Delivered from eight hundred li away, the noodles had already turned to paste... If this order hadn't been for ten bowls of noodles, he would never have come!

Boss Tan thrust the bag into Lord Thunder's hand. "There, your ten large bowls of lao tan pickled cabbage beef noodles."

Lord Thunder took the bag, that sunny smile still on his face. "Boss, why has your Midnight Dining Hall started doing deliveries now?"

"Business is bad." Boss Tan threw his hands up in the air. "My shop does open at night, but I should take advantage of the day as well. I think takeout delivery is a very good idea."

"Oh."

Lord Thunder nodded. "Actually, we wanted you to deliver the takeout in particular because of something else."

Boss Tan straightaway laughed since he had already guessed it the moment he had seen Lord Thunder.

"Tell me then, what do you want?"

Boss Tan asked with a sigh, "The hawthorn seed I gave you the last time didn't produce anything?"

That couldn't be, it had been the real thing... also, the story behind it had been true.

He had kept this seed all this time — if it hadn't been because he had wanted to say goodbye to that old story and start a new chapter in his life, plus it had also just so happened that someone was investigating the maker of the stone ghost mask, Boss Tan didn't think he would have given away that seed just like that.

"No, it's not about the seed." Lord Thunder shook his head with a smile as he stepped to one side. "Boss Tan, please follow me upstairs and take a look."

Boss Tan was a little hesitant as he gazed at the door.

...

To be honest, before seeing Boss Tan, Lord Thunder had still been doubtful about his deduction. But after seeing the other man in person, he could confirm that Boss Tan's spirit energy was extremely similar to that of the man from Immortal Mansion.

Also, Boss Tan had personally advised him to stay away from Immortal Mansion when he had eaten noodles at his shop before, so Lord Thunder had reason to believe that the man from Immortal Mansion might have something to do with Boss Tan.

Boss Tan was very sharp; it seemed that he had already noticed something, and though he was on the first floor, his gaze was fixed in the direction of Wang Ling's bedroom on the second floor.

The afternoon sun lit up that knife scar, which had to have some story behind it, on Boss Tan's face.

Lord Thunder remembered Boss Tan saying before that he had gotten this scar after taking a careless tumble that had put him in the path of a holy weapon's attack while he had been fleeing the sect amidst the chaos of battle. This story had sounded a little bizarre and a little too much like the plot of a drama — the point was that it just sounded very, very unconvincing.

Lord Thunder had always felt that the story behind this knife scar was probably far more complicated than it seemed.

Boss Tan's inscrutable gaze was fixed on the floor above.

He had been trying to run from the past all these years.

But sure enough, it was impossible to escape what was meant to be...

After a short pause, he waved one hand and looked at Lord Thunder. "Lead on."

...

When they entered the villa, Grandfather Wang and Mother Wang were washing the dishes in the kitchen. Lord Thunder went in to greet them and say that he had brought a friend over to conduct the interrogation together. The old man was a very easygoing person, and straightaway accepted it without asking too many questions.

Boss Tan stood outside the kitchen, and when he saw Lord Thunder's humble attitude as he bowed after every question he asked, he was greatly surprised. For some reason, he felt as if he was surrounded by a group of big shots...

Then, Lord Thunder showed Boss Tan upstairs.

In front of the bedroom door, Boss Tan raised his eyebrows, his hands behind his back. "Is it here?"

Lord Thunder hummed in acknowledgement. "We caught someone from Immortal Mansion, and want to ask you if you recognize him."

Boss Tan nodded without saying a word.

That brawny man from Immortal Mansion seemed to have already sensed something. He raised his head with a slightly scared expression from where he was lying on the floor, and happened to look right at that knife scar on Boss Tan's face as soon as the latter entered the room.

They looked at each other, lost in silence...

A moment later, this man from Immortal Mansion, whose face had turned pale with fright, actually retreated to one corner of the room in fear. "Big brother... why are you here?"





Chapter 246 A Spirit Sword Collector Maniac


Although they had already guessed that Boss Tan was somehow connected to this man from Immortal Mansion, whether it was Lord Thunder or Dharmaraja, they hadn't expected the relationship to be that close.

Bro...ther?

Lord Thunder blinked and felt like he was watching a melodramatic soap opera.

Because whether it was in terms of build or appearance, Boss Tan and the man on the floor were completely unalike.

Boss Tan was of medium build with well-defined muscles, but nowhere close to this man's tall and sturdy frame.

Seeing the man huddled in the corner, Boss Tan clearly twitched, and he put one hand to his brow as if his head hurt. "Didn't I tell you to leave? Why are you still fooling around there after all these years?"

The man looked a little aggrieved. "Master told me that after I complete one more task, I'll be promoted to branch leader! And after I retire from the division, I plan on getting the pension..."

Boss Tan was instantly speechless. "..." His little brother was still so naïve! He would believe anything, even such nonsense about a pension!

Boss Tan couldn't help recalling when he had chosen to leave the sect back then after he had seen through that stingy Master of Immortal Mansion! Boss Tan's pay had been far less than what he now earned, after opening his shop!

Of course, that was just one of the reasons why Boss Tan had left — the most crucial thing was that this Immortal Mansion was too complicated.

Furthermore, he had been able to tell earlier on how twisted this Master of Immortal Mansion actually was!

"How long has it been since you caught my brother?" Boss Tan sighed and asked.

"Probably less than two hours," Dharmaraja answered.

"If I remember correctly, Immortal Mansion has a routine check-in procedure. Whether the mission is a success or not, if there hasn't been a progress report by the allocated time, it would be treated as a failure." Boss Tan narrowed his eyes. He was well aware that once Immortal Mansion determined that the mission had failed, the person who had been assigned the mission would very quickly become a target to be eliminated.

Without saying anything else, Boss Tan straightaway took out the phone from the man's pocket, pressed the callback button and put it on speaker, then stared at the man in front of him. "You know what to say, right?"

The man looked aggrieved. "Bro..."

Boss Tan's expression was severe as he pressed down on the man's head. "Cut the crap! Behave yourself, or I'll crush your head between my thighs!"

The man: "..."

Soon, a voice came over the line. "Hello? Little Tan, what is the status of your mission?"

After a short period of silence, he finally answered, "Reporting, Chief, I ran into a bit of trouble, but it wasn't of any consequence."

"Oh, then do you need reinforcements?"

"...That is unnecessary, I can handle it."

"Very well, I await your victory."

After that, Boss Tan ended the call and breathed a sigh of relief. "I'm sorry to trouble all of you. Let me introduce him; this is my biological brother, Tan Qian."

"No wonder," said Lord Thunder. "I felt that his spirit energy was similar to yours. When the two of you were talking just now, I instantly thought that your voices were alike. Could it be that this little brother Tan and Boss Tan are twins?"

"Yes, we're twins," Boss Tan said. "Did you think our looks and builds are different? That's because he cultivates Immortal Mansion's Panwu Immortal Martial Arts. This technique makes up for the lack of any innate talent; after cultivation, a person becomes taller and stronger, and their appearance changes. However, it has one drawback, and that is it shortens a person's lifespan."

Boss Tan seemed to be recalling a lot of things. "In the past, I saw with my own eyes how those who cultivated this technique for hundreds of years all became giants tens of meters tall, and they moved in an abnormal way."

Ab...normal 1 ?

1(In the manga series "Clash of Titans," titans are classed as abnormal when they display unusual behavior, one of which is speed-walking or running ..) Lord Thunder and Dharmaraja's lips twitched. "..."

"Do you know what happens to these abnormal types?" Boss Tan gave his little brother a meaningful look.

"Chief said that those who cultivate the Panwu Immortal Martial Arts are assigned roles as competent staff who work behind the scenes at Immortal Mansion's Peach Blossom Source, where they can get anything they want," replied Tan Qian.

"It looks like you don't know anything at all."

Boss Tan laughed, but there was sorrow in his expression. "People who cultivate this technique are indeed ultimately sent to a place called Peach Blossom Source. But the truth is that that place is one of Immortal Mansion's secret execution grounds. Every last person in the late cultivation stage of the Panwu Immortal Martial Arts is executed... their bodies, moreover, become sources of immense power."

"How can that be..."

Tan Qin was dumbstruck — he had known nothing about this at all.

Lord Thunder and Dharmaraja were soaked in cold sweat. It was true that after cultivators died, their bodies could actually become powerful sources of energy. But what did the Master of Immortal Mansion need so much energy for?

"Unfortunately, I was only able to uncover this much before I made the decision to leave. I don't know what their ultimate goal is. Back then, I did everything I could to escape those people." The distress on Boss Tan's face was apparent.

"Then Boss, do you have your own suspicions?"

Lord Thunder furrowed his brow. If Boss Tan was telling the truth, then Immortal Mansion was far more evil than he had imagined.

"I might have a rough idea." Boss Tan continued, "As far as I know, the Master of Immortal Mansion is actually a spirit sword collector maniac. He already has two-thirds of the spirit swords on the historical cultivation list of swords. Also, based on the clues I collected, it looks like he's trying to create the ultimate godly sword to crush all the other swords on the list..."

Lord Thunder was abruptly struck by something. "That person from Immortal Mansion who caused a ruckus at my place was looking for the maker of the stone ghost mask. Does that have anything to do with this?"

"It's very likely." Boss Tan nodded. "If they want to create the ultimate godly sword, they need to find a powerful smith."

Hearing this, Tan Qian felt like giving up on thinking. Huddled in the corner, he gripped his head in pain.

"Senior Immortal, are you going to deal with him?"

Boss Tan looked at Tan Qian before turning his head to face the young man in white in front of him. "He probably doesn't know any more than I do about Immortal Mansion. If you let him go, I'll tell you whatever you want to know, and I won't leave anything out."

"Since he's your little brother, we can talk about what to do next," Lord Thunder replied.

"That's good."

Boss Tan let out a breath. "But Senior Immortal, I have one request."

Lord Thunder nodded. "Boss Tan, feel free to say it."

"Everyone says that you know a lot of strange techniques. Do you perhaps know of a way to make a person forget the abilities that they've cultivated?"

Boss Tan looked at Tan Qian and said, "He hasn't cultivated the Panwu Immortal Martial Arts to a high level, but this technique is addictive; a person can easily become hooked on it, and it's hard to give up unless one forgets it."

Lord Thunder understood what Boss Tan was saying.

Indeed, it would be very dangerous to continue cultivating this art.

However, trying to get rid of one specific memory was really too difficult!

Furthermore, the art itself would be embedded in the depths of a person's mind, and was the hardest type of deep-set memory to extract.

Boss Tan: "Senior Immortal, do you have any good ideas?"

Lord Thunder scratched his head, then pointed at Tan Qian. "What if... I try punching him?"

Boss Tan, Tan Qian and Dharmaraja: "..."





Chapter 247 Can Only Become a Big Shot Through Study


People were prone to forget things. Even if there was a way to get rid of the memory, the entire memory timeframe would also be erased. Trying to extract a specific memory of a particular event and make it disappear was truly difficult.

"As expected... it can't be done, can it?"

Boss Tan sighed with some resignation. "If there truly is no other way, I can only handle it by force..."

Lord Thunder raised an eyebrow. "For example?"

Boss Tan: "For example, when he gets the craving to do martial arts, I'll forcibly tie him up and stop him from doing the hand seals."

"..."

"But even then there's another problem; when he goes into withdrawal, my little brother will go wild with rage, and it'll be very hard to control him then." Saying this, Boss Tan's eyes lit up. "Unless... we have the Golden Canopy Rope."

The Three Auspicious Treasures again...

It suddenly occurred to Lord Thunder that the Seven Stars Sword which they had obtained from that subordinate of the Lady of the Castle, Ah You, was still with him.

After that, Lord Thunder had in fact asked Little Black to investigate the remaining two magic weapons. He already knew that one of them, the genuine Purple Gold Gourd, had been in the old devil's hands, while there was no news yet on the whereabouts of the Golden Canopy Rope.

On the side, as he listened to the conversation between the two, Tan Qian's eyes dimmed significantly. If it hadn't been for today's incident, he would never have realized how deep the still waters ran in Immortal Mansion. "Brother, when I go back, I'll be honest and resign."

"No, given the current situation, it would be safer for you to remain at Immortal Mansion. Fortunately, this aligns with our investigation into this organization. For these people to turn you into this... it would be better to just kill them all."

Tan Qian started at the look in Tan Siming's eyes. This was the first time he had seen such an expression on his big brother's face.

Boss Tan's eyes darkened. "The most important thing right now is to find a way to help you suppress the side effects of the Panwu Immortal Martial Arts."

"How about we wait for Ling Zhenren to return and ask him then?" Dharmaraja suddenly cut in.

"Ling Zhenren?"

Boss Tan patted his head in sudden recollection. "Oh, is that the young man who wrote a song in my shop before?" Back then, he had already felt that the young man wasn't a simple person, but he hadn't thought that he would actually be a big shot!

"Ling Zhenren has amazing abilities, he will definitely think of something. But we won't know for sure until he comes back. At the moment, he's still at his school's military training," said Dharmaraja.

...School... military training?

Because he had already seen Father Wang before, Boss Tan was already aware of Wang Ling's identity as a student. But when he heard Dharmaraja's words for himself, he was still unable to suppress his shock... this Lightning Dharmaraja and Great Death-Courting Senior Lord Thunder in front of him were both famous in the cultivation world, but even they called Wang Ling "Zhenren 1 " over and over again, as befitting a senior...

1(A reminder that 'Zhenren' means 'perfected one.') Boss Tan really couldn't imagine Ling Zhenren's reason for being so absorbed in his studies...

Sure enough! Knowledge was power.

Could it be that one could only become a big shot through study?

...

That evening, Tan Qian didn't leave until he and Boss Tan had had dinner at the Wang family's small villa.

The old man was very hospitable toward the Tan brothers. While this was Boss Tan's first time meeting Grandfather Wang, it was enough to make him want to prostrate himself in admiration before the old man. In the face of Tan Qian's harassment and offense against them, Grandfather Wang hadn't gotten angry, but instead had repaid evil with good — only a true great senior would have this type of tolerance!

On the way back to Immortal Mansion on his flying sword, Tan Qian's eyes were fixed on the small medicine bottle in his hand, his heart filled with complex emotions.

Since he hadn't been able to think of a way to suppress the addiction caused by the Panwu Immortal Martial Arts, Lord Thunder had given Tan Qian this bottle of sleeping pills for the time being. It was the best solution he could think of at the moment to thoroughly cut off the addiction caused by cultivating this technique.

These sleeping pills had been personally made by Immortal Toya. Half a pill was enough to make a Soul Formation cultivator sleep for three hours — even if the sky collapsed, he wouldn't wake up. The effect of a whole pill would usually last for six hours, which happened to coincide with when the martial arts withdrawal would happen.

But relying on sleeping pills wasn't a long-term solution. The higher a person's realm, the more immune they became to the drug. This bottle of sleeping pills would only be good for half a month at the most. After that, the drug's efficacy would plummet.

Of course, this wasn't the real reason for Tan Qian's confused feelings.

He had clearly come to the Wang family's small villa today to investigate the truth about them, but in the end he had failed. Instead, he had been caught, and had been taught a lesson by his own big brother on the spot before being fooled into staying on with Immortal Mansion, but as a spy.

As for the Master of Immortal Mansion's ultimate aim, this was all speculation on his brother Tan Siming's part. Though Tan Qian felt that it was already very close to the truth, if he wanted to verify it, he would still need to do his best and collect some real evidence.

What he found surprising...

...was that he had actually become the legendary "erwuzai 2 "...

2(This is Cantonese slang to refer to a traitor..) ...

Sometimes coincidence was a magical thing — you never knew what was going to happen next. Even Wang Ling, who knew the Measuring Fate Spell and had once predicted Guo Hao's fate, couldn't predict his own fortune.

It was June 20th on Monday in the ninth week of the semester.

The combined military training for the six schools had ended. The school had specially put aside today as a day of rest for students to relieve their fatigue and absorb the knowledge they gained from the military training.

To be honest, Wang Ling hadn't profited much from the military training, especially since he had gone into it with a "fishing in troubled waters" mentality. Guo Hao might have suffered because of one mouthful of Mother Juan's "fan bing bing," but he was the person to have benefited the most from it.

Various renowned universities had extended an olive branch to him, and a spirit sword manufacturer had even invited him to be their brand ambassador. It could be said that his future career path was bright...

Guo Hao had once said that his dream was to open the biggest seafood market in the country, larger than his family's pet shop in terms of both scale and reputation.

And back then, Wang Ling had indeed measured Guo Hao's fortune.

According to the outcome of his fortune-telling at that time, Guo Hao's ambition would be realized in five hundred years.

Now, Wang Ling finally understood.

The military training was the original source of all this evil...

...

In the evening at the Wang family's small villa, Wang Ling returned to his bedroom and found signs that Jingke had taken action. He had placed Jingke under his pillow before he left, and now he noticed that Jingke was next to it instead.

Sure enough, while he had been gone these two days, someone had come to make trouble.

He suddenly felt that leaving Jingke behind in the villa had been the right decision to make.

"Ling Ling, come down and eat." Mother Wang had already prepared dinner downstairs.

Wang Ling put Jingke away again and went downstairs. It was only then that he realized that Er Ha actually hadn't followed him upstairs earlier.

That was because when it had gone up halfway, the old man had intercepted it to squish its cheeks.

As he rubbed Er Ha's fat little face, the old man frowned and murmured in his heart: Why has this kid lost weight?





Chapter 248 Er Ha's Dream


After thoroughly accepting its fate as a dog, it could be said that Er Ha had assimilated further into modern cultivation life, and since Number 60 High School, had gradually integrated into the Wang family. The old man only knew that Er Ha used to be a demon king, and had never brought up its original identity.

Anyone would be curious, but the old man was keenly aware that as a former demon king, Er Ha also had its pride.

The past was the past; now, he just treated Er Ha as a member of the Wang family. It was enough for him to know that it was a loyal dog.

Therefore, the person Er Ha was the closest to in the Wang family after Little Master Ling was Grandfather Wang.

Teacher Pan had borrowed Er Ha for a few days for the military training. It appeared to have lost a lot of weight, which made the old man's heart ache just looking at it. Actually, it wasn't that Er Ha had gotten thinner, but that it now had a far more refined-looking body after advancing in its cultivation, creating the mistaken impression that it looked "thin."

But the old man didn't understand any of this. Seeing that Er Ha was thinner, he began to rack his brains for nutritious meals to feed it so that it could become "Toad Zhuangshi 1 ."

1(This probably alludes to Luhan from the Kpop boyband EXO, whose real name is purportedly "Liu Zhuangshi." "Zhuangshi" means 'robust' or 'sturdy.') That evening, while Wang Ling had dinner, the old man prepared an additional meal for Er Ha. Wang Ling saw the old man spin a ladle familiarly in the kitchen as he smiled at Er Ha at his feet. "At my age, how much longer do you think I can live for?"

Er Ha suddenly raised its head and looked suspiciously at the old man; it didn't know why he would suddenly bring up this sad topic.

It didn't know any techniques for measuring fate, but it knew how to read faces a little, and it was very certain in its heart that for the old man to live to a ripe old age was definitely not a problem.

"Even if I can live to be ninety, that's less than thirty years away. You are a demon king, and you know how to cultivate. Shouldn't you live longer than me?"

The old man smiled inanely and squatted down to rub Er Ha's head. "No matter how long I'll be able to stay with you or who you'll guard the house for in the future, right now, you are my family's dog."

Wang Ling looked at this scene through the doorway.

He saw that Er Ha actually had tears in its eyes.

...

After dinner was when the old man would watch TV.

Based on Mother Wang's recommendation, he had finished watching the entire series of The Story of the True Ring 2 . Then, under Father Wang's careful guidance, he had finally learned how to use the TV's search function, and was able to browse for dramas he was interested in.

2(The title in Chinese, 'Zhenhua Zhuan,' is a homophone for the title of the Chinese TV series "Empresses in the Palace."') The old man had recently been watching a large-scale inspirational youth drama production about cooking called The Verdant and Spicy Years 3 . It told the story of a young chef from a family of chefs who, in his struggles to become a kitchen god, went on a search for the legendary godly onion 4 which was said to be able to bring out the fullest umami flavor of a dish, and he was accompanied by his little sister childhood sweetheart as well as his warmhearted gay friend.

3(The title in Chinese, 'Cong cong na nian,' is a homophone for a 2014 Chinese school film titled "Back in Time.")

4(It might be worth pointing out here that 'cong' in the Chinese word for 'verdant' also means 'onion.') In the quest for this legendary godly onion, these three people experienced countless dangers. In the end, the protagonist's sweetheart sacrificed her own ancestral white water lily to attract the godly onion. It was when the godly onion was sucking the white water lily dry, almost turning it into black fungus, that the protagonist and his gay friend decisively made a move and grabbed the godly onion with an R Flash 5 . In the end, the trio joined forces to become master chefs!

5(A gaming term in 'League of Legends.') The old man hugged Er Ha, one hand stroking its dog fur while he used the other to wipe away his tears.

He had never cried like this before he had watched The Story of the True Ring . Now, he was wholly moved by the protagonist as he struggled on his path toward becoming a kitchen god; it was a story which resonated significantly with the old man.

He couldn't help sighing emotionally in his heart: this, was true damn youth!

Conversely, Er Ha was clearly taken aback by the plot of this drama as it stared at the TV blankly.

Er Ha gave up on thinking...

...

When Er Ha returned to the room at eight o'clock that evening, it found Little Master Ling cleaning Jingke's sword body.

Cleaning Jingke was very different to cleaning other swords. It couldn't touch water, and it couldn't be rubbed with spirit sand as that would destroy the grain pattern on the sword.

In essence, it was still a peach wood sword, so more care had to be taken with its maintenance.

Wang Ling hadn't cleaned Jingke with such care for a very long time. He had to infuse the spirit earth specially used for cleaning wooden swords with his spirit energy and then cover every inch of Jingke's body with it as if he was applying a facial mask. After the spirit soil was completely dry, he would peel it off little by little.

It seemed very simple, but it was delicate work, so each time Wang Ling cleaned Jingke's body, he looked particularly serious. This was probably the most serious that Er Ha had seen him except for when he was studying.

As Er Ha stared at Wang Ling in the silence of their surroundings, it somehow started to feel a little sleepy...

Soon, it could no longer keep its eyes open.

...

Er Ha was dreaming from a god's perspective.

It dreamed of a fat stranger with a bloody mouth who was tied to an iron post. In front of him stood a Taoist in red.

The Taoist in red sneered, and instantly, the spirit energy behind him transformed into a hundred magic swords which pierced the fat man's chest...

The scene changed.

Er Ha saw the Taoist in red throw those bloody, magic swords into a furnace...

What on earth was the meaning of this dream? Er Ha watched blankly from a god's perspective, and heard the Taoist in red laugh wildly as he cast all the magic swords into the furnace.

At this laugh, Er Ha abruptly woke up.

It leapt to its feet as if it had had a nightmare. In front of him, Little Master Ling was still cleaning Jingke's sword body.

It looked at the clock on the wall — it was five minutes past eight o'clock.

This seemingly long and fragmented dream had actually only lasted five minutes.

What the hell was going on?

A few drops of cold sweat ran down Er Ha's face — ordinarily, it seldom dreamed while it slept.

...Was this a foreshadowing dream of the toad clan?

Er Ha abruptly widened its eyes.

It recalled a legend of the toad clan. Toads were lazy by nature and liked to sleep. They seldom dreamed, so if they did, it was an omen. Though Er Ha was a dog now, in essence, it still had the soul of a toad!

But this dream was really too strange.

From beginning to end, it had jumped from scene to scene, and it had featured people Er Ha had never seen before... Damn foreshadowing dream, tell me the story clearly! We're not acting out Conan 6 , do you have to be so cryptic?

6(From the manga and anime series 'Detective Conan.') Er Ha lay flat on the ground as it pulled at its ears, suddenly feeling its brain hurt. For the time being, in the current situation, its IQ wasn't high enough to solve the riddle of this dream.





Chapter 249 Your Stamina Sucks!


Er Ha felt that its foreshadowing dream was a little like the golden millet dream1. The difference, however, was that in the legendary golden millet dream, one experienced and enjoyed a lifetime of prosperity, only to wake up and find that the millet hadn't finished cooking. But with Er Ha's own dream, it couldn't discern what on earth it was trying to say.

1(This is based on the Chinese folktale "The Dream of the Pillow"in which a poor, young scholar falls asleep while waiting for his meal of millet to cook, & dreams of his rise to power. When he wakes up, the millet is still cooking) Er Ha didn't know who that wildly laughing maniac in its dream with the one hundred magic swords behind him was, nor the fat man whose heart had been stabbed by those swords.

Furthermore, Er Ha realized that their faces were becoming more and more blurry. The HD unpixelated features which had been so clear during the dream had in a short instant become just shadows in its mind.

Er Ha scratched its dog head and looked a little jittery. It wanted to tell Little Master Ling about the dream, but Wang Ling was currently still busy and had no time for it at all.

After thinking about it, Er Ha decided to record its dream down first in its Human Observation Diary before it forgot more of it again.

After Wang Ling finished cleaning Jingke, he noticed that Er Ha had already fallen asleep at the foot of the bed. He flipped through his study materials and spent two minutes reviewing them and three minutes preparing for the next lesson before he was ready to take a break.

After the military training, life had slowed down once again, returning to the rhythm that was Wang Ling's favorite and the one he was most familiar with. But while he had always felt that the communal life didn't suit him, he now didn't think it was as terrible as he had imagined.

The pace of life had slowed down, but matters requiring attention hadn't decreased at all.

He already knew about the incident with Boss Tan; he had always felt that the identity of the Master of Immortal Mansion wasn't simple. At the very least, he was currently the most difficult person whom Wang Ling had ever had to deal with, and more troublesome than even the old devil.

General Yi had successfully captured the old devil this time purely because the old devil had yet to recover his peak strength. The other reason was that the devil emperor had in the end been straightforward in how he did things; he was far less sly than the Master of Immortal Mansion.

When that Immortal Mansion youth had appeared under the hawthorn tree and caused a ruckus, Wang Ling had left a trace of his spirit energy on the other person's Abyss Avoidance sword, but until now there hadn't been a response from it.

He had no idea if this trace had been discovered or not.

For dark forces, the worst taboo they could commit was exposing their sect's whereabouts.

One thing that Wang Ling could be sure of was that the Master of Immortal Mansion would definitely be on guard against this possibility.

Now, they could only wait for further news from Boss Tan's little brother Tan Qian.

At his desk, Wang Ling looked at Jingke, and his eyebrows couldn't help twitching.

He didn't know if the Master of Immortal Mansion's ultimate aim truly was to create a supreme godly sword...

But he could be sure of one thing.

That was...

...

It was June 21st on Tuesday in the ninth week of the semester.

Sheep was on time after school as she showed up in an alley next to Number 60 High School and leaned against the wall while she waited for Wang Ling.

Lord Thunder was initially supposed to take her to get painted today, but because he had to help rebuild the bodies of the deliverymen and so wasn't free, Wang Ling would take her instead.

Just before the end of school, Lord Thunder sent Wang Ling the address. The owner of the magic weapons shop had the surname Luo and was a smith who was excellent at his craft. He had already done maintenance on Sheep once, and everything had seemed to go very smoothly and easily, so there was no need to worry about his skill in the least.

Furthermore, Boss Luo was also part of their group of friends; it was just that he didn't usually like to chat online and also hadn't joined the chat group.

He was also the one who repaired Immortal Toya's furnaces whenever they exploded.

Wang Ling had already sensed Sheep's position as soon as he stepped out of the school gate.

When he turned into the alley, he actually found Sheep surrounded by a bunch of delinquents with dyed hair and nose rings and earrings, with some of them wearing gold chains around their necks; anyone who didn't know what was going on would probably think that they were rappers from the variety show The Rap of China.

Sheep was only one hundred and forty centimeters tall, shorter than Jingke, and her small frame was surrounded by these delinquents. She was wearing a little gray coat and her small face was so white and cute that anyone who saw it would want to bite it.

At that moment, she was leaning against the wall, her face expressionless.

"Big brother, she looks like she's still a kid..."

"Don't you know the saying, 'the body of a lolita, the heart of an imperial sister'? It's more interesting to play with a kid like this!"

A tattooed man with two gold chains around his neck panted and his eyes sized Sheep up and down excitedly. "Little friend, are you lost? Come with big brother, I'll buy you a lollipop and take you out to play!"

Looking at this scene from a distance, Wang Ling narrowed his eyes, but had no intention of intervening.

The fact was that in the face of hooligans and delinquents like these, if you gave them an inch with your reticence, they would take a mile. The tattooed man with gold chains didn't bother enticing Sheep with too many words before he started to directly make a move. Eyes fixed on her hair buns, he stretched out his hand. They were so cute that no one could resist wanting to rub them.

Unfortunately for this gold-chained delinquent, he had barely reached out before Sheep directly dodged sideways so that he wound up snatching at air.

"Wow, hey, so agile?" He hadn't anticipated the little lolita to be so fast. Also, when he had reached for her, he had seen her completely cross her eyebrows and puff up her cheeks in anger.

Tch, this was exactly the type of bad temper that he liked!

The gold-chained delinquent laughed and his expression became even more obscene. He directly stretched out his hands to grab Sheep.

But Sheep's movements were really too fast, just like the wind. She was clearly just dodging left and right, but in such a small space, it looked like an illusion.

The jaws of the stunned delinquents had all dropped — this definitely wasn't regular human speed! This lolita's movements were really too fast! They couldn't be seen with the naked eye at all!

She was clearly a cultivator!

But she was clearly just a kid...

The delinquents couldn't believe what they were seeing. Some of them thought about stopping the gold-chained person, but unfortunately he was in a rage from his failed attempts — each time, he would only just miss grabbing her!

I catch!

I catch!

I still catch!

I catch and catch...!

However, Sheep dodged every attack.

Five minutes later, the gold-chained delinquent was already too tired to go on, and he bent forward gasping for breath, hands on his knees.

Large drops of sweat rolled down his forehead to drip onto the ground. He stared at Sheep and wiped at his sweat, completely giving up. "You... you... just go... consider yourself lucky..."

Sheep raised an eyebrow and snorted. She then walked out from amidst this bunch of delinquents unscathed. Before leaving, she tilted her head and cast a sidelong glance at the gold-chained delinquent. "You couldn't last just five minutes, your stamina sucks!"

With that, she walked toward Wang Ling without a backward glance.

Standing at the mouth of the alley, Wang Ling could hear from a distance the sound of the gold-chained delinquent's heart breaking...





Chapter 250 I'm Not His Little Sister...


It was obvious that Sheep had stabbed at this gold-chained delinquent's sore spot.

He fell to his knees and swore at the heavens...

I once had a lolita, but I didn't cherish her 1 . When I lost her, it was too late for regrets. There is no worst pain in the world than this. If God could give me another chance, he would say: Never... ever... play around with a lolita!

1('I once had a xx, but I didn't cherish xx' is a colloquial online phrase used to express extreme remorse.) ...

The reason why Sheep had chosen to meet Wang Ling in the alley was because Wang Ling liked to keep a low profile.

However, when he brought her out, they still attracted a lot of attention. Her pink hair buns and her little gray jacket contrasted sharply and were really too eye-catching.

She followed behind Wang Ling obediently at a distance of around one zhang 2 .

2(A reminder that this is around 3.3 meters.) Wang Ling could feel the gazes fixed on him as he took Sheep out like this, so he couldn't teleport without someone noticing.

Furthermore, he was still wearing his school uniform. If someone noticed him teleporting, he would hit the headlines tomorrow: "Some high school student from Number 60 High School is actually capable of teleportation? Is this warped humanity or moral decay..."

In the end, he decided to take the subway to bring Sheep to Boss Luo's shop.

They crossed a long pedestrian bridge. On the other side was the station closest to Number 60 High School, Qingyun Road Subway Line One. Wang Ling estimated that there were eight stops from here to Wuliang Road.

Since the founding of Huaxiu nation, the criss-crossed subway lines had formed a dense and complicated web which penetrated the entire underground space. Although a lot of cultivators still chose to fly on their swords to get to their destinations, they needed to pay tolls, and now and then they would be stopped for ID checks.

In contrast, the only checks at the subway were the security ones at the station entrances. Although the subway was slower than a flying sword, it was less troublesome as there were fewer processes to go through.

The subway cars nowadays had all been expanded with the Space Expansion Skill, so everyone had a place to sit and it never became crowded.

Wang Ling entered the subway station and saw a lot of different types of people, from ordinary office workers carrying briefcases to cultivators in strange attire who were giving off spirit energy.

Using your spiritual senses was always the most direct and reliable way to determine if a person was a cultivator, otherwise you would never know if the man dressed in traditional costume in front of you was a cultivator or a cosplayer.

An ordinary person wouldn't be able to see with the naked eye any magic treasures a cultivator might be carrying on them, but just because they weren't visible didn't mean there wasn't any danger. Therefore, any spirit swords and magic treasures which cultivators might have on them when they entered the subway station had to be put away in a storage bag, and cultivators were forbidden from taking them out and using them the entire time they were on the subway.

The subway also had a spatial magic treasure which tracked surveillance signals. Once it detected a fluctuation, a group of subway attendants would appear before you like the Red Guards 3 ...

3(The Red Guards was the student paramilitary social movement during the Cultural Revolution ..) Wang Ling took Sheep through security smoothly. When he turned his head, he was surprised to notice an acquaintance — Immortal Toya's disciple Li Miaozhen, or Director Li, whom Wang Ling had met at Second Hospital back then.

Director Li had been stopped by two subway security guards and he looked a little embarrassed.

Looking at him from a distance, Wang Ling was surprised to realize that Director Li's destination was actually Boss Luo's place. He was going to pick up an immortal sword today which he had left with Boss Luo for maintenance. His initial plan had been to take the subway to go and get the sword, then fly on it to send a patient's urine sample to a branch hospital. In the end, he hadn't expected to be stopped for a security check.

A security officer pointed at the glass bottle that Director Li was carrying. "Sir, what is this yellow substance?"

As a hospital director, Director Li was obligated to protect the patient's privacy, so he declined to answer with dignity. "I'm very sorry, I can't tell you..."

"Is it toxic or harmful?" The security officers scowled and stared at Director Li with wary expressions.

Director Li: "Of course not..."

Security officer: "If not, then please drink a mouthful."

Director Li: "..."

...

In the end, Wang Ling chose to not muddy the waters. Songhai city's subway security had always been very strict; now that Director Li had been detained, it would probably be a while before they let him go.

Worst of all, Director Li had come out this time in plain clothes; he wasn't wearing his white coat and didn't even have his work ID. Coupled with the bottle of yellow unknown liquid that he was carrying, it would be strange if he didn't look suspicious.

The end of school coincided with the evening rush hour, and the station today was still as crowded as ever. Even though there was no need to worry that there wouldn't be any empty seats on the subway, the station platform was still a little crowded.

Sheep had obediently followed behind Wang Ling, but their extremely crowded surroundings made her a little uncomfortable, so she moved forward and grasped one of Wang Ling's fingers with her small hand.

Wang Ling was taken aback, but when he saw the dense flow of passengers around them, he let Sheep hold on to him.

Sheep blinked as she looked around curiously.

Drawing her in by the hand, Wang Ling stood on the platform and waited for the subway train. He could feel a lot of eyes around them fixed in their direction; it was very clear that they weren't looking at him, but at Sheep!

A cute girl who looked like a porcelain doll — whoever saw her couldn't help taking a second look.

Behind Wang Ling stood an old auntie who stared at Sheep for a very long time, and in the end couldn't help saying to Wang Ling, "Young man, are you taking your sister out to play?"

"..."

Wang Ling was silent for a bit before he nodded.

The auntie bent down to stare at Sheep. The more she looked, the more she liked her. She itched to squeeze Sheep's face, but was a little embarrassed to do so. "Dear me, your little sister is so cute! Is she your real sister?"

"..." Wang Ling could only continue nodding.

He didn't really want to talk with the auntie in front of him, but unfortunately, she had completely lost her mind the moment she had seen Sheep.

Children always held a special place in the hearts of old people.

"Your little sister is so cute and you are so handsome; your mother must be a great beauty!" As she chattered on, the auntie took advantage of the opportunity to rub Sheep's head; unexpectedly, Sheep didn't resist.

In fact, she was thinking.

She felt that since she had been personally enlightened by Little Master Ling, their connection was deeper than just brother and sister!

Hence, all of a sudden, she looked up at the auntie in front of her with a solemn face. "Auntie, in fact... I'm not his little sister!"

Both Wang Ling and the auntie looked at Sheep in suspense.

Sheep pointed at Wang Ling. "He's my dad!"

Wang Ling: "..."

The auntie: "..."

Amidst the whistle and rumble of the oncoming train, the two of them were instantly overwhelmed.





Chapter 251 Luo Chuang Metalware


As soon as the train doors opened, Wang Ling immediately gripped Sheep's hand and hurried into a subway car. The auntie on the platform was rooted to the spot with shock at Sheep's words, and actually forgot to get on the train! When she came back to her senses, the announcement for the doors closing had sounded and the train had already sped away...

Inside the subway, Wang Ling looked a little helpless as he held Sheep's hand — her understanding in fact wasn't wrong, but sometimes calling someone "dad" so suddenly could really scare a person into pissing their pants!

He didn't understand how a pure and white virgin male like him could suddenly become a father.

This situation actually couldn't be blamed on Sheep, as no one in the Wang family's small villa had ever explained this to her. Because she was young, Pen and Rubber had banded together with all the goblins in the villa to set the rule forbidding anyone to tell dirty jokes in front of her. After a while, this bunch of crass-talking goblins started speaking to her less.

Wang Ling felt that he had to find time in the future to properly explain to Sheep some necessary things, in order to avoid causing unnecessary trouble.

...

The address for Boss Luo's shop was Number 300 Amitayus Road in Songhai city's old district.

This was an old street with a long history.

Wang Ling had once heard that the reason why the street was called Amitayus Road was that the Immortal Emperor Amitayus had once had a residence here, and it was said that the entire place had been built out of the legendary Amitayus godly wood.

In ancient times, the Amitayus tree had been a godly tree that could grow without end up into the sky. It was very unfortunate, however, that the last historical record of it showed that it had been destroyed in a civil war among several Almightys.

Wang Ling had seen the old, faded picture of that old residence which was still floating around on the Internet, but it was so weathered that he couldn't determine the truth of this old residence just from a single image.

The only thing he could be sure of was that this old residence was definitely no longer on Amitayus Road.

Because back when Huaxiu nation had just been founded, every city block had undergone planned renovations, and the old residence left behind by Immortal Emperor Amitayus was rumored to have "died" in the hands of a demolition team...

Following the address, Wang Ling arrived at the entrance to a shop called "Luo Chuang Metalware."

The architecture along Amitayus Road was pretty much all in the same ancient style, and nothing stood out. You could only find the place you wanted by following the door numbers.

After the demolition team had inadvertently pulled down Immortal Emperor Amitayus's old residence, the government had followed up with renovation works, directly changing Amitayus Road into a city block and erecting a statue of Immortal Emperor Amitayus at the beginning of the street with his profile written beneath it.

Then, this whole street inexplicably became Immortal Emperor Amitayus's former residence.

Wang Ling seriously suspected that even the person who had written the profile didn't really know who Immortal Emperor Amitayus was...

...

When Wang Ling brought Sheep over to the shop's entrance, he saw that the doorstep was unusually high at over half a meter tall.

He picked Sheep up and stepped across the threshold. As soon as he entered, he saw a fat man leaning back in a bamboo chair. He had a big head and was wearing a white undershirt and a large pair of underpants, and was fanning himself with a palm-leaf fan as he puffed on a pipe.

"Be careful when you enter; the shop's doorstep might be made of wood, but it's priceless. Do you know Amitayus wood? This is the last one of its kind in the world." Luo Chuang sensed that someone had entered the shop, and he waved the fan without bothering to take a look as he spoke.

It was only when there was no response from his visitor for a long time that he slit his eyes open to take a look, upon which he immediately got up from his chair. "So it's Ling Zhenren, sorry, sorry..."

Luo Chuang had never seen Wang Ling before, but he had seen Sheep. He knew that the legendary Ling Zhenren would be bringing Sheep over for maintenance today, so he could deduce this teenager's identity from Sheep's presence.

Because of the way Lord Thunder wildly lauded Wang Ling, the people in the chat group all had the utmost respect for the latter. Though Luo Chuang wasn't in the group, he was still a member of the organization. When people from the chat group came to his shop to get their magic weapons serviced, a fair number of them would mention Ling Zhenren's glorious deeds.

Luckily, Wang Ling wasn't in the habit of casually bragging about his friends to other people, otherwise this would have been the legendary "professional tooting of mutual horns 1 ."

1(This refers to the way some celebrities praise each other for the products they endorse or the films they star in as leads ..) Today was the first time that Luo Chuang was meeting Wang Ling.

Given the way he was dressed, this fatty looked a little sloppy, but Wang Ling's first impression wasn't one of disgust; conversely, he thought that the other man seemed very amiable.

Luo Chuang rummaged around in his large underpants for quite a while before finally checking another pair of underpants hanging over the back of the bamboo chair and pulling out a slightly yellow business card which he gave to Wang Ling. "Ling Zhenren, this is my business card. If you need me for anything, call me in advance."

Wang Ling read the profile on the card: Luo Chuang Metalware Store Manager, Luo Chuang.

Putting the business card away, he began to look around the shop carefully. It actually wasn't very large; there was a wooden counter at the door and next to it was the deck chair which Luo Chuang used whenever he took a break. On both sides of the counter were two large wooden cabinets that looked very heavy.

Each cabinet had hundreds of drawers densely packed together. At first glance, it looked a little like the cabinets used in the old Chinese medicine shops which specialized in the traditional treatment of psoriasis.

"The shop's a little messy, don't mind it, Ling Zhenren."

When Luo Chuang saw Wang Ling's expression, he laughed. "This left cabinet contains the magic weapons that have already been serviced and which are ready for customer pick-up. The right cabinet contains those that are still being serviced or repaired. There are queue numbers on the cabinet, and I fix a few each day according to the numbers."

Hearing this, Wang Ling's eyebrows twitched despite himself. He hadn't expected Luo Chuang, despite his stout build, to be someone who was good at planning.

"I've known Thunder for a long time, and we're all like real brothers. Before Ling Zhenren came, he called me especially so that you wouldn't need to wait in the queue." Luo Chuang waved the palm-leaf fan and smiled. His eyes were very small and only as big as mung beans. When he smiled, they became slits and his pupils couldn't be seen.

"Will it take long?" Instead of speaking, Wang Ling asked his question telepathically.

"Not long, not long. Ling Zhenren, sit here for a while. I'll take Sheep inside for repairs, it'll be quick." Luo Chuang looked at his watch, then called for Sheep to move further into the shop. On the way, he suddenly pulled open a drawer at the counter. "There're some small snacks in here which I've prepared. Ling Zhenren, feel free to help yourself to them."

Small snacks?

Wang Ling walked closer to take a look.

Good fellow... this entire drawer contained crispy noodle snacks in all sorts of flavors!

This fatty was very sensible!





Chapter 252 Perpetual! Motion! Machine?!


Shabby appearance, soft heart, and keen observation skills in addition to being enthusiastic and sensible — this was Wang Ling's first impression of Luo Chuang.

To be honest, he had been amazed when he saw the drawer of crispy noodle snacks. He realized that although Luo Chuang hadn't joined the chat group, he had just as much access to information as the rest, since he was even aware of what Wang Ling's favorite food was. Most crucially, Luo Chuang's strength was very formidable.

Wang Ling had noticed this as soon as he had entered the shop.

Although Luo Chuang's aura was very well hidden, it still couldn't escape Wang Ling's perception.

If a true expert wanted to know how high the other party's realm was, they wouldn't judge it based on the other party's aura when it was released. Instead, it was often through what an expert could capture with their senses when the other party hid their aura, combined with formulaic calculations, that the former would be able to accurately determine the true strength of the latter's realm.

And it was very obvious that Luo Chuang was a hidden expert.

If Dharmaraja sans the godly thunder inheritance was used as a gauge, Luo Chuang's prowess was almost equal to one and a half Dharmarajas.

...

Wang Ling didn't have to wait long before he saw Luo Chuang lead Sheep out from the shop's interior. After a series of service works and repairs, Sheep was glowing; her pink hair was brighter than before, the two small buns on her head were as soft and cute as pudding, and her already fair face now reflected light.

"This time, I gave her a more durable coat of paint and spirit wax. Sheep is too fast, so the materials used for her maintenance previously couldn't endure perpetual absolute speeds at all. I believe that the maintenance this time should last longer," said Luo Chuang.

Wang Ling nodded and thanked him.

"Brother Thunder has a card with my store, and he called to tell me that he would pay for this maintenance. We're brothers, and it's also my first time meeting Ling Zhenren, so it's free this time. My paint and wax jobs aren't cheap, but I can cover them for my own brothers."

Luo Chuang waved his palm-leaf fan and smiled. "This time, it wasn't easy for Ling Zhenren to come here, so I have a request if you don't mind."

Tell me about it.

Wang Ling raised his eyebrows and directly communicated through telepathy.

His expression was very relaxed because he had known from the beginning that things weren't so simple.

This fatty might look harmless, but his mind was rather sharp.

It would be a scary thing indeed to make an enemy out of such a person.

Luo Chuang laughed and the plump flesh on his face wrinkled like a meat bun. "This metalware shop was handed down from my ancestors. In addition to running it, and doing some repair works and maintenance on magic weapons, Ling Zhenren has probably heard of my other identity as a smith."

Wang Ling nodded. Of course he knew Luo Chuang's identity as a smith. Even if Thunder hadn't told him previously, there were tell-tale signs.

A smith's physique was usually very strong after years of refining and smelting weapons. Luo Chuang's face was meaty, but there were in fact solid lumps of muscles under his white shirt.

"I've been a smith for hundreds of years in the ultimate pursuit of refining and manufacturing weapons. Therefore, my greatest wish is to someday create my own magic weapons as heirlooms." Luo Chuang cupped his fists in salute to Wang Ling. "I've long heard that Ling Zhenren has a sword and I'm very curious about it. I wonder if you would allow me to take a look at it?"

Oh... it turned out that he wanted to take a look at Jingke.

Spirit light flashed directly in Wang Ling's hand, then Luo Chuang saw a peach wood sword a meter or two in length emerge steadily from Wang Ling's palm.

Actually, allowing another person to take a look at your personal spirit sword was quite personal. Luo Chuang had thought that Wang Ling would refuse since this was only the first time that they were meeting, after all, so Wang Ling's attitude was quite a surprise.

Then, Luo Chuang stared at Jingke and was dumbfounded.

It felt like he couldn't take his eyes off it.

Although this was only a peach wood sword, its grain was utterly exquisite.

Luo Chuang couldn't help stretching out one hand, but before he could touch Jingke, he could already feel the invisible sword qi that encircled the body of the wooden sword.

"Self-protecting sword qi?" Luo Chuang paled with shock. He had come into contact with countless spirit swords, but had never encountered one that could generate perpetual protective sword qi without being activated by its master's spirit energy.

Was this the legendary... Perpetual! Motion! Machine?!

Luo Chuang's hand was frozen in mid-air, but the flesh on his face was trembling at that moment and he felt an unprecedented thrill in his heart.

"Ling Zhenren, can you place the sword on the sword tray at the counter?" Luo Chuang was unbearably excited as he wiped at his tears and made his request.

Wang Ling nodded and put Jingke on the tray.

Luo Chuang didn't dare directly touch Jingke's self-protecting sword qi. After Wang Ling put Jingke on the sword tray, Luo Chuang put down his palm-leaf fan. He put on a pair of white gloves, then lit an incense burner on the side.

"The incense in this burner has the effect of soothing the sword spirit. A friend of mine gave it to me, his surname is Gu. His family has been manufacturing incense for generations. If there's an opportunity next time, I'll introduce him to Ling Zhenren... Anyway, thank you very much for giving me this opportunity, Ling Zhenren." Luo Chuang put the lid on the burner and looked gratefully at Wang Ling.

Then, he stood before Jingke with full reverence and bowed to the sword. "Please pardon my offense, Lord Jingke."

Wang Ling saw Luo Chuang gulp and slowly stretch out his hands to touch Jingke.

It had already been a very long time since Luo Chuang had felt like this. He had seen countless spirit swords and magic weapons in this world, but in all these hundreds of years, this was the first time that he had seen a spirit sword that could take his breath away at first glance.

"Good sword!" Luo Chuang was full of praise as he held Jingke in his hands. He tried hard to control his excitement and stop his hands from shaking too much.

With a miniature magnifying glass in hand, he examined the sword from tip to hilt for a long time, as if he was scrutinizing a work of beauty. He looked at it for five minutes before he placed Jingke back in the sword tray, and he heaved a deep sigh. "As the rumors say, Lord Jingke's body is perfect and flawless. There are almost no defects; if you had to name one, it's just a small thing..."

Luo Chuang's words made Wang Ling raise his head curiously despite himself.

"If I may be so bold as to ask, Ling Zhenren, does Lord Jingke have a scabbard?"

Luo Chuang removed his white gloves and picked up his palm-leaf fan out of habit, waving it slowly. "A sword's excellence doesn't just have to do with its body; its scabbard is also a very critical component.

"If the sword body is the soul, then the scabbard is the flesh. Lord Jingke's body has a permanent protective layer of sword qi around it, but without the protection of a scabbard, drawbacks are bound to crop up in the future."

Scabbard...

When Luo Chuang said this, something had already occurred to Wang Ling.

In fact, when Father Wang had bought Jingke, there had been a scabbard.

But at that time, Wang Ling's hand had gotten itchy, and had directly crushed it.

So that time, only Jingke's body had "survived"...





Chapter 253 Luo Chuang's Collection


Hence, it wasn't that Jingke didn't have a scabbard, but that Wang Ling had destroyed it as a child. Jingke's body was covered with a layer of some mysterious substance that Wang Ling to this day had been unable to see through, and which played an important role in controlling his strength.

But this substance was different from the special material in the Dao talisman seal from Wang Ming; it wasn't something that seemed to drain Wang Ling's strength when he touched it. This peach wood sword was just a street stall product which Father Wang had picked up at the bird and flower market. Until now, Wang Ling hadn't been able to clearly determine its origin.

When it spawned a sword spirit for real, which was when Jingke was born, it had actually happened six years ago when the Gate Between Worlds had just descended.

There had been a time when Wang Ling had even wondered if Jingke was related to the Gate Between Worlds.

But later it seemed to have just been a coincidence.

That was because Jingke's sword qi was too righteous; it didn't contain even the slightest whiff of evil qi. Hanging the sword by the bed could ward off evil, and when Wang Ling wielded it, it could kill demons and monsters. Its three views were so upright that Wang Ling wondered if Jingke had absorbed the essence of socialist core values before birth.

Looking back, this was the first time that Wang Ling had thought about the scabbard.

Because he had crushed Jingke's scabbard when he had still been very young, he hadn't paid any attention to it all; even when he regularly cleaned Jingke's sword body, he had never considered this issue.

Hence, when he heard Luo Chuang's words, he stared at Jingke on the sword tray in deep contemplation.

As Luo Chuang had explained, it went without saying how helpful a scabbard would be for a sword. Not every sword could automatically generate protective sword qi like Jingke. In the absence of a scabbard, many spirit swords would be faced with the problem of corrosion.

Although Jingke had protective sword qi, that didn't mean that the scabbard wasn't important. Seventy percent of a spirit sword's overall power was contained in its body, and thirty percent in its scabbard. A sword's full power couldn't be realized until the two parts were combined.

"Lord Jingke's original body is already very powerful; if you can find a suitable scabbard for him, he will become a truly godly and powerful sword." Luo Chuang looked at Jingke and sighed with some regret.

Waving his palm-leaf fan, he looked at Wang Ling as if he wanted to say something, but after opening his mouth, he didn't say anything in the end.

He looked at the time and realized that it was still quite early. Wang Ling had brought Sheep over right after school. From when they had first set out to the completion of Sheep's maintenance, everything had taken less than an hour in total.

After maintenance, Sheep was in significantly better spirits than usual, and she blinked curiously at the inside of Luo Chuang's shop.

In addition to the magic treasures that were stored in the cabinets on the left and right, Luo Chuang also had a collection of some magic treasures which were prominently displayed on the wall. Each magic treasure was covered in a protective spirit layer.

"I have to confess, Ling Zhenren, that these magic treasures are the pride of my collection," Luo Chuang said and laughed. "I had official department experts appraise each of them, and they're all one hundred percent genuine. Furthermore, they have already been given valuations, so if any kind of loss happens, I can get ninety-five percent compensation for it."

As Sheep looked around, her eyes landed on something that looked like leather armor.

It was flesh-colored leather armor covered with hair. There was also a helmet with two huge tusks mounted on each side.

"What is this?" asked Sheep as she pointed with her little finger.

"Have you ever heard of the sky demon pig?" asked Luo Chuang.

Sheep blinked and shook her head.

This was actually the sky demon pig?

Wang Ling's eyes lit up because he had read about it before in historical records.

The sky demon pig had been the first demon king to come out of the Gate Between Worlds when it had descended for the first time. When the sky demon pig had landed at the time, it had triggered an apocalyptic-like flood beyond compare. The worst thing, however, was that nothing could surpass this sky demon pig's super armor state 1 . Its defensive power was at its highest in this state, on par with the terrifying hardness of a demon god.

1(In the game 'Dungeon Fighter Online,' players in the super armor state have increased physical defense and vitality.) In that battle, if General Yi hadn't seized the slight moment when the sky demon pig's super state had faltered a little to kill it in one timely strike and prevent further damage, the consequences would have been inconceivable.

"This pig skin and tusks cost me a fortune. After many setbacks, I was finally able to get my hands on this pig skin. Initially, I had wanted to make a full set of magic robes out of it, but unfortunately, there wasn't enough of the skin for it, so I only made this leather armor. Once you put it on and activate your spirit energy, you'll experience the effects of a super state for a short period of time.

"There's currently a lot of sky demon pigskin armor on the market that claim to be the real deal, but they're all actually fake. Only mine is the real thing!"

Luo Chuang waved his palm-leaf fan and looked at the pigskin armor which he had made, full of pride. "I was once invited to an auction where I discovered that someone was actually selling sky demon pigskin armor, which pissed me off... did they think their Gracia Family's Symbol Set 2 was a world first?"

2(This is adapted from the 'Dungeon Fighter Online' game, and is a colloquial phrase to refer to in-game items that are very easy to obtain and have high specs.) Wang Ling: "..."

...

Everyone had their pride as well as things that they were proud of.

To take Luo Chuang as an example, he wasn't a person who cared about appearance. He used to be handsome too — was there anyone who had never gone through a beauty phase before? But he had figured out hundreds of years ago... looks weren't of any damn use! To him, the ultimate supremacy was becoming an outstanding smith, and the thing he was most proud of was the collection of various magic treasures which he had accumulated over the centuries!

In addition to the leather armor made from the sky demon pig, the shop actually held a lot of collector items which Luo Chuang cherished.

Wang Ling was surprised to find that most of these had to do with defense.

"I went all over the world in the last few centuries to collect the hardest armor I could find," Luo Chuang said and grinned. "Of course, my biggest wish is to create a supreme godly sword that can easily destroy all this armor."

When he said this, he abruptly turned to look at the shop's main door. Wang Ling and Sheep followed his gaze and straightaway saw a shield hanging behind the door.

It was dark blue and covered in layers of plating, like fish scales arranged in sequence. At first glance, it didn't look like anything out of the ordinary, but it emitted a faint sense of the deep sea. After carefully feeling it out, a person could actually get the impression that they were drowning.

What was this?

Wang Ling narrowed his eyes, feeling that this thing wasn't simple.

"This is a shield made from the scales of the western deep-sea water spirit Huogedun. Its skin is quite thick, and its defensive abilities are reinforced in areas that have water, such as on rainy days, in lakes, in the sea..."

"It's also called the Huo Shield 3 for short," said Luo Chuang.

3(The phrase in pinyin, 'huo dun,' is how fans refer to the Iron Man/Captain America pairing in fanworks ..) Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 254 You're Not Acting It Right!


It was June 22nd on Wednesday in the ninth week of the semester.

This would be a day that would go down in history.

Because this was the day of the old devil's trial.

The old devil had been captured at the military base on the outskirts of Songhai city, and the Master of Shadow Stream, Jiang Liuyue, who had been trapped in the stone ghost mask at that time, had also been arrested.

The plan to capture the old devil had been discussed beforehand, so the old devil had been straightaway sent to Songhai First Prison where he would be directly put on trial.

The truth was that since the day of the old devil's arrest, online news had exploded and netizens flooded public forums. There were tens of thousands, even hundreds of thousands, of comments on any news that had to do with him. Looking at this, one could see the impact which the old devil had on society — this was the person who had struck terror in the heart of the entire Huaxiu nation, who had led the biggest dark force faction back then under the title "Devil Emperor Gua Pi".

Wang Ling had always felt that if there had been an award for the biggest force of darkness, it would definitely have gone to the old devil's Gua Pi Army.

...

At six o'clock that morning, in an interrogation room at Songhai First Prison, the old devil, still in Jiang Liuyue's body, sat obediently in a wooden chair. He was still wearing the Spirit Shackles, and was facing Warden Liang, General Yi, Secretary Dakang and senior prison directors.

Fully eight people stood in a row before him, with a video camera recording live on the side.

In order to showcase the importance which the government placed on this matter as well as in response to some online rumors and news, General Yi this time had adopted an open and transparent attitude towards this trial, which would be broadcast live.

"Are you ready?" General Yi tilted his head and asked a staff member on the side.

"We're ready, General Yi. Once the presenter on the outside cuts to the live broadcast, the light on the video camera will turn green and we can start right away."

The staff member bent over, pointed to the camera in front of him, and said softly, "Earlier, the presenter did an opening ahead of the live broadcast, and currently we top TV ratings. We already hit twenty million online views less than five minutes into the opening... If this trend continues, once the trial starts, we'll probably break a hundred million views."

Hearing this, General Yi's eyes abruptly darkened. He hadn't expected that the devil could still have so much influence after so many years.

"What is General Yi thinking?" The staff member asked when he saw General Yi's deep gaze.

"Nothing..." General Yi pressed his fingers to his head. "It's just that the higher-ups told me that audience ratings for this live broadcast of the trial shouldn't exceed those for the New Year Gala, so the situation is a little awkward now."

Staff member: "...So, shall we begin?"

General Yi looked at the old devil and took a deep breath. "Let's rehearse it first."

Staff member: "..."

...

Five minutes later, as soon as the staff member said "Begin," the old devil, who was facing the camera, straightaway lowered his head cooperatively and began to confess.

"My venerable self was wrong, really wrong. I shouldn't have invaded the National Palace just because I had personal problems. Destroying the people's property and threatening their safety have a very negative impact on society..."

General Yi: "Then what about the deliverymen from before?"

The old devil: "My venerable self is very sorry about the Riceball Takeout incident... but I preserved all the souls of those deliverymen. Previously, the news said something about the souls of those deliverymen scattering after they accidentally wandered into the sunlight. Actually, I preserved all their souls in the Purple Gold Gourd's small world."

General Yi nodded and swept his gaze over the matters listed on paper before asking, "Can you tell everyone in simple terms how you were arrested?"

"Before the battle, I intended to infiltrate the small world and absorb the vitality of this bunch of kids in order to activate the Body-Turning Array and be resurrected. But most unfortunately, my plan failed. After that, I was trapped by the Five Elements Great Array and had no way to escape."

The old devil raised his head and stared at the camera. "In the end, I lost to General Yi's Palm Sword."

General Yi held out four fingers. "Do you know... the things you have done can only be described in four words!"

Everyone: "To raise everyone's hackles!"

General Yi: "Another four!"

Everyone: "Completely insane and ridiculous!"

The old devil: "..."

"Now that we've bore witness to your testimony, according to protocol, you will be sent to the Supreme Cultivation Court. Is there anything else you would like to say?"

Right after General Yi said this, the staff member on the side at that moment suddenly yelled, "Cut!"

General Yi frowned. "What's wrong? Is there a problem?"

A female director came up to General Yi with a slightly awkward expression and said in his ear, "There's nothing wrong with the basic process, but the expression of emotions isn't quite right."

After saying this, she looked at the old devil and said, "From the sentence 'My venerable self was wrong'... Mr Devil Emperor should look a little more downcast; the best would be if you can express the kind of grief and loss you get from a family being torn apart and ruined."

The old devil: "..."

The female director: "Putting aside how challenging it might sound, if Mr Devil Emperor can squeeze out a few tears, that would be great."

The old devil: "..."

The female director looked down at the script in her hands. "And on another point, about General Yi using his Palm Sword: can Mr Devil Emperor describe it in detail? We've written the script; later Mr Devil Emperor can take a good look and spend two or three minutes memorizing it. When you talk about it later, you should show your fear of the Palm Sword."

The old devil: "..."

General Yi: "..."

After hearing the female director's words, even Secretary Dakang was stupefied. "...Is this necessary?"

"During the rehearsal with General Yi, the higher-ups were also watching, and they agreed that this part needs to be emphasized. On one hand, it will reflect General Yi's prowess, and on the other, it can also raise spirits in society and set a widespread example for current cultivation students," answered the female director.

General Yi: "..."

"There is also another thing that General Yi and Secretary Dakang both need to decide on," the female director continued.

"What is it?"

"During the earlier opening by our presenter outside, the CEO of Cultivation Hardware and Concealed Weapons Technology, Evil Monarch Jun Xie, as well as Chief Ai of Five Elements Sect and Chief Xu of Exploding Sky Sect sent congratulatory bullet messages..."

Secretary Dakang raised his eyebrows. "Isn't that a good thing? They're famous in the cultivation world, and can have a significant impact in spreading optimism in society!"

"The problem is that after these congratulatory bullet messages, Chief Xu of Exploding Sky Sect sent three thousand yachts as a gift, then Chief Ai of Five Elements Sect refused to be outdone and sent three thousand and one yachts. Later, Lord Jun Xie also followed suit... In just three minutes, we already have more than ten thousand yachts. The presenter outside wants to ask whether we should express our thanks?" said the female director.

General Yi and Secretary Dakang: "..."





Chapter 255 Your Son Has Been Enlightened!


According to media expert analysis, the live broadcast of the trial was the first grand undertaking in recent years which would likely set a precedent in Huaxiu nation.

Apart from making citizens aware of the basic laws of the nation, the live broadcast of the trial would also greatly intimidate the criminals that lurked in the dark and suppress the arrogance of evil forces.

Wang Ling was still chewing on his bread that morning as he watched the number of live online viewers climb visibly and rapidly — in less than ten minutes after the start of the live broadcast, the number broke one hundred million people.

Then...

Wang Ling saw the server crash, and when he tried to open the live broadcast again, a huge "404" jumped out at him.

Wang Ling: "..."

The old man didn't know how to watch the broadcast on his mobile phone. When he came over and noticed that Wang Ling's webpage had changed to 404, he directly sighed. "I've always said, advanced technology can sometimes be unreliable... I might as well just watch it live on TV."

Saying this, the old man stretched out his hand to deftly turn on the TV. The live television broadcast was relatively stable, but it didn't have the bullet messages scrolling across the screen or the shock of a bunch of big shots mutually flaunting their wealth through gifts.

Actually, there were three main types of people who were interested in the live broadcast of the old devil's trial.

The first were mostly the middle-aged and elderly, who were sincerely concerned about how the situation would develop, and so were paying close attention to the final verdict for the old devil.

The second type were the young people, most of whom were worried about how this incident would impact society and affect their future job prospects. According to the media, some young entrepreneurs had even already registered "old devil" and "Devil Emperor Gua Pi" as trademarks, just like with the "blue skinny mushroom 1 ."

1(This started as an Internet meme after a young man lamented online after a failed date that he "felt bad, wanted to cry," but the pronunciation is very similar to 'blue skinny mushroom.') The third type of people were teenagers. This group was often simpler in their thinking, and most of them just liked watching webcasts. Moreover, they weren't concerned about the event itself — they just liked to read the bullet messages, send their own, and hang around the big names in the cultivation world who were willy-nilly offering the studio gifts...

However, Wang Ling felt that he didn't belong to any of these three types, and instead felt that he was more of a "melon citizen," also known as the so-called melon-eating masses 2 .

2(A reminder that this refers to bystanders.) The old man crossed his legs as he watched TV; at the moment, the old devil was confessing his crimes on the live broadcast.

He saw the old devil sitting in a chair and confessing his crimes with a mournful face.

The old man watched the broadcast for a long time before his expression turned a little complicated and he looked at Wang Ling. "Ling, do you know anything about this?"

Wang Ling lowered his head and didn't reply. He had been at the scene when the old devil had been arrested, but he had promised Immortal Toya and General Yi that he wouldn't disclose anything about what had happened.

The old man stared at the TV for a while longer. When he saw the old devil start to shed tears on the broadcast, he simply turned off the TV.

"He doesn't know how to act with these tears." The old man tsked. As a chef, he had encountered countless diners and had seen all kinds of expressions... he could see through the old devil's expression with one glance.

"What was that saying again..."

The old man stroked his chin as he pondered, and finally thought of a comment that was perfectly suited to the old devil's current state: "Tears on the face, MMP 3 in the heart."

3(A reminder that this is slang for "fuck you.") Wang Ling: "..."

...

Later, when Wang Ling went to school, the topic of discussion early in the morning was, as expected, all about the live broadcast of the trial.

In fact, when the old devil had been arrested, the students of all the six schools who had been in the middle of their military training at the time had all witnessed it, but apart from Wang Ling, who had been the closest to the scene, none of them had clearly seen what on earth had happened.

For most of the students at that time, they had only seen that huge and magnificent Five Elements Great Array. Its light had been so dazzling, just like the Five Spirit Balls used to seal Demon Prison Tower 4 , that they had been unable to keep their eyes open. By the time they could respond, the old devil had already been captured.

4(This is from the videogame "The Legend of Sword and Fairy .. ") Even while he was being arrested, the secret operation at the scene had proceeded surprisingly smoothly, and a lot of curious students who had wanted to go take a look at the true appearance of this legendary devil emperor had been stopped by the instructors.

All in all, many things had happened during the survival contest that the students were sorry to have missed out on.

Hence, during the morning study period, there were some who were feeling regret after watching the old devil's trial and recalling the specific details of that day. "I wonder if there were any witnesses closer to the scene where the old devil was caught. I completely never expected that the Five Elements Great Array back then had been set up with the goal of capturing him..."

"It was a secret mission, of course it had been impossible for us to know about it." Chen Chao also sighed. "Now that I think carefully about it, the reason why we weren't allowed to take our cellphones with us during the military training was most likely to prevent us from taking spontaneous photos."

After that, he said mysteriously, "Actually, did you notice, a lot of strange things happened during the military training this time..."

Someone asked, "Like what?"

"During the military training, Guo Hao and I along with Classmate Wang Ling were in a group together, but at the beginning of the survival contest, Guo Hao got an upset stomach, and so was separated from us during the initial transmission stage. After that, I was able to meet up with Classmate Wang Ling in the desert of the small world."

"...And then?"

"That's the strange thing!"

Chen Chao frowned. "It seemed I suddenly passed out in the middle of it. When I woke up, Er Ha was there, but Classmate Wang Ling had suddenly disappeared! I seriously wondered that time whether I'd been kidnapped by unknown creatures in the small world!"

Everyone: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

The reason that Chen Chao felt that there had been something baffling about the events of the survival contest was actually Wang Ling's fault. That was because after the competition, in accordance with Wang Ming's request, Wang Ling had erased all of Chen Chao's memories that had had to do with Wang Ming. Hence, Chen Chao felt that there was something strange about his memory of the survival contest.

Of course, this wasn't the most alarming thing — Wang Ling had noticed an error after erasing Chen Chao's memories. Although he had deleted the parts related to Wang Ming, Wang Ling realized that he hadn't properly erased some details.

He had forgotten to erase the Non-Showy Wave which Wang Ming had taught Chen Chao and Guo Hao back then.

Of course, neither Chen Chao nor Guo Hao had said anything about it.

At that moment, they both had very crafty expressions on their faces.

After all, this feeling of a protagonist suddenly being enlightened over a certain skill wasn't something that ordinary people could understand at all.

— Mom, your son has finally been enlightened!

So at that very moment, Chen Chao's feelings were complicated; he felt excited as well as unspeakably moved in his heart as he looked at his hands in disbelief.

Wang Ling saw those hands tremble slightly...

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 256 Lord Jingke Is Really Too Cool!


Hundreds of millions of people in Huaxiu nation were paying close attention to the live broadcast of the old devil's trial. Luo Chuang was one of them. His metalware store was from that old generation; even its cabinets were made of wood.

He wasn't in the habit of reading the news, nor did he binge watch TV. He got all his news from the mouths of customers as well as brothers and sisters who came to him to get their magic weapons serviced.

That morning, Luo Chuang was unprecedentedly interested in the old devil's trial. He didn't have a TV in his shop, and could only use a mirror-like magic treasure to simulate TV reception.

So when someone entered the shop that morning, they saw a fatty with hair combed into a poop style 1 and wearing a white undershirt looking into a mirror. But this fatty wasn't admiring himself — he was sincerely concerned about state affairs.

1(Everyone probably knows the poop emoji that is shaped like a soft-serve ice cream ..) "Yo, morning."

At that moment, a man in white suddenly stepped across the threshold and greeted him.

Luo Chuang looked up, and when he saw the visitor, he was a little surprised. "Why are you here so early?"

"I still have something to do in the afternoon, so I thought I would pick up the sword in advance. You promised to help me give the Seven Stars Sword a full service if I lent it to you for five days to study it. Don't tell me you forgot?" Lord Thunder leaned back and supported himself against a cabinet with a smile.

"Of course not, I gave it a full service. It didn't take too long, and it didn't cost too much." Luo Chuang waved his hand and his gaze turned to the cabinet on the right. "It's in number twenty-four on the right, you can get it yourself."

Luo Chuang was so matter-of-fact that Lord Thunder couldn't quite believe it. He remembered that Luo Chuang's attitude hadn't been like this when he'd first asked for the Seven Stars Sword; he'd almost fallen to his knees to hold on to Lord Thunder's thigh...

"I'd heard of Immortal Zhenyuan's fame before, so I'd always had high expectations of the Seven Stars Sword. But when I got it from you, the novelty wore off after just a couple of hours."

Luo Chuang put down the mirror in his hand, slowly raised his head, and said seriously, "The Seven Stars Sword's strength to move things is no small matter, and it is indeed very formidable. However, there's also a huge drawback, and that is it asks a lot of its wielder. It consumes almost four times the amount of spirit energy compared with a spirit sword at the same level."

Lord Thunder: "What's your point?"

"So, even though the Seven Stars Sword ranks high in the swords list, it's also true that this sword isn't practical, and it isn't suitable for everyone. It's only suitable for cultivators who have innate spirit energy and abundant basic energy reserves, and who can develop at extraordinary speeds — in other words, the so-called sons of heaven." Luo Chuang shrugged. "If you want me to rank it, the Seven Stars Sword wouldn't even make the top ten."

"??? " After hearing this, Lord Thunder's expression was full of bewilderment, since this wasn't what Luo Chuang had said a few days ago!

"Didn't you say that this Seven Stars Sword was an exquisitely crafted and flawless godly sword? That was just a few days ago..." Lord Thunder was speechless.

"That was then, this is now." Luo Chuang pressed his lips together. "I have seen so many spirit swords, what sword haven't I viewed before? But it was only recently, when I saw Ling Zhenren's Jingke, that I realized that I was just a frog in a well..."

Lord Thunder: "Surely you're exaggerating?"

"You don't understand."

Luo Chuang tsked. "From tip to end, Lord Jingke is impeccable. The only pity is that he doesn't have a scabbard. Nowadays, there are truly very few swords like Lord Jingke, which are able to save on as well as consume less energy, which are very formidable and pleasing to the eye, and which uphold the three views."

When Luo Chuang spoke up to this point, Lord Thunder saw his eyes light up.

Lord Thunder: "..."

Luo Chuang looked at the mirror, which was still playing the live broadcast of the old devil's trial. There was a deep expression in his eyes. "Look at this; no matter who you are, even if you have a hollow reputation for having once rocked the world... in the end, don't you just become outdated, just like the Seven Stars Sword? So, only a common spirit sword like Lord Jingke, which is not on the swords ranking list, is the genuinely supreme godly sword."

"..."

"Of course, it's not like I'm targeting your Seven Stars Sword. Ever since I saw Lord Jingke, I've come to realize..." Luo Chuang squinted and smiled. "All other existing spirit swords are trash!"

"..."

Lord Thunder could already completely tell that this Luo Chuang had become a fanboy!

"By the way, has there been any progress in relation to the place that I asked you to look into?"

Speaking on this topic, Luo Chuang suddenly lifted his head to look at Lord Thunder as he recalled proper business. Previously, he had asked Lord Thunder to look for a secret location called Devil Valley, which was rumored to be a secret place with a history far older than the Gate Between Worlds and which only opened once every century.

While the name Devil Valley made it sound like an awful place, according to historical records, it had the kind of picturesque landscape where any photos you took could be used as a screensaver.

And, most crucially, it was rumored that Devil Valley contained rare materials that according to history no longer existed.

"I asked Little Black before, and he has already detected some fluctuations that might be from Devil Valley. Calculating the years, it indeed looks like the valley will open again this year." Lord Thunder flattened his lips. "But I still want to know, why do you want to go there?"

"I want to make something. If I succeed, it'll be my entire life's glory," Luo Chuang said proudly with a face full of smiles.

"You want to make a sword?"

"That was my previous goal; before, I wanted to create a spirit sword that would be able to easily destroy all the armor in my shop. However, since seeing Lord Jingke, I feel that this isn't something that can be achieved in this life." Luo Chuang sighed with a little regret, and then he looked up with hope in his eyes. "So instead, I'm going to make the ultimate scabbard for Lord Jingke."

"Is this your most recent reason for wanting to go into Devil Valley?" Lord Thunder raised his eyebrows.

"That's right." Luo Chuang smiled and said, "My original plan was to look for the special supplemental material, the One Thousand Dried Bone, in Devil Valley."

"One Thousand Dried Bone? That would be very rare, even in the valley." Lord Thunder sighed.

The One Thousand Dried Bone which Luo Chuang was talking about was a supplemental substance in ancient times which could be added as an ingredient to elixirs for restoring vitality, but which had been used back then to stabilize the forging of holy weapons. Unfortunately, because of its extremely long growth cycle, plus excessive harvesting at the time, it had already gone extinct a long time ago.

Even if it really did exist in Devil Valley, there actually wouldn't be a lot of it.

It was clear that Luo Chuang was well aware of this.

"I know that even if Devil Valley does have the One Thousand Dried Bone, there won't be much of it. If I were to use it to forge a godly sword, this amount wouldn't be enough. However... if I use this material to build the ultimate scabbard, it'll definitely be enough!" Saying this, Luo Chuang smiled maniacally.

"..."

Lord Thunder instantly panicked when he saw this fanatical smile.





Chapter 257 New Transfer Student


The legend of Devil Valley wasn't a secret in the cultivation world at all; over the years, many people had searched for the valley's entrance.

Apart from Huaxiu citizens, there were even many cultivators who had come from the west with an eye on this treasure land. Devil Valley contained resources that were otherwise extinct in the current world; if you took yourself to be an owner of a fish pond like Devil Valley, it absolutely wasn't wishful thinking to believe that you could achieve the pinnacle of your life's journey.

Most of the people who searched for Devil Valley only thought about the benefits they could gain, but Luo Chuang had his own ambition — the only reason he wanted to enter the valley was to find the One Thousand Dried Bone, which was integral for creating a unique scabbard.

After seeing the anticipation on Luo Chuang's face and those eyes full of boundless hope, Lord Thunder was instantly a little nervous.

"For now, Little Black is only monitoring fluctuations that he suspects might be from Devil Valley, and can't fully confirm it yet. If you want to enter it, you'll still need a bit of luck..." Lord Thunder said.

This was in fact something that everyone already understood very well. Devil Valley was like Peach Blossom Land 1 — most people would only be able to find it through serendipity. There were very few recorded instances of people successfully entering Devil Valley. Furthermore, it was said that many of the people who came out of the valley bearing those so-called extinct resources would later completely forget everything that they had experienced there.

1(This is from a fable written by Tao Yuanming in 421 AD about the chance discovery of an ethereal utopia where the people co-exist in ideal harmony with nature for centuries, unaware of the outside world.) So another way of saying it was that Devil Valley didn't actually exist.

It was argued instead that the real Devil Valley was just an illusionary landscape that had been created by an Ancient Almighty, and the people who said that they had brought out extinct resources from the valley had actually been under an illusion spell.

This information wasn't a secret. Both Lord Thunder and Luo Chuang, were very clear about it in their hearts.

But it was very obvious that Luo Chuang wasn't willing to give up. "Anyway, I want to give it a go. Ever since meeting Lord Jingke, I knew that my dream of forging the ultimate sword was ruined. No matter what type of sword I make, it would never surpass Lord Jingke..."

At this point, he grabbed Lord Thunder's hands with an excited face. "So, whether I can make a supreme scabbard or not will all depend on you, Brother Lei!"

The corners of Lord Thunder's mouth twitched violently, and pulling his hands out of Luo Chuang's greasy grip, he tried to keep smiling. "I'll try my best..."

...

It was still June 22nd on Wednesday in the ninth week of the semester.

Many things had happened in the morning because of the live broadcast of the old devil's trial.

Teacher Pan had had to come to class well in advance to crack down on the "riot."

This was because the noise couldn't just be heard upon stepping out of the office — according to Teacher Pan, she had already been able to hear the yelling as soon as she had stepped out of the subway station near the school.

It could only be said Teacher Pan was in the end Teacher Pan, a pioneer teacher at Number 60 High School.

Wang Ling felt that the saying that all teachers-in-charge had preternaturally good hearing was utterly true.

But even when she had to quell the noise, Teacher Pan seemed to be in a particularly good mood today.

All the crows in the world were equally black — all the teachers-in-charge in the world liked to do one thing, and that was to compare their students with other students.

Teacher Pan rolled up her sleeves, placed her hands on the lectern, and sighed with dissatisfaction at the way her students were unable to live up to her expectations. "I don't know how to deal with all of you; the gap between the two elite classes in our Number 60 High School is growing wider everyday. Can't you learn from Fang Xing in the class next door?"

The name made Wang Ling abruptly lift his head.

Because he felt like he had heard it before.

But it was only recently that he had heard this name, and that was after the survival contest.

It was only later that Wang Ling had found out that Fang Xing was a new transfer student. Furthermore, he had transferred from a neighboring city and had been directly assigned to the elite class. There were only two elite classes in Number 60 High School: one was Grade One, Class Three which Wang Ling was in, and the other one was Grade One, Class Two. Fang Xing was a new transfer student in Class Two.

Guo Hao had wanted to talk about this in the morning, but the live broadcast of the old devil's trial had been such big news that everyone had chosen to ignore the matter of the new transfer student, just like Wang Feng who was always robbed of his headlines 2

2(This refers to singer Wang Feng's joke that any time news of him is released, it's bound to be eclipsed by some other hot topic in the media.) During the morning class, Teacher Pan spoke highly of the transfer student and lavished him with praise, but this still wasn't enough to satisfy the students' curiosity.

Hence, as soon as class was over, Guo Hao was surrounded. The two girls, Sun Rong and Lin Xiaoyu, had been sent next door as their representatives to feel out the true situation with Classmate Fang Xing.

"Do you have anything on the transfer student? Where did he transfer from?" Chen Chao asked curiously.

Guo Hao tsked and asked, "Have you heard of Tianshi Imperial High School?"

Everyone shook their heads. Forget the high school, they hadn't even heard of this name before.

"I have an uncle who told me that this is a high school for aristocrats in Jinghua city which was built on a spirit mountain. Since it's an aristocratic high school, not just anyone can enter. The annual selection is very strict and enrollment numbers are limited." Guo Hao cupped his chin, his face full of contemplation. "So this Fang Xing's identity definitely isn't simple."

"Since his school is so awesome, why did he choose to come to our Number 60 High School?" someone asked.

"I heard from my uncle that one of the compulsory requirements for being enrolled in Tianshi Imperial High School is that you must buy a house in the school district near the school. Since Classmate Fang's family has now moved to Songhai city, he'd have to transfer schools. As to why he chose Number 60... I don't know." Guo Hao shrugged helplessly.

"But in addition to that, I heard that Classmate Fang Xing had only been here a day when he already caused three major events..." said Guo Hao.

"What three events?"

"The first one: after he just got here, he straightaway challenged Clan Leader Yu to a duel. The two of them fought with the wooden swords the school uses, and after the fight, Classmate Fang Xing's sword remained undamaged, but Clan Leader Yu's sword had simply become wood chips; with one gust of wind, they straightaway turned to sand. Classmate Fang Xing said that his sword skill was called 'You Are the Wind, I Am the Sand 3 '," said Guo Hao.

3(This is the title of a song associated with the Chinese TV drama "Return of the Pearl Princess .. ") Everyone: "..."

"The second thing was at the reception for new students. Lao Gudong went to explain our school's campus culture to Classmate Fang Xing, but he fell asleep. So Lao Gudong threw a piece of chalk at him... and he caught it!"

Everyone: "..."

"The last is the most terrifying. In order to welcome Classmate Fang Xing, Mother Juan specially him something to eat..." said Guo Hao.

At just hearing the two words 'Mother Juan,' everyone couldn't help but shudder. They recalled how Guo Hao had suffered from her evil "fan bing bing" before the survival contest.

"If we use that fan bing bing as the gauge, its lethality is three stars. Then Mother Juan's 'sky steamed godly snails'... is five stars!"

Guo Hao's eyes were full of horror as he said, "After Classmate Fang Xing ate Mother Juan's 'sky steamed godly snails'... he was actually fine."

"..."

Now, even Wang Ling was terrified.





Chapter 258 Lao Gudong's Gossip Time


If suppressing Clan Leader Yu and catching Lao Gudong's piece of chalk hadn't been enough for the transfer student to cause a stir, then by eating Mother Juan's "sky steamed godly snails," Fang Xing could be said to have already cemented his status as the strongest transfer student in Number 60 High School's history.

The "sky steamed godly snails" was a new dish which Mother Juan had developed along with the "fan bing bing." According to what Guo Hao knew, when the sky steamed godly snails had been taken out of the pot, all the fresh ingredients in the canteen had been charred in an instant just from the steam that had been released.

According to Mother Juan, this was the dish's unique characteristic, like that of the gourmet "snail rice noodles 1 ." To put it simply, this was the legendary "stinks but tastes delicious." Although you'd definitely get diarrhea after eating it, it helped the body to detox as well as nourished the skin. It was said to work better than drinking copious amounts of fluid, and could instantly dissolve impurities in the body.

1(This specialty of Liuzhou city is rice noodles in broth made from a stock base of river snails and pork bones.) Of course, these were all one-sided claims on Mother Juan's part. Since Guo Hao eating "fan bing bing" had already set a precedent, there was no one in school who dared to risk eating her new dishes.

But credit had to be given where it was due. Guo Hao had been admitted into hospital after eating Mother Juan's fan bing bing. After his discharge, however, he could feel that his body's resilience had increased quite a bit; even the veins in his body were now obviously unclogged... maybe this was the legendary "breaking the old to create the new."

Guo Hao silently bottled this matter up in his heart and didn't mention it to anyone.

...

All in all, as a new student, the impact which Fang Xing had created in a single short day wasn't any less than Sun Rong's influence when she had entered Number 60 High School.

Tianshi Imperial High School was like the Oscar of aristocratic high schools in Jinghua city, and the people who could enter the school were all the wealthy and respectable type. However, there were very few people who knew anything about Tianshi Imperial High School. If it wasn't for Guo Hao's uncles, who were spread all over the world, no one might have even heard of its name.

In the short ten minutes after the end of the class, Guo Hao had shared all the gossip on the new transfer student with everyone. Before the start of the second class, Sun Rong and Lin Xiaoyu, who had been sent to scout out the new transfer student, came back hand in hand.

It was actually quite normal for girls to hold hands with each other, like when they would go to the washroom after class hand in hand. However, the main point here was that Sun Rong and Lin Xiaoyu were skipping as they came back hand in hand!

"..."

This scene stunned all the people in Class Three.

Guo Hao was utterly dumbstruck. It was quite normal for Lin Xiaoyu this lively fujoshi to skip, but why had Sun Rong ended up following her?!

What happened just now?

"Classmate Fang Xing is really too cool! Right? Right?" Lin Xiaoyu held her face in her hands, a fangirl expression on her face, and nudged Sun Rong repeatedly with her elbow.

"In what way? What's his strength like?" Chen Chao was also a little curious.

"I think he's pretty amazing..." Sun Rong looked a little bashful.

Lin Xiaoyu thought about it for a bit, then very quickly rattled off the four key fujoshi points: "White face! Long legs! Chopstick spirit 2 ! The ultimate shou !"

2(This means that a person's legs are very long.) Everyone: "..."

"As for strength... he's so handsome, what use is strength?!"

After saying this, Lin Xiaoyu seemed to abruptly recall something important, and suddenly exclaimed, "— Ah!"

"What is it?"

Her face felt very hot. "I forgot to take a selfie with him just now!"

Everyone: "..."

Lin Xiaoyu: "Classmate Sun Rong, come with me!"

Sun Rong: "..."

Saying this, Lin Xiaoyu grabbed Sun Rong's hand and eagerly ran out again.

The scene at this moment made Guo Hao cross his arms and sigh despite himself: Over... it's all over!

It wasn't just Guo Hao; no one else had expected that even Classmate Sun Rong would have fallen for the transfer student!

...

Although Number 60 High School took in two relatively well-off transfer students at this time every year, Fang Xing was the first to create such a stir.

His appearance had been a little sudden for everyone.

He was like a dazzling jewel that had changed hands and which glowed brightly after coming to Number 60 High School, partly helping to draw a lot of attention away from Wang Ling.

But Wang Ling had a hunch that this person was dangerous.

Looking through the walls into Grade One, Class Two on the other side, he found Fang Xing surrounded by a crowd.

Fang Xing looked like a very sunny person. Because his school uniform was still being made, he was wearing a white T-shirt and a pair of blue and white striped track pants. His white teeth gleamed as he chatted with the people around him.

Wang Ling didn't observe him for too long as he instantly withdrew after just one look. And it might have been his own mistaken impression, but as he withdrew his gaze, it seemed as if Fang Xing had tilted his head slightly to look behind him out of the corner of his eye.

...

Lao Gudong's class happened to be on Wednesdays.

As a follow-up to the live broadcast of the old devil's trial in the morning, Lao Gudong shared related knowledge from modern history in class, then directly announced that the trial would be an important test point in the mid-term exam.

"I just received a circular from the Education Department stating that the live broadcast of the trial this morning will be included in the textbook in the second half of this year, earliest before the new year. It's possible that it will become a key exam point in the next two years." Lao Gudong rested his elbows partly on the lectern and said unhurriedly, "Students who have decided to take history in Grade Three should take particular note of this."

"..."

"From major things like the specific time and proceedings of this unprecedented live broadcast of the trial of a top-ranked criminal, as well as the possible impact on later generations, to minor things like the old devil and General Yi's historically famous skills — all these are test points," said Lao Gudong.

"Teacher... even these can be tested?" asked someone.

"Why not?" Lao Gudong smiled slightly. "If it were me, I would test you on the Palm Sword's origin, the specific research process involved, and the historical impact of this skill on the history of swordsmanship. Each person has their own specialty skill, and there are countless examples of them in history: Immortal Zhenyuan's Zhenyuan Great Spell, Killer Taoist's Enemy-Killing Blink and so on..."

Everyone: "..."

"Of course, when it comes to test points, I think it's very likely that Devil Emperor Gua Pi's disciple, Immortal She Pi, will appear in the exam as a test point." Lao Gudong looked around calmly. "So, does anyone know the origin of Immortal She Pi's specialty, the White Night Spell?"

"What's that?"

"Perhaps many of you have not heard of it, but the White Night Spell is a technique that is able to turn the spirit energy of heaven and earth into armor. As long as there's spirit energy, the armor won't be destroyed. Furthermore, there are two types for day and night each. One is called Bright Victory, and the other is Dark Victory 3 ," said Lao Gudong.

3('Bright Victory' or Ming Kai is the name of a professional League of Legends player, who is sometimes called 'Dark Victory' for what some people have criticized as his two-sided playstyle, depending on the stakes he's playing for..) Everyone: "..."





Chapter 259 White Night Spell


Lao Gudong's words sounded like a joke, but his eyes were extraordinarily serious. His past predictions about what would be tested in the college entrance exam had all been on point. Therefore, Number 60 High School had been consistently number one in the district over the years in class scores for history.

The "White Night Spell" was Immortal She Pi's specialty, but most people had never heard of it. This was because most of these skill specialties had been developed by the users themselves.

As a follow-up to Immortal She Pi's renowned supreme skill, Lao Gudong recalled something interesting. "Do you remember the lesson I gave you on the Gua Pi War about a month ago?"

That lesson was still fresh in everyone's minds.

Because it was during that lesson that Lao Gudong had shared gossip related to Immortal She Pi's end, which was that before being executed, Immortal She Pi had been found to be pregnant, and had left a child behind.

"During the trial in the morning, that devil stated that he had been sealed away in the stone ghost mask before Immortal She Pi had been caught, so he hadn't known anything at all about his own disciple's situation after that."

Lao Gudong tsked and shook his head. "In my opinion, if Immortal She Pi is still alive, I'm afraid that he'll be much, much harder to deal with than the old devil. Back then, the melon rind which was reputedly developed by Devil Emperor Gua Pi had in fact been made by Immortal She Pi, who had been years ahead of his time in terms of drugs and weapons research. In other words, he had already mastered the heart of science and technology during that era!"

Speaking up to this point, Lao Gudong sighed with a little regret. "Unfortunately, he misused this knowledge and strayed off the right path."

Everyone: "..."

...

Teacher Ye Han's PE class was in the afternoon. He was quite popular in the ranking of school teachers. There was a good saying that if looks weren't enough, then height would make up for it... Because of his naturally curly blonde hair and his tall and large frame, he was very popular with the girls.

Before the start of every PE lesson, there would always be girls around him asking how they could lose weight: How could they get rid of unwanted flab? Were there any target exercises that they could do? Teacher Ye would always answer these questions very patiently.

But today, his figure looked a little lonely...

Both elite classes had the PE lesson together. When the students from Class Two and Class Three came together for the lesson this time, the girls' attention was all focused on the new transfer student.

Fang Xing was escorted by a group of girls out of the school building. This bunch of people were so absorbed in talking and laughing that they didn't even hear the bell. It was only when Teacher Ye angrily shouted at them twice that the girls scattered reluctantly and obediently got into line.

This was Fang Xing's first PE lesson after coming to Number 60 High School and it was Teacher Ye's first time meeting him. After the girls around Fang Xing had scattered, Teacher Ye began to look the new transfer student up and down.

Hm... he had really long legs!

Teacher Ye felt that 'chopstick spirit' wasn't a good enough way to describe the length of Fang Xing's legs anymore. From what he could see, 'stilt spirit' was more accurate!

The students lined up according to height; Fang Xing was one hundred and eighty-eight centimeters tall, so he was last in the boys' line. Noticing that Teacher Ye was staring at him, he hurried closer and greeted him with a smile. "Hello, Teacher Ye! I'm Fang Xing."

The voice caught Teacher Ye a little off guard as he stared blankly.

It was only after a long, stupefied moment that he responded.

"Oh, Student Fang... hello!"

To be honest, he felt a little embarrassed — what kind of student hadn't he seen after being at Number 60 High School for so many years? He had actually been struck dumb for three seconds by a transfer student! No wonder this Student Fang Xing was so popular with the girls.

Teacher Ye couldn't help sighing slightly with sorrow... how nice it was to be young! He had been young once too!

After calming down, he stood at the front and clapped his hands. "Alright, as usual, everyone warm up first! Follow behind me as we run, make sure to keep up your speed and pace! As you're running, make sure to stay in line, otherwise, you'll do another round!"

Wang Ling was next to Guo Hao, his heart as tranquil as an ancient well.

This familiar jogging session... was just as troublesome as usual.

Jogging was a matter of endurance, but the rules in cultivation high schools were different compared with normal schools; it wasn't just about building up endurance, it was also about tempering concentration. As everyone jogged, they also had to maneuver their swords to float above their heads.

This was a special exercise method which experts from the city Sports Department had come up with.

Jogging itself didn't have much of an impact on the endurance of cultivators. Even an early Foundation Establishment stage cultivator would be able to jog for a day and a night as long as their spirit energy didn't run out. But with the need to control a sword at the same time, this became a great test of spirit. Controlling the sword and jogging simultaneously also consumed more spirit energy, which would toughen the students up.

"I was worried before that this would be too intense for you, so all this time I've gotten you to use the special teaching spirit swords which, comparatively speaking, consume less spirit energy. But I want to increase the difficulty today." Teacher Ye smiled. "Please take out your personal spirit swords. Compared with the teaching spirit swords, your personal spirit swords consume energy at a normal rate, and controlling your swords as you jog will deepen your rapport as well as help spawn a sword spirit as soon as possible."

Compared with the start of the semester, Wang Ling wasn't as awkward now when he took Jingke out in public.

After he had come back from the spirit sword exchange meet at Number 59 High School, everyone in Number 60 High School knew that he used a peach wood sword, so it wasn't unusual anymore.

Therefore, when he heard Teacher Ye's request, Wang Ling summoned Jingke agreeably enough and held it in his hand.

Of course, the focus was actually still on Fang Xing.

"I wonder what kind of sword Classmate Fang Xing uses." At that moment, a lot of girls gave Fang Xing curious looks.

But Fang Xing rubbed the back of his head a little apologetically. He looked at Teacher Ye with some embarrassment on his face. "Teacher Ye, I use a knife."

"Oh, did you major in knife techniques at your previous school?" Teacher Ye nodded his head. "That's fine, the theory behind knife and sword techniques is pretty much the same. Generally, if you can control a sword, then you can control a knife. Student Fang Xing is so outstanding, there definitely won't be any problems if you use a knife!"

"But everyone is using a sword... wouldn't it be strange for me to use a knife?" Fang Xing asked.

Teacher Ye laughed loudly. "Student Fang Xing, don't worry. Since you've come to Number 60 High School, you're one of us. No one will laugh at you!"

"But Teacher Ye... my knife, it's a little big." Fang Xing still had his concerns.

"It's fine, Student Fang!" Teacher Ye's gaze was firm as he patted Fang Xing on the shoulder.

"...All right then."

Under everyone's gazes, Fang Xing finally took out his big knife from the pocket of his school uniform.

Then, under everyone's terrified gazes...

A fully forty-meter long steel broadsword stretched down the center of the sports field.

Teacher Ye: "..."

Everyone: "..."





Chapter 260 The Forty-Meter Broadsword Can't Be Put Back


The forty-meter large steel broadsword stretched directly down the center of the sports field, its bluish-gray surface still reflecting the light from the sun... What kind of image was this? The broadsword looked like a weapon which had been left behind in the human world by an ancient demon god — at a glance, it gave off a very heavy air.

Everyone was silent.

Teacher Ye also took a deep breath. "Student Fang... does your broadsword not have the ability to contract?"

During the manufacturing process, many large weapon types would be implanted with a functional "contraction talisman" to ensure that the blade could be carried around. Based on common sense, this forty-meter broadsword should be able to contract.

Unfortunately, Fang Xing shook his head. "This is a legacy which my father left to me. I heard that when it was being forged, the smith had been going through heartbreak, and had been so upset that he had started to suffer intermittent dementia; at the most critical step of making the broadsword, he didn't put in the contraction talisman."

Everyone: "..."

For some reason, Wang Ling felt that this Fang Xing's experience was very similar to his. He remembered how much effort it had taken to cure the old man of intermittent dementia back then.

Teacher Ye broke out in a sweat. "Then Student Fang Xing can use a teaching spirit sword this time... However, for the sake of the school's PE class, it would be best for Student Fang Xing to be equipped with a spirit saber or a spirit sword of a normal size."

"Yes, Teacher Ye."

Fang Xing nodded, accepting this advice cheerfully. "Then... Teacher Ye, can you put my broadsword away for me?"

The corners of Teacher Ye's mouth twitched. "Can't you put it away yourself?"

Fang Xing sighed. "It's very hard to put my forty-meter broadsword back once I've taken it out... so I don't generally draw it out in ordinary times."

Teacher Ye wanted to cry but had no tears to shed: "..."

The broadsword fully weighed six thousand jin . When he raised it, he was unable to balance it properly. The spirit light in a storage space had an automatic acceptance function. As long as one part of an item entered the storage space, the whole item would automatically be recognized and received inside.

But when this forty-meter broadsword was placed on the sports field, its hilt was suspended over two meters in the air from the ground because its body was too large.

In the end, Teacher Ye went to get another PE teacher from the office, and together they lifted the broadsword and slowly put the hilt into Fang Xing's school uniform pocket.

The scene looked a little strange, but somehow Wang Ling felt that this Fang Xing seemed to be hiding something.

Because when the broadsword was being put back into Fang Xing's pocket, Wang Ling was acutely aware of Jingke vibrating slightly in his hand.

...

Because of this broadsword, the PE class was delayed, and the warm-up before the official lesson only happened fifteen minutes later. Number 60 High School's sports field was small, and one lap was just four hundred meters. During the warm-up, Teacher Ye would usually ask the students to jog four thousand meters for four minutes while controlling their swords, which meant ten laps.

But because of the earlier delay, Teacher Ye raised the requirement this time, giving the male students two minutes and the female students three minutes.

It already wasn't easy to jog and control a sword at the same time; now they had even less time to do it, which made a bunch of the male students complain miserably.

Wang Ling jogged in the middle of the line. He didn't feel much from this kind of Formation Establishment stage basic training, and he just considered himself an exercise partner. Furthermore, he didn't need to control Jingke at all because the latter had its own consciousness.

Chen Chao ran at the head of the line as he led the male students. Although he looked exhausted, it was obvious that he could still continue running. Before entering Number 60 High School, Chen Chao had already been a sports-oriented student, and had far better stamina than most of the people here.

In contrast, Guo Hao's entire head was already soaked in sweat by the fourth lap, and it looked like he was about to fall behind.

Guo Hao was big-hearted and easygoing; jogging wasn't a problem for a Formation Establishment cultivator, but controlling a sword at the same time was much more demanding. When they had used the teaching spirit sword during the warm-up, it had been quite challenging for Guo Hao. Now that they had to maneuver their personal spirit swords as they ran, their consumption of spirit energy would increase dramatically.

Of course, Wang Ling, who was just behind Guo Hao, could have helped him run a little easier with just a thought. However, this could hurt the other boy instead; the Foundation Establishment stage basic training exercises were still quite important, since the foundations which the students built now would be directly related to the development of the upper limits of their future realms.

Therefore, Wang Ling didn't do anything throughout the warm-up.

On the seventh lap, Wang Ling noticed that the students around him were already drenched in sweat, so he immediately channeled his spirit energy into condensing the moisture in the air onto his skin to make it look like he was sweating a little.

Otherwise, it would really be too strange if everyone else was sweating while there wasn't even a single drop on him.

After two minutes of jogging, Guo Hao straightaway collapsed on the ground, gasping for breath. Chen Chao braced his hands on his knees, then kicked Guo Hao's leg to make him get up and walk around for a bit.

After that, the girls' warm-up jog was also over. Except for Sun Rong, the rest of them didn't look very good.

A little bored, Wang Ling took a break as he sat to one side. Most of the people on the sports field looked like they were dying from exhaustion, except for him... and Fang Xing.

After ten laps, Fang Xing wasn't flushed, nor was he gasping for breath, which surprised Teacher Ye. This transfer student's physical strength was very good. Even if he had been jogging with a teaching spirit sword, it still shouldn't have been this easy. And most importantly, he had deliberately given the male students a time limit.

"Student Fang has good physical strength!" Teacher Ye couldn't help praising.

Fang Xing rubbed his head bashfully and said very modestly, "In my old school, the school building was at the foot of a mountain, and I had to take twenty thousand steps to class every day. Maybe I was trained during that time."

"So that's it." Teacher Ye nodded. He had heard of Fang Xing's school, which was the strictest aristocratic boarding school in Jinghua city, Tianshi Imperial High School.

"Your time is outstanding!" Teacher Ye looked at the blue notebook and the stopwatch in his hands.

He had just recorded down the times: in the last three laps, Fang Xing had obviously sped up and directly passed Chen Chao at the head. He had been the first to finish the warm-up, and overall had been faster than Chen Chao, taking just a minute and a half to complete it.

"The district sports meet will be held in two weeks. I want you and Student Chen Chao to be our male school representatives and participate in the sword control relay." Teacher Ye stared at Fang Xing as he made this request.

Unexpectedly, Fang Xing instantly agreed. "No problem, Teacher Ye."

"Do you think you have enough spirit energy if you switch to jogging with a normal spirit sword? How about we try it out after you've taken a break?" Teacher Ye asked.

"Okay, Teacher Ye." Fang Xing nodded readily.

"Then I'll help you borrow a spirit sword!"

Teacher Ye looked around. "Is there anyone who would be willing to lend their spirit sword to Student Fang Ling?"

"No need, Teacher Ye, I'll borrow it myself."

Fang Xing smiled and waved his hand.

Then, Wang Ling saw this person walk step by step toward him.





Chapter 261 This Guy Was Doing It on Purpose!


Wang Ling stared blankly at this scene. He was sitting in the shade of a tree as he pretended to be resting. This should have been a very inconspicuous position. But Wang Ling had miscalculated, because this position happened to put him opposite Fang Xing, and they were actually quite close to each other.

As a result, Teacher Ye had barely finished speaking before Fang Xing had straightaway walked toward Wang Ling.

"This classmate, can you lend me your sword for a bit?" Fang Xing smiled with a natural and relaxed expression.

Deep down, Wang Ling in fact wasn't willing to do so. For a cultivator, their personal magic treasure was quite a private thing. And, most crucially, Jingke was very special to Wang Ling.

After Fang Xing made his request, neither of them moved. They looked at each other, separated by just a meter. It was also the first time that Wang Ling was face to face with Fang Xing. One person was sitting in the shade of a tree while the other was standing in the sun, creating a sharp contrast.

In the sun, Fang Xing's hair was slightly brown. He was still in the white short-sleeved shirt and the blue and white striped track pants. His face was so fair that Wang Ling felt that if he wore women's clothes, he would definitely be a beauty.

After a full minute of silence, Wang Ling finally handed Jingke to him.

Because he really couldn't stand the scorching gazes of the girls around them.

At the moment, Fang Xing was like the sun, shining brightly after having just arrived at Number 60 High School — he was really way too dazzling. In fact, Wang Ling could guess that if he refused Fang Xing's request, it was likely that he would become the target of more hate.

So even if he did lend Fang Xing his sword, he didn't quite like him.

It might not look like Fang Xing had deliberately set out to borrow his spirit sword, and it had seemed very natural, but Wang Ling had the feeling that Fang Xing had done it on purpose.

Of course, Wang Ling also had his own reasons for handing Jingke over. Jingke had its own consciousness; if there was something fishy about Fang Xing, Jingke would definitely be able to detect it with its strength.

Then, the PE class completely became Fang Xing's personal show.

Number 60 High School's performance in the district school sports meet had always been poor, which had always been a headache for Teacher Ye as the head of the sports team's teaching and research group. This year, several students talented in sports, including Chen Chao, had joined the school's elite stream. Coupled with the sudden discovery of Fang Xing this young seedling, Teacher Ye felt that this was an opportunity that absolutely couldn't be wasted.

Holding Jingke, Fang Xing stood at the starting line and waited for Teacher Ye's direction to begin. When he had used the teaching spirit sword earlier, he had completed the ten laps with a good time of one and a half minutes.

With a normal spirit sword, the margin of difference was under thirty seconds, or two minutes at the most. Teacher Ye thought that Number 60 High School's chances in the sports meet's running event this year were pretty solid.

When Teacher Ye waved his hand, Fang Xing started to run along the track.

A cultivator's jogging pace was a lot faster than an average person's sprint. As soon as Fang Xing started out, he left a string of afterimages behind him, which instantly turned the girls around them into cheerleaders.

The girls were all cheering and the boys were all gossiping. As a transfer student, Fang Xing had really made waves, which made some of the boys unhappy.

But they could only contain this disgruntlement in their hearts, since anyone who decided to lock horns with Fang Xing at this critical juncture would definitely suffer bitterly for it; it was a given that the girls would view them with disdain. Furthermore, even if they tried to find trouble with him in private, there was a good chance that they still wouldn't be able to defeat him!

What was the saying... I like how you hate me but can't get rid of me 1 .

1(This is an online meme.) Wang Ling felt that this saying currently suited Fang Xing very well.

Unexpectedly, Fang Xing ran the first six laps easily as Jingke floated steadily in the air above his head.

When Wang Ling had passed Jingke to Fang Xing, he had already asked it to stay as relaxed as possible, and find a way to deplete more of Fang Xing's spirit energy.

To Wang Ling's slight surprise, Fang Xing was actually able to handle it.

On the seventh lap, sweat finally started to roll down Fang Xing's cheeks, and it was clear that he was slowing down. Of course, in the eyes of average people, he still looked like a string of afterimages. Teacher Ye was intensely focused as his eyes followed Fang Xing closely.

After teaching PE for so many years, Teacher Ye was actually very sensitive to this type of faint disparity in speed.

Wang Ling watched this performance from where he sat in the shade of the tree. He saw Chen Chao put his hands on his hips as he looked on in amazement. "Classmate Fang Xing... is such a freak!"

To call Fang Xing a "freak" was in fact a great compliment. Chen Chao's level was at the standard of first-class athletes at the Formation Establishment stage in Huaxiu nation, which very likely would have colored his appraisal of Fang Xing, so his words were already enough to prove that Fang Xing wasn't normal.

But since the beginning, Wang Ling had felt that Fang Xing was far from simple.

Wang Ling looked at the track. In just a blink of an eye, Fang Xing was already on his ninth lap. Unexpectedly, his previously slow pace changed, and to a burst of cheers from the female students, Fang Xing abruptly began to speed up.

On the tenth lap, he blew by Teacher Ye like a gust of wind, and in the end, the stopwatch stopped at one minute and thirty-one seconds.

"Too... too awesome!" Teacher Ye looked at the stopwatch and almost jumped up and down with how excited he was.

The difference was only one second when Fang Xing used a normal spirit sword!

Moreover, the most important thing was that the spirit sword which he had used belonged to Wang Ling; it wasn't his own personal spirit sword, nor had he made a contract with it. In a situation where they didn't share such a rapport, Fang Xing had actually obtained more outstanding results than the sports students... Teacher Ye instantly felt like he had unearthed treasure!

After the run, Fang Xing's face was a little red, and he was panting as he went to Wang Ling to express his thanks and return Jingke to him.

When he took Jingke back, Wang Ling could already confirm that Fang Xing's exact realm was far from being as simple as the Foundation Establishment stage.

What on earth was this person hiding?

Wang Ling didn't like this feeling of not knowing the exact situation.

Fang Xing lifted the bottom of his white short-sleeved shirt to wipe at his sweat, then smiled very brightly. "Classmate, thank you! Oh, by the way, what's your name?"

Wang Ling's deep gaze was hidden under his fringe.

For a second time, the two individuals looked at each other.

Before Wang Ling could open his mouth, Chen Chao next to him interjected, "He's called Wang Ling and he doesn't like to talk much."

Chen Chao had always gotten along with people, and would always take a liking to sports talents, so his impression of Fang Xing wasn't bad.

"Oh, so you're Classmate Wang Ling." Fang Xing nodded.

Suddenly, he looked at Teacher Ye next to him. "Teacher Ye, do we have all the people we need for the sports meet?"

Teacher Ye stroked his chin in contemplation. "The specific line-up has yet to be decided, but we want to become a key city high school this year, so we have to take this district competition seriously. Headmaster Chen wants me to create the strongest line-up possible. Speaking of our two elite classes, Student Chen Chao's and your spots have already been confirmed."

"I see..."

Fang Xing grinned as he looked at Teacher Ye. "Actually, I think Classmate Wang Ling is pretty strong. Why not have him join us?"

"..."

Wang Ling could see it now.

This guy... was definitely doing it on purpose!





Chapter 262 Our Family Runs a Noodles Shop!


This was the first time that Wang Ling was experiencing the sensation of being set up.

Mystical events did happen sometimes, but while he believed that coincidences might happen in particular situations, if it happened once, twice or even more than that, he would begin to suspect that things weren't what they seemed.

Hence, the impression that Fang Xing gave Wang Ling was very special.

That moment when he had been feeling out Fang Xing, and their gazes had met when the other boy had looked out of the corner of his eye... coincidence or not, it made Wang Ling very wary of Fang Xing.

To guard against Fang Xing was one thing, but Wang Ling never expected the other boy to make the first move and set him up.

Teacher Ye was naturally very happy with Fang Xing's recommendation. But it wasn't like Teacher Ye didn't have an impression of Wang Ling. During the previous spirit sword exchange meet at Number 59 High School, he had felt that Wang Ling's luck was especially good. Maybe this time... he could also go into battle as a mascot?

"Student Wang Ling, will you join us?"

After Fang Xing's recommendation, Teacher Ye looked at Wang Ling with an expression full of hope and sincerity.

Wang Ling: "..."

He had actually heard Chen Chao mention the district school sports meet before. But for a sports meet at this level, Wang Ling had felt that there was no way he would fill one of the limited spots as a school representative. He usually kept a low profile in school, and his PE grades were straight down the middle. Furthermore, there were quite a number of new Grade One students this year who were sports talents, including Chen Chao.

Now that he thought about it carefully, Wang Ling felt like he had sold himself out.

What a strange flag he had raised 1 for himself!

1("立 flag" has a similar meaning to being a jinx.) In the end, Wang Ling agreed to do it...

Of course, he had been compelled to agree.

...

After school that day, Fang Xing walked out of the school gate still surrounded by a bunch of girls. Wang Ling was also leaving school at the same time. Anyway, he was quite a distance away from Fang Xing. For such an eye-catching person, Wang Ling felt that for the moment, the less contact they had with each other, the better.

Wang Ling could have initially chosen to teleport home, but it just so happened that the old man had come to town today to visit several of his disciples from when he had worked at that first-class hotel before, so he stopped by to pick up Wang Ling on Sheep the tricycle. The most curious thing was that Er Ha had also come along.

His gaze passing through to the zebra crossing in front of Number 60 High School, Wang Ling saw the old man waiting across the road on a recently serviced Sheep; with the addition of a green-furred akita lying about lazily and wagging its tail, this image really looked a little bizarre.

The old man had parked in quite a conspicuous spot, and was actually visible to a lot of people, so as soon as school was over, Wang Ling picked up his bag and immediately left the classroom; he wanted to leave quickly, conveniently avoiding Fang Xing.

"What's the matter, Ling Ling? Why do you look so panicked?" The old man thought it was a little strange.

Er Ha looked up at Wang Ling and blinked in surprise. It felt that its Little Master Ling didn't seem to be himself today. But very quickly, when it saw Fang Xing say goodbye to that bunch of girls on the other side of the road and then start walking step by step toward them, it instantly guessed what had probably happened...

This should have been Er Ha's first time seeing Fang Xing, but it felt it was very strange.

Fang Xing's aura felt indescribably familiar.

As if Er Ha had smelled it from somewhere before...

"Ling Ling, is this your classmate?" The old man stared at the approaching Fang Xing for quite a while.

Soon after that, he gave his first impression of Fang Xing: "Your classmate... has long legs!"

Wang Ling: "..."

Though the old man was getting along in years and had once had dementia, his sense of aesthetics was as sharp as ever. After Father Wang had taught him how to use video-on-demand, he had been constantly studying the otaku culture of today's youth; he could be considered a pretty trendy old man.

"Hello, grandfather. Are you here to pick up Wang Ling?" Fang Xing drew close and greeted him warmly.

Wang Ling saw the old man nod and raise his hand to give the "okay" sign.

Wang Ling: "..."

Fang Xing laughed brightly. "Grandfather, you're so interesting."

"You and our Ling Ling aren't in the same class, right? I don't think I saw you in the class photo taken at the start of the semester," said the old man.

"My name is Fang Xing. I'm new, and I only just enrolled here the day before yesterday," Fang Xing answered.

...So he was a transfer student!

The old man was enlightened... To suddenly transfer schools halfway through the semester, the connections and money behind this person most likely weren't a simple matter. Furthermore, the old man had already painted an image of Fang Xing's parents in his mind. He recalled a line from a skit: Big head and thick neck; if you're not a tycoon, then you're a chef 2 .

2(This is from a famous Chinese New Year skit called "Mai Guai" or'Selling Crutches .. ') Hence, if this Classmate Fang Xing's parents weren't rich people, then they might be chefs!

Instantly, the old man felt that he had found common ground with Fang Xing.

"..."

Wang Ling already didn't know what to say about the old man's strange way of thinking.

"Student Fang, you're not in the same class as Ling Ling, but you're still schoolmates. I hope you'll take good care of our Ling Ling in the future." The old man looked at Fang Xing and smiled.

"Don't worry, grandfather. Classmate Wang Ling and I will be representing the school at the district sports meet in two weeks. I'll take very good care of him." While Fang Xing said this, he still had a harmless smile on his face and his eyes were creased into slits, deep with meaning.

But that was what was weird...

When Wang Ling read his mind, he couldn't find the slightest bit of ill intent in Fang Xing's head.

This was the strangest person that he had ever met...

After chatting with the old man for a while, Fang Xing suddenly noticed the food in the tricycle's freight; these were fresh meat and vegetables that the old man's disciples had forcefully sent him off with when he had left the hotel earlier. They filled up half of the tricycle; there were various types of vegetables and fruits, and even a large preserved ham, which was packed in a vacuum bag with the words "Specially Made By Kikkaro Restaurant" on it.

"Is grandfather a chef?" Fang Xing asked curiously.

"Yes, but I'm already retired. I'm old and quickly becoming unable to handle a ladle." The old man smiled.

"What a coincidence!"

When he heard the old man's response, Fang Xing looked pleasantly surprised. "Grandfather, do you know, my family actually runs a noodles shop."

"Oh? Noodles shop? What type of noodles do you sell?" The old man was suddenly interested.

Fang Xing: "All kinds of noodles! But the most famous noodles in our shop is the beef tendon noodles personally handmade by Lanzhou shifu . And we weave the beef tendon noodles into the shape of instant noodles and fry them at high temperatures so that in the end, they become crispy noodle snacks!"

The old man: "..."

Er Ha: "..."

Wang Ling: "!!!"





Chapter 263 The Phantom Sixth Man... Lie Mengmeng!


Wang Ling didn't know whether Fang Xing's appearance was a coincidence, but he had to admit that nobody had ever created such large waves in his life before. After school was over on Wednesday, the old man had only exchanged a few words with Fang Xing before they'd already become the best of pals... this made Wang Ling wonder deeply who the old man's real grandchild was.

It had always been said that food could bring people closer together. Wang Ling had always felt that this was a matter of debate. After all, not all milk was deluxe milk 1 , and not all food was so good it would make you want to tear your clothes off 2 .

1(This basically means not all things are equal..)

2(This refers to when someone eats something so good in the food anime 'Shokugeki no Souma' that it's like theyʼd eaten an aphrodisiac.) Wang Ling maintained a very high level of calm, especially in front of Fang Xing.

He was amazed when he realized that this was the first time ever that he was able to keep his cool in the face of the sugar-coated bullet that was "crispy noodle snacks."

...

The old man went out early in the morning on the weekend on June 25th.

After their meeting on Wednesday, Fang Xing and the old man had exchanged contact information. Furthermore, Fang Xing had warmly invited the old man to visit his family's noodles shop on the weekend to compare notes on cooking and at the same time debate the art of cuisine from a theoretical point of view.

According to the old man, while it was Fang Xing's parents who ran the noodles shop, Fang Xing would usually help their noodles expert hand-pull the noodles on the weekends if he was free.

When he was about to leave, the old man even specially came to Wang Ling's room with the intent of inviting him along, but because he didn't want to come into contact with Fang Xing too much, Wang Ling chose to "play dead" inside his room. In the end, the old man knocked on the door for a long time without getting any response, and so left on his own.

Wang Ling watched the old man ride away on Sheep. When he left, Wang Ling got Er Ha to follow the old man in order to keep him safe.

Of course, there was another reason why Wang Ling had gotten Er Ha to go, and that was to have it feel out Fang Xing. People who harboured ill intentions usually had an evil aura, and Er Ha, who had once been a demon king, was pretty sensitive to this kind of aura.

After watching the old man disappear from view on Sheep, Wang Ling finally sighed softly.

When he opened his room door, he bumped directly into Lie Mengmeng.

It was obvious that Lie Mengmeng and Father Wang were pretty much done with going through the manuscript. Father Wang was now doing the final edit of the first three hundred thousand words of his new book, The Live Streaming Life of the Immortal King , which would be released directly online in a week. Following that, he was going to hold a guru press conference.

Lie Mengmeng had been constantly popping into the Wang family's small villa in the last few days, and he had spent most of the time holed up in the study with Father Wang as he tirelessly proofread the manuscript. Apart from that, Wang Ling hadn't seen him anywhere else in the house. Even at mealtimes, it was Mother Wang who prepared portions for two people and delivered them to the study.

To be honest, Lie Mengmeng's presence was very weak, and in some sense, he was like the phantom sixth man 3 .

3(This is the nickname of the titular character in the sports anime 'Kuroko no Basketball,' the joke being that hardly anyone can sense him when he's around ..) Lie Mengmeng had deep dark circles under his eyes, and his hair was a complete mess, sticking up all over the place like a hedgehog. That was because he had been up until very late last night proofreading the manuscript before directly falling asleep on the sofa in the study. He had just woken up, and saw Wang Ling as soon as he opened the door.

"Ah, Wang Ling... morning!" Lie Mengmeng yawned. He was around one hundred and eighty centimeters tall and had a skinny build. Furthermore, he had been staying up all night in the study with Father Wang several days in a row, which made Wang Ling wonder if this person was going to pass out any time now.

"Little Song, are you awake?"

Mother Wang heard Lie Mengmeng's voice, and hurriedly called for him from downstairs. "You've worked hard. Come down and eat first, you're probably hungry!"

"It's fine, it's fine, I'm just doing my job. Elder sister, I've really troubled you!"

Feeling very apologetic, Lie Mengmeng went downstairs to greet Mother Wang, and he even bowed repeatedly when he saw her, as bashful as when he'd first started coming here.

"How is it coming along?" Mother Wang came out with a plate of dumplings and put them in front of Lie Mengmeng.

Speaking on this, Lie Mengmeng perked up although he had just woken up. "Brother Situ's book this time is really awesome! It's definitely going to be big once it's released! I think it won't be difficult at all for it to surpass Release That Wet Nurse! "

He ignored the dumplings in front of him in favor of blathering on. "Although live streaming is an overused trope, it's still a main theme in light and easy series. Brother Situ has already accumulated a wealth of experience with Release That Wet Nurse , and is more skillful in handling the new book now! It plays around with a lot of gags, and also incorporates live streaming elements and parody. Besides that, the plot is really super amazing! It's about the daily life of an invincible high school student!"

Wang Ling: "..."

"In order to keep a low profile, the protagonist chose a fairly ordinary high school, but due to a freak combination of factors, he wound up entering the ordinary high school's elite stream. During the Dao talismans lesson in the first week of school, he carelessly summoned a demon king, which the protagonist then subdued and made his pet. Just thinking about it now, I still find it very interesting!"

Lie Mengmeng laughed with immense delight. "Moreover, after some discussion with Brother Situ, I feel that we can use this subject matter to produce an unparalleled book series. When he writes his books in the future, each one will have an invincible protagonist. He'll write each of their stories in detail, then in the end write a final book which brings all these protagonists together as they compete for the Holy Grail!"

Wang Ling: "..."

The familiar-sounding plot made Mother Wang laugh hollowly. "...Ha ha, as long as the two of you are happy!"

Wang Ling already had no strength left to ridicule the situation. "..."

It was the first time that he had seen someone sell out their son so thoroughly.

...

Mother Wang had put forty dumplings in the pot, but Lie Mengmeng's stomach was unusually small. After just ten dumplings, he rubbed his belly, already feeling that he couldn't eat any more. He looked at Mother Wang. "Elder sister, should we call Brother Situ to come down to eat? He was still asleep when I came down earlier..."

Mother Wang sighed. "Let him sleep. He's been exhausted these last two days. I started the chicken stew just now; by the time he wakes up, it'll be pretty much done, and the both of you can have some then."

"Oh, okay, thank you, elder sister." Lie Mengmeng smiled, revealing a mouth full of big white teeth.

"You've been busy the last few nights, do you want to go wash up first?" asked Mother Wang as she looked at Lie Mengmeng's messy hair.

"Oh, I couldn't possibly impose on you further..."

"It's fine, it's fine. You've been here so many times, why are you still acting like a young lady?" Mother Wang put her hands on her hips and smiled a little helplessly. "There are new toothbrushes and cups in the bottom cupboard in the bathroom on the second floor; why don't you go look for them in a bit? You and your Brother Situ should be about the same size, I'll find you some clothes later."

Lie Mengmeng flushed. "Then... thank you so much, elder sister."

"You're welcome!"

Mother Wang waved her hand. "The weather is turning cold now. I'll give you a pair of long johns too, remember to put them on!"

Lie Mengmeng: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 264 Who Says All Novel Editors Are Damn Fat Nerds?!


It was still quite early at around eight o'clock. While Wang Ling ate some boiled dumplings for breakfast, he skimmed through the group chat and noticed that it was very lively that morning. Dharmaraja had opened a can of worms by talking about Devil Valley.

Wang Ling had heard of this legendary secret land before, but it was unfortunate that it appeared very rarely. Additionally, this legend had basically come about through rumors in the cultivation circle, which in turn appeared most often in WeChat Moments. No one had ever seen it with their own eyes, and according to reliable statistics, it had appeared fewer times than the Gate Between Worlds.

Wang Ling was thus very interested in this mystical land. At the same time, he was actually looking for Lord Thunder in relation to another matter.

The giant troll arm which had been severed by the closing of the Gate Between Worlds during the joint military training exercise for the six schools a few days ago was still in his vision field. This was the limb of a demon king, and even in the vision field, it wouldn't decompose.

But honestly speaking, it wasn't of any use to Wang Ling.

Certainly, this demon king's arm would actually be very valuable to a cultivator. Unfortunately, however, neither Father Wang nor Mother Wang could enjoy it. Even if it was just one limb, the demon energy it contained was too dense. If an ordinary person ingested just one mouthful of it, they definitely wouldn't be able to withstand the impact of the demon energy, and their body would explode, resulting in their death.

Hence, Wang Ling thought it was best to hand it over to Thunder for recycling as soon as possible.

The arm of a demon king troll, from tendon to bone, was priceless.

Luo Chuang could use the bones in refining weapons, and the remaining muscles could be ground into powder for Immortal Toya to use in medicine.

...

When Lie Mengmeng went upstairs to take a shower, Mother Wang cleared the table. Wang Ling was just about to go upstairs when he heard her voice from the kitchen. "Ling Ling, there seems to be an express delivery at the front door. Check and see if it's for you."

Someone had sent him something?

Wang Ling hesitated; he couldn't think of anyone who would send him something. And now... even the delivery person had come and gone like a thief, leaving as soon as they had put down the package and without even asking for a signature to confirm the delivery. Just the thought of it was intriguing.

As expected, when he reached the door, Wang Ling discovered that an express delivery package had been left on the ground.

It was wrapped tightly enough that it could be described as airtight. It was a thin cardboard box actually wrapped in a black iron membrane that was in turn wrapped in a thick layer of plastic. In other words, only a cultivator, and not an ordinary person, would be able to open this express package.

Given the quality and durability of the black iron membrane, you had to be at the Core Formation stage at least if you wanted to open this package without using a magic treasure.

But... who on earth had sent this to him?

The sender's name on the package was a string of asterisks, so clearly it had been handled anonymously.

Wang Ling thought it was very strange and also a little suspicious, because he hadn't sensed anyone at all passing by the villa earlier. It was very clear that the delivery employee was likely an expert, and furthermore was very good at concealing themselves, so Wang Ling had been negligent, and had been caught unawares.

Wang Ling picked up the package. After listening for any sounds, he gave it an abrupt shake. The contents of the package had also been treated with extreme care, and there wasn't the slightest trace of movement inside. Wang Ling then opened his Heavenly Eye to look directly inside the package and confirm that it didn't contain anything dangerous like bombs.

It actually contained a very small USB drive.

After some contemplation, he used his fingernails to cut open the package as easily as if he was cutting through tofu.

"Elder sister, your water heater is so amazing! It actually uses a smart sensor thermostat! When I started feeling a little cold, it immediately warmed up!" As Lie Mengmeng come downstairs, he sang the praises of the smart water heater that had been developed through Wang Ming's research.

Lie Mengmeng was wearing a long-sleeved shirt and jeans which belonged to Father Wang; under the collar, Wang Ling could just see the bright red long johns which Lie Mengmeng was wearing inside.

"Don't be shy, make yourself at home," Mother Wang replied.

The water heater Lie Mengmeng was talking about was probably one of the very few things in the Wang family home which Wang Ling hadn't enlightened. The Wang family's small villa had three bathrooms, and apart from his own ensuite toilet, Wang Ling hadn't touched the others.

The water heater had been installed above the infrared heater in the bathroom. If Wang Ling had transformed this guy into a goblin with its own awareness, it would be weird to be stared at every day when you were taking a bath.

After his bath, Lie Mengmeng was in much better spirits. His eyes were so sharp that when he saw the USB in Wang Ling's hand, he recognized the logo on it at a glance, and his expression turned excited. "Isn't that the new game, Escape? !"

"..."

Wang Ling never expected that this USB would have just a game on it. He had initially thought that it would contain something like "educational videos" on human reproduction...

"I've seen the previews for this game. According to the deity lord in the game, once you complete each of the tasks given and survive the checkpoints, you win after reaching the last point!" Lie Mengmeng stared at the USB in Wang Ling's hand, his face full of envy. "But the game hasn't been officially released on the market, and whatever is being released now are all advanced editions. How on earth did you get it?"

Wang Ling looked at the USB in bewilderment, and seriously wondered if this game had been sent to the wrong person.

After all, he loved studying so much!

"A lot of people can participate in this game at the same time! Do you want... to give it a go?" Lie Mengmeng stared at the USB and swallowed. Wang Ling felt that if he didn't hold this otaku back, he would definitely eat this USB.

Looking at Lie Mengmeng's expression, Wang Ling suddenly recalled when Father Wang had once said that all editors were in fact damn fat nerds1 ... but now, Wang Ling could see how Lie Mengmeng was different to other editors - it turned out that there weren't just damn fat nerds, but there were also damn skinny nerds!

1(As a reminder, this is a literal translation of a phrase a girl used to mock guys who only know how to play games, and which has since become a meme.) Unable to withstand Lie Mengmeng's hot gaze, Wang Ling could only take the other man back to his bedroom, turn on the computer, and put in the USB.

In less than a minute, the game called Escape had automatically been installed onto the computer.

Once the progress bar was full, the game window popped up directly.

Normally, Wang Ling seldom played games, but he was still stunned by how refined this game was; after it loaded, the entire interface was directly projected from the computer screen as it enveloped the whole room, creating a holographic effect!

"This game is too awesome!" Lie Mengmeng was very excited. "The computer graphics are so well done. This USB is a piece of black technology!"

Wang Ling didn't say anything as the scenery around him fluctuated.

Then, a line of scarlet words suddenly appeared in the void in front of him.

"Want to understand the meaning of life? Want to live... a real life 2 ?"

2(This is a line from a scene in the first chapter of the web novel 'Terror Infinity' which has become something of a meme in itself ..) "..."

For some reason, Wang Ling felt like he had heard these words before.





Chapter 265 Only Learning Can Make You Happy?


These scarlet words were projected into the void, and Wang Ling could even detect the real smell of blood from them. If this was just the game's special effects, then it was really too realistic!

He frowned, and had a vague sense of foreboding.

In contrast, Lie Mengmeng was clearly very excited, because the game's actual quality far exceeded his expectations. This kind of high-tech holographic technology which involved connecting a USB to a computer screen to directly create projections wasn't actually anything difficult to implement nowadays. However, to achieve this level of realism, Lie Mengmeng guessed that an advanced illusion spell must have been integrated into the technology.

Generally, ordinary people wouldn't be able to play this kind of game, which incorporated cultivation spells in order to make it more authentic. But Escape was different; from the latest game preview last month, it was currently the only MMORPG in the world to allow unrestricted participation.

Under the scarlet characters were two options, "yes" and "no."

Lie Mengmeng looked in the direction of "yes," and very quickly the game's loading screen started up.

A string of words appeared in the void.

"Do you think that only learning can make you happy?

"Do you think that only studying every day will make you feel good?

"Do you think that if you don't study for a day, you'll be completely miserable?

"Completely wrong! ...Actually, there's nothing wrong with playing games!

"In moderation, games are good for the brain, while it's game addiction that's harmful to your health..."

"..."

Staring at this slightly evasive warning about addiction, the corners of Wang Ling's mouth couldn't help twitching. After that, he saw the final loading image, which was a logo of two axes crossed together. Below it were the words: "Trademark of Fresh Hatchet Technology."

It was only when Lie Mengmeng saw this that he started to think it was a little strange; from memory, Escape wasn't produced by this games company... However, he was so drawn in by the game as it unfolded that he actually very quickly forgot about this issue altogether.

Following the plot, Wang Ling and Lie Mengmeng appeared in an ambulance that was on its way to an asylum.

"You are the second group of test subjects to have been sent to this world, and also the most outstanding batch." A voice came from the side.

Wang Ling turned his head to see an old man in a white coat staring at him. He looked to be in his fifties or sixties and had a thin figure. He was wearing a pair of spectacles, and a full string of syringes hung around his waist, which looked very odd.

Lie Mengmeng knew that this was definitely some type of Frankenstein setup. This was also his first time encountering an NPC 1 in a holographic environment, so he couldn't help reaching out to touch the man.

1(Non Player Characters are the computer-generated characters in a game ..) It was too realistic; this was too cool!

"Before I explain the mission..."

The corner of the old man's mouth twitched, and he couldn't help but look at Lie Mengmeng. "Please take this a little more seriously... can you stop pinching my face first?"

"Oh, sorry!" Lie Mengmeng hastily withdrew his hand.

"..."

The old man was silent for a bit as he looked at the two of them. "You must have already realized that you're under a very strong illusion spell. I'm sending you to an asylum, and the effects of this illusion won't wear off until you've completed the deity lord's mission. Your mission is to fight alongside the other team that will also arrive at the asylum and escape the place."

"An ongoing illusion spell?" Lie Mengmeng was a little surprised. Escape was indeed the only MMORPG in the world to incorporate spells in order to make it more realistic, but he never thought that the game would actually have a mechanism where you wouldn't be able to leave until you completed the mission.

"In other words, if we don't complete the mission, we can't quit the game, right?" asked Lie Mengmeng as he looked at the old man.

"That's right."

The old man's expression was enigmatic as he gave them a sinister smile.

"Then... what if your mom calls you to go eat?" Lie Mengmeng couldn't help ridiculing.

Wang Ling: "..."

The old man: "..."

"What if someone hasn't finished their homework?"

The old man: "..."

"If someone can't pass a checkpoint, will you still forcibly keep them inside? This mechanism is too unscientific!"

"..."

The old man broke out in a sweat and the expression on his face suddenly turned extremely fierce. "The game is the game! Before you complete it, don't even think of leaving! And let me tell you, in this illusion, you can feel pain, get hurt, and even die..."

"Die?"

When Lie Mengmeng heard this, he was finally stunned.

The old man chuckled. "How? Are you afraid now?"

Lie Mengmeng's next words almost caused the old man to vomit blood. "Damn! You even have a revival token mechanism in this game?"

The old man felt like he was going crazy. "..."

Suddenly, he pulled out a syringe and ruthlessly jabbed the back of Lie Mengmeng's hand. The cold needle pierced Lie Mengmeng's skin, making him feel a real stab of pain, and he yelled despite himself. "Hurts hurts hurts..."

He realized that his hand was actually really bleeding!

Seeing how Lie Mengmeng was bleeding and had clearly felt the pain, Wang Ling finally realized that there was something fishy about this game.

This illusion spell was very unusual!

Generally, an illusion would automatically fracture when a person felt pain, but this illusion spell was obviously more advanced, and was the kind that was able to penetrate deep into a person's consciousness.

Wang Ling was now utterly sure that this Escape absolutely wasn't the one that Lie Mengmeng had heard of... but was a deadly contest disguised as a game.

Thanks to that USB, whoever received this game would enter this illusion.

Was this a prank?

Wang Ling's eyes suddenly turned serious.

In just a short instant, he had already thought of a way to break the illusion and leave without any problems. However, he couldn't intervene for anyone else trapped in the game. He had to find a way to help Lie Mengmeng break the illusion spell.

Unfortunately, however, Lie Mengmeng was completely unaware of how serious the situation was. This damn otaku rubbed the place where the old man had jabbed him and asked, "What did you inject in me?"

"Hehehe, does it hurt?" The old man sneered and said, "What I just gave you is a neurotoxin, which will spread in twenty-four hours! If you make it to the final checkpoint, you'll get a hint about the antidote."

Wang Ling narrowed his eyes slightly. It was as he had expected... this toxin was real!

He could clearly see traces of the neurotoxin as it sank into the back of Lie Mengmeng's hand to enter his bloodstream.

"Hehehe, now then..." The old man finally turned his gaze to Wang Ling, and at the same time plunged the syringe ruthlessly into Wang Ling's hand. "It's your turn!"

But very quickly, he discovered a serious problem!

He realized... that his syringe couldn't pierce Wang Ling's skin at all!

It turned into an embarrassing scene...





Chapter 266 RuleBreakers


It turned into an embarrassing scene.

When the old man pulled the syringe back, he saw that the needle was bent. His face was as black as pickled vegetables in sauce.

When all was said and done, he was just an NPC, and was unable to consider matters beyond his realm of understanding... according to the game's script, he would inject neurotoxin into every person who entered the game world while they were in the ambulance, then drop this group of people off at an asylum, where they had to find a way to escape while being chased and hindered by a bunch of zombies, in order to finally find a cure.

Hence, the old man could only continue stabbing Wang Ling's hand with the syringe like Wet Nurse Rong 1 ...

1(Wet Nurse Rong is a character in the TV drama series "My Fair Princess" who serves the Empress. When the Empress dies, she commits suicide by stabbing herself ..) In the end, the old man used up all his syringes.

"..."

When he looked at Wang Ling's long, thin fingers and at the clear and unmarred skin on the back of his hand, the old man finally gave up thinking.

Wang Ling: "..."

Lie Mengmeng: "..."

...

Around five minutes later, the ambulance slowly drove through the iron gates of the asylum, which looked extremely rundown. It was now night in the game, and coupled with the rustling of trees in the shadows around them and the sound of strange cries, it gave the whole game a creepier atmosphere.

After the ambulance drove through the asylum's iron gates, Wang Ling and Lie Mengmeng noticed sheets of an old newspaper scattered next to the water fountain in the center of the asylum's courtyard. Based on typical game routine, this old newspaper would contain information related to the plot. Initially, it should have been the old man who would explain these details after giving them the injections.

But because he hadn't been able to give Wang Ling an injection, the old man in the ambulance had "crashed" just like that.

At that time, Lie Mengmeng had been extremely stupefied.

He hadn't expected the game to actually have such a strange computer bug...

Lie Mengmeng picked up the newspaper to take a look, and was able to glean some useful information. "The plot should be the same as the main headline. This asylum has been infected by a biochemical agent, and all the patients have turned into monsters. What we have to do is collect relevant clues about the antidote, and as much as possible avoid the monsters that will be chasing us, before finally escaping the asylum."

Lie Mengmeng pointed at the asylum's main entrance. "After we enter from here, we should be able to find a night vision camera and some batteries in one of the wards. According to the deity lord's mission brief, when we complete each task, we'll get points which we can exchange for additional battery charges."

Hearing this, Wang Ling nodded his head.

It was actually quite a typical gaming plot, but the main point was that this wasn't an ordinary game, and players could get hurt or die in it. Thus, to break the illusion spell on everyone else, the key was to find the deity lord who ruled over the game.

Wang Ling quietly opened his Heavenly Eye, and saw the various types of nomological rules that had been woven into the game world.

This game had obviously been created by an Almighty. Above the Soul Formation stage were realms like the Ascension stage and the Void Refinement stage, and the people above these realms were collectively given the titles Perfected Being, Itinerant Immortal and True Immortal.

This world had been created by an Itinerant Immortal. Although they weren't on the level of someone like General Yi, they still couldn't be underestimated.

As for the deity lord, there were no rules concerning him that Wang Ling could glean. Under the camouflage of the game, it was very difficult to pin down the deity lord's true form. Wang Ling gave a silent sigh. The only option he could see right now was to wait for the deity lord to show himself before Wang Ling could make a move.

While he was thinking, another ambulance drove through the iron gates.

This was the other team which the old man in the ambulance had mentioned previously.

"Little sprout, what is this place?" Wang Ling saw a fat man clamber noisily down from the ambulance, followed by a young man in white.

When Wang Ling saw these two individuals, his eyebrows immediately drew together. He never expected that this team would actually be made up of Luo Chuang and Lord Thunder...

"Ah! Why are Brother Ling and Brother Song also here?"

The instant the young man in white saw Wang Ling and Lie Mengmeng, he immediately looked pleasantly surprised.

Because he had visited the Wang family many times before, Lie Mengmeng was quite familiar to him. This was the editor in charge of Great Senior Wang, whose real name was Song Zikai! It was impossible for Lord Thunder to forget him!

It was clear that these two were already half-friends. While they usually didn't exchange many words, they often ran into each other at the Wang family's small villa.

"How did you get here?" Lie Mengmeng asked curiously.

"In the morning, when I was at Luo Chuang's shop, he suddenly received an express delivery. We opened it to take a look, and then somehow found ourselves here." Lord Thunder scratched his head and smiled. "An old man tried to inject us with something in the ambulance just now. Then, I just acted a little in self-defense..."

"..." Wang Ling took a look.

Then, he noticed the ambulance that Lord Thunder had ridden in on.

He saw that the old man in the back of the ambulance had also "crashed." Furthermore, his body was stuck full of needles.

Wang Ling: "..."

...

If the script developed in typical fashion, then as Lie Mengmeng had said, after the NPC old man in the ambulance injected them with the neurotoxin and sent them to the asylum, the plot should then move forward.

If they followed the script direction, after the old man injected them with the neurotoxin, the game would straightaway maneuver the ambulance to directly burst through the asylum's main doors... Most unfortunately, however, it had already been game over for the NPC old men one after another before the script could unfold normally.

In front of the asylum doors, Luo Chuang looked at their surroundings, a slightly gloomy expression on his face.

The instant that Luo Chuang and Lord Thunder had entered the game, they had already known that it absolutely wasn't a normal one. It had been refashioned using the foundation of the original Escape game; even the game developer was different.

"I'm sorry to have gotten you involved. This was probably targeted at me." Luo Chuang's expression was a little downcast.

"Why is Brother Luo so sure?" Lord Thunder thought it was a little strange.

"Two days ago, I received a threatening letter, but I didn't take it seriously at the time." Luo Chuang laughed a little. "But I never thought that the other party would actually use this type of method to force me to come here. I heard previously that other people in the same smithing line of work also received the same letter, so I'm guessing that there are other people here besides the four of us."

"What's the other party's objective?" Lord Thunder asked.

"I'm not sure what their objective is, but one thing is for certain, and that is that they're looking for a smith. Anyone who has something to do with refining weapons has been caught up in this. You've been to my shop before, which is probably why you got pulled into it." Luo Chuang squinted. "This illusion spell is very powerful; we probably won't be able to get out with our strength alone, so for now, we can only follow the game's script and see how it goes..."

Lord Thunder looked solemnly at Lie Mengmeng. "Don't worry, Brother Song, we'll protect you!"

However, Lie Mengmeng seemed unaware of the danger. This damn otaku stood at the entrance and gazed at the shut doors of the asylum as he asked, "So how do we get in? According to the script, it should have been the old man to maneuver the ambulance to crash directly through the doors."

"Er... is that the only way to set the plot in motion?" Lord Thunder stroked his chin.

"In theory, yes." Lie Mengmeng nodded without hesitation.

Hearing this, Wang Ling had a relieved expression on his face.

Actually, doing it this way was better. And so, after Lie Mengmeng said this, he saw Wang Ling walk toward the ambulances behind them.

He saw Wang Ling pick up one of the ambulances with one arm and fling it straight at the asylum's main entrance like a baseball pitch...

Bang!

The asylum's doors were smashed open.

At that moment, Lie Mengmeng didn't know if it was just his imagination, but it seemed like he had heard someone say a faint "MMP" in the air!





Chapter 267 A Renminbi Player Has No Fear0


0(Players who spend a lot of money in and outside a game.) The voice might have been his imagination, but it had felt faintly real, like someone breathing into his ear, and Lie Mengmeng shivered despite himself... Why had he heard someone say "MMP"?

Who on earth was it?

But Lie Mengmeng already had no time to investigate the truth, because the main doors of the asylum had already been smashed open with an ambulance. He knew Wang Ling was studying at a Foundation Establishment high school, but when he saw Wang Ling pick up the ambulance with his own eyes, the image still gave him an uncontrollable shock.

"Wow! Are all senior high school students at the Foundation Establishment stage this strong?!" It was very obvious that Lie Mengmeng knew very little about Wang Ling.

On the side, Luo Chuang and Lord Thunder's lips twitched in unison when they heard Lie Mengmeng, because not all Foundation Establishment cultivators were this strong; it was just Wang Ling.

Although Lie Mengmeng wasn't an outsider and was also very familiar with Father Wang, it had already become an unspoken rule to not mention Wang Ling's true realm to the uninitiated. Both Luo Chuang and Lord Thunder were very clear on this, so when the two of them had seen Wang Ling and Lie Mengmeng, they had addressed Wang Ling as Brother Ling.

After the main doors were successfully smashed open with the ambulance, the game's plot was smoothly set into motion. When Wang Ling and the others entered the asylum, they saw the back of a figure with dishevelled hair.

It looked like a girl who was still wearing the blue and white stripes of the hospital gown, but it was very obvious that there was something wrong with her mentally. She stood in one corner with her back to Wang Ling and the others, mumbling to herself.

It was quite a horrifying scene. This wasn't just a deadly game, but one combined with horror elements.

Even though Wang Ling hadn't thought that he would be frightened, this still made him a little uncomfortable.

In contrast, Lie Mengmeng was clearly a veteran, and he looked very excited as he directly rushed toward the girl. "She should be able to guide us to the room with the night vision camera. According to the script, once we find the camera, the last bit of power in the hospital will completely go out, and we'll only be able to rely on the night vision camera to move forward."

"This game is really troublesome!" Lord Thunder sighed.

If they could only use that night vision camera to move the plot forward, then the Heavenly Eye wouldn't be much use in this vast environment.

"Next, we just need to touch the girl and the plot should move forward." Lie Mengmeng stretched out his hand to place it on the girl's frail shoulder.

In the next moment, the girl jerked and turned toward him as if she'd been electrocuted. Her messy hair parted, and Lie Mengmeng could clearly see her mad, distorted face.

Her face was completely blistered as if she had been burned. She shrieked wildly, and from this angle, they could clearly see this madwoman's jagged shark teeth.

Lie Mengmeng was already used to this type of jump scare in a game, but in this extremely realistic environment, it still made him gasp.

Frightened, he withdrew his hand, but the madwoman was quicker and grabbed his arm. Lie Mengmeng didn't expect such a frail girl to be so strong!

"Not good!" Lord Thunder cried out in alarm. But it was too late. The madwoman already had a firm hold of Lie Mengmeng's arm, and she opened her mouth to bite him savagely with her bloody fangs!

However, there was a " galala " sound, and very quickly, the madwoman's eyes widened with shock.

Because there was a golden light wrapped around Lie Mengmeng's arm, and the moment she had bitten into it, the golden light had vibrated, then shattered her teeth.

In a flash, her teeth were gone...

Lie Mengmeng: "..."

Lord Thunder: "..."

Luo Chuang: "..."

...

Even Wang Ling couldn't deny that sometimes, karma was a magical thing.

If Lie Mengmeng hadn't been going over the manuscript with Father Wang, he wouldn't have forgotten to bath for a few days, until Mother Wang had told him to clean up his messy appearance; if he hadn't cleaned up, he wouldn't have changed into the long johns which Mother Wang had given him; if he hadn't put those long johns on, the madwoman wouldn't have lost her teeth...

Fortunately, even if the madwoman's teeth were gone, the plot was still proceeding smoothly.

What kind of scene was this?

A toothless madwoman with a heartbroken expression led the way. This made Wang Ling sincerely feel that there was something mystical about this scene.

"So far, the plot is the same as the trial version I played!"

As Lie Mengmeng had said, the madwoman guided them to a small room before she left silently. "When we enter, we should be able to find the night vision camera that will move the plot forward."

Lord Thunder nodded. Worried that something unexpected would happen again, he took the lead in opening the door. However, nothing happened, and instead, it was unexpectedly calm.

Luo Chuang found the night vision camera Lie Mengmeng had mentioned on the floor, along with a medical evaluation report.

Having played the trial version of the game, Lie Mengmeng was very familiar with the contents of the report. "If I recall correctly, this evaluation report has to do with that madwoman. The story in the demo version was the abridged edition; now, I can finally have a good look at the main plot!"

"What does it say?" Lord Thunder asked.

"In short, according to the evaluation report, this madwoman had been admitted to the asylum after domestic violence caused her to develop a psychiatric disorder. Her husband used to beat her with a magic weapon, so trying to bite my right arm earlier was actually one way she resisted the abuse after she went insane." Speaking of this, Lie Mengmeng recalled that terrifying scene when the madwoman had bitten him, and he couldn't help shuddering. "There's also some information on her husband in the report. He's a professional gamer, but because he often lost competitions and had a bad temper, he developed a habit of beating his wife."

"Scumbag!" Luo Chuang and Lord Thunder said with one voice.

"And in fact, this biochemical disaster in the asylum was caused by the madwoman's husband. After the media scandal, her husband was diagnosed with a manic disorder, so he was also sent here for treatment. But he repeatedly tried to escape from the asylum while he was here, and when he was hiding in the research laboratory, he accidentally overturned a box which contained a virus, thus causing this biochemical disaster."

Speaking up to this point, Lie Mengmeng suddenly looked surprised. "Eh? The evaluation report actually mentions the magic weapon which the man used to beat his wife?"

"What is it?" Luo Chuang was very curious.

Lie Mengmeng: "It's... Death Announcement 1 ?"

1(This is the nickname of a professional gamer who was suspended from competing after a live stream of him beating his girlfriend went viral ..) Lord Thunder: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 268 Like Squeezing a Pissing Beef Ball with One Hand


"Death Announcement? What's that?" Lord Thunder thought the name sounded a little familiar.

"This is a more well-known modern type of magic treasure, shaped like a keyboard..." Luo Chuang seemed to have heard of it. "It appears that you can upgrade your rage numbers by continuously hitting and breaking things."

"..."

Wang Ling already had no energy left to mock this plot with the woman and her husband.

However, no matter how the game's plot unfolded, before the game's deity lord revealed his true nature, there was no way for Wang Ling to directly track down the deity lord's original body when the other party was still just game data. At this time, he suddenly thought of the advantages of having Little Black around. It would have been great if Little Black were here; that way, they could coordinate inside and outside the game to capture the deity lord.

But now, the only way was to wait for the deity lord to get impatient and betray himself first.

After Lie Mengmeng picked up the night vision camera, the power was directly cut off throughout the entire asylum. Whether it was the rooms or corridors, everything was pitch-dark. Even if Lie Mengmeng was a veteran player in the world of damn otakus, he still couldn't help the few drops of cold sweat that formed on his skin. "Tch... it's a little creepy!"

"Brother Luo, can you sense anyone else?" Lord Thunder asked.

"Not at the moment." Luo Chuang frowned. "I suspect that we entered a different game space to everyone else. Although we don't know what the mastermind behind all this wants, to be able to set such a large trap, his strength definitely isn't simple."

"What should we do next?"

"The trial version I played before ended here. According to the script, we have to explore the rest of this place with the night vision camera, and look for clues in order for the next part of the plot to unfold. The evaluation report also specially mentioned the ward which that madwoman's husband was in; I think we can go check that out."

Lie Mengmeng sorted out his thoughts and said, "...From the trailer I watched, it seems like there'll be zombies everywhere now that we've obtained the night vision camera. There'll be some metal cabinets and oil drums scattered throughout the game, and it would be best to hide in them when we run into zombies."

Lord Thunder: "Still want to hide? It's better to kill them directly!"

Lie Mengmeng: "...You can try."

...

Just like Lie Mengmeng had said, Escape had indeed arranged to use some zombies to hinder plot development.

The weakest were the minions with normal physiques, like the madwoman earlier; one level above them were the zombies whose bodies had already completely mutated into obese shapes, commonly known as the fatties; the final level were the lizard people, the type of zombies that could crawl rapidly on the walls. In the trial version, the players had also called them "Voldemorts"...

Holding the night vision camera, Lie Mengmeng walked down the corridor until he saw a metal cabinet, then stopped.

"Be careful, there's something up ahead..."

Although he was only a normal person, he had pretty sharp observation skills; when he saw this metal cabinet set up here for this scene, he immediately knew that the road ahead wasn't very likely to be peaceful.

In fact, Wang Ling had already sensed from afar that there were ten-odd "minions" in several of the rooms which lay ahead of the metal cabinet on the right side of the corridor; as soon as their group passed them, they would instantly rush out.

Lord Thunder said lightly, "Brother Song, don't be afraid. I'll go and take a look."

He had barely stepped past the metal cabinet on the side when a mass of bodies burst out of the rooms, staggering toward them.

"Oh my god! So many! Should we hide in the cabinet? We should definitely hide in the cabinet, right?" This scene gave Lie Mengmeng a fright.

Sure enough, the shock of seeing a bunch of zombies rush at you on screen was completely different to seeing them advance on you in real life!

"Brother Song, don't panic. Watch me kill them straightaway!"

" Boom! "

Lord Thunder flung a Skybomb Grenade at this group of zombies. Instantly the scene was enveloped in golden thunder and lightning as the horde of zombies exploded. But while they were badly mutilated, not all of them died, and those whose heads were still intact crawled forward on their arms inch by inch in the group's direction.

Even if they were just minions, their resilience was amazing. As long as their brains were intact, their bodies would be able to regenerate constantly. Before those zombies missing their lower torsos had crawled half a meter over, their new bodies had already started to come together.

Without saying a word, Lord Thunder directly strode forward and with a swipe of his sword, cut off the heads of these remaining minions.

"Sure enough, if we want to defeat these things, we have to cut off their heads?" Luo Chuang smiled slightly before also joining the fight. He was more aggressive than Thunder, and stretching out one hand to grab hold of a minion's head, he squeezed it until it burst directly.

A smith's average realm actually wasn't high; it could be said that there were a very rare few like Luo Chuang who could balance their realm and cultivation, so there were very few smiths who had the ability to protect themselves in difficult situations like this.

As Wang Ling and Lie Mengmeng watched from a distance, the heads of these minions looked extremely fragile in Luo Chuang's hand, as if he was squeezing pissing beef balls 1 ...

1(The name of a dish from the Stephen Chow film 'God of Cookery .. ') ...

Because of Lord Thunder's Skybomb Grenade earlier, nearby zombies and minions also showed up after hearing the noise, and their numbers started to grow.

"It appears these are enhanced zombies, they regenerate very quickly!" After a period of carnage, both Lord Thunder and Luo Chuang were starting to pant as they discovered a very serious problem! In this game space, combined with the illusion spell, their spirit energy wasn't being replenished!

They had been using spirit energy all this time, and without a way to replenish it, it would be exhausted sooner or later.

Because of the lack of spirit energy, Luo Chuang was obviously starting to feel a little weak... Suddenly, there was the sound of a massive shake up in front, and a figure swiftly approached them.

"A big one's coming!" Luo Chuang widened his eyes in disbelief.

It was a Voldemort, and its speed was awe-inspiring! Luo Chuang's eyes couldn't catch its movements at all!

Although he didn't know yet what this Voldemort's strength was like, based on its speed alone, its level was already above the Soul Formation stage.

After all, this was an illusion created by an Almighty at Itinerant Immortal level. This was an even trickier situation than Lord Thunder had imagined.

"How about we hide in the cabinet..." Lie Mengmeng proposed once again.

But before he finished speaking, Wang Ling had already moved forward.

This Voldemort advanced on four brawny limbs, the tendons in its arms and legs as solid as qiulong . Its eyes had already become completely deformed, the corners completely torn apart to expose their whites, and its dark red pupils were fixed on Wang Ling as Wang Ling moved forward.

After a few seconds...

This Voldemort immediately started sweating like a fountain.

Then, it directly turned around, opened the metal cabinet behind it, and straightaway hid inside.

"???" When Lie Mengmeng saw this, the "black question mark" meme flashed through his mind.

Based on the mechanics of gameplay, shouldn't they be the ones to hide in the cabinet?

What kind of play was this?





Chapter 269 "Open Cabinet and Kill" Should Also Follow The Basic Rules!


As Lie Mengmeng had said, the zombies in the Escape game fell into three categories, from minions, to fatties, to Voldemorts as the highest level. As depicted in typical zombie movies, the zombies here lacked intelligence. The reason why Voldemorts were ranked top in the game wasn't just because they were extremely fast; the key point was that they had some intelligence and could gauge how dangerous a situation was.

Hence, the instant the Voldemort locked eyes with Wang Ling...

This Voldemort's thoughts started to spin, the images flashing continuously through its mind like a film roll. People often said, no matter your species, that your best memories would flash before your eyes before you died...

However, this Voldemort quickly came to its senses, and at the same time, it started sweating like a fountain as it avoided Wang Ling's gaze.

The other party was just a teenager and didn't seem deadly... but it instinctively felt that this teenager was very dangerous, and that it was going to die!

In that moment, the Voldemort felt an immense sense of oppression. Each step that Wang Ling took toward it was like invisible pressure, and it felt a phantom force wrapped around its neck... hence, in the next instant, the Voldemort made a decision — hide in the cabinet!

As for why it wanted to hide in the cabinet...

This was because the game was designed so that the cabinet was basically a safe zone in the early stages of the game, except when the game had set up a "open cabinet and kill" trap 1 as part of the plot.

1(Basically when a player hides in an enclosed space only to be discovered by the enemy and killed ..) Hence, the Voldemort thought it would be safe to hide in the cabinet.

But very quickly, it died...

Lie Mengmeng wasn't able to clearly see how it died.

All he saw was Wang Ling open the cabinet with spirit energy from two or three meters away and curl his hand into a fist, and with a " pop ," green blood had exploded directly out of the cabinet.

Although Lie Mengmeng didn't understand exactly what had happened, he could basically guess... this was probably the legendary "open cabinet and kill"...

But the plot seemed to have been reversed!

According to gameplay, wasn't it the zombies who were supposed to open the cabinet?

This "open cabinet and kill" should also follow the basic rules!

...

After dealing with this Voldemort, Wang Ling placed each of his hands lightly on Luo Chuang and Lord Thunder's shoulders for just a moment, and the repercussions from depleting their spirit energy without realizing it wasn't being replenished instantly disappeared.

"Recovered!"

Luo Chuang squeezed his hand, and in his heart marveled at Wang Ling's prowess once again.

The circle had always called Wang Ling Perfected Being, but he had once questioned what Wang Ling's true realm was... now, speaking of true strength, Wang Ling was far from being as simple as a Perfected Being.

For the vast majority of cultivators, realm represented everything, but in truth, this wasn't right. Each cultivator had their own latent source of power which wouldn't be triggered ordinarily, but could burst out in crucial moments. As a result, legends about all kinds of trump battles flourished in the cultivation world.

As for how immense Wang Ling's latent power was... it was a mystery to both Luo Chuang and Lord Thunder.

Wang Ling looked up ahead. The initially empty corridor was full of broken bodies, and the walls were stained with fresh blood from the explosion, which made for an incredibly shocking scene.

Lie Mengmeng didn't know exactly what had happened... he only knew that it seemed he and Wang Ling had gotten embroiled in some sort of trouble. Furthermore, it had to do with the cultivation world, which he wasn't a part of at all. But the main point now was that no matter what happened, they couldn't escape.

He frowned with a look of concern.

"Brother Song, just treat this as a game. Leave the rest to us." Lord Thunder consoled him.

Lie Mengmeng swallowed, and his throat bobbed. He said, "We've cleared all the minions on the first floor. Let's check out that madwoman's husband's ward first and see if there are any other clues in there."

Both Lord Thunder and Luo Chuang nodded, and led by Lie Mengmeng, the team headed toward the second floor.

Lie Mengmeng was the only person who had played the trial version of the game. Even though it had used an abridged plot, the game map was the same, so he was relatively familiar with the environment.

On the way, he somehow felt his steps becoming a lot lighter. As he walked, it felt like there was a force under his feet that was supporting him, and his steps had changed, and felt springy soft. Furthermore, he also noticed that the needle puncture on the back of his hand from when he had been stabbed outside the hospital had unexpectedly already healed.

The truth was that this was due to the sheen of protective light that Wang Ling had cast over him.

Lie Mengmeng had on the long johns, but his head, hands and feet weren't protected. Wang Ling didn't know what sort of accident could happen in their current situation, so he had simply and directly wrapped Lie Mengmeng in a layer of protective light.

As long as nothing pierced this membrane of light, there would be no need to worry about Lie Mengmeng's safety at all.

...

When they got to the top of the stairs on the second floor, Lie Mengmeng, who was holding the night vision camera, looked at one wall and thought it was strange; there was an ornamental circle on it, when the wall had clearly been white in the trial version.

"Hm... I don't think I've seen this before." He pointed at the design circle.

Luo Chuang also noticed it, and his eyes immediately narrowed slightly.

This was because this wasn't a simple design circle.

Wang Ling looked at it carefully, and saw that its seemingly disorderly design was actually an organized assembly of interlocking elements that came together to form an array pattern. This was a complex operation that was only used in setting up a large magic array.

He now understood the trick of this game combined with the illusion spell.

When that USB from before was plugged into a computer, the notion that a person passed into the powerful illusion reflected through the computer screen was just a camouflage; the real endpoint was this Taoist magic array which had been embedded in the game. This kind of array could turn an unreal world into an independent space.

So in other words, the game world which they were in now had actually become a real space after being altered by the magic array; it was similar to a small world, but its space architecture and nomological laws were simpler.

And based on this array pattern, Wang Ling could already confirm Luo Chuang's speculation.

They weren't the only ones who had been sucked into this game space.

This was a parallel space created by the array, and there were other people experiencing the same environment in a different space.

Wang Ling stared contemplatively at this array pattern while Luo Chuang and Lord Thunder were also lost in deep thought.

Luo Chuang stretched out his hand to gently touch the array, feeling its uneven surface.

He frowned. "Where have I seen this before?"





Chapter 270 All Mensao People Like to Use Ellipses!


"Brother Luo has seen this array before?" asked Lord Thunder. Actually, he also thought that it seemed a little familiar. There had been a photo in the news several years ago that seemed similar, but he couldn't quite remember it.

"Senior Immortal, do you still remember the Heavenly Host Primary School 1 incident twelve years ago?" Suddenly, Luo Chuang brought up a noteworthy subject.

1(This is from the 2008 release of 'Corpse Party,' a horror adventure game set in a school.) On the side, Lord Thunder and Lie Mengmeng suddenly understood; only Wang Ling still wore a blank expression. Heavenly Host Primary School incident? What was that?

Twelve years ago... he had only been four years old then.

"It was a major terrorist attack back then: a group of children were sent to an old abandoned primary school, and trapped in an illusion, they were forced by the array maker to kill each other..."

Luo Chuang frowned. "I'm certain this is the same array pattern as the one in the news back then, because the incident that year and today's one have something in common: the children involved back then either had a father or mother who was a smith. Moreover, Heavenly Host Primary School back then was also a famous training institute for smiths."

"Sure enough, all of this has to do with smiths." Lord Thunder sighed.

It seemed like Lie Mengmeng was listening to something very serious. He remembered that that incident had happened just a few years after his university graduation. "But there were survivors, right?"

"There was indeed one person who survived the incident back then, and it was the children's teacher. But based on the police investigation, the teacher was not a suspect in the case, but was also one of the victims," said Luo Chuang, stroking his chin.

"Then how did the teacher escape?"

"I heard that the teacher made a sword out of mud there and then, and with one slash, directly cut the space open. But it was a pity that she took too long to make the sword, and she wasn't able to save the children..."

Made a sword out of mud?

Wang Ling lifted his eyebrows slightly as he suddenly remembered the little girl Boss Tan had mentioned, who had made the stone ghost mask out of mud.

Could this be the same person?

...

On the second floor, Wang Ling sensed that there were clearly a lot fewer minions here compared with the first floor. This was probably because the Skybomb Grenade which Lord Thunder had thrown during the intense fight had drawn the minions down from the second floor to the first floor, where they had then been killed in passing.

Though there were still three or four of them hidden in the dark on the second floor, they weren't a threat at all.

Along the way, Lie Mengmeng curiously observed their surroundings with the night vision camera to avoid missing any clues like the earlier array pattern.

As he watched Wang Ling walk silently ahead of them, he suddenly felt curious, and turned to approach Luo Chuang and Lord Thunder and ask, "By the way, how do Brother Thunder and this fat uncle know our Ling Ling?"

Luo Chuang's lips twitched. "My name is Luo Chuang... also, I'm actually the same age as your Brother Thunder."

This time, it was Lie Mengmeng's lips that twitched. "..." Luo Chuang really looked too old!

Lie Mengmeng had thought that the gap between cultivators and ordinary people was actually a very large one, but after careful observation, he instantly felt that this wasn't true. Whether it was cultivators or ordinary people, you could always find someone who looked like a parent but was actually a student... he abruptly recalled his own salad days at school.

Sighing deeply in his heart, he corrected his address and asked again, "Then how do Brother Thunder and Brother Luo know our Ling Ling?"

In Lie Mengmeng's eyes, Wang Ling was actually pretty aloof and anti-social; he wasn't the kind of person who made friends easily. Lie Mengmeng remembered when he had started going to the Wang family home in the beginning; he had taken the initiative to greet Wang Ling, but Wang Ling had always had on an expressionless face, which always reminded Lie Mengmeng of the impassive-looking statues of gods at the temple when he went to pray during the New Year — their expressions were exactly the same!

"Have you heard of the discussion forum?" They had known Wang Ling before the chat group had been formed, when the cultivation forum had just been set up, so it was quite a long story.

Lord Thunder thought for a bit. "I remember that when we founded the forum back then, it was huge on the Internet. Because we often had some big shots do some talks online, the forum attracted a lot of students. After that, there were schools that specially bought the rights to our conference lectures and turned them into teaching materials which they gave to the students directly. As time passed, there were many advertisers that wanted to sponsor our forum, and there was one small food manufacturer which sold crispy noodle snacks."

"I see..." Lie Mengmeng immediately understood.

When he heard this... or to be more precise, when he heard the three words "crispy noodle snacks," he already knew very well what had happened after that.

"Senior Immortal and Brother Ling are naturally very close; I only just made Brother Ling's acquaintance recently." Luo Chuang laughed as he looked at Lie Mengmeng. "By the way, what does Brother Song think of Brother Ling?"

"Him, hmm..."

Lie Mengmeng cupped his chin and pondered for a bit, then cupping his mouth, he whispered in Lord Thunder's ear. "Actually, I've always thought that he's a mensao 2 person. Usually when I look for him online, he always sends me ellipses... Brother Thunder, do you think all mensao people like to use ellipses?"

2(This has the same meaning a 'tsundere..') Lord Thunder couldn't agree more on this point, and nodded like a chicken pecking at rice.

At that moment, these two people shared a mutual understanding!

It was just as Lie Mengmeng had said; Thunder felt that engaging in small talk with Wang Ling was an immense amount of effort!

Every single time, he had to guess Wang Ling's intentions from those ellipses...

"Apart from that, our Ling Ling is actually a pretty good kid. He's handsome, has long legs, and is quite smart. The most important thing is that you only need to provide for him by giving him a few packets of crispy noodle snacks. Raising Wang Ling at home is stress-free and saves on money. The only bad thing about him is that you can't touch him carelessly, otherwise you'll ruffle his feathers." Staring at Wang Ling's back, Lie Meng Meng heaved a deep sigh. "If only he were a cat, I would hug him every day!"

Lord Thunder: "..."

Luo Chuang: "..."

After this speech, the scene clearly sunk into dead silence.

Roughly two minutes later, Lord Thunder also imitated Lie Mengmeng in cupping his mouth and whispering in his ear. "Hey... let me tell you something."

Lie Mengmeng: "???"

Lord Thunder: "We might be quite far from Brother Ling, but at this distance... actually, he can hear everything we're saying..."

"..."

Lie Mengmeng looked in Wang Ling's direction and abruptly realized that the latter had actually quickened his pace!

And the most mensao thing of all was that this guy had deliberately left six bloody footprints on the ground, perfectly forming an ellipsis...





Chapter 271 Do You Know What It Feels Like to Encounter a Bug?


The scene fell into awkward silence.

There was a village which lay between Jinghua city and Songhai city. After leaving Songhai city, Boss Tan's brother Tan Qian had gone there directly. The mountain behind the village was called Ninth Boundary Mountain, and there was a modern Taoist temple at the top. This was in fact one of Immortal Mansion's strongholds.

Given Tan Qian's current level, he didn't know the exact location of Immortal Mansion's headquarters; it was only if he was promoted to chief of the eastern branch that he might be able to discover its location at Immortal Mansion's executive meeting, which was held once every ten years.

Two days after his return, Tan Qian was able to perfectly suppress his addiction to the Panwu Immortal Martial Arts with the help of the bottle of sleeping pills which Lord Thunder had given him. The Panwu Immortal Martial Arts was originally a forbidden technique which consumed a cultivator's spirit and energy, numbing the body and stimulating its nine orifices to expand through self-hypnosis. The most difficult problem with it was the addiction.

Indeed, as his brother Tan Siming had said, after Tan Qian stopped cultivating the Panwu Immortal Martial Arts, he could feel his strength diminish significantly, but his mental state was obviously improved.

Today, after the effects of the sleeping pill wore off, Tan Qian woke up from his deep sleep.

When he approached the rear court, he heard the chief of the eastern branch swearing inside the room.

As soon as he entered the room, he straightaway saw a large TV screen and the eastern branch chief sitting in front of it frenziedly operating a game control. "Tan Qian? Good timing! Come and help me see what on earth is wrong with this!"

Tan Qian stared at the image on the screen, a little baffled. "...This is...?"

A moment later, his eyes abruptly widened, because he had unexpectedly seen Lord Thunder on the screen!

Knowing that it was Tan Qian who had entered the room, this chief didn't turn to look at him. "This is the first step in Master's grand plan. Using the secret of the USB combined with the Great Illusion Spell and a spatial magic array, we're currently gathering all known smiths together to find the strongest one! But there are too many spatial dimensions, and Master can't handle all of them, so this one is now in our hands. Using this game control, we can change the settings for this space at any time."

When he heard this, Tan Qian understood. To put it simply, the eastern branch chief was actually now playing as the deity lord of this space.

This was obviously a very big deal.

Tan Qian's view was that as long as Lord Thunder, this "Great Death-Courting Senior" in the cultivation world, was involved, things definitely wouldn't be so simple.

The eastern branch chief pointed at a fatty on the screen. "Our target this time is this guy. Luo Chuang, owner of Luo Chuang Metalware, was born into a smithing family, and his real strength is nothing to scoff at. But when we opened the space this time, we were careless and also brought this Great Death-Courting Senior in as well. Furthermore, in order to feel out the true strength of the owner of that villa I asked you to investigate the last time, I also sent them a USB."

"..."

Instantly, Tan Qian understood... that legendary Ling Zhenren had most likely become involved in this matter.

Although he had never seen this Ling Zhenren in the flesh, he had seen his spirit sword, which had almost cut him up into salt and pepper mantis shrimp!

Even if Tan Qian hadn't truly experienced Wang Ling's prowess, he had already known it in his heart at that time.

This person wasn't simple.

Tan Qian even felt that Ling Zhenren was stronger than the Master of Immortal Mansion!

He couldn't help the few drops of cold sweat that broke out on his skin. "Chief, what problem have you run into?"

The eastern branch chief's face was very black, and could be completely described as scorched earth. "There's been a popular game recently called PUBG. Have you ever played it?"

Tan Qian: "...Yes, but I'm very bad at it."

Subsequently, the eastern branch chief became lost in deep thought. He cupped his chin as he pondered for a long time, and then replied, "Now that I'm manipulating this space, I get the feeling that I've come up against an immortal who can pull players, perform headlocks, speed up, and auto-lock on their targets 1 ."

1(These are some game cheats used in PUBG..) Tan Qian: "..."

The eastern branch chief: "The minions I summoned in the space were wiped out instantly, and the enhanced Voldemorts I created were scared off by the other party to the point that they turned around and ran!"

Tan Qian: "..."

The eastern branch chief: "Furthermore, this bunch of people aren't using the standard gameplay in following the plot at all! They're wantonly destroying everything in their path in the space!"

Tan Qian: "Did Great Death-Courting Senior do all that?

"It's that person from the villa! The worst thing is that I don't even know who he is!"

As he spoke, the eastern branch chief switched the view to Wang Ling, and then all Tan Qian saw was a huge mosaicked image on the screen...

...

At that moment, the Great Shielding Spell was working perfectly.

In the game space, Wang Ling couldn't help sneezing.

He had the vague feeling that someone was talking about him behind his back.

But now wasn't the time to care about something like that. Following the thrust of the plot, Lie Mengmeng led Wang Ling and the others to the ward where the woman's husband had stayed. The array pattern on the wall on the first floor even stretched all the way up here.

Lord Thunder crouched down and gently stroked the pattern as he carefully felt it out. "Brother Ling, this array pattern seems a little different from the one we saw before."

The miniscule difference couldn't be described in words, and only a cultivator with over one thousand years' worth of cultivation would have been able to perceive it clearly. Large magic arrays were usually designed with the pattern split into sections that might appear chaotic, but which also had a core.

"This is the core array pattern!" Lord Thunder stared at it with a confident expression. "As long as we cut through the core array pattern, we can at least block this Great Illusion Spell. If we disturb the spatial order, we might be able to get out!"

"But severing the array pattern won't be easy. This core array was set up by an Itinerant Immortal, so it's bound to be able to restore itself. The best would be to directly cut it off at the root, otherwise it might regenerate." Luo Chuang frowned. "But we don't have anything with us right now. My magic treasures are all in the shop... now that we're trapped in this space, I've lost my connection to them, and I can't summon them directly."

At that moment, the two individuals swiveled almost in unison to look at Wang Ling.

Lord Thunder: "Brother Ling, do you have a solution?"

Wang Ling nodded, his eyes fixed on empty air.

A moment later, there was a fluctuation which shook the air and the ground.

Luo Chuang and Lord Thunder were utterly astonished. This sound was too loud! There was an invisible and immense sense of oppression! Furthermore, it was a very familiar aura, and they already knew what was coming!

Just a few seconds later, the point in the air that Wang Ling was staring at actually split open, and inexhaustible sword qi surged forth, sweeping through the space.

Wang Ling directly reached into this violently fluctuating crack in the air, and pulled Jingke out from within.





Chapter 272 This Is What a Big Shot Is Probably Like...


The space shook violently, causing dust to fall from the ceiling.

Familiar light brown sword light shone forth from the crack, directly illuminating the whole space.

Under normal circumstances, spirit swords were invisible to ordinary people, and Lie Mengmeng couldn't see them at all. But Jingke was very special, because it was originally a peach wood sword, the kind used for warding off evil and which could be found everywhere on the market.

Luo Chuang had only just found out about this, and was utterly astounded.

"Lord... Lord Jingke!" The instant he saw Jingke appear, his voice trembled.

He was extremely excited and also amazed at Wang Ling's strength... What kind of power was this, that could tear a seam in this completely sealed space and forcefully summon a spirit sword?

Luo Chuang felt that this was already beyond his realm of understanding.

The instant Jingke had been summoned, Thunder had obligingly knocked Lie MengMeng out with a light tap to the acupuncture point in his neck.

Ordinary people were completely unable to withstand the mental pressure produced when a spirit sword was summoned through a tear in space; this wasn't a physical attack that a pair of long johns or long underwear could block.

If Lie Mengmeng were to suffer residual effects from this, he would very likely come down with dementia later in life.

"Too strong..." Seeing Wang Ling grasp Jingke firmly as sword qi continued to pour out with a roar, Luo Chuang's cheeks couldn't stop quivering.

...

This aura vanished as swiftly as it had appeared. Luo Chuang felt that Jingke was just too cool, and that its rapport with Ling Zhenren wasn't an ordinary one.

When Wang Ling held Jingke in his hand, their auras merged into one, and gave off a sense of unity between heaven and man — this was a realm higher than unity between man and sword!

"When will I ever have rapport with a magic treasure as close as the one between Lord Jingke and Ling Zhenren..." Luo Chuang blinked, his heart full of envy. After all, this was something you couldn't look for, and which only happened through serendipity. Luo Chuang had collected as well as made a lot of magic treasures, but rapport with a magic treasure wasn't something that could be achieved simply by making one.

The rapport between a spirit sword and its master was a very profound subject. To use a common analogy, Luo Chuang felt that it was just like choosing a daughter-in-law in ancient times by studying her horoscope.

...

After ten breaths or so, the air was finally completely calm.

Wang Ling pointed Jingke at the array pattern on the floor.

He was about to slice through it when the array pattern seemed to come to life and move on its own.

"Not good, the spirit of the array pattern is awake and is planning to escape!" Luo Chuang immediately shouted. Apart from being very complicated, this type of array created by an Itinerant Immortal would more often than not have an array spirit. In order to maintain the security and stability of the array, the array spirit would move the core array pattern around every once in a while.

But the array spirit had now awakened earlier than expected...

"Want to destroy me? It's not that easy! I was created by the nomological laws of this space; as long as I don't want to die, I won't!" The array spirit laughed proudly.

This type of large magic array wasn't a small matter to begin with. Coupled with an illusion spell and multiple parallel spatial dimensions, this was an advanced spatial magic array, so its array spirit naturally wasn't some common thing.

Just then, that array pattern which had been carved into the floor of the room transformed into a dragon-like specter which suddenly rose up to dart out the door.

It was too fast, like leaping lightning, and Lord Thunder and Luo Chuang's eyes couldn't follow it at all.

Wang Ling didn't look away; he merely frowned, and then stamped down directly with one foot.

Before it could dash out of the door, this array spirit was trapped neatly under Wang Ling's foot.

"Ah!"

It was just the last bit of the array pattern that had been stepped on, like a little tail, but the array spirit was dumbstruck when it realized that it actually couldn't move any further...

Wang Ling was already faster than the array spirit had imagined, and the strength in his one foot was enough to nail it firmly to the floor.

"Brother Ling, for this spirit to be able to drive such a large magic array, it's definitely anything but ordinary! It would be great if you can take it alive!" Lord Thunder suddenly opened his mouth.

The value of an array spirit at the level of an Itinerant Immortal was truly immeasurable.

Activating an array normally required an array flag and the array maker to be present. In the absence of the array maker, however, an array spirit could be used to replace them. But subduing a powerful array spirit was just like trying to conquer heaven, since it was the product of nomological powers; the principle of its creation was somewhat similar to the birth of a sword spirit.

Furthermore, there had been very few arrays since ancient times that could spawn array spirits of their own accord.

However, Lord Thunder's words came too late...

Once Wang Ling had made his move, he hadn't had the slightest intention of leaving this array spirit alive.

He hated anything that disturbed his quiet life.

Whether it was the main manipulator behind the scenes or the array spirit in front of him, they were all the same.

Since he wanted to live a peaceful life, he hence didn't need to consider what would happen after. Whether this spirit was strong or weak had nothing to do with him. From the beginning, Wang Ling's goal had always been to bring everyone out of the space safely.

He raised his hand, and his spirit sword instantly started to glow...

The brown sword light which enveloped Jingke's body wasn't bright, and instead was quite soft. Nevertheless, the sense of oppression contained within this muted glow was very real.

Luo Chuang just thought that Jingke was really handsome; there was nothing better than a gentle sword.

Terrified, the array spirit could instinctively feel how dangerous the peach wood sword was, and it hurriedly opened its mouth and started to plead frantically. "Exalted Immortal, please let me go. It was I who failed to recognize your honored self..."

Wang Ling didn't give it a second look, and directly swung his sword down.

The spirit didn't even have time to scream when the sword directly pierced its body. In the next instant, its ghostly body together with the core array pattern that was concealed within it cracked open, smashed to smithereens.

"Brother Ling..."

Seeing this scene, Lord Thunder and Luo Chuang couldn't help sucking in cold breaths.

An array spirit at the level of an Itinerant Immortal, slashed just like that... Furthermore, it had died with just one swing.

This was what a big shot was probably like...

"..." Lord Thunder's heart hurt. If they had been able to subdue such a powerful array spirit, it could definitely have become a powerful errand boy!

But soon after that, he relaxed, because Wang Ling had done nothing wrong.

Since the beginning, he had always, always been this type of person...

...

With the array spirit eliminated and the core array pattern destroyed, the game space began to fracture.

A little sunlight permeated the dark space, and shone on Wang Ling's face...

Lord Thunder and Luo Chuang stood on the side and watched him. Maybe it was because they had just overcome a crisis, but they felt that Wang Ling's solemn face seemed a lot more at peace.

Wang Ling didn't say anything; he just picked up Lie Mengmeng next to him, put him over his shoulder, then walked toward the light step by step...





Chapter 273 Unquantifiable Data


When Lie Mengmeng woke up, he found himself lying in Wang Ling's bed. Wang Ling was sitting at his table and going through his study materials seriously.

Ah? What was going on? Lie Mengmeng remembered that he had been playing a game with Wang Ling just now... how had he fallen asleep? He got up and rubbed the skin between his eyebrows, and felt a slight headache.

Wang Ling sat with his back to him and kept silent.

When they had left the game space, he had completely erased Lie Mengmeng's memory of it.

Now, Lie Mengmeng's recollection stopped at just before they had been about to play the game.

Wang Ling had cut out anything to do with the Itinerant Immortal Almighty's scheme. There would be a lot of repercussions in the aftermath, and Lie Mengmeng was just an ordinary person; Wang Ling didn't want to get him involved.

At that moment, there was a knock on the door. A few seconds later, Mother Wang opened it and came in bearing fruit, then saw that Lie Mengmeng was awake. "Little Song, you're awake? I heard from Wang Ling just now that you suddenly fell asleep while the two of you were playing a game."

"I... I fell asleep?" Lie Mengmeng pointed one finger at himself with a face full of disbelief.

Lie Mengmeng: "..."

Mother Wang: "Look, sometimes you young people will get pimples from staying up all night. When you get one, you squeeze it, but if you don't do it properly, it becomes infected, and if you happen to contract a contagious disease after that, you die... it seems there was a young man who died like that a while ago."

Frightened, Lie Mengmeng rubbed his face. "...Elder sister, where did you hear about that?"

Mother Wang: "WeChat Moments... The heading even said that ninety-nine percent of Huaxiu nation had already read it! How can this not be true?"

Lie Mengmeng: "..."

Mother Wang: "In short, you must take care to rest in the future. If you are tired, don't try to endure it!"

Lie Mengmeng: "Elder sister, you're right... I'll be careful."

Mother Wang: "From today onward, I'm going to organize a plan for you and my husband in order to fully regulate your nutrition intake and the overall development of your health!"

"..."

Lie Mengmeng didn't dare object at all, then he suddenly recalled the game. "Elder sister, can I ask, have you seen the USB which Wang Ling received previously?"

Mother Wang pointed to the trashcan at Wang Ling's feet. "A USB? I threw it away... Ling Ling said that you suddenly fainted, then you fell directly on it, and it was crushed.

"Oh, my chicken soup!" After her earnest advice, Mother Wang looked at her watch and remembered that her chicken soup was still stewing, so she hurriedly went downstairs.

Lie Mengmeng took a look at the completely broken USB in the trashcan, and instantly his legs turned weak as he fell to his knees in tears. Every organ in his body throbbed with dull pain... What did I do?!

Wang Ling looked at Lie Mengmeng out of the corner of his eye, and did feel a little apologetic in his heart.

Because he was the one who had deliberately trampled over this USB...

...

At the same time, there was an explosion at the Taoist temple on the top of Ninth Boundary Mountain between Songhai city and Jinghua city.

Black smoke billowed out of the windows and doors of the Taoist temple...

It was Tan Qian who supported the eastern branch chief as they came out.

Fuck!

Just now... what happened?

The eastern branch chief coughed fiercely, long tendrils of smoke trailing from his mouth and nose.

Before the explosion, he had seen that mosaicked image on screen suddenly emit a light brown spirit light. Shortly after that, a loud " bang " had resounded throughout the room, and just like that, the entire screen had suddenly exploded...

Tan Qian was the only one who was very clear in his heart.

Even though he hadn't been able to see what was behind the mosaic tiles, he had seen that familiar spirit light before... with one glance, he had already been able to tell that Lord Jingke was coming!

Thus, the moment he had seen the spirit light, he had already had a feeling, and had very tactfully retreated a few steps.

Sure enough, not long after he stepped back, the screen in front of the chief had suddenly exploded...

...

After casting a purification talisman on himself to wipe clean the dirt on his body and face, the miserable eastern branch chief changed into a new suit.

He was still in shock from the explosion. He could tell that it hadn't been a problem with their equipment, but with what had happened inside the space, which had created an impact that had resulted in the space exploding. Fortunately, he had a strong realm and had been wearing protective robes; except for getting a little dirty, everything else was minor issues.

Of course, given the flash of power from that explosion just now, anyone under the Nascent Soul stage would have been finished.

But what on earth had happened just now?

To actually be able to destroy the space so quickly within the great array personally created by Master... the identity of the person who had destroyed it absolutely wasn't simple!

"Has everything been sorted out?" The eastern branch chief had doubts, and more than that, was shocked in his heart.

Tan Qian nodded his head and replied, "Apart from our eastern branch, the situation in the southern, western and northern branches is pretty much the same; the screens all exploded at the same time in front of the three branch chiefs."

"All exploded?" The eastern branch chief was aghast.

"Yes... all of them," Tan Qian answered.

What kind of thing was this, that could actually destroy all the parallel spaces in an instant?

The eastern branch chief felt his hair stand on end. "Has Master... sent any messages?"

"He has."

Tan Qian handed him a sheet of paper. "This is an assessment report which Master just sent over through the one thousand li talisman. It's a record of the fluctuation values that were generated in the space before the explosion."

The eastern branch chief took the report and carefully examined some of the data.

"Master's theory is that a magic treasure, most likely a spirit sword, was used to cut through the core array pattern, thus directly eliminating the array spirit and destroying the space," said Tan Qian.

"So that's what happened..."

The eastern branch chief heaved a sigh.

"The annotated numbers in the report were calculated using modern precision instruments along a magic treasure power index. The average index for the weakest spirit sword at the Foundation Establishment stage is between one thousand and five thousand. If it's a Core Foundation spirit sword, the index is over ten thousand, even tens of thousands... as for spirit swords at the Nascent Soul stage and the Soul Formation stage, the index would be in the hundreds of thousands. Master also said that for a spirit sword to be able to destroy this space, it had to be more powerful than a Soul Formation sword... at the very least, it would be a first-class holy weapon. The power index for a first-class holy weapon is usually above a million."

Speaking up to this point, Tan Qian took a deep breath and pointed to the report. "The power index for the spirit sword which destroyed the space just now is at the bottom of the report..."

The eastern branch chief followed Tan Qian's finger down the sheet.

What he saw at the bottom weren't numbers, but a string of nine question marks...





Chapter 274 A Conversation Between Immortals


As he stared at the nine question marks, the eastern branch chief was lost in deep thought for a long time.

The eastern branch chief: "What's this?"

"This is the surveillance data on that spirit sword... according to Master, this spirit sword's power index is already beyond the range that our instruments can measure," said Tan Qian.

"Something like this can happen?" The eastern branch chief frowned tightly.

"Just now, Master ordered us to thoroughly investigate the master of this spirit sword."

"Investigate? Hehe, then don't we have a big advantage?" The eastern branch chief laughed sinisterly. "At the very least, we know that this spirit sword's master is definitely connected to the people in that villa... Sure enough, it was the right decision back then to send you, Little Tan, to investigate the truth of the situation! My venerable self is really smart, ha ha ha!"

Tan Qian broke out in a sweat. "...That might not be the case, chief. According to my investigation, the family that lives in that villa is very ordinary."

"I don't care! In monitoring the game space this time, apart from that Luo Chuang's metalware shop, the only other place we sent a USB to was this villa... Even if it has nothing to do with this family, it might be connected to their relatives. This is the only lead we have for now!"

The eastern branch chief directly waved his hands. "This time, I'll go and investigate it myself! It's better to kill them all than let the one we want escape!"

Tan Qian: "..." Chief, you really don't want to think twice about it?

"As long as my venerable self is the first to find a lead and report to Master, my promotion to Immortal Mansion's top level as an elder won't be far off." The eastern branch chief looked at Tan Qian and patted him on the shoulder. "Once I've been promoted as an elder, Little Tan... you'll be the next eastern branch chief!"

"..."

In his heart, Tan Qian sighed deeply.

He had to report this matter to Lord Thunder first.

...

It was June 26th on Sunday in the ninth week of the semester.

In the morning, Lord Thunder arrived at the door with fresh broccoli.

The old man was at the entrance watering the plants, a smile on his face. Yesterday, he had specially gone to the noodles shop run by Fang Xing's family, and had been able to swap pointers on cooking.

The old man had always been very ardent in pursuing culinary excellence, and he was naturally delighted to have encountered someone whom he could compare notes with; when he thought about it, he couldn't help but feel happy.

"Old Senior Wang, morning!" Lord Thunder greeted him reverently.

"Yo! Is it Little Lei? Have you had breakfast?" The old man raised the garden hose in his hand and responded warmly.

"Mm, I have, Old Senior Wang!" Lord Thunder laughed. "I saw senior laughing, what's made you so happy?"

"Yesterday I went to Ling Ling's classmate's place. His family runs a noodles shop, and his father is pretty good at cooking, so we swapped pointers."

The old man stroked his beard as he recalled solemnly, "I heard that his father had already become a top-grade chef by the time he turned thirteen, but he usually covers his medal of honor with a white cloth. When I went over yesterday, an apprentice next to his father accidentally uncovered it as he was walking past, and I saw the glorious radiance of that special word 'Masterchef'... tch, so awesome!"

Lord Thunder: "..."

"Anyway, why is Little Lei here today?" the old man asked.

Lord Thunder bowed and cupped his fists. "I'm looking for Brother Ling, is he in?"

"It's the weekend, of course he's home," the old man replied. "But it seems that Ling Ling's shut himself inside his room today, and hasn't come out."

"Has Brother Ling gone into seclusion?" Lord Thunder clicked his tongue. Something like seclusion was mainly for consolidating one's realm or breaking through to another. For Wang Ling to go into seclusion was actually quite rare; was Brother Ling about to advance another level again?

But Lord Thunder very quickly dismissed this notion. Looking at Grandfather Wang, he asked, "Does senior know what's going on with Brother Ling?"

"He seems to be conversing with Jingke," Grandfather Wang replied. "There's one day every month when Ling Ling shuts himself in his room to have a heart-to-heart with Jingke."

Hearing this, Lord Thunder immediately widened his eyes and asked in fascination, "Brother Ling... can have a heart-to-heart talk?" No one could blame him for being so shocked. After all, for Ling Zhenren to speak at all was so rare that it was almost a miracle. In Lord Thunder's eyes, the probability of such a thing happening was almost as low as a sow climbing a tree!

"But Ling Ling's way of conversing is very strange; he just holds Jingke without speaking." On this topic, the old man also had his own concerns. "His father and mother have been worrying that Ling Ling might have some sort of mental problem... Little Lei, you're resourceful, do you know a way to find out what Ling Ling and Little Jingzi are talking about?"

Lord Thunder's face instantly showed a touch of embarrassment; he had yet to learn advanced spells like the Mind-Reading Ability.

But very quickly, he had an idea. "Old Senior Wang, just a minute, I'm going to call my friend!"

He took out his phone and made a call directly across the mountains and seas to Little Black's laboratory on the border. "Hello? Little Black? Can you lend me the mind-reading software you developed the last time for a bit? Yes... I'm in a hurry, can you just send it to my phone?"

On the other end of the call, Little Black was obviously a little hesitant. "But Brother Lei, the software is currently still in the testing stage..."

"Are you saying that this software doesn't work?" Lord Thunder smiled knowingly.

"Impossible! I was very careful in researching and developing this software. It's remotely connected to the mind-reading device in my lab, so it can translate thoughts wherever it is!"

Little Black gritted his teeth. "Since Brother Lei wants to try it out, I'll send it to you now!"

...

Roughly two minutes later, Lord Thunder saw his phone screen light up.

Little Black had sent him an unknown file after remotely locating Lord Thunder's phone.

Lord Thunder revealed a mouth full of white teeth as he looked at Grandfather Wang with an excited face. "Senior, I have it! Let's go to Brother Ling's door and take a look!"

The old man looked a little doubtful. "Will... will this work?"

Lord Thunder opened the software and aimed his phone at the old man. After some monitoring, a string of words appeared on the software's interface: Ling Ling won't be angry, right?

The old man was dumbfounded when he saw this. "It actually works!"

"Of course!" Lord Thunder was full of confidence.

They walked up to the second floor and stopped in front of Wang Ling's room door. It was very quiet inside, without the slightest sound to be heard.

Lord Thunder aimed his phone at the door.

Because the software had detected two sets of fluctuations, it used the codes "A" and "B" to distinguish between the people inside. "A" was Wang Ling, and "B" Jingke.

The old man curiously moved closer. "What does it say?"

After about a minute, the analysis of three sets of dialogue came out.

A (Wang Ling): "..."

B (Jingke): "..."

A (Wang Ling): "..."

B (Jingke): "..."

A (Wang Ling): "..."

B (Jingke): "..."

...

Grandfather Wang: "What're they talking about?"

Reading this, Lord Thunder just wanted to smash his phone. "This is a conversation between immortals..."





Chapter 275 How Do You Increase Rapport with a Sword Spirit?


There were actually many ways to increase one's rapport with their spirit sword's sword spirit. In the past, when spirit beasts and demon beasts had run amuck, many cultivators had chosen to use their spirit swords as much as possible in slaying these animals, and in this way increase their rapport and proficiency with their swords. This had been the most effective and the quickest way.

But now, the demon beasts were behind the Gate Between Worlds, and spirit beasts had become protected animals in every nation.

Hence, modern cultivators had come up with their own individual secret know-hows to increase rapport with their spirit swords.

For example, Dharmaraja most commonly used the godly thunder inheritance to give his spirit sword a light electric massage; as another example, since immersing himself in studying the broccoli which Grandfather Wang had given him, Lord Thunder had been putting his spirit sword in his broccoli vegetable patch...

In contrast, Wang Ling's approach was very simple.

It was to hold Jingke in his hand...

He called this the "strengthening rapport by communing with you in my hand" approach.

This name might sound unsophisticated and "low," and had a vaguely rustic, chuuni air about it, but no matter how unsophisticated it sounded, Wang Ling didn't think it was worse than Golden Arches 1 .

1(When McDonald's China changed their name to 'Golden Arches,' Chinese netizens mocked this name for sounding unsophisticated.) ...

Each month, Wang Ling would put aside a day to deepen his rapport with Jingke, but usually it didn't take too long.

After waiting for about an hour or so downstairs, Thunder saw Wang Ling come downstairs, and the first thing Wang Ling did was to eyeball him ruthlessly... This was a warning at Thunder's disrespectful attempt to use software to read his mind.

Thunder's heart thumped at Wang Ling's glare, and he sighed dejectedly; it looked like he would have to sacrifice that limited edition shuanghuanglian-flavored 2 crispy noodle snack packet to make amends!

2('Shuanghuanglian' is a Chinese medicinal extract.) Coming back to the main point, the young man in white looked earnestly at Wang Ling and said, "Brother Ling, I'm here to collect the demon king's arm you mentioned before."

Wang Ling nodded. He had already known the reason for Lord Thunder's visit as soon as the other man had arrived and chatted with the old man at the entrance to the Wang family's small villa.

As they went into the backyard one after another, Er Ha was lying flat on the ground in the sun. When it saw that Little Master Ling had come, it very consciously moved, wagging its tail and coming to Wang Ling's feet to lie prone there once again.

Wang Ling opened his Heavenly Eye and activated the power of the Eye's vision field.

In that instant, Lord Thunder saw Wang Ling's pupils bloom like flower petals and turn a dark gold color thanks to the power of the Heavenly Eye.

A moment later, spirit energy rolled in Wang Ling's line of sight, and a powerful space vortex opened in the air.

Boom ...

The young man in white then saw a massive black shape fall directly out of that space to crash at their feet... even the ground sank sharply under the tremendous weight of the arm.

Lord Thunder: "..."

This was an arm which belonged to a demon king, and was also one from the troll clan. Although he had anticipated its huge size, Lord Thunder was still petrified when he saw it with his own eyes.

This demon king's arm was so thick... If he hadn't heard it from Immortal Toya himself, there was no way Lord Thunder could have ever imagined that Wang Ling cut this thing off with the Gate.

Opening his Heavenly Eye, Lord Thunder immediately put the huge demon king's arm into his own vision field.

It had been a long time since the arm had been severed, but the demon aura around it was still strong; it had barely been out at all, but the nearby flowers and plants had already withered... Fortunately, the old man didn't usually bother with the plants in the backyard, otherwise Lord Thunder would have felt like he was committing a great offense against Grandfather Wang! Even tons of broccoli wouldn't have been able to compensate for it...

"This demon king's arm is an extremely valuable resource; once I get home, I'll hold a proper research meeting."

After accepting the arm, the young man let go of some of the tension that he had been holding.

Lord Thunder heaved a long sigh, but his expression didn't relax the slightest bit. Remembering what had happened in the game space yesterday, he turned his head to look at Wang Ling and asked, "Brother Ling, what's your opinion on what happened in the space yesterday?"

In fact, even if the other man hadn't said anything, Wang Ling was very clear in his heart: this incident was definitely related to "Immortal Mansion."

Resolving this matter wouldn't be easy as they'd imagined, yet it also wasn't complicated.

All they had to do... was eliminate them completely.

Thinking of this, Wang Ling narrowed his eyes.

He recalled how recently, too many troublesome things had happened because of this Immortal Mansion.

He had never had any tolerance for things which undermined his peaceful life again and again.

As Wang Ling's good friend for many years, Lord Thunder was in fact well aware in his heart of Wang Ling's attitude. He took a deep breath and looked at Wang Ling. "Actually, Tan Qian has given me a lead — that Immortal Mansion's eastern branch chief is about to make a move. Whatever Brother Ling's plan is, I as your brother will definitely risk my life and be with you to the end!"

As he met the gaze of the young man in white, Wang Ling's eyes couldn't help betraying a rare, cold expression.

...

In the evening, there was a faint tremor on East Huang Road in front of the Wang family's small villa. The ground quaked, startling a lot of birds into flight.

A figure accompanied by strong pressure dropped in front of the villa. When it landed, the ground cracked beneath it. The boundless spirit light which surrounded this person transformed into invisible protective gangqi 3 which shook and split the ground open, and even created phantom distortions in the air.

3(This is a kind of spiritual energy of heaven and earth..) "This is it!" Surrounded in curls of spirit light and gangqi , the middle-aged man sneered. He stared at the Wang family's small villa with deep killing intent.

He had been the eastern branch chief for a whole one hundred years. As long as he could truly acquire intelligence on this family, his promotion to Immortal Mansion's top level as an elder would be within reach!

The corner of the middle-aged man's mouth couldn't help tilting upward. He had waited for this day for a very long time!

This was his best and closest chance at being promoted in a century...

It was now or never!

His eyes fixed on the entrance, his genuine and undisguised killing intent penetrated the Wang family's villa.

Roughly two minutes later, the front door of the Wang family's villa opened.

But it only opened a crack before it stopped.

A brown light burst forth — that light transformed into particles that gathered at the door, creating a completely ethereal air. When the light particles completely coalesced together into a peach wood sword, the middle-aged man's face finally changed... This sword was so scary that the sense of oppression it brought with it made him feel like he would be ground into meat sauce!





Chapter 276 Go! Brother Ling! Let's Go Beat Up Tyrants!


This sword light... this was definitely the brown spirit light that had appeared on the TV screen back then before the space had exploded!

The eastern branch chief was hit with realization.

It was just as Master had theorized, that spirit sword wasn't just any ordinary sword!

This was an indescribable feeling which was very difficult to put into words. That immense sense of oppression had already enveloped him from afar, even before the sword drew near.

Familiar with this light now, the eastern branch chief finally saw the body of the spirit sword emerge from the light.

It was actually... a peach wood sword?

It was just a peach wood sword; how could it produce that kind of abnormal number with nine question marks?

Judging from the sword qi, this sword indeed did seem very strong... but the middle-aged man felt it was more likely that there was a problem with the equipment used to measure the power index!

"In any case, since Master is looking for you, I'll have to take you back with me first."

The eastern branch chief frowned. Eyes fixed on this splendid sword, he raised his hand and several small flags appeared, black as ink and covered in a fine pattern of veins. With one gust of wind, they rapidly enlarged and began revolving around him.

In a flash, a spatial force took shape before transforming into a barrier against Jingke's pressure.

Wang Ling and Lord Thunder were in the bedroom on the second floor. Looking at this scene from a distance, Wang Ling had determined how old the flags were at a glance. At the very least, they had been made in ancient times, and were about as old as that black dagger which the old devil had left behind.

"Immortal Mansion's roots are actually so deep?" Lord Thunder couldn't help exclaiming.

Because according to Tan Qian's report, the person who had come was merely the chief of the eastern branch, who at best played a role similar to an elder of an outer sect. If an outer sect elder could actually have this type of magic weapon from ancient times, then how rich must that bunch in the inner sect be?

With the protection of the magic flags, the pressure on the middle-aged man had lessened. Although he couldn't control these magic flags perfectly and the power that he was able to exert was very limited, in his view, this barrier set up with ancient magic flags, which were on par with first-class holy weapons, was more than enough to resist the intrusion of sword qi.

Moreover, it wasn't only for protection that he had set up this barrier of magic flags.

His ultimate goal for coming here was to seize this spirit sword. The magic flags which surrounded him were a powerful magic weapon from ancient times which could suppress a sword spirit by capturing its sword qi.

"My magic flags captured countless spirit swords in ancient times; so what if you're strong?" The eastern branch chief stared at the roiling brown spirit light in front of him and sneered. He turned his palm over, and the the air rippled violently as the magic flags scattered in different directions to arrange themselves in the air and form a giant cage.

"They're actually spirit-suppressing flags?" Lord Thunder exclaimed after recognizing them. "Many well-known spirit swords on the swords list have fallen to this magic weapon. I heard that the person who created these spirit-suppressing flags had an unusual connection to Old Demon Han."

Wang Ling opened his Heavenly Eye to the fullest and fixed his gaze on the spirit-suppressing flags.

This was probably Lord Thunder's first time observing Wang Ling at close range as he opened his Heavenly Eye. Those pupils blossomed into golden petals that seemed to contain infinite spiritual power, filling people with a vague sense of dread.

He didn't dare look directly at Wang Ling, and could only observe him out of the corner of his eye...

Eyes fixed on the spirit-suppressing flags in the air, Wang Ling frowned.

All ancient magic weapons in the world today had one thing in common — they had already lost their weapon spirits. And it was because these items without masters didn't have weapon spirits that they could be used by cultivators now. If an ancient magic weapon had a weapon spirit, there was no way that a Soul Formation cultivator would be able to wield it.

But through his Heavenly Eye, Wang Ling could tell that there were many strange nomological laws surrounding these spirit-suppressing flags.

This was hence a very curious magic weapon in his eyes. He felt that someone was operating it from afar, and that this eastern branch chief might not be its true master.

This was the point which Wang Ling found strange.

...

At that moment, Jingke had already been enveloped in the cage formed by the spirit-suppressing flags.

The middle-aged man looked on with a calm and composed expression as he silently waited for the sword spirit of this peach wood sword to reveal its true appearance.

A moment later, he saw the spirit light on the peach wood sword scatter and gradually transform into its true appearance in the cage. A kid wearing a brown vest and a white robe, who only looked around ten years old, stared at him with a cold expression on his fair face.

Looking up at this giant spirit-suppressing flag cage, Jingke sighed. "Bor...ing..."

He had thought it would be a magic weapon which he could have some fun with, so he had revealed his true form and come out personally, but the reality of it disappointed him.

About ten seconds later...

A purple light burst forth from the bottom of the cage to illuminate Jingke, like the Pagoda-Bearing God's golden tower capturing a demon 1 .

1(This refers to Li Jing, a god in Chinese folk religion who carries a golden tower that can capture any spirit, demon or god.) This was a special type of spirit light, which could suppress the majority of sword spirits in a very short span of time for use.

In the glow of the purple light, Jingke yawned indifferently. He didn't resist, and his expression was unruffled.

"I did it!" The middle-aged man was extremely delighted when Jingke didn't move. The longer this purple light shone, the weaker the sword spirit would become.

So he stood at a distance and watched as Jingke stood in this purple light as if he was in a microwave...

Five minutes later...

"It's time!" The middle-aged man was very pleased as he slowly walked in Jingke's direction; it felt very refreshing, as if he was harvesting vegetables in Happy Farm 2.

2(This refers to Li Jing, a god in Chinese folk religion who carries a golden tower that can capture any spirit, demon or god.) This was the final step toward him being promoted to Immortal Mansion's top level!

He drew near to Jingke and formed hand seals. Finally, he held his hands high.

"Seal!" His loud shout was followed by the sword spirit in front of him being drawn back into the cage by the purple light.

This huge cage in the air gradually shrunk to the size of his palm and dropped into the hands of the eastern branch chief.

Just like that... he'd done it?

The middle-aged man's face lit up with delight as he held the cage in his hands. Everything had gone so smoothly!

...

The whole process had been very quiet. Wang Ling and Lord Thunder had been in the bedroom on the second floor watching everything calmly.

Letting Jingke be captured on purpose — this had been part of Wang Ling's plan.

"We've really wronged Lord Jingke."

Hands on his hips, Lord Thunder watched this middle-aged man laugh as if he were a two hundred- jin child 3 .

3(This is an online meme expression, ʼto laugh/cry as a xx-jin child.') Now, this eastern branch chief would take Jingke to Immortal Mansion's headquarters. Once Wang Ling received the signal from Jingke, he and Lord Thunder would go there directly and kill them.

"Now we just have to wait for Lord Jingke to send a signal, then we can directly go and beat up tyrants 4 !" Lord Thunder said. "Oh, that's right! Brother Ling, just now, all the brothers and sisters in the group plus Luo Chuang said that they wanted to take part in this operation."

4(The phrase used here is 打土豪 'datuhao,' or 'attack the wealthy,' and was part of a slogan used when peasants rebelled against despotic landowners during the agrarian revolution in China ..) Wang Ling: "?"

Lord Thunder: "It's common sense to call on your brothers and sisters when you're going to go beat up tyrants!"

Wang Ling: "..."

Lord Thunder was extremely excited. "This Immortal Mansion bunch must be rolling in money!"





Chapter 277 Brother Toya Is Also Full of Vigor Today!


A normal spirit sword would lose contact with its master when they were too far away from each other, but Jingke was different; Wang Ling could sense his aura anywhere and anytime.

This was the benefit of improving rapport with a spirit sword's sword spirit through monthly cultivation.

Sitting on his bed, Wang Ling carefully felt for Jingke's aura. It was as if he had a radar in his head, and he knew exactly where Jingke was.

Before even an hour was up, Lord Thunder saw Wang Ling open his eyes, and he asked, "How is it, Brother Ling? Any news?"

Wang Ling drew a map with the Memory Sketching Skill, and then marked a location on it with a red dot.

"This is..." Lord Thunder frowned. He never thought that Immortal Mansion's final stronghold would actually be in Winter city.

Winter city's location was relatively special. It was in the extreme north of Huaxiu nation, and happened to be diametrically opposite to Little Black's border laboratory, both of them situated on two ends of the map.

The reason why Winter city was so special was that an ordinary person wasn't able to endure the cold there, so basically no ordinary people lived there. Various merchants in the cultivation circle who dealt in magic treasures hated this place, because as soon as a magic treasure was taken out of storage there, it would straightaway freeze; there was no way for low-grade magic treasures to survive in Winter city.

Lord Thunder had previously speculated on many possible locations for Immortal Mansion's headquarters, but he had never considered Winter city. While it was a very deplorable environment, Winter city was very suitable for cultivation, and a lot of Huaxiu's cultivation military troops were stationed there; based on common sense, no dark force would dare establish itself there.

But he had miscalculated.

"It actually is Winter city." The young man in white pursed his lips. He should have thought of it sooner!

Furthermore, although they now knew the location of Immortal Mansion's headquarters, getting there was a new problem.

Winter city didn't have an airport, because in the past, many accidents had happened as a result of engines freezing over, so the general mode of transport to Winter city was the bullet train.

"Can't you just teleport there?" Er Ha, who had been lying on the ground, said suddenly.

Lord Thunder was utterly astounded. "Since when could Brother Toad talk?"

Er Ha: "...I've always been able to speak, okay?!"

"My apologies, I assumed that anyone who followed Brother Ling would be a tightly sealed oil bottle 1 Lord Thunder laughed. "There're a lot of troops stationed in Winter city, so outsiders are strictly monitored. Since Immortal Mansion's headquarters is there, it's very likely that their top brass are keeping their identities hidden. We can use third generation ID cards to take the bullet train. Going through regular channels is in fact the most dependable way. If Brother Ling teleports us there, it'll be very awkward if we get stopped by police wanting to verify our identities."

1(This is a literal translation of 'menyouping,' the nickname given to the character Zhang Qilin in the novel series 'Tomb Robbers,' who is a man of few words ..) After saying this, he turned his gaze to Wang Ling. "What do you think, Brother Ling? Have you made up your mind?"

Wang Ling sighed. He lifted his head and looked in the direction of Winter city.

We'll do it your way.

He communicated succinctly through telepathy as he looked at Lord Thunder.

Now that Wang Ling thought about it, it suddenly occurred to him that he had never taken the bullet train before in his life.

...

It was June 26th on Monday in the tenth week of the semester.

Wang Ling had left a clone behind to go to school in his stead.

The sky was just beginning to lighten when he arrived at Songhai Railway Station.

At that time, the breakfast stalls were only just being set up, and the savoury crepes stall had only just started heating its stove. Wang Ling stepped into the VIP waiting hall specially set aside for cultivators. At this time of day, there weren't very many people around, but in an hour, the number of people in the regular waiting hall outside would skyrocket.

Lord Thunder had booked the train tickets for Winter city, and they would be departing at 6:40 am.

Wang Ling didn't have a habit of being late, and he preferred to arrive early.

He lowered his head to look at the estimated time of arrival indicated on the train ticket. It was three hours by bullet train from here to Winter city. After those three hours, the dark force that had been harassing him all this time would completely disappear off the face of the earth.

He drew in a deep breath as he looked at the ticket.

He just wanted to live an uneventful life...

Why did they have to force him to make a move...

While he was pondering this, his wristwatch phone rang.

It was Lord Thunder.

"Brother Ling, are you there yet? I just picked up Brother Luo, and we're on our way to the station now; we'll be there in about ten minutes! Cailian Zhenren from the group is also with us," he said. "Brother Toya isn't with us... hmm, he probably ran into some trouble. See if you can help him later, Brother Ling."

"???" Wang Ling's expression was puzzled.

"Well, you know that he has a fighting lion. Recently, it went into heat again..."

Wang Ling wore an astonished expression. "..." So toward its master, this fighting lion...?

Lord Thunder: "Brother Ling, don't be dirty... Brother Toya disturbed this fighting lion when it was in heat yesterday, so it's chomped down on his head and so far hasn't let go."

Wang Ling: "..."

...

About five minutes after Lord Thunder hung up the phone, Wang Ling saw a young man with a bloody upper torso and a fighting lion on his back enter the VIP waiting hall sedately. Just as Lord Thunder had said, this fighting lion had clamped onto Immortal Toya's head and refused to let go...

Wang Ling: "..."

Forget Wang Ling, this was an extremely terrifying and shocking scene for anyone who saw it.

There were security guards following Immortal Toya who looked like they wanted to stop him for breaking the "no pets in the waiting hall" rule, but were too afraid to come forward. In the end, they could only use a megaphone to give him a warning from a distance. "The gentleman in front! No pets are allowed in this waiting hall!"

Agitated by the sharp sound of the megaphone, the fighting lion swept its gaze over this bunch of security guards out of the corner of its eye. Fine beads of sweat instantly broke out on their skin, and they didn't dare to speak after that.

Each one of them looked like they wanted to cry but had no tears to shed... Mom, this fighting lion is scary!

"Hi, Senior Ling!"

The young man had sensed Wang Ling's aura. He raised his hand to greet Wang Ling from a distance.

Wang Ling: "..."

Knowing that Wang Ling was in front of him, it seemed like Immortal Toya had found a lifeline. "Senior Ling... can you help me get it down?"

Wang Ling heaved a sigh, then deliberately moved around to approach Immortal Toya from the back as he slowly walked toward the fighting lion.

Coming up behind the fighting lion, Wang Ling stuck out one finger and wrapped it in his aura before poking the lion's broad back.

The jittery fighting lion was instantly so scared that all its hair stood on end, and it opened its mouth to let go of Immortal Toya before jumping down.

Wang Ling had frightened it so much that it curled up trembling on the ground.

"Thank you, Senior Ling!" As if he had been granted an amnesty, the young man finally took in a breath of fresh air.

Paying no attention to his disheveled appearance, he straightaway crouched down to rub the lower half of the fighting lion's body, then heaved a deep sigh. "Its heat is over... but it looks like from now on, it'll never go into heat again."

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 278 Fate... Is So Ineffable


It wasn't very long after Toya Immortal had called him when Wang Ling heard an ongoing rumbling sound from the air outside the waiting room... it was actually a helicopter! Furthermore, Wang Ling couldn't be more familiar with the symbol on it. It was a Seven Stars Special Forces helicopter; back then, Lord Thunder had duped him into working for them as a consultant.

"After the survival contest, General Yi took me on as a consultant for the Seven Stars Special Forces. Who knew it would actually be of use today."

Immortal Toya looked at the sky and raised his eyebrow as he pondered over sending the fighting lion back with the helicopter. "However, I'm only borrowing this helicopter, and I still have to pay the fuel costs. Based on the latest trend of using spirit stones as fuel for its operation, it costs one million HNY per minute."

After hearing that, Wang Ling's lips twitched violently: "..." As expected, as long as you had money, you could do whatever you wanted!

...

Immortal Toya used a purification talisman to clean the blood stains off his body. "Senior Ling, Lord Thunder will probably be arriving soon. Ask them to wait for me!" Then, he strode toward the separate dressing room which could be found in the VIP waiting hall.

Wang Ling glanced at the clock on the wall of the waiting hall; it had already been ten minutes since Lord Thunder had called. As far as he knew, Lord Thunder wasn't in the habit of being late.

Had something happened on his way here?

Wang Ling's imagination started to run wild... and he couldn't be blamed for his fanciful thoughts, since his eyelid had started twitching again.

For some reason, he had a sense of foreboding!

After another two minutes or so, a group of people in traditional dress showed up at the entrance of the VIP waiting hall. Led by a young man in white, they slowly approached Wang Ling, who felt that the song Superstars in Troubled Times 1 was the perfect background track for this scene.

1(This song is from the soundtrack of the 1997 Hong Kong gangster film 'Young and Dangerous .. ') Sitting inside the waiting hall, Wang Ling watched Dharmaraja and Luo Chuang come in with Lord Thunder. Also following them was a young lady who was no less attractive than the Master of Shadow Stream. She wore a pink gown and a trademark lotus hairpin in her hair. Wang Ling knew that this had to be Cailian Zhenren.

Compared with when the Gate Between Worlds had descended six years ago, he felt that she hadn't changed very much. The only difference was that her aura was now steadier. Every single person in the chat group was doing their best to cultivate in their own way, and was making progress every day.

While he had recognized Cailian Zhenren, she couldn't recognize him. Technically speaking, this wouldn't be their first meeting — she had seen him six years ago when he had been ten, and had even given him cleansing lotion then.

Even now, Wang Ling still remembered this vividly.

After entering the waiting hall, Cailian Zhenren straightaway started making a ruckus as she asked around, looking quite excited.

"Senior Ling? Who is Senior Ling? Who is Senior Ling?"

"..."

Not only hadn't her looks changed, her personality was also still as unrestrained as six years ago...

Wang Ling sighed in his heart and stood up silently from his seat, and Cailian Zhenren immediately stopped screeching.

Like most people who saw Wang Ling for the first time, Cailian Zhenren's first impression was that he was so young and full of vigor; it was the kind of boundless vitality which only belonged to youth... how had he managed that?

"This is Brother Ling!" Lord Thunder made the introductions as he came up and threw one arm around Wang Ling's shoulder.

"I never thought I'd be able to meet Senior Ling here today. Nice to meet you!" Cailian Zhenren gripped his hand excitedly and looked as if she was going to cry. "I'm just a little excited... sorry, Senior Ling!"

The moment they shook hands, Wang Ling could clearly sense her internal condition. He had once heard Lord Thunder mention that this was from an injury which Cailian Zhenren had sustained three hundred years ago. Although it could be healed, the rate of recovery was very slow. At her peak, Cailian Zhenren had attained the status of a Perfected Being, but after being injured, her realm had regressed several levels. It was only in the last few centuries that her condition had stabilized and she had started to steadily recover.

In spite of that, she was currently on pretty much the same level as Dharmaraja sans the godly thunder inheritance.

...

So it's just us?

Wang Ling's eyebrows twitched as he telepathically asked Lord Thunder his question.

"Including Brother Toya in the dressing room, there's seven of us participating in this operation," Lord Thunder said with a smile.

Seven people?

Including Wang Ling, that was still just six people.

Wang Ling hadn't thought that there would be a seventh brother.

He started to have a bad feeling...

Lord Thunder: "I forgot to tell you, I recently checked this brother out and decided to have him join our chat group. I've been friends with him for quite a number of years. He went to the toilet just now after entering the waiting hall, he should be back soon... Brother Ling, you'll definitely be surprised when you see him!"

Just after Lord Thunder finished speaking...

Wang Ling instantly saw the very last person he wanted to see right now.

From a distance, he could already see long legs in a pair of blue and white striped track pants...

A sunny and fair youngster walked toward him with a smile.

Fang Xing...

Why would he show up here?

Wang Ling tried his best to cover up his surprise.

"Hello, Classmate Wang Ling." Once he had drawn near, Fang Xing was the first to open his mouth and smile at Wang Ling as he tilted his head slightly.

To Wang Ling, it was a smile with hidden meaning.

"Let me introduce him to everyone. This is Brother Fang Xing, a fellow whom I met on assignment back then." After saying this, Lord Thunder suddenly laughed. "Actually, Brother Fang Xing and Cailian Zhenren have already seen each other before."

"Ah?" Cailian Zhenren was doubtful.

"Do you still remember the demon king which dropped from the Gate Between Worlds six year ago?" Lord Thunder asked.

From her expression, Cailian Zhenren was recalling the event, and following that, she immediately nodded. "Oh! I remember, back then, the demon king landed directly on top of that century-old flagship store which sold crispy noodle snacks, frightening a ten-year-old shota!"

Wang Ling: "..."

"Number 3600, Spirit Stream Road. That was the address of that century-old flagship store which sold crispy noodle snacks." When Lord Thunder said this, he paused. "The noodles shop which belonged to Brother Fang Xing's family was next door. When that demon king landed that year, you could say that Brother Fangxing was the first witness at the scene."

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 279 Wang Lost On a Journey0


0(This is a play on the title of the movie 'Lost On A Journey,'人在囧途. At the same time, 囧 is used as an emoticon to represent embarrassment, sadness, frustration etc.) Sometimes, coincidences like this just happened.

Of course, Wang Ling preferred to call it "doomed fate."

Given the way Fang Xing behaved toward him, he guessed that this guy had already recognized him. If what Lord Thunder said was true, and Fang Xing had been the first witness at the scene, then he would definitely have seen Wang Ling kill the demon king in one strike and Cailian Zhenren cuddling him.

But at that time, Wang Ling had just been a small shota!

What was more, he remembered that in the last few years, he had been using a technique to mold his face and moderately change his appearance. Yet Fang Xing had recognized him?

He couldn't quite figure it out.

Lord Thunder had thought that they would be very happy to see each other, but now he could clearly sense that something wasn't right with Wang Ling after seeing Fang Xing.

Lord Thunder saw this Ling Zhenren, who always had on a poker face, reveal a rare hint of awkwardness in his expression, and the other man came over to hide behind his back, using it to shield him from Fang Xing's gaze.What was this?

Lord Thunder was at a bit of a loss.

Next to Fang Xing, Cailian Zhenren smiled unperturbedly.

Staring at his face, she was completely entranced... to describe him in her native dialect, this boy was such a hunk 1 !

1(贼俊 or 'zeijun' is from a Northeast Chinese dialect.) "So you were there six years ago?" Cailian Zhenren was surprised. "All these years, I've actually been looking for witnesses from back then; I never thought that the very first one would actually be Student Fang Xing."

Fang Xing scratched his head with some embarrassment. "Actually, that day six years ago, we were preparing to relocate our noodles shop. Just as we were about to move out, a toad fell from the sky."

Everyone: "..."

"Wait a minute!"

Dharmaraja asked, "Then why did Brother Fang Xing move back there?"

Fang Xing laughed. "My dad said that the toad invited wealth; wherever a toad lands, riches will follow."

Everyone: "..."

"That's why we moved back in after the government completed the post-disaster reconstruction. It was only recently that I came to Songhai city and transferred schools, and I help with my family's business when I have the time," Fang Xing said.

Everyone nodded. "So that's it!"

Anyone who became part of the chat group had to have a clean family background at the very least. Since Lord Thunder had approved him, everyone else in the group naturally had nothing else to say.

"If you have anything else you want to talk about, we can do it after we get on the train. From now on, Fang Xing is our brother." Lord Thunder put his hands on his hips, grinned with a mouth full of white teeth, and said, "And one more thing: Brother Fang Xing and Ling Zhenren are currently studying at the same high school."

When he said this, Wang Ling remained expressionless, but everyone else exclaimed in surprise.

Luo Chuang: "Is it the trend nowadays to study in high school?"

Dharmaraja was clearly excited as he stared at Lord Thunder and asked, "Senior Immortal, is Ling Zhenren and Brother Fang Xing's school still short of people? I also want to be a transfer student!"

Lord Thunder laughed. "There's no way the school will take in students who look too old, right?"

"That's right, that's right!" Cailian Zhenren tidied up her appearance. "If they're looking for students, it's probably someone like me!"

Lord Thunder: "It doesn't take in busty aunties either."

Cailian Zhenren: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

Everyone: "..."

...Lord Thunder had booked train tickets with consecutive numbers, and their seats were in the last three rows of carriage number four. Cailian Zhenren chose to sit in the first row by herself, while Wang Ling straightaway chose the window seat in the last row, perfectly hiding himself in the corner.

Lord Thunder had initially been sitting in the middle next to Wang Ling, but Wang Ling hadn't expected that Fang Xing would ask to switch seats with the other man once they got on the train. After they switched, Fang Xing then looked brightly at Wang Ling and smiled happily.

"Don't worry, Classmate Wang Ling, I won't tell anyone your secret." He looked at Wang Ling as he passed his words on telepathically.

This astounded Wang Ling — he hadn't expected the other party to be capable of using the "Mind-Reading Ability." Even Lord Thunder had yet to master it.

To Wang Ling, Fang Xing this person was an unpredictable element. Even if Lord Thunder had thoroughly investigated his family background, he felt that he still needed to pay special attention to this person.

Lord Thunder sat next to them with an awkward expression, and the air felt unusually cold.

They were schoolmates, shouldn't they be caring toward each other??

Lord Thunder sighed in his heart; no wonder people would poison their roommates nowadays 2 ...

2(This is sadly a reference to a handful of actual student cases in China.) At that moment, Lord Thunder's imagination started to run wild — he couldn't picture what it would be like if Wang Ling and Fang Xing graduated high school, got into the same university, and ended up in the same dormitory... He felt that if they lived together, they would never need to turn the air-con on in summer, or could even do without a fridge — the entire room would just be like an igloo!

And so, to break the awkwardness, Lord Thunder hurriedly smoothed over the situation once he saw an opportunity. "Brother Fang Xing, what did you bring with you?"

He noticed that Fang Xing this time hadn't come barehanded, and actually had on a backpack.

"Nothing much, actually," Fang Xing replied. "We're going to teach the dark forces in Winter city a lesson, so I thought seniors in the group would definitely be bringing their own individual magic treasures in preparation. I don't have any magic treasures that I can bring with me, and I'm not going to teach fish how to swim in front of seniors. Actually, I just have snacks in this bag."

"Snacks?"

Lord Thunder smiled. "Brother Toya has fasting pills on him; if we get hungry, we just need to eat a pill!"

"No, our family's noodles are not the same as fasting pills. Not only can they sate your hunger, they can also quickly replenish strength and spirit energy." After saying that, Fang Xing directly took out a wrapped noodle box — only his family's noodles shop used this packaging. "When you're eating, you just need to pour some spirit energy into the packaging, and the noodles will automatically heat up. Oh, by the way, apart from replenishing your strength and spirit energy, it can also rapidly heal any external injuries you might have!"

Lord Thunder twitched his lips. "..." Was this the freaking senzu bean 3 ?!

3(This is from 'Dragonball..') After hearing Fang Xing's introduction, Dharmaraja, who was sitting in the front row, was very interested, and he turned around to ask, "Brother Fang Xing, it sounds good, but it's a little troublesome to eat noodles; do you have a simpler version?"

"I do!"

After saying that, Fang Xing directly took out a sparkling packet. "This is our family's crispy noodle snack. You don't need to heat it up, you can straightaway open it and eat it!"

Lord Thunder: "..."

Was it his imagination?

It seemed like Ling Zhenren's throat had bobbed just now...

Brother Ling!

Pull yourself together! Brother Ling!





Chapter 280 How Ling Zhenren Becomes Stronger!


In fact, even Wang Ling wasn't clear when this doomed fate had befallen him.

Of course... if he had been able to tell, then it couldn't be called doomed fate.

But now that he was silently eating the crispy noodle snack, Wang Ling was well aware that this doomed fate had already started to deepen...

Finishing off the crispy noodle snack, a young man in white sucked his fingers and couldn't stop singing praises. "Brother Fang Xing, your crispy noodle snack is good!"

In the front rows, Dharmaraja, Immortal Toya, Luo Chuang and Cailian Zhenren all nodded and agreed. "Indeed, after eating it, my body feels like it's full of spirit energy."

"Brother Fang Xing, your crispy noodle snack also contains a lot of spirit herbs?" Immortal Toya savored the taste. "This small crispy noodle snack packet contains hundreds of spirit herbs. It's very difficult to neutralize all their smells in favor of preserving the snack's flavor."

"Senior, you flatter me." Fang Xing smiled. "I just applied what I learned in school in our family's noodles shop. These instant noodles, including the crispy noodle snack, are new products researched and developed by our family's noodles shop, and aren't officially on the market yet."

"Ha ha, then aren't we the first batch to eat crabs 1 ?"

1(A phrase that just basically means the first to do something ..) As Dharmaraja laughed like a two hundred- jin kid, he directly turned his head to look at Wang Ling. "Speaking of which, Ling Zhenren, what do you think?"

Everyone knew that the only thing Ling Zhenren was crazy about was crispy noodle snacks, so there was probably no one here better than Wang Ling to comment on it.

Wang Ling thought this was a simple question.

However, it made him sink into silence for a long time...

For some reason, any simple question inexplicably became a prickly issue as soon as Fang Xing was involved.

It wasn't that Wang Ling hated him; he just thought that this guy... was very troublesome.

Wang Ling thought at first that he could avoid answering Dharmaraja's question to maintain his aloof image, but there was a saying which put it well: tit for tat... Since Wang Ling had eaten the snack, he thought that a slight nod wasn't asking for much.

And so, after about two minutes of silence...

He stared at this sparkling packaging and nodded.

At this scene, Lord Thunder clicked his tongue. "Brother Ling seldom praises other people. Brother Fang Xing, your product will definitely sell like hot cakes!"

"If Classmate Wang Ling likes it, that's great." Fang Xing grinned his trademark bright smile. His gaze was a little hot when he turned to Wang Ling, but Wang Ling had already turned to look at the passing scenery outside the window.

...

After that, the carriage fell into a short lull. This time, they were on their way to Winter city to drop in on Immortal Mansion and wipe them out. This was actually a secret, so when they had set out, Lord Thunder had stressed that no one was to bring it up, in case the walls had ears.

Since Immortal Mansion was able to gain a foothold in Winter city despite the military troops stationed there, there had to be a staggering number of spies working in the shadows.

Apart from when he was receiving customers, Luo Chuang was a taciturn person. Toya Immortal was even more of an ascetic; as an alchemist, there were times when he would sit in front of his furnace for several days and nights. For this elegant-looking man in traditional dress, three hours by train to Winter city would pass in a blink of an eye.

Seeing that everyone had dropped the subject, Cailian Zhenren straightaway started knitting a scarf in the carriage.

Wang Ling had heard Lord Thunder say before that this scarf was for her new boyfriend...

And so, this journey was agony for Dharmaraja.

When he couldn't take it anymore, he decided to stir up things with a bit of gossip. "By the way, how do Lord Thunder and Brother Fang Xing know each other? Senior Immortal, you only mentioned earlier that you met Brother Fang Xing on assignment?"

Although Lord Thunder had introduced Fang Xing to them, most of the people from the chat group had no idea about his past. Dharmaraja's question was something that Cailian Zhenren and Luo Chuang also wondered about.

Moreover, what they were even more curious about was Fang Xing's strength. Judging from his current aura, he was powerful, and was even above the average level of the people present.

"...Actually, I wasn't going to mention it because it involves Brother Fang Xing's privacy. But he especially told me that I could explain it if someone did ask."

Lord Thunder crossed his legs as he prepared to launch into gossip, but silently uncrossed them again when he realized that they weren't as long as Fang Xing's. "To be precise, I came to know Brother Fang Xing three years ago when he had still been studying in Jinghua city.

"Student Fang had been adopted by the Fang couple at a very young age. Because his results were very good, Tianshi Imperial High School made an exception for him and took him in. Do you still remember that girl whose family had all been massacred three years ago? I accepted a one yuan coin from her and helped her get revenge by directly slaughtering that evil bunch. That actually happened not far from Tianshi Imperial High School."

Lord Thunder recalled the matter. "It was during that incident when I bumped into Brother Fang Xing. It was already dark by the time I was done, and someone had called the police. Before they arrived, it was Brother Fang Xing who helped me deal with the aftermath and get rid of the bodies."

Everyone had heard of that incident back then. This Great Death-Courting Senior had accepted a one yuan coin from a little girl as payment for wiping out all the underground forces in Jinghua city — news of this had spread like wildfire in the cultivation circle back then.

But no one had imagined that Fang Xing would actually have been involved.

Dharmaraja was satisfied with this gossip. "So it's like that... but when Senior Immortal said that, I seem to remember reading a related article in a tabloid somewhere that it wasn't just Senior Immortal, but that there had also been a girl who had joined you in killing that evil bunch in Jinghua city."

"That's probably just a coincidence." Lord Thunder laughed. "I was very secretive about the operation. If I hadn't pulled Brother Fang Xing into it, most likely no one would have known about it. As for that tabloid article, it was probably just trying to draw public attention."

"Maybe."

Dharmaraja nodded doubtfully, then turned his gaze to Wang Ling. "Ling Zhenren, what do you think?"

After that, Lord Thunder promptly covered his mouth and put a finger to his lips as he whispered, "Under no circumstances do you disturb Ling Zhenren when he's studying, it's taboo..."

Everyone looked over and were stupefied to realize that while they had been discussing Fang Xing's origin, Ling Zhenren had actually been immersed in doing the exercises in the On Talismans book in his hands...

Could it be... this was Ling Zhenren's special method for becoming stronger?!





Chapter 281 The Thoughtful Disciple


No matter how strong Wang Ling was, he was in essence still a student, and since he was a student, he had to study. Actually, it felt like he was committing a crime by leaving a clone behind to take his place in school. It was like when many people played the whole summer or winter holiday away, and only did their homework on the last day.

But even if Wang Ling got Pen that guy to do his homework every time, it would take just a few minutes to finish it...

The bullet train, powered by spirit energy, sped on toward Winter city, covering tens of thousands of li in just a short three hours. And like everyone said, it was obvious that as they approached the city, the temperature dropped rapidly. Looking around the carriage, Wang Ling saw plenty of cultivators deliberately put on extra clothing.

Those who hadn't reached the Golden Core stage would find it a little difficult to withstand the chill in Winter city.

On this side, in contrast, none of the seven people from the chat group got up, nor did they put on more clothes; they looked quite at ease. Lord Thunder was even wearing the long johns which Wang Ling had given him, so he wasn't afraid of the cold at all.

Looking at the white snowy landscape and the cloudless blue sky outside the train, Wang Ling's agitated heart settled significantly. Absorbing himself in homework was actually one way of calming himself down.

"Tch, is it getting below sixty degrees now? Some magic treasures have very low tolerance for the cold; in a stark environment like Winter city, they're probably only able to perform at half their power." Luo Chuang looked outside the window.

Next to him, Dharmaraja glanced at Luo Chuang's undershirt, large shorts, and his palm-leaf fan, and shivered. "Brother Luo, can you put on some more clothes? I'm not cold, but looking at you makes me feel cold."

That was Luo Chuang's trademark getup — an undershirt, shorts and the palm-leaf fan, the same way that Dharmaraja always had goggles with him.

"Who cares?" Luo Chuang automatically ignored Dharmaraja's complaint. "My undershirt and shorts are very good at keeping me warm."

If Luo Chuang didn't say anything, no one would believe that these undershirt and shorts were actually magic treasures, and were even top-quality vestments.

About ten minutes later, an attendant's pleasant voice sounded throughout the train.

"Dear passengers, thank you for taking the harmony class spirit energy bullet train. We will be arriving at the final station, Winter city, shortly. Thank you for your support, and we look forward to seeing you again. Have a nice trip..."

When the seven of them got out at the station, each person was stopped at the exit and asked to produce their ID card.

This was exactly what Lord Thunder had expected would happen.

Although Winter city was where Huaxiu's cultivation military troops were stationed, regular people weren't banned from coming here. It might be cold, but the snowy landscape views were truly a sight...

Wang Ling heard that back then, Little Black had drawn inspiration from an ice sculpture he had seen in Winter city to invent that "Armstrong Cyclone Jet Armstrong Cannon." The owners of the ice sculpture had been a gray-haired uncle who liked to pick his nose and a girl with her hair put up in buns 1 .

1(Two of the main characters from the Japanese series 'Gintama,' which is where the cannon is from.) Because he had collected all types of maps of magic treasures over the years, Luo Chuang had the honor of being their guide this time.

With the location Wang Ling had earmarked using his Memory Sketching Skill combined with the map of Winter city, Luo Chuang could already basically verify Immortal Mansion's location.

"It's on Sanyuan Road! I'm sure of it!"

In the freezing wind and snow, Luo Chuang in his shorts stood on a long bench in the train station's front square and confirmed the final location for everyone with an excited face. "Lord Jingke! I'm coming to find you!"

This fanboy Luo Chuang's confidence in Jingke was clear from his words, since he had said "find" instead of "save."

In his view, Jingke alone was more than strong enough to directly annihilate Immortal Mansion.

Wang Ling furrowed his eyebrows slightly. "..."

He just had a bad feeling. He recalled the prophetic dream which Er Ha had told him about previously. In it, a fatty had been tied to an iron post, and then had been pierced through the heart by countless arrows... Wang Ling had the faint feeling that among their number, if this fatty wasn't Luo Chuang, then it would be Dharmaraja.

"Brother Ling, is there a problem?" Lord Thunder asked, noticing that Wang Ling's expression didn't look very good.

Wang Ling hurriedly shook his head.

Before he could determine whether or not Er Ha's prophetic dream was real, Wang Ling thought that there was absolutely no need to cause panic.

"Then it's decided, let's go to Sanyuan Road first and take a look," said Lord Thunder.

"But how are we going to get there?" Cailian Zhenren asked.

Most of them weren't familiar with Winter city. Of the seven of them, only Lord Thunder had been here several times on assignment, but he still wasn't familiar with Sanyuan Road.

"Should we take an unlicensed car? I saw a lot of unlicensed car drivers sneaking around in the square just now." Luo Chuang smiled shiftily.

In refining and collecting magic treasures over the years, he had actually racked up a record for robbing tombs... In each place he went to, he would hire an unlicensed car to take him to his destination, so those unlicensed drivers had maintained special connections with him.

"Brother Luo, forget your outrageous idea... it'd be very troublesome if we got caught in an unlicensed car." Lord Thunder sighed. "We'll use Dididache 2 and call for a commercial car."

2(A car-hailing app like Uber.) But just as Lord Thunder was about to open the app, a black commercial car approached them from a distance...

"Azure licence plates?" Everyone couldn't help frowning, since these plates were only used by Winter city's government.

While Wang Ling was feeling suspicious, his phone suddenly rang. He looked at the screen display — unexpectedly, it was Zhuo Yi who was calling...

Staring at the approaching government car, which was slowing down, Wang Ling finally answered the call after several seconds of his wristwatch vibrating.

"Hello, shifu !"As soon as he answered the call, Zhuo Yi on the other end was already talking excitedly. "Are you in Winter city now? Why didn't you tell me your disciple before you left?!"

"..."

Wang Ling's lips twitched, and while he was wondering how Zhuo Yi had found out, the latter was already explaining it. "Today, Warden Liang and I were checking out something related to the Master of Shadow Stream's younger sister in our custody, and his online surveillance system here has a record of your arrival in the city; we knew as soon as you swiped your third generation ID cards. Don't worry, shifu , I would never ever have the guts to monitor your movements!"

Wang Ling: "..."

Zhuo Yi: "The black commercial car in front of you was arranged by a colleague in Winter city's government upon our request. It's not easy to move around in Winter city, so feel free to have them take you wherever you want to go."

Wang Ling: "..." As expected, a disciple was a shifu's warm cotton-padded jacket 3 .

3(This basically means someone who warms your heart..) ...

After saying that, Zhuo Yi hung up in excitement.

In the office at Songhai First Prison, Warden Liang looked at him strangely. "Director Zhuo... why are you so happy? Is your shifu going to pass on his teachings to you?"

"Oh, no." Zhuo Yi shook his head, then sighed. "It's just that I've been so busy lately that I haven't seen my shifu in a long time. After talking with him on the phone, I feel much better."

"Director Zhuo, something doesn't seem right about your shifu-and-disciple relationship."

Warden Liang gave Zhuo Yi his opinion. "A shifu and disciple who don't meet often are just like lovers in a long-distance relationship; if you don't keep in touch regularly, it's likely that you won't be able to maintain this connection for long!"

It would have been better if Warden Liang hadn't said anything; when he finished, Zhuo Yi was a little anxious, and gripped his hand emotionally. "Many thanks for the warning, brother!"Warden Liang: "What are you doing?"

Zhuo Yi: "Buying a ticket to Winter city! I'm going to go look for my shifu !"

Warden Liang: "..."





Chapter 282 Are You Lao Gudong Ling?


This was the frightening thing about the Spirit Energy Information Age. Many cultivators who had gone into seclusion back then had never thought that the cultivation world would develop to this extent; with one swipe of a third generation ID card, it could instantly be picked up by systems everywhere.

The Skynet System in Warden Liang's office was a super computer that could hunt down criminals and which covered the whole country. Currently, it was Huaxiu nation's largest strike back at crime. Apart from helping to quickly lock onto suspects through facial comparisons drawn from surveillance all over, one of its functions was the third generation ID card network system.

It was just that it worked much quicker than Wang Ling had imagined, and had overturned everyone else's impression of it. It had been a mere five minutes since their ID cards had been verified, but far away in Songhai city, Zhuo Yi had actually already received the news...

After listening to Zhuo Yi's voice on the phone, Lord Thunder and the rest relaxed.

Lord Thunder: "After all that, turns out it was Little Zhuo who sent this car."

"Who is Little Zhuo?" asked Luo Chuang.

Lord Thunder: "His full name is Zhuo Yi, Director of Songhai city's General Administration of 100 Schools, and also our Ling Zhenren's disciple. I'll introduce him to all of you next time."

"Oh, that Little Zhuo!" Cailian Zhenren and Dharmaraja were hit with realization.

They remained where they were, and that black commercial car with azure government licence plates slowly approached them before coming to a gradual stop.

The window was wound down, and Wang Ling saw a young man about thirty years old in a suit and sporting a typical buzz cut. As soon as the window was down, he greeted Wang Ling with a smile. "Are you Lao Gudong Ling?"

The young man looked at him.

Zhuo Yi knew that since this young man hadn't met Wang Ling before, even if he was given a photo, it would instantly turn into mosaic tiles, so Zhuo Yi had simply told him that Wang Ling was a youngster with a poker face.

And so, the young man could pick him out with one glance, and was sure that this was the right person!

Teacher... Wang Ling...

Wang Ling's lips twitched again — when had he picked up this title?

"My name is Zhao Kai. Teacher Zhuo sent me to pick up seniors." The young man introduced himself simply. "Seniors, please get in. For the next two days, if you have any arrangements, please do not hesitate to tell me what you need."

Lord Thunder raised his eyebrows. "Since when did Little Zhuo accept a disciple?"

Zhao Kai smiled in embarrassment. "Actually, I'm Deputy Director of the General Administration of 100 High Schools in Winter city. I asked Teacher Zhuo to take me on as his disciple not so long ago so that I could watch the way he worked."

Oh, so it was as a work mentor...

Lord Thunder immediately understood.

If Zhuo Yi was the man's shifu in cultivation, then Wang Ling had become a shigong 1 .

1(Basically shifu's master.) If this was the case, then this young man had truly lucked out!

...

In the car, Zhao Kai gripped the steering wheel firmly and felt a little nervous.

Zhuo Yi had specially told him that the group which had come to Winter city were all renowned great seniors in the cultivation circle in Songhai, and he wasn't to offend anyone. In particular, he had been told to be especially respectful of Ling Zhenren, the youngest-looking and the most handsome of them all, who had an expressionless face and didn't like to speak.

Furthermore, as Zhuo Yi had instructed, Zhao Kai had even prepared crispy noodle snacks, which were inside the glove compartment of the front passenger seat.

But until now, he still hadn't had the nerves to give them to Wang Ling.

Staring at the glove compartment, Zhao Kai sighed in his heart before looking diffidently in the rearview mirror. "Seniors... where do you want to go?"

"Do you know Sanyuan Road?" Luo Chuang came close to ask, a map in his hand.

"Sanyuan Road?" Zhao Kai nodded his head. "It's a very remote road on the outskirts of Winter city. But this place is enveloped in dense spirit energy, so a great number of sect headquarters from history were located here, like White Dragon Temple, Fortune Dragon Sword Sect and many others. But over time, the chill from the extreme north moved into Winter city, and the temperature here dropped even further. After that, all these sects relocated, since disciples at the Foundation Establishment stage couldn't stand the chilly weather at all."

"White Dragon Temple and Fortune Dragon Sword Sect?"

Hearing this, Wang Ling's interest was piqued; it wasn't just him, Lord Thunder and the others all had intrigued expressions.

White Dragon Temple was well-known for its Eight Diagram Array, while Fortune Dragon Sword Sect was famous nationwide for its Sky-Parting Sword technique. Although these two sects didn't have long histories, they were cradles for nurturing Foundation Establishment stage cultivators. Furthermore, there were branch institutions all over the country, and were regarded as the Lanxiang of the excavator world 2 .

2(Shandong Lanxiang Technical School in China offers vocational courses, including the operation of construction equipment, specializing in excavators ..) Zhao Kai was a Winter city native, and had grown up here, so he was familiar with its customs and geography. It could be said that Zhuo Yi had truly found the right person this time to receive Wang Ling and his group.

Seeing the seniors' curious looks, Zhao Kai thought for a bit before continuing, "Of course, everyone says that the two sects left Winter city because of the environment, but there's also talk that the two sects had been forced to leave."

Hearing this, Lord Thunder's heart jumped and he perked up. "Such as?"

"Some say that the heads of the two sects left after receiving a small fortune. There are also others who say that they were coerced. Whatever the case, the situation wasn't good." Zhao Kai laughed bitterly. In fact, this wasn't a secret in Winter city, but though most people had heard of it, no one really knew the details.

Nevertheless, he still told them what he knew on their way to Sanyuan Road.

It had all started with White Dragon Temple and Fortune Dragon Sword Sect's old sites on Sanyuan Road. These two sects had established their headquarters here, like McDonald's and KFC opening opposite each other, each of them occupying one half of the spirit vein on Sanyuan Road.

Even now, spirit veins as a resource were very rare in the country, and throughout the years, these two sects had each occupied one half of it. Senior officials from the Land Resource Bureau had tried to negotiate with them numerous times, but all in vain. However, around ten years ago, both sects had moved away one after another.

Zhao Kai didn't know the reason for this, but Lord Thunder thought that it would make sense if Immortal Mansion had been involved.

"So, who is the owner of this spirit vein on Sanyuan Road now?"

"I don't know; all I know is that it isn't the nation nor the two sects. Rumor is that the lands which belonged to the two sects have all been bought up," Zhao Kai said as he drove.

"How can you not know?"

Zhao Kai's lips thinned as he said, "As for this... the spirit vein is actually highly classified information, and only upper management has access to it. Besides, the strangest thing is that there are no buildings on this spirit vein on Sanyuan Road."

No buildings?

Were they hidden?

Everyone in the car was bewildered.





Chapter 283 Boy, You Have Potential!


None of the seven people in the car were surprised at how sophisticated Immortal Mansion was — to be able to establish itself in Winter city despite the military troops stationed there, and despite strict inspections and ID verification through the Skynet System, a lot of underhanded deals must have taken place behind the scenes.

But the problem in front of them now was that Wang Ling could clearly sense Jingke on Sanyuan Road, but Zhao Kai was saying that there were no buildings there... what kind of operation was this?

"Is it possible that they used some kind of illusion spell to make it invisible, or build an underground palace?" Cailian Zhenren guessed.

"Impossible... the leaders from the Land Resource Bureau aren't fools. Whatever seniors can think of, they've already thought of themselves. Ever since the two sects moved away, that spirit vein somehow came under private ownership, and we've never been able to contact the owner. We've had people waiting here every year for the last few years, but from this year onward, no one is going to come," said Zhao Kai.

"Why's that?"

"We've given up."

"..."

"It's no use squatting here if we can't contact the owner."

Hands on the steering wheel, Zhao Kai shrugged helplessly.

During their conversation, he had already been able to vaguely guess what these great seniors were going to do — it had to have something to do with the owner of the spirit vein. They had even marked it on the map, so it was very obvious that they had come prepared.

Because he was familiar with Sanyuan Road, his heart had thumped when he had heard that these seven people were headed there. At first, he had thought that they had made a mistake, but after hearing in the car that it was Ling Zhenren who had marked the location on the map, he could only pull his neck back and swallow his words down into his belly.

He couldn't offend any of the seven seniors in the car, especially that Ling Zhenren...

Director Zhuo had kept stressing this point on the phone.

To be honest, even if Zhuo Yi hadn't emphasized this, Zhao Kai could feel the respect which the other seniors had for this Ling Zhenren.

On the road, he would glance at Wang Ling, wittingly or unwittingly, through the rearview mirror in the car. Apart from being surprised at how young he was, he was also starting to become more curious about Wang Ling.

Lord Thunder was in the front passenger seat. After some thought, Zhao Kai asked very carefully, "Ling Zhenren usually doesn't like to talk, right?"

Hearing this question, Lord Thunder nodded earnestly. "As the saying goes, silence is golden. All sages are fond of thinking."

"Then, what does Ling Zhenren think of?"

"On the way here, Ling Zhenren was thinking about the exercises in "One Talisman and One Seal Script". Now he is probably still thinking about his midterm exam."

"..." Hearing this, Zhao Kai couldn't help sighing in his heart; sage affairs were truly hard to fathom. Only now was he realizing how important this exercise book On Talismans actually was! It seemed that he had discovered why there was such a gap between him and these great seniors... He could only blame himself for his superficial thinking, that he was unable to fully grasp the mysteries contained in this common exercise book for high school students!

After thinking this, he decided to change this sad topic. "Seniors, we're about to arrive at Sanyuan Road, it's up ahead."

"So quick?" It actually made sense, since Zhao Kai was familiar with the roads in Winter city, and they were in a commercial car with government plates, so they could take the green passage through the toll stations.

The black commercial car sped along the motorway. As they passed a road sign, Lord Thunder noticed that the turn off the motorway up ahead was Sanyuan Road.

"Just drop us off at the crossing and go back. If we need your help, I definitely won't hesitate to contact you." Lord Thunder revealed a mouth full of white teeth as he gave Zhao Kai his trademark smile.

"Very well, senior. It just so happened that I also have something I need to do," said Zhao Kai.

"What is it?" Lord Thunder asked casually.

"Hm, we're dealing with a twisted preschool teacher who abused kindergarten children by actually forcing them to eat mustard1. This is just too cruel!" Zhao Kai said wrathfully. "The government has placed high priority on this matter, and voted unanimously to send this psychopath to the Internet Addiction Rehabilitation Center for electrotherapy!"

1(This is based on an incident at a daycare centre in Shanghai) In the backseat, Dharmaraja thought for a bit, then gave his business card to Zhao Kai. "Tell your leaders that I'll give them a ninety percent discount for the electrotherapy. I guarantee I'll burn this lunatic with my electricity!"

Zhao Kai: "..."

...

Ten minutes later, they arrived at their destination.

Zhao Kai stopped the car. When he pushed the button for the automatic doors, the commercial car's side door opened and everyone got off one after another.

Sitting in the last row, Wang Ling was the last person to get out of the car.

Zhao Kai stared at the glove compartment in the front passenger seat for a very long time. In the end, before Wang Ling got out, Zhao Kai finally screwed up his courage and opened the compartment. He took out two original flavor crispy noodle snacks and thrust them into Wang Ling's hands. "Ling Zhenren... these... these are for you! Please accept them!"

Wang Ling was stupefied when he accepted them. "..."

On the side, Lord Thunder laughed and couldn't help himself as he came up to the car window and patted Zhao Kai on the shoulder. "Boy, you have potential!"

"..."

For some reason, Zhao Kai felt extremely flattered.

...

Everyone saw Zhao Kai off in the car before they focused and looked at the map once again.

"Based on the location Ling Zhenren marked here, we are in the right place," Luo Chuang said with certainty as he held the map in his hands in the chilly wind.

But as Zhao Kai had said, this area around Sanyuan Road covered in white snow was the outskirts. There wasn't a single tree to be seen, and thick snow was piled up along the road.

Looking down the road, Wang Ling saw that even at its lowest, the snow was already over three meters high.

"Senior Immortal, can you see if a camouflage spell has been used or not?" Although there was nothing to see on this empty street, Luo Chuang still felt it was pretty suspicious.

But though they hadn't noticed anything so far, everyone could feel the power of the spirit vein.

"This is indeed rare and precious land for cultivation; it also has good feng shui. If a cultivator at the Golden Core stage went into seclusion here, they could just rely on the spirit vein and never have to worry about running out of spirit energy," said Dharmaraja.

On the side, Lord Thunder opened his Heavenly Eye to observe their surroundings. In the end, he threw a grenade at a snow drift.

After a loud bang, snow was sent flying with a burst of light.

"Senior Immortal, what are you doing?"

"I was wondering if there was an illusion spell. Since the space created by an illusion spell usually isn't stable, I can test it out with a Skybomb Grenade. But it's obvious that the space here is extremely stable!"

Lord Thunder sighed before turning to Wang Ling. "...Brother Ling, do you have any ideas?"

Narrowing his eyes as he stared at the snow in front of him, Wang Ling naturally discovered some clues.

But before he could pass them on telepathically, Fang Xing actually also noticed something. He cupped his chin as he moved forward, his long legs especially striking against the white snow. "The aura is here, but we can't see anything. In addition, we've discarded the possibility of an illusion spell. With the spirit vein under our feet, could it be a camouflage? Seniors, have you heard of a holy array which can only be operated using the spirit vein?"

"Are you referring to the legendary Ice Crystal Array?" Cailian Zhenren was struck by realization — this was a major array which relied on combining a magic array with reality to create a mirror space used for concealment. It wasn't an illusion spell, but it was very hard to see through.





Chapter 284 Tremble With Déjà Vu


If it was due to the Ice Crystal Array, then their current situation could be explained.

This was a magic array which could duplicate a region and create a mirror space which people could hide in; there was no better way to hide oneself. However, the array's major drawback was that it consumed a great deal of spirit energy, so when this holy array was set up, a spirit vein was required in order for the array to keep running.

However, Cailian Zhenren still had some doubts. "But I remember that the last owner of the Ice Crystal Array... was Immortal She Pi?

"Back then, there had been a spirit vein under his secret base. He escaped into the mirror space created by the Ice Crystal Array many times whenever he was injured," Cailian Zhenren continued. "But as far as I know, after he was arrested that year, both the array spirit of this holy array and the spirit vein were together confiscated by the nation. So how would it have fallen into Immortal Mansion's hands?"

Furrowing his brow, Wang Ling also thought it was very strange.

But with regard to the current situation, he could confirm without a doubt that the camouflage in front of them was caused by the holy "Ice Crystal Array" of legend.

The mirror space created by the Ice Crystal Array wasn't an illusion spell, so it was very difficult to see through; even the most sophisticated equipment wouldn't necessarily be able to detect any fluctuations.

However, it couldn't escape Wang Ling's notice.

He had actually already considered it as soon as they had arrived at Sanyuan Road.

But another thing puzzled him, and that was Fang Xing.

Fang Xing seemed unusually sensitive to the Ice Crystal Array.

"How strong is this group from Immortal Mansion?" Dharmaraja couldn't help trembling. To even possess a holy array — its background was truly staggering.

"Previously, Senior Immortal and I were trapped in a game illusion, and this bunch even had an array spirit at Itinerant Immortal level, so actually, it isn't strange that they would have a holy array..." Luo Chuang waved his palm-leaf fan; actually, he hadn't finished speaking, and wanted to say: However, Ling Zhenren used Lord Jingke to chop that Itinerant Immortal-level array spirit into pieces... But before he said it, Luo Chuang gave it some thought, and in the end he zipped his lips. This was because he had suddenly felt an immense burst of spirit energy from Ling Zhenren next to him, which scared him into keeping quiet.

This fluctuation of spirit energy was mixed with immense spiritual pressure, coalescing together in Wang Ling's Heavenly Eye.

This powerful energy caused the snow around them to melt; like ripples spreading out from Wang Ling's pupils, the fluctuation of spirit energy made even the earth tremble.

"To break through the mirror image created by the Ice Crystal Array, we need to gather a huge amount of spirit energy..." Lord Thunder and the others moved away from Wang Ling. The spiritual pressure was so intense that even just standing next to him, they felt it hard to breathe.

Ling Zhenren's strength was truly frightening!

Dharmaraja was utterly overwhelmed as he watched Wang Ling shake slightly with this immense amount of spirit energy, warping the air around him.

For someone unaware of the situation, they would have definitely thought that Wang Ling was furious...

Luo Chuang felt like he had seen something like this before, and he nudged Lord Thunder with his elbow and asked, "Senior Immortal, do you feel like this quake and unfathomable spiritual pressure seem familiar?"

"Mm... maybe..." Lord Thunder nodded. "Have you watched the TV drama The Xiao Family Compound filmed by the Xiao Clan?"

"No."

"Go and have a look. The moment the protagonist says 'Life has its ups and downs,' and announces that he's breaking off his engagement 1 ... his tension and the cry of his heart then are very similar to Brother Ling at the moment."

1(This is a common Chinese phrase, a loose, literal translation of which is '30 years of the East, 30 years of the West.' In this context, it is probably a reference to the novel 'Battle Through The Heavens,' in which the protagonist utters these words before his engagement is broken off.) "..."

...

After gathering spirit energy for long enough, even Wang Ling felt that his Heavenly Eye now had prehistoric powers.

"Everyone, watch out!"

Behind him, everyone's expressions couldn't help turning serious, and they hurriedly set up magical barriers.

About five seconds later...

Everyone saw Ling Zhenren's eyes suddenly shoot out two dragon-like beams of light that directly crashed into the air in front of them, as if it was trying to break through some dimensional wall.

If Lord Thunder had to describe it, this incredible scene was just like seeing Gyarados release its hyper beam 2 for the first time.

2(From the series 'Pokemon.') The instant this Heavenly Eye light beam smashed against that invisible spatial wall, everyone could vaguely see an actual crack in the space.

"Is it going to split open?"

Lord Thunder narrowed his eyes as the area hit by the powerful beam gradually darkened.

There was the smell of something burning...

Everyone then noticed that where there had initially been an invisible spatial wall, a man-sized opening had actually been burned into it.

Luo Chuang and Dharmaraja's jaws dropped. They had thought that Ling Zhenren was just trying out something, and had completely never expected that he would actually be able to break the spatial wall open.

This was a mirror space replicated by a holy array, and the spatial wall was invisible. It required a tremendous amount of spirit energy just to find a chink in the wall before you could even think about breaking it open. Forget about gathering the spirit energy, it was practically impossible for ordinary people to find a crack in the spatial wall.

It was fair to say that Ling Zhenren's prowess was once again unfathomable to everyone present.

It was already difficult enough locating the spatial wall, let alone actually breaking through it...

Immortal Toya's astonishment was no less than the shock he had felt when he had seen Wang Ling close the Gate Between Worlds with just one hand.

"Wow, Brother Ling, does this technique of yours have a name?" asked Lord Thunder.

Wang Ling shook his head. This was just the energy beam that was released after maximum accumulation of spirit energy in the Heavenly Eye. The difficult part was controlling it as it amassed; only when the dense spirit energy formed into a point could it then release its formidable power.

Of course, this technique had a major requirement — only cultivators with Sage Bodies could use it, otherwise a person's eyeballs might burst halfway through gathering the energy together.

"Since it's such a powerful technique, how about we give it a name?" Lord Thunder suggested.

Luo Chuang: "Sorrowful Beam 3 ?"

3(Probably a reference to the 'Sorrowful Palm' martial art technique in the Chinese series 'The Romance of the Condor Heroes.') Toya Immortal: "Mystic Eyes of Death Perception 4 ?"

4(A reminder that this a type of power that allows someone to "perceive death" or the "conceptual" death of a being, and comes from the visual novels 'Tsukihime' and 'The Garden of Sinners.') Cailian Zhenren: "A Stare That Can Make You Pregnant 5 ?"

5(This is a reference to the Japanese actor Miura Haruma, who has played various characters that wind up impregnating women, so the joke is that he can stare at any woman and make them pregnant..) Fang Xing: "Life-Disintegrating Ray 6 ?"

6(From the series 'League of Legends.') Wang Ling: "..."

"Mm, not bad, not bad... anything else?" Lord Thunder nodded his head. "Are there any short and awe-inspiring names? When Brother Ling shot two energy beams out of his eyes, weren't you a little moved by this stunning scene?"

At that point, Dharmaraja rubbed his jaw, scratched his head, then chuckled a little crudely. "I have one!"

Lord Thunder: "Let's hear it."

Dharmaraja: "Two! Waterfalls! Entering! Holes! 7 "

7(The Chinese word for 'waterfall' has the same pronunciation as 'dragon,' and the phrase 'two dragons entering holes' ... probably doesn't need an explanation ..) Everyone: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 285 Brother Ling, Can You Sing Twinkle Twinkle Little Star?


Everyone was instantly stupefied at Dharmaraja's sudden dirty joke.

Even Cailian Zhenren, who had been an old female driver in the cultivation circle for decades, couldn't help shuddering.

It went without saying that this amorous talk was beyond anything anyone could take, and the Soul Formation cultivators who were present were transfixed with horrified fascination.

Two Waterfalls Entering Holes... what kind of operation was this?

"Why's everyone struck dumb? Was my name not good enough?" Dharmaraja waved his hands helplessly. They were all grown-ups, what did it matter if they talked a little dirty? "Actually, I have even more impressive suggestions. Want to hear it?"

"Shut your mouth, you horndog!"

Before Wang Ling and Fang Xing could say anything, Lord Thunder and the others all yelled in unison.

Fang Xing: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

...

By then, the spatial wall had been blast open by the energy beam from the Heavenly Eye. The opening was over a meter in size, enough for a person to go through. Its burnt border gave off an unpleasant, scorched smell.

Staring at this opening, Wang Ling frowned slightly. "..."

He had thought that his beam would be able to completely blast open this spatial wall, and he had never thought that it would only be enough to create this man-sized opening. Although Lord Thunder and the others thought that this was incredible enough, Wang Ling wasn't satisfied.

It was becoming more and more difficult to deal with the enemies that they were starting to encounter now.

As he sighed in his heart, he involuntarily touched the talisman seal wrapped around his right arm. He didn't know if he would have to remove it one day, but he prayed that the day would never come.

"Let's go, it wasn't easy for Brother Ling to burn open this passage. Also, be on your guard at all times," Lord Thunder said as he gazed at this invisible yet clearly present barrier after giving it careful thought.

After all, the Ice Crystal Array was a holy array which was superior to the Five Elements Great Array that had been used to seal the old devil back then. Furthermore, its array spirit most likely had the independent ability to protect itself; it was very likely that any intruders who entered this space would be scattered by the array's power.

It happened just as Lord Thunder had expected.

Wang Ling was the first to step into the space, and the view in front of him changed swiftly — the space reversed itself, like an inverted mirror. In the distance, Wang Ling could see that the road sign for "Sanyuan Road" now showed "Road Sanyuan."

By the time he was on the ground again, he had already confirmed that this was the mirror space that had been set up by the Ice Crystal Array.

In front of him, a young man in white landed steadily.

Lord Thunder had just happened to be dropped into the same space as Wang Ling. Looking at the view in front of him, he couldn't help swearing loudly with astonishment.

At that moment, the initially bare Sanyuan Road was now crowded with a dazzling line-up of all kinds of palaces, some of which were even floating in the air like heavenly immortal residences. Just standing on the roadside, the both of them could already see dozens of sky palaces and numerous cultivation facilities nearby.

These buildings were made out of complex materials; each brick was packed full of spirit energy and had the ability to restore itself — all of these weren't ordinary things.

"This Immortal Mansion... they're so fucking rich!" Lord Thunder couldn't help cursing in his heart. Anyone would be jealous of such luxuries.

Lord Thunder recalled a story: In ancient times, a poor man survived after falling into a valley, and found a village beneath it called Golden Village. From the stele at the village entrance to the tiles on the buildings, even the piles of straw in everyone's backyards; they were all made of gold... Now, Lord Thunder felt like he had fallen into Golden Village.

Because they were in the mirror world, everything was reversed; even the clouds in the sky moved differently. However, time passed at the same rate as in the outside world.

The young man in white looked up at the sky. It was now dusk, and it was growing dark.

Strangely, the moment the stars came out, it was like a river that flooded the entire horizon.

The young man in white pointed at the sky. "Brother Ling, look, there are so many stars!"

Wang Ling: "..."

Before long, the young man in white slowly dropped his hand.

Because he noticed that these stars seemed to be swiftly growing in size at a visible rate...

It wasn't his imagination, right?

Lord Thunder drew in a deep breath.

Then, he opened his eyes again.

The stars which had been the size of sesame seeds earlier were now as large as millstones...

They weren't damn stars at all!

They were fucking spirit bodies that had been activated by the holy array!

It was only when those luminous "stars" came closer that Lord Thunder realized what they actually were — they were soul-like, transparent spiritual bodies that nonetheless radiated light.

As these array guardian spirits dropped from the sky, they coalesced together rapidly and finally formed a giant array guardian spirit beast which stood directly in front of Wang Ling and Lord Thunder.

It was a large, glowing fish with two feet and two heads, and a mouth packed full of shark teeth. When it landed on the ground, it began snarling wildly, the two long whiskers on either sides of its mouth fluttering aggressively in the wind.

Lord Thunder's lips twitched... Was this array guardian spirit a Pisces?!

...Fine, it wasn't the time to think about this now.

Without saying anything, Lord Thunder directly threw a Skybomb Grenade into its mouth, and there was a sound of an explosion. In the end, this colossal fish felt nothing at all; it just stupidly opened its mouth and puffed out thick smoke.

"This array guardian spirit is at Itinerant Immortal level at the very least." Lord Thunder frowned. After all, the mirror space was a product of the holy array; it made sense to have a guardian spirit at Itinerant Immortal level! The most troublesome thing about this guardian spirit was its thick and rough skin, coupled with its powerful ability to regenerate itself. There was no other option except to kill it in one strike.

...

" Hou !"

The two-headed fish roared loudly, its body glittering with starlight as each soul which was a part of it glowed.

Looking at this giant fish, Lord Thunder felt very helpless, and in the end, he turned to Wang Ling for help. "Brother Ling, can you sing Twinkle Twinkle Little Star ?"

Wang Ling stared at this giant fish for three seconds. "..."

He sighed.

Then, he pushed himself off his feet lightly and leapt upwards. Using his hand like a blade, he chopped this glowing giant fish into pieces.

Hiss ...

His attack didn't meet any resistance.

At that moment, Lord Thunder clearly heard a resounding crack.

One second earlier, this glowing giant fish had still been shrieking.

Now, it had already become steamed fish head with chili peppers...

Lord Thunder: "..."





Chapter 286 Set Off Firecrackers For You Ahead Of Time


Meanwhile, beneath the long string of palaces along Sanyuan Road, there was a secret underground palace.

Inside the underground palace, a Taoist in red held a long silver sword in his hand. The sword pulsed with starlight, and a miniature twelve stars array diagram was spread out over the blade. The Taoist in red ran his fingers along the sword, moving smoothly over the twelve stars array diagram.

As his fingertips slid over Pisces, there was a dull thud, immediately followed by the stars array diagram dimming...

The Taoist in red frowned slightly. "It seems we have some tough ones invading our Immortal Mansion this time. One of my Twelve Stars Palace Array guardian spirits, Pisces, has just died in combat; both its heads were chopped in half."

The eastern branch chief, holding a cage in his hands on the side, was stunned. "This bunch of people actually found this place?"

"Did you really think grabbing this sword was that easy? This cat-and-mouse strategy was for the sake of discovering Immortal Mansion's headquarters." The Taoist in red laughed.

The eastern branch chief turned pale with fright. "Then what should we do now?"

"It doesn't matter."

The Taoist in red waved his hand and stared at the cage in the chief's hand. "Since they've found us, we'll just get rid of all of them, so I don't have to waste my energy breaking the link between this spirit sword and its owner. Once its owner is dead, it'll no longer have a master."

"If I may be so bold as to ask, does Master have the confidence to deal with this bunch?" asked the eastern branch chief.

"They're just bugs."

The Master of Immortal Mansion laughed as he raised the star sword in his hand. "It will take a lot of power and spirit energy to deal with my Twelve Stars Palace Array guardian spirits. The Pisces guardian spirit was clumsy and also the weakest of them all. I don't believe the other guardian spirits are that easy to deal with!"

Just as he finished speaking, there was yet another sound of an explosion from the star sword!

Boom... boom boom boom...

It was eleven explosions in succession, and the Taoist in red was stupefied.

After that, he saw all the lights on the star sword extinguished in an instant.

The Taoist in red: "..."

The eastern branch chief: "Master, what's happening..."

The Taoist in red: "It's the new year soon... I'm setting off firecrackers for you ahead of time..."

The eastern branch chief: "...Master, who are you kidding... there's still six months left to the new year!"

The Taoist in red: "..."

For a time, it was an awkward scene...

After ten seconds, the Taoist in red narrowed his eyes. "Heed my order, raise the alert in Immortal Mansion to the highest level; any suspicious individuals are to be put down without mercy!"

...

Sometimes when he was on a mission with Wang Ling, Lord Thunder felt that he didn't have much of a presence at all. It was like taking a selfie; most people wouldn't take one with a more attractive person. The best, of course, was if the other party could set them off instead.

And now, he had this feeling... he felt that he was setting Wang Ling off perfectly.

In less than five minutes, the Twelve Stars Palace Array guardian spirits had been completely annihilated...

As soon as those spiritual bodies converged into the form of an array guardian spirit on the ground, Wang Ling crushed each of them with one blow.

Of the twelve guardian spirits, the most unfortunate one had been Virgo; for the spiritual bodies to combine in the correct order, it had taken a long while before Virgo could come down. In the end, it hadn't even finished taking shape before Wang Ling had defeated it in one strike...

But now wasn't the time to relax.

When he had been routing these array guardian spirits just now, Wang Ling had noticed that their composition wasn't as simple as Lord Thunder had thought.

Although these array guardian spirits had been activated by the holy array, there still had to be a magic weapon controlling them from behind. Wang Ling assumed, given the Master of Immortal Mansion's obsession with spirit swords, that the magic weapon manipulating these spirits was probably a spirit sword.

So in other words, although these array guardian spirits had been crushed for the time being, they weren't really dead. As long as that spirit sword wasn't destroyed, the guardian spirits would make a comeback when the spirit sword was full of energy again.

Wang Ling directly conveyed his speculation telepathically to Lord Thunder.

"I think Brother Ling's speculation makes sense!"

Lord Thunder nodded in enlightenment.

They had caused quite a bit of a disturbance, which made him a little anxious. "We shouldn't stay here for long... if we remain out in the open, we'll definitely be attacked again by the next round of array guardian spirits. Brother Ling, we have to find a way to sneak into the palace."

Whether it was a coincidence or not, just as they were about to make a move, the main gates of the palace in front of them opened without warning, and two ladies wearing red veils and blue Taoist robes came out.

Wang Ling's immediate reaction was that these two had to be from Immortal Mansion. To be able to reside in Immortal Mansion's headquarters, they had to hold high positions, and furthermore, their cultivation realms would be very high. At the very least, they had to be a level stronger than the eastern branch chief. Behind the veils they were wearing, they looked about twenty-four or twenty-five in age, but were more than a thousand years old.

Most cultivators could use youth-retaining techniques, so it was meaningless to judge their ages from their appearances. The most common way of determining a person's cultivation was to use your spiritual senses to perceive how weak or strong their aura was.

Wang Ling's six senses lit up; as soon as these female cultivators had appeared, he had already been able to sense that they had been cultivating for roughly two thousand and six hundred years. They were definitely stronger than the eastern branch chief, yet they weren't qualified to be called Perfected Beings as their innate talents truly weren't up to scratch.

The two ladies wearing red veils stared at Wang Ling for a while. One of them, who had the typical look of an online celebrity, frowned as she said, "Are you the intruders Master was talking about?"

The other female cultivator, who had an oval-shaped face, reminded her, "Sister Beauty, be careful... the array guardian spirits were at least at Itinerant Immortal level. These two must have some tricks up their sleeves."

Both Wang Ling and Lord Thunder were taken aback.

Beauty?

Was that a Taoist name?

It sounded a little odd...

Lord Thunder was curious, and turned to look at the lady with the celebrity face. "Beauty... is that your Taoist name?"

"Is there a problem?" The female cultivator with the online celebrity look hmphed. "Let me tell you, I'm called Beauty, and standing next to me is my younger sister Discount 1 . If you dare say we're not beautiful, we'll break all your three legs!"

1(This is from the second half of a saying, and translates to "There is no discount for beauty .. ") "Tch..."

Lord Thunder felt a chill in his crotch.

"..." Wang Ling looked these two female cultivators up and down. He didn't know whether it was because his own beauty standards had gotten worse or that there were more and more of these types of faces online nowadays... but he felt that these two were nothing much at all. Their faces weren't as fair as Jingke's, their hair weren't as glossy black as Lord Thunder's, and their legs weren't as long as Fang Xing's...

Of course, it wasn't like they didn't have any good points at all.

At least, they could match Dharmaraja's chest circumference...





Chapter 287 Give These Two Aunties Cappuccinos!


Lord Thunder thought that these two female cultivators were very bizarre, so he took out his cellphone to take a couple of photos. When the phone camera flashed, they turned pale with fright. The one with celebrity looks immediately covered her face. "What... what kind of dark weapon is this?"

Lord Thunder was flabbergasted. Although there were still plenty of old seniors nowadays who clung stubbornly to tradition and didn't use modern technology, it wasn't to the point that they didn't even know what a cellphone was.

He simply flipped his phone around and showed them the picture he had just taken.

The female cultivator with the celebrity face was stunned when she saw her countenance. "What magic treasure is this? It can actually preserve an image..."

Next to her, the female cultivator with the oval face also looked stunned. "Sister Beauty, look! Your skin looks much fairer in this magic treasure! Does it have the ability to retain youth?"

Her question made Wang Ling and Lord Thunder speechless. "..." This was just the phone's built-in skin enhancement function.

It was just a cellphone, but these two female cultivators were transfixed by it for a long while.

After two minutes, the one with the oval face whispered, "Sister Beauty, is this the magic treasure they call modern technology?"

"It should be!" The female cultivator with the celebrity face nodded her head very seriously.

"Are you really from Immortal Mansion's top level?"

Lord Thunder was beginning to doubt their identities; even if they were powerful, it was unnatural for them to be ignorant of modern technology to this extent. How long had it been since the world had already entered the Spirit Energy Information era?

"We were sent here when we were young, and have never stepped outside before. This is also our sect's rule, that inner sect disciples must sever all ties with the outside world. We only learned about technology when people from the outer sect came to headquarters to report on the situation," replied the female cultivator with the oval face.

It was a short explanation, but in truth, there was a long story behind it.

Wang Ling, Lord Thunder and the others would later find out that Immortal Mansion selected innately talented girls, in the same way that child brides were chosen, to join the inner sect, and parents would formally sign guardianship over to Immortal Mansion.

These disciples had to recite scriptures as designated by Immortal Mansion every day; if they were unable to do so, they would be flogged with a dragon whip as punishment. Apart from that, they also received special cultivation training. Every year, there were people who died during Immortal Mansion's training; only those who survived could truly become inner sect disciples.

The difference between Immortal Mansion's inner and outer sect disciples was that the former didn't need to cultivate the Panwu Immortal Martial Arts, but at the same time, they had no access to outside technology. Furthermore, the main thing about Immortal Mansion's inner sect disciples was that they were all female.

At that moment, for these two female disciples who were like villagers who had just gotten Internet access, the phone was proving to be a large temptation, and to them was no less than a first-class magic treasure.

"If I give this phone to you, can you help us sneak in?" Lord Thunder asked as he grinned his hallmark smile, full of white teeth.

"Are you joking?"

The female cultivator with the celebrity face hmphed. "If I kill you, then everything you're carrying will belong to us."

Lord Thunder still had his smile on. "No room for discussion?"

"No!" The two cultivators waved their hands.

"Alright..."

Lord Thunder sighed, then turned his head toward Wang Ling. "Brother Ling, give these two aunties cappuccinos1!"

1(Chinese online user Lu Benwei once played Chinese poker in a live stream against a girl whom he called auntie. Thinking he was about to win, he was so happy that he said he would "give this auntie a cappuccino". In the end, however, he lost the game, & online users turned his words into a meme) "Who are you calling aunties?!" The two female cultivators were furious.

In the next moment, they were about to rush at them.

Unfortunately for them, Wang Ling was the first to make a move before they could draw near.

This was followed by the sound of two dull thuds, "peng peng."

In an instant, Wang Ling had punched the two female cultivators with his friendly face-breaking fist. They fell to the ground, bleeding from their seven orifices and their faces turned into pumpkins.

"..."

Wang Ling blew the smoke from his fist and sighed in his heart: Too weak!"Ai~ did you have to go that far?"

Lord Thunder crouched down to check their breathing. After discovering that they were still alive, he breathed a sigh of relief. "Lucky..."

Although they hadn't exchanged many words, he felt that these inner sect disciples of Immortal Mansion were all victims themselves. For them to have been sent here at a young age and trained to be killing machines... to be able to survive all that really wouldn't have been easy.

Nowadays, every debt had its debtor; he who had given rise to this doomed fate had to end it.

Lord Thunder asked, "Brother Ling, can you read their memories to pinpoint the Master of Immortal Mansion's location?"

Wang Ling shook his head. He had already tried earlier on, but hadn't been able to uncover any useful clues. Although these two were inner sect disciples of Immortal Mansion, their positions were still too low.

Jingke's aura had disappeared shortly after Wang Ling had discovered Sanyuan Road, so he assumed that the Master of Immortal Mansion had likely used some method or magic treasure to hide Jingke's aura.

Wang Ling didn't think it would be strange if the Master of Immortal Mansion had taken out some prehistoric magic weapon this late in the game.

After all, he had viewed this person as a very troublesome enemy since the beginning.

"Looks like we have to think of a way to sneak in and look for someone with a higher rank." Lord Thunder rubbed his jaw as he turned the thoughts over in his mind.

When he looked at the two female cultivators on the ground, his eyes suddenly lit up.

His expression gave Wang Ling a bad feeling.

"Brother Ling, come help me!" Lord Thunder dragged the two girls into the palace. This was Sister Beauty and Sister Discount's private palace, and there was no one else here apart from them.

A moment later, Wang Ling saw Lord Thunder bow to the two female cultivators lying on the ground. "Forgive me, fellow Taoists!"

Then, he started to take off their clothes.

Wang Ling's astonishment was indescribable. In broad daylight, the grand Great Death-Courting Senior of the cultivation world was actually attempting to take advantage of two women... Had he eaten too much broccoli, and now wanted to start eating meat again?

Unraveling one of the female cultivator's sash, Lord Thunder felt Wang Ling's burning hot glare. He raised his head and sighed. "Brother Ling, you've known me for so long, am I the type of person to take advantage of other people?"

Wang Ling: "..."

After untying the sash, it was as if Lord Thunder had discovered a brand new world. "This is my first time seeing the female version of the Taoist robe — even the dudou2 is attached to it... Brother Ling, do you know how to take it off?"

2(The traditional Chinese form of the bodice) Wang Ling sunk into silence. "..."

After a full five minutes of examination, the young man in white finally figured out the internal structure of this women's Taoist robe. He had never expected that the straps of the dudou would be attached with a talisman, and only the female cultivators could undo them with their own fingers.

It took Lord Thunder a long time to arrange their limp bodies in position before he could turn their hands over to undo their clothes.

"Success!"

The young man removed one set of the Taoist robes as if it was precious treasure.

Then, he directly flung them at Wang Ling. "Brother Ling, take this! It's for you!"

After saying that, he started to take off the other female cultivator's clothes.

Wang Ling: "???"

Lord Thunder: "Don't just stand there, hurry up and put it on! We'll use women's clothes to sneak in!"

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 288 Great Minds Think Alike


They changed their clothes inside the palace of these two old aunties, Beauty and Discount. Since these two female cultivators had severed ties with the outside world, the only mirrors they had in the palace were bronze mirrors. Standing in front of the mirror, a single glimpse of his reflection out of the corner of his eye was already enough to make Wang Ling instantly want to die... Hm, no way was he letting anyone else see him like this!

"Wonderful! Wonderful!"

Lord Thunder praised Wang Ling while he clapped his hands. "Brother Ling, it's the first time I realize how cute you are!"

Wang Ling was wearing the blue Taoist robes and the red veil which the female cultivators had used to cover their faces. The young man in white had never expected that they would suit Wang Ling so well.

Before he could fish out his phone to take a picture, Wang Ling gave it a light glance out of the corner of his eye, and it instantly crashed.

Lord Thunder froze with surprise before his expression immediately turned pitiful. A picture of Ling Zhenren in women's clothing wasn't something that happened everyday... as a collector's item, it could be worth cities. Unfortunately, the intent was there, but he didn't have the guts to follow through. He had only wanted to check the time when he had taken his phone out just now... Mm, just to check the time! In the end, this small action had rendered his cellphone completely useless.

He sighed in his heart, took the phone out of his pocket, and removed the SIM card and memory card. "I just bought this phone."

Wang Ling glanced at the phone; it was the latest Pear model, which was thirty centimeters long.

The young man in white then dropped this broken phone on the two female cultivators on the ground. "Sorry we've offended you. This phone is useless now, but it may work again after some repairs... and even if it's beyond repair, it's still more useful than a cucumber."

Wang Ling: "..."

Lord Thunder: "Brother Ling, we're pretty much good to go... yet I still feel like we're forgetting something."

As he said this, the young man in white shifted his gaze to the fruits on the altar table in the palace. He crooked his fingers, and grabbed two apples that flew at him before stuffing them down his chest. He then turned to Wang Ling. "Brother Ling, do you want any?"

Wang Ling: "..." Drop dead! ...

At the same time, in the underground palace, the Taoist in red frowned slightly. "Have you locked onto the intruders?"

Immortal Mansion's Taoist robes were customized with special materials, and these materials could act as verification codes. After intruders entered Immortal Mansion, the Ice Crystal Array could be used to lock onto their auras and immediately track them down.

"We have a rough lock on them, but..." replied the eastern branch chief.

"But what?"

"There seems to be some people missing."

The eastern branch chief raised his hand. Spirit light sprung up below his sleeve and several scenes were projected in the air. "Master, these are the pictures that have just been transmitted by the holy array. They are all in different locations. The female cultivator's Taoist name is Cailian, and the man with a gourd on his back is Immortal Toya, who has been the talk of the cultivation world in the last few days."

"Hm, I know both of them," said the Taoist in red.

"As for the other three... one is Luo Chuang, the owner of Luo Chuang Metalware whom we tried to capture before but failed; the other one is Lightning Dharmaraja, who currently controls the only remaining holy relic, the godly thunder inheritance. The last one..." The eastern branch chief shook his head as he looked at the image. "I don't recognize this person. I have people looking into his identity at the moment."

"You said there were people missing?"

"Yes, Master, there are indeed some who are missing," said the eastern branch chief. "All these people revolve around that Great Death-Courting Senior, and the rumor is that there is a person called Ling Zhenren with him. He is the owner of this peach wood sword."

"Hehe, that's interesting. These two are probably the toughest of this lot to handle. But these are all minor issues."

The Taoist in red narrowed his eyes as he looked at the eastern branch chief. "I've now found the sword spirit most suitable for becoming a sword soul. In order to produce the ultimate godly sword, whether it's the sword spirit inside or the sword body, everything about it has to be the best. Since I already have the heavenly materials for the sword, I need an experienced smith to do the final forging."

Eastern branch chief: "Master, you mean...?"

The Taoist in red smiled slightly. "Before they come charging in, I want you to capture that Luo Chuang and bring him here."

...

After stepping past the spatial wall, Luo Chuang and Dharmaraja happened to end up in the same team. As soon as they landed, they could sense the array guardian spirits rising up.

"This is probably the power of some magic weapon, I'm guessing a spirit sword. Drawing on the power of the holy array, it's summoning the spiritual bodies to come together to form the array guardian spirits."

With just one glance, Luo Chuang had already guessed it. Gazing in the direction of the array guardian spirit's appearance, he probed for auras with his spiritual senses. "Is that... Ling Zhenren's aura?"

"Should we meet up with them first?" asked Dharmaraja.

Luo Chuang analyzed the situation. "We're not in a hurry. I reckon that those array guardian spirits will be killed instantly... Our priority right now is to hide ourselves. This holy array is not an ordinary one, and I'm guessing that Immortal Mansion uses it to search for auras and track down intruders."

It could only be said that Luo Chuang was Luo Chuang. His vigilance far surpassed an ordinary person's in situations like these. His history of coquettish tomb robbing was not in vain, so even though he was big, he was much more thoughtful in his heart

The two of them took refuge in the palace on Sanyuan Road, and found a hallway to camp out in.

Immortal Mansion's group of palaces could be accessed from anywhere. At that time, it had already given the order to capture the intruders, so as these two individuals entered on one side, they could sense countless Immortal Mansion disciples moving around on the other.

Dharmaraja felt his scalp turn numb. "Do you think there might be something else here?"

"This isn't a tomb... but of course that doesn't necessarily mean that there aren't any ghosts around," said Luo Chuang.

"Then should we light a candle in one corner and recite 'To seek the dragon through obstacles' 1 ?" said Dharmaraja.

1(This is part of a recitation which the protagonist uses in the Chinese fantasy tomb explorer movie 'Mojin: The Lost Legend.' If the candle goes out, it's a sign that ghosts are present in the tomb ..) Luo Chuang: "..."

They took shelter in this relatively inconspicuous narrow hallway for a while.

After a moment, Dharmaraja frowned. "Why are all the disciples of Immortal Mansion female?"

Hearing his question, Luo Chuang was struck by something. "Dharmaraja, did you notice that those array guardian spirits were focused on attacking just Ling Zhenren even when this bunch of female disciples were blatantly moving around outside? I believe that the Taoist robes they're wearing are probably a marker which helps the holy array to lock onto invaders."

Dharmaraja: "So, Brother Luo, your meaning is...?"

Luo Chuang answered earnestly, "I think we can dress up as women."

Dharmaraja: "..."

Dharmaraja: "Brother Luo, it's a great idea... but are you sure those Taoist robes will fit us?"

Luo Chuang: "..."





Chapter 289 Who Is The Real Cross-Dressing Big Shot?


Unlike normal clothes, Taoist robes were very flexible and stretchy. You just needed to squeeze into them a little to put them on; in Luo Chuang's view, it was like a woman's chest — squeeze them a little, and they seemed bigger.

Using the godly thunder inheritance to knock out two passing female cultivators, Dharmaraja dragged them into an alley, laid them out in a secluded corner, then removed their clothes.

"Brother Luo, it's so tight! My chest feels stuffy, I can't breathe!" Dharmaraja felt like a tightly wrapped dumpling in the blue Taoist robes, and both his chest and hips were bound so tight it hurt.

Luo Chuang wasn't that much better. "If you feel like you can't breathe, then use the turtle-breathing skill."

"Can we really do this?"

Luo Chuang was silent for a bit. "I'm not sure if this will work, but at the very least, the holy array won't be able to lock onto us, now that we've changed clothes.

"Now we can think of a way to meet up with Ling Zhenren and Lord Thunder," Luo Chuang said. "From now on, if we bump into other people, I'll have to trouble Brother Dharmaraja to knock them out with your lightning; before we find the Master of Immortal Mansion, we should avoid fighting and save our strength."

"Lord Jingke should be fine, right?"

"Currently, there's no way to tell."

Luo Chuang's first reaction had been that there was no way the eastern branch chief's spirit-suppressing flags could have imprisoned Jingke. This was all just Ling Zhenren's move in a game of chess to draw the Master of Immortal Mansion out. But after seeing the legendary holy array, the Ice Crystal Array, Luo Chuang now knew more about what Immortal Mansion was like... did that mean that the Master of Immortal Mansion still had other techniques to use?

Frankly speaking, he was a little worried. "If Lord Jingke's form was complete, there would be absolutely nothing to be afraid of. The problem is that he doesn't have a sheath, and only has a perpetual protective layer of sword qi. But from another point of view, since Ling Zhenren is using Lord Jingke as bait, I think he must be confident in his plan..."

After saying this, he looked up into the sky, which by now was completely dark. He could feel the Twelve Stars Palace Array guardian spirits that had been eliminated earlier start to coalesce once more.

"I wonder how Immortal Toya, Cailian Zhenren and Brother Fang Xing are doing..."

He stared into the air with a very deep expression; not everyone could withstand repeated attacks by the Twelve Stars Palace Array guardian spirits. Once these spirits regenerated, they would definitely start looking for the other intruders.

Previously, whether it had been Luo Chuang or anyone else, they had felt that this would be a relaxed operation. But it was only after they had entered Immortal Mansion for real that they truly felt how dangerous it was.

Whether they survived or not would truly depend on their luck!

...

On the other side, Wang Ling and Lord Thunder hadn't been in a hurry to leave after changing into the women's Taoist robes, and instead were looking around the palace of Beauty and Discount, these two female cultivators.

When they had stepped through the spatial wall before, Lord Thunder had already noticed that each palace had been made out of unusual bricks; they contained large amounts of spirit energy and at the same time had the ability to restore themselves.

Bricks which could restore themselves; what kind of concept was this?

It was as if each brick had a Dharmaraja inside, and even then, this ability to restore itself was still far more convenient than Dharmaraja using the godly thunder inheritance to weld broken parts together.

"Brother Ling, I feel that this Master of Immortal Mansion isn't that simple." The young man in white touched one brick of a stone pillar inside the palace. Less than three seconds later, he jerked his hand back as if he had gotten an electric shock.

At that moment, he had actually sensed the fluctuation of nomological power inside the brick; it had been like a viper winding around his finger before biting it.

"This is actually nomological power?" Lord Thunder was astounded. This meant that the Master of Immortal Mansion had very likely reached True Immortal level. Having said that, the set-up of nomological power here was very far-ranging, enough so that a trace of it was mixed into every brick — not even True Immortal level cultivators could do that.

On the side, Wang Ling narrowed his eyes, and a bead of cold sweat actually formed on his forehead.

Based on the standard list of cultivation realms, only cultivators at True Immortal level were able to use nomological powers at will. Of course, that didn't exclude the fact that there was a very small number of extremists who could use it without having reached True Immortal level. But relatively speaking, it was far easier to use nomological powers at True Immortal level.

However, to cast it out like a spider web to encompass everything... even General Yi would find this difficult to accomplish.

In Wang Ling's view, this level of power had already surpassed True Immortal.

But this probably wasn't the Master of Immortal Mansion's own power; if he had this ability, Jingke would already have switched owners, and the man wouldn't have to go through all this effort.

Wang Ling couldn't help sighing in his heart. Sure enough, putting an end to this matter was the right thing to do.

If they put it off, Immortal Mansion would be a ticking time bomb, and no one knew when it would explode.

After Wang Ling conveyed his thoughts to Lord Thunder through his mind, the young man in white was startled. "Brother Ling, you suspect that there's still another power behind Immortal Mansion? And that it's directly connected to the Master of Immortal Mansion?"

In fact, while Wang Ling had been speaking, the young man in white had already come up with a theory.

Gazing at the stone pillar in front of him, he took a step back. "Brother Ling, can you remove a brick from this stone pillar?"

Crack!With his eyes fixed on the stone pillar, Wang Ling curled his fingers and directly stuck them into the groove around a brick.

Shortly after that, he felt the same electric shock as Lord Thunder had; the nomological power in the brick lashed out at his fingers.

Frowning, Wang Ling felt the tips of his fingers turn a little numb.

And yet the power felt very gentle, even a little comfortable; it was like the kissing gourami that picked at your fingertips during a fish spa.

Firmly gripping the brick in front of him, Wang Ling slowly increased the strength in his hand.

The brick came out easily!

"Let me see!" Lord Thunder didn't dare touch the brick, and only came closer to take a look. Very quickly, realization dawned on him. "Just as I expected!"

Wang Ling observed the brick carefully. Apart from the massive nomological power and the pattern on it, he didn't notice anything unusual. But he felt that the pattern seemed somewhat familiar, as if he had seen it somewhere before.

"Brother Ling, do you know what familiars are?"

Lord Thunder looked at Wang Ling as he said, "The Almightys who died on the ancient battlefield could combine what remained of their lives with a special magic array in order to become spirits of the brave departed. In cultivation terms, we call these spirits familiars. The traces you can see on the brick were definitely left by a familiar, I am absolutely sure of it. Also, it's very likely that this familiar's special ability is to create massive amounts of restorative nomological power — Immortal Mansion's entire palace was built with it.





Chapter 290 Who Is Your Plastic Surgeon?


Wang Ling had long heard of familiars, but had never expected to encounter any so soon.

With the pattern left by a familiar on the stone brick as evidence, it went without saying that Immortal Mansion was indeed linked to familiars.

Summoning familiars was strictly banned under Huaxiu's laws; like certain methods of legacy inheritance, they were on the list of crimes of "opportunistic reactionary cultivation."

However, the main problem at the moment wasn't the familiars. Instead, what was worth pondering was how the Master of Immortal Mansion had learned the magic array to summon familiars.

A thought struck Lord Thunder. "There was a time when there were rumors about a magic array for summoning familiars being sold on the market; in the end, it turned out to be just a hoax. Some criminals had disguised a teleportation array as a familiar-summoning array, and had tricked a lot of people into frantically dropping antiques inside it..."

Wang Ling: "..."

"Also, a lot of people only know half the truth about the familiar-summoning array; not all so-called antiques or relics can be used to summon a familiar. To do so, the relic must contain tremendous amounts of remaining spirit energy... For example, if Dharmaraja used the godly thunder inheritance as a medium and combined it with the familiar-summoning magic array, it would definitely work," said Lord Thunder.

Wang Ling nodded at his explanation. After all, the godly thunder inheritance was a holy relic left behind by the Thunder Clan.

"But that would be breaking the law. Even if Dharmaraja knew the familiar-summoning magic array, he would never use it." Lord Thunder sighed and waved his hand. "Brother Ling, why don't you keep this brick first? Just this brick would be enough evidence of the Master of Immortal Mansion's huge crime and the volatile threat it poses to national security; this is already even worse than what the old devil did."

Wang Ling put the brick away in his vision field. As they were about to move, they suddenly heard the sound of hasty footsteps at the entrance of these two female cultivators' residence.

"Someone is coming!"

Lord Thunder quickly dragged the two female cultivators further inside.

After a handful of seconds, a female cultivator shouted at the front door, "Beauty? Discount? Are you here? Justice Elder has called us to gather together and discuss how we will deal with the intruders."

"Shall I open the door, Brother Ling?"

While Lord Thunder was hesitating, the female cultivator outside in the end directly pushed the door open and came in.

Wang Ling noticed that this slit-eyed female cultivator's Taoist robes were orange in color. From the memories of the previous two female cultivators, he immediately knew that she was a top-level Immortal Mansion inheriting disciple, with a higher rank then inner sect disciples. The Taoist robes worn by elder disciples were purple.

The slit-eyed female cultivator caught sight of them from ten meters away.

In that instant, the young man in white felt like his brain was buzzing.

What should they do?

Were they going to be exposed?

After about ten seconds of silence, this slit-eyed female cultivator exclaimed, "Wow! Beauty? Discount? How did you turn into this? Did you have plastic surgery without shifu's permission?"

Lord Thunder: "..."

The slit-eyed female cultivator moved closer and swept her gaze up and down Wang Ling. "You're Discount, right? Your oval face is the same!"

Wang Ling: "..."

The female cultivator look at him. "Which Mansion plastic surgeon did your face? I think your dead fish eyes are quite in character! Not bad, not bad!"

Wang Ling: "..."

After that, she looked at Lord Thunder, and stroked her chin. "Beauty, did you increase your height and get breast implants?"

"Anyway, why is Senior Sister Ya Xuan looking for us?" Lord Thunder used spirit energy to change his voice, imitating the female cultivator with the online celebrity face from before as he spoke. He had seen the word "Ya Xuan" on the nameplate at her waist, and knew that it had to be her Taoist name.

Lord Thunder remembered that the two ladies with the celebrity face and oval face had also had nameplates at their waists, but he hadn't taken them.

"Looks like we better take the nameplates with us, otherwise it'll definitely look suspicious," thought Lord Thunder... even though they already looked pretty suspicious now.

"I came to let you know that Justice Elder wants all inner sect disciples to gather together." This Senior Sister Ya Xuan gave the disguised Wang Ling and Lord Thunder a very solemn look. "The matter this time is very serious, and she wants you to go over as soon as possible. You know the flat top on Yuntai Pavilion? Assemble there in ten minutes."

"Yes, Senior Sister Ya Xuan."

"Don't be late, hey." The slit-eyed female cultivator smiled.

After that, she went to the next palace with the message.

Watching her walk off into the distance, Lord Thunder couldn't help sweating. Just now, she had been so close, almost face to face, but in the end she hadn't seen through their disguises... It seemed that not everyone with slit eyes were monsters 1 — some were just blind!

1(A reminder that slit eyes in anime, manga and gaming culture can denote a conniving or sinister personality) ...

Following instructions, Wang Ling and Lord Thunder arrived on the flat top of Yuntai Pavilion ten minutes later. Wang Ling hadn't known the specific location of the pavilion, but when the senior sister had come to the palace earlier, he had left a spirit mark on her.

That Sister Ya Xuan was already there ahead of time. Standing next to her on a platform on the flat top was a female elder in purple Taoist robes.

At the moment, several hundred inner sect disciples had gathered on the flat top, and Wang Ling and Lord Thunder slipped into the line-up. These inner sect female disciples were all trembling under the elder's wrath.

"I just did a headcount, and I've noticed that two people have actually yet to arrive!"

The female elder in purple sucked in a deep breath. "Master is already furious! Furthermore, he suspects that some spies have already infiltrated our ranks. These people who have snuck into our Immortal Mansion are likely to be disguised as our disciples! In an emergency situation like this, there are people who are actually late! Ya Xuan, can't you do things properly?"

Under this harsh reprimand, the slit-eyed female cultivator trembled slightly. "This disciple was careless, I will take any punishment..."

"You certainly will be punished." The elder hmphed. "Who are these two missing female disciples? Give me their names!"

"They are Little Bamboo and Little Chrysanthemum. I did let them know." The slit-eyed female cultivator felt wronged. "But it seems they've put on weight recently, and are probably having trouble climbing the mountain..."

The elder in purple was stupefied. "Put on weight?"

It was just as she said this that Wang Ling and Lord Thunder saw in the distance two stout female cultivators reach the top of the stairs to the flat top. Because their Taoist robes were too short, their calves were directly exposed, and their leg hair fluttered in the wind...

This scene almost made Lord Thunder cough up blood.

Brother Ling... I feel like my eyes have been blinded, Brother Ling!





Chapter 291 Get a Hold of Yourselves!


Because of the horrifying appearance of these two people, there was dead silence among the hundreds of female cultivators, including the elder in purple, for three whole minutes.

At the sight of them, the female elder in purple sucked in a cold breath before turning to the slit-eyed female cultivator. "Ya Xuan... are these the Little Bamboo and Little Chrysanthemum who have put on weight?"

The slit-eyed cultivator nodded earnestly. "Yes, shifu."

After that, the face of this female elder in purple twitched for a long time. "..." They were more like chikuwa1 that had been boiled for too long and an evolved Vileplume!

1(Japanese fish cake, 'chikuwa' literally translates into 'bamboo roll.') When Dharmaraja and Luo Chuang reached the top of the stairs, they could clearly feel the subtle tension in the air.

"Brother Luo, have we been discovered?" The burning hot gazes around them, especially from that elder in purple on the platform, were like Usami-chan's ominous expression when she uncovered a criminal2.

2(Usami-chan is a rabbit girl in the series "gag manga biyori" who uncovers criminals with her sharp detective skills) Luo Chuang sighed lightly. "Damn! I thought our disguises were perfect!"

"..."

It was clear to Wang Ling now — these two King Kong Barbies3 didn't have a hold of themselves at all.

3(Basically a term for muscular women, especial from working out) In fact, if they hadn't appeared here, Wang Ling thought that he and Lord Thunder could have hidden in the troops for a bit. But the moment these two King Kong Barbies had shown up at the pavilion, his plan had already been ruined.

"Evildoers, surrender!"

The female elder in purple on the high platform waved one hand, and two rays of golden light flew out of her sleeve, transforming into a circle of scripture writing in the air that covered them like a cage.

The slit-eyed female cultivator was shocked by her shifu's aggressive attack. "Shifu, what are you doing? They are our sisters!"

The female elder in purple brusquely stretched out one hand to pat her on the head.

"Are you an idiot?"

The female elder sighed in her heart, thinking that she shouldn't have sent the slit-eyed female cultivator to the inner sect earlier as a messenger. Otherwise, they wouldn't have attracted these "small moths." Ya Xuan was undoubtedly the most powerful disciple in the inner sect, which was why the elder had taken her in as her inheriting disciple very early on — however, her one weakness was that she was a little foolish and blind!

Given the urgent situation, she didn't have time to explain things properly, so she just sighed and simply said, "These two are the intruders. They probably changed into Little Bamboo and Little Chrysanthemum's clothes in order to take advantage of the situation and enter this place."

It was only now that this slit-eyed female cultivator called Ya Xuan was struck with realization. "So it's like that!"

...

While the elder was explaining the situation to Ya Xuan, fighting was on the verge of breaking out, and things were already beginning to happen.

Immortal Mansion's inner sect female cultivators all spread out to leave plenty of space for combat. They were well-trained, and even if battle could break out in an instant, there wasn't the slightest trace of panic.

In this situation, the first thing to do was to move to an open space, in order to avoid being hit by magic attacks during battle.

Luo Chuang and Dharmaraja naturally weren't in any way ordinary people. Although this female elder had struck swiftly, this trap wasn't stable enough to capture the both of them.

Hiss!Dharmaraja chose to meet her head-on. He activated the godly thunder inheritance and shot it directly into the air. The scripture writing in the sky was instantly enveloped by the godly thunder before it gradually disintegrated.

"Is this the legendary holy relic of the Thunder Clan?"

The female elder had a stunned expression on her face. Although she had heard from Immortal Mansion's emergency announcement that the intruders were formidable, she had never expected that there would be a descendant of the Thunder Clan among them.

Her preemptive strike hadn't had any effect. But except for the slight flicker in her expression when she had seen Dharmaraja's godly thunder inheritance, her gaze remained unruffled.

"Are you a descendant of the Thunder Clan?" The female elder fixed her deep gaze on him. If Dharmaraja was around, then the other intruders definitely weren't ordinary people.

She then shifted her gaze to Luo Chuang on the side. "Then... you are Luo Chuang? What a coincidence, our master would like a word with you."

Luo Chuang laughed as he looked at the female elder on the high platform. "As luck would have it, I would also like a word with your master. He forcefully stole our Ling Zhenren's spirit sword, and I must settle this score with him."

"Stole?"

She eyed Luo Chuang. "That spirit sword clearly belongs to our master! You are trespassers in Immortal Mansion, and Master has already given the order that apart from you, all offenders are to be executed on the spot!"

Luo Chuang was amused. "In all my years of hunting magic treasures, I've seen so many types of aggressive robbers, but I've never met one so shameless, stealing someone else's sword and saying that it was theirs to begin with. Since it's like this, then Brother Dharmaraja, let us meet them directly! No need to be polite about it!"

Dharmaraja raised his hand, and it sparked with electricity — one hundred percent of the godly thunder inheritance! When he called it forth, the sky turned dark as black clouds instantly rolled in.

Bang!A bolt of lightning from the sky struck Dharmaraja's body, and transformed into lightning armor.

Some distance away, Wang Ling and Lord Thunder watched events unfold amidst a crowd of Immortal Mansion female disciples. They felt Dharmaraja was somehow a lot cooler in this form. Enhanced by the godly thunder inheritance, not only had his natural power evolved to take the form of lightning armor, it had also vitalized his muscles, making his body a lot more toned.

At the same time, Luo Chuang had also stretched out his hand to take leather armor out of his vault and put it on.

Wang Ling had seen this armor before in Luo Chuang's metalware shop; it was the sky demon pigskin armor which he took so much pride in. Its short name was pigskin armor!

Although Luo Chuang had already modified the spirit energy attribute of this pigskin armor, it still couldn't conceal the demon king aura of the sky demon pig. As soon as he took the armor out, the elder in purple standing on the platform became deeply interested in it. She could now better understand why Master was interested in this Boss Luo.

"Brother Luo, be careful! These women aren't easy to deal with!"

Dharmaraja frowned. From a general overview of their fighting strength, he and Luo Chuang were on the brink of the late Soul Formation stage, which would be enough to fight this group of inner sect disciples. However, the female elder in purple on the platform wasn't simple trash, and they would need to cooperate together when they confronted her.

But the elder in purple wasn't stupid. With their current strength, Dharmaraja and Luo Chuang could crush any one of the inner sect disciples here — but if these disciples combined their strength, they wouldn't be so easy to deal with.

With these hundreds of inner sect disciples gathered together, they could join hands to set up a powerful magic array which even an Itinerant Immortal would have trouble escaping!

At this thought, the female elder couldn't hold back the excitement on her face. "On my command! Establish the array!"

"Brother Ling, not good!" Lord Thunder said in a low, alarmed voice.

When the female elder shouted for them to establish the array, Wang Ling stepped forward.

In that instant, time seemed to stand still...

The next moment, many of the female disciples collapsed under the weight of an immense spiritual pressure.

On the high platform, the female elder's face turned pale with fright.

What had she just seen?

Im... imperial aura?





Chapter 292 So Cute, They're Definitely Guys!


If Er Ha had been here, it would definitely find this scene very familiar; the difference was that back then, it was Er Ha who had fallen to the ground on its own accord, but this time, Wang Ling had released genuine spiritual pressure.

What kind of scene was this? At a distance, Dharmaraja and Luo Chuang felt deep terror in their hearts.

Below the female elder, just as hundreds of female disciples at the Soul Formation stage were about to establish the array on her command, they had frozen in their movements — it was as if they had been immobilized by the Sunflower Acupuncture Skill1.

1(A martial art technique from the Chinese TV series 'My Own Swordsman' and 'Longmen Express.') It had only been two seconds, but this bunch of female disciples fell over one by one like dominoes. Their postures were rigid, as if they had turned to stone, and their eyes were blank, their uncomprehending expressions indicating that they had no idea what had happened.

"What is this?" On the high platform, the female elder's eyes narrowed to slits. Among the female disciples that had fallen down under the massive spiritual pressure, she saw two whose frames seemed a little big, standing tall among the rest like two immovable mountains.

The instant Wang Ling had released his spiritual pressure, the female elder had already reacted, but she had still been too late. The protection barrier she had cast out had only protected the foolish disciple next to her, and the rest of the inner sect female disciples had gone down for the count in an instant.

"Ya Xuan, what's going on?" The female elder's lips twitched.

The slit-eyed female cultivator rubbed her head. "This... this is betrayal! Blatant betrayal! Shifu , as expected, you may know a person's face but not their heart. Bad enough that Beauty and Discount are fond of plastic surgery, but I never thought that their hearts would be so ruthless that they would help outsiders plot against our own people..."

The female elder in purple dropped her forehead into her hand and felt her head hurt. "Can't you see that it's two men?"

"Men?"

The slit-eyed female cultivator was shocked by her shifu' s question, and only then sized up Wang Ling and Lord Thunder carefully. After a moment, she shook her head and looked at her shifu innocently. "Their faces are so fair, how can they be male?"

After saying that, Ya Xuan this girl sighed. "Sure enough, the cute ones are all guys2!"

2(A common catchphrase when commenting on male cross-dressers.) The face of the female elder in purple twisted into folds that made her look like a steamed bun.

She already couldn't be bothered explaining it to her silly disciple.

On the other side of the high platform, Dharmaraja and Luo Chuang came back to their senses after their huge shock.

What was going on?

Ling Zhenren and Lord Thunder... had also put on female disguises?

"It seems my reasoning was absolutely correct!" Luo Chuang chuckled to himself. He was so proud that he had employed the same strategy as Wang Ling: changing into the Taoist robes of the female disciples to dupe the holy array's tracking system.

"I think this is my first time seeing Ling Zhenren like this," Dharmaraja murmured with extreme astonishment. Ling Zhenren's face was very fair to begin with, and with the veil plus the attached dudou inside the female Taoist robes, he looked completely natural and really like a cute little girl from afar.

The only flaw was his expression.

Ling Zhenren's trademark dead fish eyes were very apparent once you were close enough to see them. Unless he deliberately hid them, these eyes were really too conspicuous.

"I feel like I've seen something that I shouldn't have." Standing at a distance, Dharmaraja completely didn't dare go any closer.

Luo Chuang didn't know whether to cry or laugh. "I say, do you think he'll silence us?"

In short, they were in real danger!

They stared at Wang Ling from a huge distance away, and he pretended not to see them. His face didn't change, and it didn't reveal the slightest trace of embarrassment.

On the high platform, the female elder could tell who the strongest person was here, and she fixed her eyes on Wang Ling as she shouted sternly, "It looks like you're the core of this group of intruders. If you kneel down now and beg me for your life, you may still get out of this alive."

"What nerve, are dark forces nowadays all this arrogant?"

Lord Thunder scoffed. Now that they had already been exposed, he had nothing to be afraid of. "I overestimated Immortal Mansion — I can stab3 someone like you with one finger!"

3(The word for 'stab' can also mean 'to fuck someone.') The female elder was instantly enraged as she pressed her lips together. With a cold snort, she stomped down on the ground once, and the entire flat top of Yuntai Pavilion immediately shook as if from an earthquake. Like an electric current, fierce energy crackled underfoot, ready to explode under Wang Ling.

His was a preemptive strike with the force of a thousand jun4 behind it. If this energy, which was at Itinerant Immortal level, exploded under an early Soul Formation stage cultivator, their organs would promptly be blown apart and their primordial spirit shaken loose.

4(1 jun is 30 jin, 1000 jun is 30,000 jin, or 18 tons.) Gazing at this energy underfoot, Wang Ling just brushed his foot over the ground after a moment. The result was that this energy was instantly intercepted halfway, then it dissolved in an instant. Peace was restored on the flat top and even the earthquake had stopped — this energy attack hadn't worked in the slightest.

"What's going on?"

The female elder was stupefied; she totally couldn't understand how her attack had been neutralized.

At that moment, the slit-eyed female cultivator next to her suddenly recovered. " Shifu , I saw that cute boy with dead fish eyes who looks like a girl — it looked like he brushed his foot over the ground."

The female elder in purple was already too preoccupied to deride this random talk. Her face was very unsightly. Her move earlier wasn't some fucking "The Call of the Time" kick5! It had the power of an Itinerant Immortal behind it!

5(This was the second set of radio gymnastics for middle school students in China.) Even if the other party had reacted with a counterattack, shouldn't he have stomped heavily on the ground with equal strength in order to offset hers?

He had actually just brushed his foot over the ground, and the energy had dissolved...

The female elder in purple widened her eyes, a disbelieving expression on her face.

At that moment, she felt a hint of terror in her heart.

Obviously, she had no idea at all of the huge gap between them.

A real expert was someone who could counterattack with one small move and keep his countenance at the same time... Just this point alone was enough for her to already admit defeat in her heart.

At this thought, she couldn't help the few beads of cold sweat that rolled down her forehead.

" Shifu ... you can't win?" asked the slit-eyed female cultivator.

And the most humiliating thing was her silly inheriting disciple pointing out her weakness right at that moment... why had she taken this thing in back then?

The female elder's lips twitched. Since it was the truth, there was no harm in admitting it.

At that moment, she was in fact a little grateful to Wang Ling. Fortunately, that spiritual pressure earlier had knocked out these several hundred inner sect disciples, otherwise she really would have lost a lot of face in front of them.

She was a grand Itinerant Immortal, but the power from one stomp of her foot had been neutralized by a cross-dressing young man with a brush of his toe...

This truth was just too brutal.

Now, she completely understood; these people were here to deliberate stir up trouble! The way that cross-dressing young man had brushed his foot over the ground was just like something that could be summed up in one phrase: I'm just rubbing, I won't go in... And so, here was the question.

At that moment, the female elder had a frightening thought: If that young man had really stomped down with his foot, would she have been able to survive?





Chapter 293 Intrinsic Spirit Field


It was obvious that the current situation was already out of this female elder's control. If this young man hadn't been here, she thought she would still have had a fifty percent of winning, even if Dharmaraja and Luo Chuang combined their strength. As an Itinerant Immortal, she had a bigger advantage.

Unfortunately, Wang Ling's presence had ruined all her plans, and she was completely at a loss.

At that moment, all kinds of thoughts circled through her mind... what now, surrender?

She indeed had this thought.

Seeing how Wang Ling had counteracted the force of her stomp with a brush of his foot over the ground, the female elder had already accepted that the winner of this conflict had been decided, and she didn't want to fight any longer. However, she didn't dare admit her defeat out loud... If she surrendered here, she would definitely incur Master's wrath in the end.

When it came down to it, she was just a middle man. Whatever she did next would only wind up in embarrassment for her.

Whenever something like this happened, the best thing to do was to pass the buck on to someone else.

This female elder in purple stared at her inheriting disciple next to her in heavy silence for a while...

"Shifu, what should we do now?" asked the slit-eyed female cultivator.

"Ya Xuan, call your Senior Uncle Feifei to come," the female elder said without hesitation.

The slit-eyed female cultivator: "But... how do I call him?"

The female elder: "Didn't you make an earthen pot before? That day on your birthday, he left a mark on it. You just need to smash the pot, and your senior uncle will come."

Lord Thunder laughed. "You can't win, so you're calling for reinforcements?"

The corner of the female elder's mouth twitched again. "You outnumber us; winning like this wouldn't be honorable!"

"Fine, do whatever you want." Lord Thunder waved his hands.

His agreement wasn't meant to create trouble for Wang Ling; it was Wang Ling who had personally told him to let them do so.

When Wang Ling had brushed his foot over the ground just now to dissolve the force of the female elder's stomp, his real intention actually had been to create a link with her spirit energy through her attack. In this way, he could secretly search her memories without being noticed.

But after going through her memories, Wang Ling had been disappointed. Because her rank wasn't high enough, she had had very few opportunities to meet the Master of Immortal Mansion, and thus didn't know very much more about the master than those inner sect female disciples.

But now that the other party was calling in reinforcements, Wang Ling simply couldn't be happier.

The reinforcements they would call for in a situation like this definitely had to be someone significant!

...

Following the elder's instructions, the slit-eyed female cultivator took out the earthen pot with trembling hands, then threw it onto the ground with a cry of "haiyah."

The instant it shattered, whether it was Wang Ling, Lord Thunder or Dharmaraja and Luo Chuang on the side, they could all clearly sense the vigorous spirit energy that poured out of the pot.

"What powerful spirit intensity!" Lord Thunder furrowed his brow.

Spirit intensity was the standard measurement of spirit energy, and a scale for measuring spirit intensity was currently being sold on the market. At that moment, the spirit intensity that had been unleashed had definitely surpassed what the scale could measure... In a real sense, it was at one hundred percent!

"Who is it?!"

Within seconds of the pot shattering, there was a bellow of rage in the air; the voice seemed to be coming from the distant horizon in an unceasing tide of noise.

A moment later, a massive black figure dropped from the sky with a resounding boom as the earth shook heavily from the impact.

From their initial contact with Immortal Mansion, Wang Ling already knew that it didn't have any male disciples. But the huge monster which had appeared in front of them was still beyond their expectations. It was a twenty-zhang tall silver giant horse in armor, which stared menacingly at Wang Ling and his group.

"What is that thing?" A huge shadow enveloped them, and it was so oppressive that sweat instantly started to roll down the foreheads of Dharmaraja and the others.

"I believe this horse has something to do with the holy array!" Luo Chuang knitted his eyebrows together.

Very quickly, however, that sense of oppression disappeared after Wang Ling covered everyone with his protective golden light.

This silver warhorse silently stared at this protective golden light for a bit. After that, its enormous body gradually shrunk down to a regular size, though the pressure it released didn't diminish in the slightest.

"Brother Ling, could this be..." Lord Thunder already had an inkling of this warhorse's origin.

It had to be...

Wang Ling looked at the silver warhorse in front of him and narrowed his eyes.

This was a genuine holy beast. Furthermore, it was endowed with the abilities of a core array pattern, which was why it was saturated with spirit energy and had such formidable strength.

When they had been sucked into the game space back then, Lord Thunder clearly remembered that Wang Ling had destroyed the array pattern in one stroke, causing the entire space to instantly collapse. Now, this holy beast bore the power of the core array pattern. If they injured it heavily, the Ice Crystal Array might not collapse straightaway, but it would definitely have a heavy impact on the structure of the space.

When that time came, they wouldn't have to continue wearing women's clothes!

Of course, this wasn't the main problem.

The main issue was, Immortal Mansion actually had a holy beast?

Hadn't all of them already died out earlier on?

Whether locally or abroad, a first-class spirit beast would be a major discovery. Countless spirit beasts had become extinct not so long ago due to extreme campaigns and hunting by cultivators. In the olden days, plenty of spirit beasts and even holy beasts had been killed for bone soup and meatballs... According to ancient texts, there had been a pitiful nine-headed lion1 holy beast which had been beheaded by a brat and turned into braised lion's head2.

1(From "Journey to the West")

2(This is the name of a dish made with pork meatballs) Although for now, they didn't know this silver warhorse's origin, from its aura, there was no doubt that it was a holy beast!

"Are you the one who hurt our Immortal Mansion people? Now that you've come, why don't all of you just stay!" the silver warhorse roared as it raised its front hooves.

In just a blink of an eye, the space around them transformed, and they found themselves in a barren landscape.

Everyone had been sucked into it, and Dharmaraja and Luo Chuang were deeply shocked.

"An intrinsic spirit field?!" Luo Chuang narrowed his eyes.

"What's that?" Dharmaraja was stupefied.

"It's also a type of small world, and is also known as the Internal Small World. Formed inside the body, it can be instantly released during battle. Massive amounts of spirit energy can be stored in the spirit field, and only the person who discharges the spirit field can use this spirit energy... In other words, if we run out of spirit energy, we won't be able to replenish it inside the spirit field." Luo Chuang narrowed his eyes. "As expected of a holy beast..."

"Then what should we do now?"

"We can only depend on Ling Zhenren... We don't have enough strength to fight an enemy who can discharge an intrinsic spirit field." Luo Chuang sighed as he patted Dharmaraja's shoulder. "Just be like me, and be a commentator — commentators never die."

Dharmaraja: "..."





Chapter 294 In Theory


It went without saying how powerful an intrinsic spirit field was; just being in one made people feel uncomfortable all over. Of course, there were two individuals who were exceptions — the female elder in purple and the slit-eyed female cultivator, Ya Xuan.

They were covered in a magic spell layer, which was like a secret key to protecting them from the oppression of the spirit field and from their spirit energy being cut off, hence preserving a supply flow of spirit energy from the outside world.

"So, Senior Immortal, do you know what kind of divinity this holy beast has?" While Wang Ling confronted this silver warhorse, Dharmaraja and Luo Chuang quickly seized the opportunity to head over.

"Mm... I can't tell for now." Lord Thunder couldn't help shuddering; these two in women's clothes were really too terrifying.

"Holy beasts have their own names. If we can find out its name, we may be able to consult ancient texts for its weakness." Luo Chuang stared at this silver warhorse with a deep frown. He felt that it was like something he had seen before on a totem in a tomb he had once robbed. That totem had been of a silver warhorse wearing armor. It had had a horn on its head and two broad steel wings.

After looking at the warhorse for a very long time, Luo Chuang shook his head. "This holy beast is a unicorn, but there's currently no way for us to find out its exact name."

Lord Thunder: "I heard that disciple next to the female Taoist in purple call it Senior Uncle Feifei."

Dharmaraja's jaw dropped as he blurted out, "So its name is Ma Feifei 1 ?"

1(Feifei and Wuwukai are live stream partners. Feifei is nicknamed Ma Feifei for the way he sucks up to Wuwukai, as adapted from the Chinese phrase 'pai ma pi,' which means 'to suck up to .. ') Lord Thunder and Luo Chuang: "..."

...

At that moment inside the intrinsic spirit field, Wang Ling and the silver warhorse were exchanging deep looks.

The warhorse had gotten quite the shock; under normal circumstances, apart from the person who discharged the intrinsic spirit and those with the spirit field's secret key, everyone else would bow under the massive pressure, and once they ran out of spirit energy, they wouldn't be able to replenish it.

Therefore, for cultivators who became trapped in an intrinsic spirit field, many of them would adopt a defensive strategy and make it their number one priority to save up their spirit energy in order to destroy the field.

However, to the silver warhorse's surprise, it could sense the vigorous spirit energy roiling intensely in the youngster in front of it; the field hadn't had the slightest impact on him.

Wang Ling had already switched the female Taoist robes for a red and black sports jacket and a pair of track pants, which was what stunned the silver warhorse the most; without any magic vestments or even treasures to defend himself, and purely relying on his corporeal body to resist the intrinsic spirit field... just how large was the source of this youngster's spirit energy?

In addition, continual use of the protective golden light of a Sage Body should accelerate the consumption of spirit energy, but not only was this youngster not the least bit affected, he had even cast the golden light on the other three for protection... this person was human, right?

The silver warhorse simply couldn't fathom how a cultivator who was clearly only at Perfected Being level, judging from his realm, could have such frighteningly unlimited spirit energy.

"No one can act recklessly against me in my spirit field."

Narrowing its eyes, the silver warhorse abruptly spread its steel wings. They were fully twenty zhang in length, and pointing up to the sky, they looked like two steel blades.

It stomped the earth with four brawny legs, its iron hoofs ringing and shaking the ground.

Sprinting forward several dozen meters, it took off into the sky, the steel wings on its back slicing through the air before pointing forward like crossed prongs as the warhorse hurtled toward Wang Ling.

Wang Ling extended his right hand, and spirit energy instantly swirled in his palm. Then, he sent it forward with a light push.

This countermove was merely to test the strength of this wing attack.

This dense concentration of spirit energy, which discharged intense fluctuations like a huge spirit turbine, was easily dispelled by the silver warhorse halfway.

Wang Ling narrowed his eyes at this scene.

This result wasn't a surprise; this wing attack could ignore the golden light's defense to a certain extent, and cause forceful damage.

Lord Thunder and the others also twitched their lips at this scene.

During such a tense confrontation, Wang Ling actually had the time to send out a feeler to test the strength of the other party's offense...

"Too extraordinary..." Amazement welled up from the bottle of Luo Chuang's heart.

"From another point of view, Brother Ling is very confident in his ability to discharge his magic instantly." Lord Thunder also sighed. If a person was able to refine their ability to instantly release magic at full power — indeed, to do it the same way that Wang Ling could — they wouldn't have to worry about making the first move, because even if they were late to attack, they could instantly cast multiple spells, both for offense and defense.

In the air, the silver horse's gaze was complicated.

This scene had stupefied it as well.

And before its surprise faded, something even more stunning happened. As an immense amount of spirit energy encircled Wang Ling's palm, he transformed his hand into a spirit blade that directly grew to the length of several dozen meters. It also cut though the air like a prong, and pushed back against the wing attack.

The response to a destructive attack was obvious.

It would be fine as long as the attack couldn't get close.

In that split second, the silver horse's forehead was covered in sweat. Even at this distance, it could feel the piercing pain from the wind pressure, and in the face of this absolute strength, it realized that everything else was superfluous.

The two prongs collided in mid-air and were directly destroyed at the same time.

It wasn't until now that the silver warhorse realized how serious the situation was. As a holy beast, its ability to sniff out danger was far superior to a normal cultivator's. It was unable to correctly gauge the strength of the youngster in front of it, but it instantly made a decision.

Steel wings facing forward, it hurtled toward Wang Ling in a wild, reckless move, like a massive dying meteor, with the intent of taking Wang Ling down with it.

The silver horse was risking its life on this one strike, so it had to hit its target; it would be like sacrificing eight hundred man to slay a thousand.

But the silver horse didn't care one bit, and launched itself fiercely from the air. Taking into account both the timing and position, conditions were just right and within its control.

Actually, it had an excellent strategy, which was enhanced by the intrinsic spirit field and core array pattern — there was no way it could die.

The reason why holy beasts were called as such wasn't just because of their remarkable life force, but more because of their hearts. As long as the heart was preserved, a holy beast had the tremendous ability to regenerate itself.

In theory, Wang Ling would definitely be the one who would be injured in the end, and perhaps even perish. Even if the warhorse sustained severe injuries, it had the core array pattern and the beast heart to protect it, so at least it wouldn't die.

Mm... in theory...





Chapter 295 Everyone Has a Responsibility to Care for Animals


Wang Ling looked up into the sky, his red and black jacket flapping in the strong wind. With the jacket unbuttoned, one could clearly see the young man's distinct collarbone and defined lines.

This was the weakest and thinnest body the silver horse had ever seen, but the spirit intensity of the energy it carried was shocking.

This was just a human cultivator, yet he had such dense spirit energy despite the intrinsic spirit field and the core array pattern... and the silver horse was actually unable to match it.

It already no longer had words to describe the strange feeling it was experiencing. This was the first time it felt like it wasn't fighting one human cultivator, but that it was pitting its entire strength against the whole world...

The Chosen One... did such a person truly exist?

The silver horse pondered this deeply as it turned into a fiery meteor.

The intrinsic spirit field shook as the silver warhorse hurtled down from the sky toward Wang Ling; as for what would happen next, it had no idea. Two rounds of conflict had already told it one thing — the youngster in front of it defied common sense.

To be or not to be... to do it or not, to hit him or not...

In the second before it hit the ground, the silver warhorse felt that this philosophical question was just like Schrödinger's cat — you wouldn't know the outcome of something until you did it.

Eyes fixed on this fiery meteor as it grew larger, Wang Ling drew in a deep breath. Even he had to admit that the attack this time round was so fierce that he would definitely be badly injured without any protection at all.

Under such a fierce attack, cultivators would generally choose to put all their strength into defending themselves, but if it was Wang Ling, it would make things even more dangerous.

The silver horse's strategy of sacrificing eight hundred to slay a thousand had been calculated by also taking the strength of Wang Ling's defense into account. Since ancient times, cultivators with Sage Bodies tended to be arrogant, and liked to rely on their golden bodies to charge forward.

But the silver horse had misread Wang Ling.

Even if he had the powers of a Sage Body, for Wang Ling, the best defense was actually offense.

And so, when the silver warhorse had turned itself into a falling star, Wang Ling had been gathering power in his right fist.

One punch!

There was a tremendous "bang" inside the intrinsic spirit field!

It was as if Lord Thunder and the others could see a thirty-zhang wide warhead being fired directly out of an invisible cannon with Wang Ling at its center. The powerful recoil caused the ground behind him to straightaway cave in.

The wind pressure from this punch was enough to make the silver horse cough up blood the moment the pressure reached it. If its armor hadn't absorbed some of the damage from the wind pressure, it would have already been killed.

As a holy beast, however, it refused to yield no matter what, and it went all out in one last dive at Wang Ling.

But for Wang Ling, all this was utterly meaningless.

Behind the silver warhorse, the female elder in purple and the slit-eyed female cultivator looked on helplessly as that fiery meteor was stopped by the power of Wang Ling's fist, and tragically fell to one side.

It crash landed...

In that moment, Wang Ling couldn't help wanting to recite a poem.

— Then I would die, and even my feathers would rot in the soil...Why are my eyes always brimming with tears...

Because I love this land so deeply1...

1(From the poem "I Love This Land" by Ai Qing) ...

"Shifu, has Senior Uncle Feifei... lost?" asked the slit-eyed female cultivator as she gnawed her fingers.

The face of the female elder in purple twitched, but before she could knock her silly disciple over the head, that young man's punch, which had been like a shot from a cannon, had already smashed into the spirit wall of the intrinsic spirit field. Numerous web-like cracks instantly appeared and spread out over the spirit wall.

"Not good!"

The female elder was pale with fright — it was all over. The silver warhorse was badly injured, and the secret key to the spirit field had lost its usefulness.

Hence, the moment that the spirit wall was hit, both of them were flung out heavily by the spirit field, and they hit the flat top of Yuntai Pavilion.

On the other side, Wang Ling and his company also retreated after the intrinsic spirit field was destroyed.

The protective golden glow kept them perfectly safe from the blast of the spirit field being destroyed, and enabled them to land steadily on the ground.

Coughing up a mouthful of blood, the silver warhorse fell over on one side of the platform, its neck at a crooked angle.

Wang Ling sighed inwardly as he gazed at this silver horse. Its expression was obstinate and full of wrath as it tried to get up again.

Wang Ling raised his foot as he wondered whether he should stomp on it or chop it with his blade one final time. In the end, Lord Thunder stopped him with a shout. "Brother Ling, show some mercy. Although there are no more holy beasts, if they were still around, they would be nationally protected animals."

Oh...So it was a nationally protected animal.

After some thought, Wang Ling in the end removed his foot. The warhorse's head was drenched in sweat.

It could already picture what the ending would have been like if that foot had stomped down. Now, although its heart was injured and bleeding, at least it hadn't been completely destroyed. For this serious wound, it only needed five days... no, just three days, to get back on its feet!

If a normal spirit beast, even a first-class one, had been this heavily injured and wasn't treated immediately, it could only wait to die.

The reason why holy beasts were called as such was because of their immense life force; it was also the reason why they had become extinct.

Back then, cultivators who sought the heavenly path in pursuit of immortality would fight over the hearts of holy beasts, even starting world wars over a single beast heart. But modern cultivation science had demonstrated that the reason why these beast hearts were so powerful was because holy beasts had unique blood compositions.

To put it simply, a beast heart could only function effectively when it was in the body of a holy beast. Once it was taken out, this thing was just like some healthcare laxative.

In that moment, this silver warhorse with the crooked neck gasping on the ground had already lost all of its previous stubbornness. It had always harbored a profound hatred of human cultivators; the only reason it had chosen to cooperate with Immortal Mansion was purely for the sake of revenge. Hence, it wouldn't give even the Master of Immortal Mansion any face.

But after just a few rounds against Wang Ling, it realized that this human cultivator wasn't like any of the other trash humans it had ever seen before!

And so, when Wang Ling had approached it, for the first time in its life, it had felt thick terror.

Everything cycled back to that oft-asked question.

"Who... on earth are you?" the silver warhorse asked fearfully, as it lay helpless on the ground.

Wang Ling felt like every single time he fought and won, the other party would always ask this question.

But he had already prepared for this today.

Spirit light flashed in his hand, and a brown notebook appeared.

The silver warhorse laughed weakly. "Are you going to subdue me with the law when I'm down?"

After that, it realized that it was thinking too much.

Wang Ling placed the brown notebook in front of it.

To the silver horse's surprise, it was actually a student ID card...

The silver warhorse: "..."





Chapter 296 You Are My...


Lying on the ground, the silver warhorse stared blankly at the student ID and didn't know what expression to use in front of Wang Ling.

From the ID, it could confirm two things. First of all, the cover was made of leather... and secondly, this human cultivator in front of it was a genuine high school student. There was a metal stamp on the ID which contained traces of magic, so the warhorse was sure of it.

A high school student...

The silver horse's hair stood on end. Were all high school students nowadays this formidable? What were they feeding them...

Staring at the silver horse, Wang Ling stretched out one hand and rested it on its body, and the horse twitched involuntarily. It tried to get up, but found it hard in its current state.

"You... what are you doing?" The silver horse's expression was full of terror.

But Wang Ling didn't hurt it further; he just felt around for the core array pattern which covered its body, then used magic to pull it out and straightaway tear it apart.

The silver horse was dumbfounded once again; this was its first time actually seeing this type of operation. This was a fucking core array pattern! It could be considered a phantom thing, and contained a highly dense amount of spirit energy; pulling it out with your bare hands was like sticking a wet finger into an electric socket.

This human wasn't just frightening; the way he did things was also very rough.

This was the silver horse's second impression of Wang Ling.

"What should we do with them?" Dharmaraja's gaze swept over their surroundings as he realized that there were still a lot of things which needed to be sorted out: there were the female disciples who had been knocked out by the spiritual pressure earlier, plus the shifu and disciple who had been knocked unconscious after they had been thrown out of the intrinsic spirit field.

In the instant that the female elder had been flung out, she had still wanted to protect her silly disciple, and had been heavily injured. Blood trickled from the corners of her mouth and her nose; it was likely that her primordial spirit had sustained some sort of hurt.

Dharmaraja and Luo Chuang blushed for this Itinerant Immortal who had been affected so badly just from being thrown out of the intrinsic spirit field. But if they hadn't had Ling Zhenren's protective golden light around them, it was likely that they would also have been severely wounded.

"Tie them up first," said Luo Chuang. "I brought plenty of rope."

"No... I think the first thing you should do is take off those women's clothes." Lord Thunder gazed at them and his lips twitched. When he had watched Wang Ling pull apart the core array pattern, he had already been itching to comment on it; these two were just too painful to look at in women's clothes.

" Ai , it was a rare opportunity..."

Dharmaraja looked a little reluctant when he took the women's clothes off.

Lord Thunder: "..."

...

The situation on the top of Yuntai Pavilion had settled for the time being, but things weren't over yet. The core array pattern on the silver warhorse's body had only been one part of the Ice Crystal Array; severing it wasn't enough to completely stop the array, but it could prevent the array guardian spirits from reforming in an incessant flow of attacks.

"You've already won. With such power, there is no need for you to be afraid of the Master of Immortal Mansion at all." The silver warhorse lay weakly on the ground and struggled to breathe as it lifted its gaze. Wang Ling drew closer, and realized that the silver horse actually had eyelashes.

Previously, he had heard that slit-eyed female cultivator call it Senior Uncle Feifei... but wasn't this a mare?

"I found traces in the palace of the Master of Immortal Mansion using a magic array for summoning familiars. How can he possibly lose so easily, if he has the support of familiars behind him?" asked Lord Thunder.

"This person is pretty suspicious. He used a regeneration magic array created by a familiar to construct this large Immortal Mansion building complex. He then used a magic incantation to control the familiar and have it kill itself... I saw this with my own eyes, so I'm sure of it," the silver warhorse slowly explained without hesitation.

"What kind of operation is this..."

Lord Thunder was startled when he heard this, then he suddenly realized something and asked, "You're a holy beast with Immortal Mansion, why are you telling us this classified information?"

The silver horse didn't say anything, then looked weakly at Wang Ling. "Even if I don't say it, you can probably guess why, right?"

"Mm... true enough." Lord Thunder nodded his head.

The silver horse sighed. "Right now, I'm so weak I can't even stand up. A technique like the memory retrieval spell is like using modern X-ray technology, and is in fact quite harmful to the brain. If you keep using that on me, I might not even know how to ride a bicycle anymore."

Lord Thunder: "..."

After saying this, the silver horse looked a little hesitant before it said, "Furthermore, I'm really not one of Immortal Mansion's people."

"What do you mean by that?"

"Our silver unicorn clan used to be a glorious clan among the holy beasts. But over the years, too many of our clansmen died when mankind hunted us for our beast hearts. I am the only one who survived that disaster." It laughed bitterly. "I utterly despise humans... join and serve them? The only reason I'm doing this is all for revenge."

Lord Thunder understood a little better now. This could be considered an utterly simple and blunt reason: while it might sound like they were working together, the silver horse was actually borrowing Immortal Mansion's strength to take revenge on society.

But though this silver unicorn utterly despised humans, there was one person who was different, and that was the slit-eyed female cultivator lying unconscious next to the female elder in purple.

The silver unicorn looked at where the slit-eyed female cultivator lay on the ground, and it suddenly turned to Wang Ling with a pleading expression. "Please don't hurt her. I was the one who brought this girl to Immortal Mansion, and this was part of my arrangement with the master."

"An arrangement?" Lord Thunder rubbed his jaw.

The silver unicorn said, "This girl helped me out a lot, and also suffered for it. She didn't used to be stupid. Unfortunately, poison damaged her brain. The Master of Immortal Mansion happened to have something to suppress the poison inside her body."

"What kind of poison is it?"

"This poison is a little complicated, so it would take me a while to explain it clearly. Using my holy beast blood as a trigger, she has to take the root of the tropical sundew once every three days to keep the effects of the poison at bay." The silver horse became agitated as it said this, and coughed up another mouthful of blood.

Lord Thunder looked at the blood-stained ground with some regret... all this poured out on the ground was "gold."

In addition, when he heard the silver unicorn mention the root of the tropical sundew, he was stunned, as this was a rare drug ingredient that was already on the verge of becoming extinct.

"Brother Ling, is there a way to get rid of the poison inside her?" Thinking for a while, Lord Thunder abruptly turned to Wang Ling.

"You can neutralize it?" On the ground, the silver unicorn had a disbelieving expression on its face.

Then, it saw Wang Ling walking toward the girl, a white light glowing in his right hand.

Wang Ling stretched out his hand and placed it on her head. As he activated the Great Purification Spell, wisps of black smoke drifted out of her ears.

The entire thing took less than a minute.

The corner of the silver unicorn's mouth twitched. "This... is it done?"

Lord Thunder nodded earnestly. "Yes, it's gone."

The silver unicorn sucked in a sharp breath and stared at Wang Ling in reverence. Although it was still weak, it thought Wang Ling had been too cool just now, and it yelled in excitement, "MASTER! You are my MASTER!"

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 297 I Don't Want to Be a Silk Banner!


To win the favor of a holy beast definitely wasn't an easy thing to accomplish.

Lord Thunder had to admit that Wang Ling indeed had a special kind of charisma.

After all, this was a silver unicorn in front of them now, a species that could hardly be seen anymore. If word got out, it wasn't farfetched to think that people would go to war over it.

Staring at the silver unicorn, the young man in white sighed. "If you want to join us, you need to take a test."

"A test?"

After some consideration, the silver unicorn quickly nodded. "As long as you don't hand me over to the nation, anything is fine."

Lord Thunder: "..." Nowadays, even holy beasts were so frank...

The young man in white had felt many times that all this had truly happened because of fate and destiny. Obviously, fate and destiny had arrived, so it was now just a matter of choice. The young man didn't dare to take the lead in this; the person this holy beast admired was Wang Ling, so he would be the one to make the final call.

"Brother Ling, what do you think?" asked the young man in white.

Wang Ling started to size up this silver unicorn.

Throughout their long history, quite a few holy beasts had actually chosen to form a contract with a reliable master to avoid the wars which human cultivators waged over them. Most of the time, however, this had just been a matter of protocol; holy beasts had always been haughty since ancient times, and it had always been the holy beasts who chose their own masters, while the human cultivators who had been chosen hadn't been allowed to refuse at all.

But now, the situation was the opposite.

In the face of absolute strength, the silver unicorn realized it was just like an auntie with a sagging chest without any charm whatsoever. The main thing was that if it was handed over to the nation, it would become a silk banner 1 !

1(A Chinese silk banner is used as a figurehead or a symbol of power.) At that moment, it had already made up its mind that that would never, ever happen!

"I'm actually... very easy to care for. It's fine if I don't eat..." It stared at Wang Ling with starry eyes. "Once I've recovered, I can transform into human form and I can do any type of housework for you..."

Wang Ling stared at it for a bit before looking away.

He didn't agree, but he also didn't refuse.

The silver unicorn had also realized that this master whom it had chosen was a reticent person, so it could only turn to the young man in white. "What is Master's reply?"

"He didn't refuse, but he also didn't agree. He probably wants to wait and see."

"That's to say, I still have a chance?" The silver unicorn's eyes shone.

Lord Thunder tsked. Touching the silver unicorn's blood on the ground, he wrote three letters: GCM. Then, he rubbed its head.

The silver unicorn: "This... what does it mean?"

The young man in white pointed to the sky in a profound gesture. "This is a mystery only heaven knows... you have to figure it out yourself."

At the sight of these three letters, the silver unicorn sunk into deep thought.

...

After five minutes or so, Immortal Toya and Cailian Zhenren, who had been startled by the activity earlier, reached the top of Yuntai Pavilion.

"Brother To!" The young man in white waved from a distance.

From afar, Immortal Toya saw the bleeding silver unicorn lying next to him, and was immediately alarmed. "I did sense the aura of a holy beast earlier..."

It turned out that he hadn't been mistaken!

After that, this handsome man dressed in traditional attire and a gourd on his back sneaked a look at Wang Ling, his heart full of astonishment.

That intense commotion just now...

Anyone would know who had caused it.

"Take a look, can you treat this?" The young man in white looked at Immortal Toya.

"If it's an external wound, I have medicine to treat it right away. As for an internal injury, I know that holy beasts have beast hearts which can automatically help them recover. But it's still better to take some medicine to accelerate the process." Immortal Toya put the gourd down, and with a flash of spirit light, took out a pill the size of a wash basin.

Wang Ling was surprised when he saw this. "..."

"What is this?"

Lord Thunder couldn't help twitching his lips as he recalled the giant booger which Nezha's mother had accumulated over the three years of her pregnancy 2 .

2(This is from the comic series 'One Hundred Thousand Bad Jokes,' which parodies classic stories. Nezha is a warrior deity, and his mother had been pregnant with him for over 3 years before he was born ..) "This is a super fast-healing pill which I made with one hundred fast-healing pills."

Immortal Toya was very proud of his pills. He held it up with both hands as he showed it off to the silver unicorn. "This pill is for you. After you recover, just give me some of your blood in return."

In that moment, the silver unicorn felt like it had joined a criminal gang. "..."

...

"I was wondering why there wasn't anyone around. It turned out they were all here."

At a distance on one side, Cailian Zhenren could see a lot of inner sect female disciples whom Luo Chuang and Dharmaraja had trussed up before throwing them into a magic circle.

Luo Chuang had drawn this circle using Dharmaraja's godly thunder inheritance. It had a powerful restrictive ability that would prevent these female disciples from escaping.

After tying all of them up like crabs and putting them in the circle, Luo Chuang finally placed that female elder in purple in it before he sighed in relief. "Finally done!"

"But what are you going to do with them?" Cailian Zhenren asked.

"From the situation earlier, it seems that they know nothing about what Immortal Mansion has been doing in the outside world. They were sent here as children and nurtured in isolation. It's likely that they have no idea what the outside world is like, let alone that Immortal Mansion is in fact a dark force."

Cailian Zhenren let out a sigh. If this was true, the situation had become very complicated. Forget who these female disciples were affiliated with, the contract sale of human beings was an illegal act to begin with.

Luo Chuang had a proposal. "Anyway, Immortal Mansion's inner sect female disciples are all here now. I'll have to trouble Cailian Zhenren to handle their matters from now on. It'll be better if we can ask a lawyer to step in."

"Of course." Cailian Zhenren nodded her head.

All of a sudden, Luo Chuang swept a look around their surroundings as something dawned on him. "Then the only people left would be the Master of Immortal Mansion and a handful of elders behind the scene?"

It was impossible for the Master of Immortal Mansion and the other elders to not have noticed that large-scale battle earlier. Furthermore, the most crucial thing was that more than half of the core array pattern of the Ice Crystal Array had already been torn apart by Ling Zhenren. Just a little more, and the entire holy array would be destroyed.

When that time came, Immortal Mansion's entire palace complex would be exposed to the real world.

For this reason, there was no way that the Master of Immortal Mansion wouldn't take action.

"This Master of Immortal Mansion is deeply hidden, and currently we don't know where he is. But as for the other elders under him..." After saying this, Cailian Zhenren's eyes suddenly dimmed, and she turned to the rest of them. "By the way, have you seen Brother Fang Xing since entering this place?"





Chapter 298 Help Me Nail Down The Coffin Lid!0


0(This is derived from a phrase 'the coffin lid can't be closed anymore,' and describes how a person can't be stopped after being provoked.) Wang Ling remembered it had been dusk when they had passed through the spatial wall into the mirror space created by the Ice Crystal Array. At that moment, it had completely turned to night.

When they had arrived at the flat top on Yuntai Pavilion, Wang Ling had sensed quite a number of auras released in battle, all except for Fang Xing's.

Lord Thunder waved his hands. "I've been with Brother Ling all this time. When Dharmaraja and Luo Chuang came together earlier, I had assumed Brother Fang Xing would be with them. But until now, I haven't sensed Brother Fang Xing anywhere."

"I met Toya on the road and before then I hadn't seen anyone," Cailian Zhenren said.

"What are you trying to say?" Lord Thunder was a little suspicious.

"It's like this; I saw someone earlier who looked a lot like Brother Fang Xing, but I didn't dare confirm whether it was him or not." Cailian Zhenren frowned deeply.

"Why was that?"

"I just felt that this person's aura was completely different. Brother Fang Xing's aura is as vibrant as Ling Zhenren's, but when I approached that person from behind, it felt like a freezing wind in my bones." Cailian Zhenren revealed her misgivings. "Perhaps I saw wrong?"

"What was he doing when you saw him?"

"He was headed for a heavenly palace called Linglang Pavilion."

"Linglang Pavilion?" The silver unicorn on the ground was very familiar with the name, and it immediately said seriously, "If he is your friend, I suggest you hurry and go save him — Linglang Pavilion is the palace of Immortal Mansion's three great key elders. Apart from Justice Elder Purple Moon who has fallen here, there are three other elders, and they are all hard to deal with."

"Can you tell us more?"

The silver unicorn: "Of these three elders, one is called Summer Rain, one is Summer Snow and one is Summer Ice. The female disciples of Immortal Mansion call them the Three Daughters of Summer."

Wang Ling already couldn't help the urge to ridicule these names. "..." If they had one more called Summer East Sea, then it would really be balanced out 1 !

1(Xia Donghai, or 'Summer East Sea,' is the name of the father in the Chinese sitcom 'Home With Kids.' His kids are called Xia Xue (Summer Snow) and Xia Yu (Summer Rain) ..) But Wang Ling did nothing to interrupt the silver unicorn as it continued, "These three are far more powerful than Justice Elder Purple Moon and they are most proficient at using the Great Spirit-Absorbing Skill; in battle, they can draw out their opponent's spirit energy unceasingly. Of course, in my eyes, they're only three girls. They're just small fry, so I don't know much about them."

What the silver unicorn said wasn't wrong. As a holy beast that was still alive on earth, it was roughly eight thousand years old, after all. The three elders aside, it wouldn't be too much for most of the people here to call it grandpa.

When it said that, it looked at the faces which Lord Thunder and the others were wearing, and realized that what it had said just now was ambiguous, so it quickly corrected itself. "Of course, I know that for human cultivators, strength comes first. Since I already regard Guru Ling as my master, I'm naturally just a baby in your care."

Lord Thunder: "..."

Immortal Toya: "..."

Dharmaraja: "..."

Cailian Zhenren: "..."

Luo Chuang: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

This was truly their first time seeing an eight thousand-year-old baby!

The silver unicorn felt that selling meng like this didn't quite suit it, so it didn't dare say any more, and just lowered its head. "So, please look after me from now on..."

...

At that very moment, another battle was in fact happening in Linglang Pavilion.

The three elders of Linglang Pavilion gasped for breath, their faces twisted as they stared at the long-legged youngster in track clothes in front of them.

About half an hour ago, this youngster had come here and without saying a word, had directly pulled them into an intrinsic spirit field.

They were all at peak middle-stage Itinerant Immortal level, so their source of spirit energy could already be considered fairly immense. But even if they pooled their spirit energy together, there was no way for them to establish an intrinsic spirit field. For a single person to rely on the source of their spirit energy alone to set up an intrinsic spirit field, they had to be at True Immortal level, otherwise it was absolutely impossible!

Hence, the three elders now could only be described as dumbfounded when they were caught in the intrinsic spirit field.

What stunned them the most was that this youngster's intrinsic spirit field was actually a universal space in which he could control gravity freely and hamper their movements. Furthermore, their Great Spirit-Absorbing Skill only worked when they were close to the enemy, so it was utterly useless in the intrinsic spirit field.

"It's over."

Under a sky full of stars in the intrinsic spirit field, the youngster in a pair of blue and white striped track pants smiled at the three elders.

"Who are you?"

One of the female elders, called Summer Rain, stared at him. "The fluctuation of your spirit energy seems familiar... are you the son of an old friend? I feel that it's really familiar; perhaps all this is just a misunderstanding."

To be able to set up the intrinsic spirit field solely with his own strength — the gap was too big! And so this female elder could only spout this ingratiating bullshit to stall for time as much as possible.

Although they couldn't destroy the intrinsic spirit field, they had still been able to send a message to the outside world and call the Master of Immortal Mansion for help.

"My real name is Fang Xing, do you recognize me?" The harmless way in which the young man continued to smile was especially horrifying to these three female elders.

"Mm, I know you..." The female elder continued babbling nonsense.

"My foster parents gave me this name shortly after I was born. I haven't met you before, how can you possibly recognize me? Did you think I didn't see the signal you sent out earlier?"

The female elders were terrified as Fang Xing laughed coldly. "He's just the Master of Immortal Mansion, killing him won't be enough for me. Although you've never met me, you've definitely met my dad."

Under the frightened faces of these three female elders, Fang Xing narrowed his eyes, and his originally bright expression slowly turned gloomy as he gradually lost his smile. "Over all these centuries, hasn't Immortal Mansion used my dad's Ice Crystal Array to perform countless crimes?"

"You are..."

Their eyes all widened at the same time, but before they could say any more, the three female elders felt heavy pressure on them.

With just a flick of his finger, they were all buried in the ground up to their necks.

Under this massive pressure, they struggled to even open their eyes and mouths!

Fang Xing gradually came over to them and transformed his hand into a spirit blade which he held to their heads. "I know that you aren't the ringleader, so I'll give you quick deaths."

Right after he said that —

In the next moment, a low and deep voice came from the sky. "Junior, don't you dare touch them."

Although they couldn't speak under the huge pressure, the three female elders couldn't help cheering in their hearts.

They knew that Master had arrived!

This voice contained pure magical fluctuations which were actually able to penetrate the intrinsic spirit field. Although it didn't affect the spirit field, Fang Xing was still slightly surprised.

"Oh?"

Fang Xing grinned as he gazed at the sky. "So you've finally shown yourself?"

However, this voice didn't stop him from making his move.

The blade fell, and a head was cut off in one slice with the sound of a snap.

The head of one of the female elders had already left her body...





Chapter 299 Fang Xing's Identity


Even the Master of Immortal Mansion hadn't anticipated this decisive swing of the blade. Before he could send his next telepathic message, the aura of one of the female elders had already completely disappeared.

Without any room for negotiation, Fang Xing had really chopped off her head in one move.

What was even more stupefying was that this wasn't the end.

Fang Xing dealt with things very firmly; gathering spirit energy in his palm, he raised his hand again and chopped off the head of a second female elder immediately followed by the third.

The heavy pressure in the intrinsic spirit field had faded, and the three heads rolled over the ground with open eyes; they died with lingering grievances, and there wasn't any bleeding from their necks at all.

It could only be said that Fang Xing wasn't just unwavering, he was also ruthless. The most important point was that, without even giving them time to breathe, he had beheaded three Itinerant Immortals like he was slicing radishes.

Anyone would be transfixed with horror at this scene.

"Very well! You have guts! You're just courting death!"

The sound of the Master of Immortal Mansion's fury penetrated the intrinsic spirit field, and a moment later, the roof of Linglang Pavilion outside the field was directly torn off.

With a wave of Fang Xing's hand, the intrinsic spirit field disappeared. He picked up the heads of the three female elders, leaving their bodies buried forever in the intrinsic spirit field.

After the roof of Linglang Pavilion had been torn off, the Taoist in red and that eastern branch chief from before showed up. Fang Xing shook the heads in front of them before causally tossing them behind him.

The Taoist in red and the eastern branch chief gnashed their teeth at this painful scene, already about to erupt with rage.

Actually, while Fang Xing had been battling the three female elders, the Master of Immortal Mansion had already been observing him from the shadows.

After seeing Fang Xing call forth his intrinsic spirit field, the Master had already had some idea about the other person's general strength — he definitely wasn't ordinary. Also, his aura indeed felt familiar. It was highly likely that this was a descendant of someone whom he had fought before. Basically, the Master already had a hunch.

"This intrinsic spirit field isn't yours, right? Relying on something that you were favored with is nothing to be proud of." The Taoist in red hovered above the clouds and looked down at him from on high.

What he said was right, and Fang Xing couldn't refute it; this intrinsic spirit field indeed wasn't his. It could perhaps be considered a relic. It contained an intensely dense accumulation of spirit energy, and together with the secret key to this space, had been engraved on his body when he had been born.

The year he turned five, he had inadvertently opened the space, and only after a long span of time did he realize that this thing was called an intrinsic spirit field.

When he thought about it, Fang Xing felt that his childhood had been quite tragic; like the protagonist in a novel who picked up a golden finger 1 , he had only been able to rely on himself as he muddled his way through life.

1(High-level 'cheat' items that protagonists tend to wind up obtaining ..) Although the Fang couple had raised him with a lot of love, he still hadn't been able to forgive the guy who had pushed his biological father step by step toward the abyss for the sake of his own interests.

History had completely painted his father as heinous and tragic... whether this was true or not, Fang Xing had drawn his own conclusions.

In the air, the Master of Immortal Mansion continued to sneer when he saw that the young man was silent. "Given your strength, if you hadn't sucked my subordinates into your intrinsic spirit field to suppress them, you wouldn't be a match for any one of them at all."

"What use is it saying that now?"

Fang Xing sighed in his heart, but his face showed that familiar harmless smile once again.

"To be able to develop an intrinsic spirit field to this point based on your abilities alone... this is indeed a surprise. But now that you've already shown your final hand, isn't it already game over?" The Taoist in red laughed sinisterly.

Revealing your trump card at the beginning of a fight was a huge mistake. To be able to call forth the intrinsic spirit field with his current realm, Fang Xing must have already reached his limit. The three female elders had been the backbone of Immortal Mansion, but Master of Immortal Mansion Cheng Yu felt that their deaths hadn't been in vain; they had at least forced this young man to play his final hand and use up a lot of his spirit energy, otherwise it really would have been a little tough to deal with him.

At the moment, Cheng Yu didn't think he had completely lost; as long as he killed Fang Xing, and used his secret key to enter the intrinsic spirit field and look for the three elders' primordial spirits, Immortal Mansion had yet to truly lose this battle.

The biggest advantage of Itinerant Immortal level was that after the body was destroyed, the primordial spirit could still linger for over a month, and furthermore wouldn't be affected by light.

While Fang Xing had beheaded the three female elders one after another, he obviously hadn't had enough time to extinguish their primordial spirits.

This was why Cheng Yu had appeared here in haste; if he hadn't shown up in time, he wouldn't have been able to protect any of these spirits.

Following this thought, Cheng Yu felt that all this had been preordained somehow. While Fang Xing's appearance could be considered an unexpected one, it could conversely be considered a pleasant surprise.

Back then, he had seized almost all of Immortal She Pi's riches except for some valuable treasures like the intrinsic spirit field. Cheng Yu had been searching for it all these years, and had never expected that someone would actually bring it to his doorstep of their own accord.

This was the treasure that he had failed to wrest from Immortal She Pi; now, he would naturally fight over it again with the other party's son.

Strength was supreme among cultivators; that thing was always meant to be his.

Two dazzling rays of light interrupted his thoughts.

Master of Immortal Mansion Cheng Yu was utterly astonished. It was hard to believe that this youngster could still have such tremendous spirit energy after a fight with the three female elders.

He dodged to the side. The two dazzling rays of light hit the massive stone pillars that held up the palace, and they instantly collapsed.

Cheng Yu hadn't been able to see these two rays of light clearly, but he could absolutely confirm that this wasn't some type of magic or magic treasure. Furthermore, they had truly been too fast, so much so that he hadn't been able to grab hold of them at all.

"Too arrogant!"

Fuming, the eastern branch chief gritted his teeth and stared at Fang Xing. "Master, you must definitely teach this person a lesson!"

Fang Xing looked at him with a smile. "Excuse me, who do you think you are?"

Then, he waved his hand, and the two rays of light from earlier instantly flew back from behind.

This time, they swiftly pierced the body of the eastern branch chief one after another.

The Master of Immortal Mansion could finally see them clearly.

They were actually two scale plates...

But at the price of being able to clearly see what these two rays of light were...

The poor eastern branch chief perished right after the three female elders.





Chapter 300 Hundred Swords Demonstration!


It had all happened in a flash. These two snake scales moved too fast, at a speed no less than first-class spirit swords. It had taken Master of Immortal Mansion Cheng Yu two rounds to make out the true appearance of these two lights.

The eastern branch chief died with his eyes wide open; blood streamed from the two fist-sized wounds in his chest, and he fell directly from the cloud in the sky.

Cheng Yu stared in extreme astonishment at the young man in front of him. Incredibly, the other party had actually had the arrogance to attack first and humiliate him by killing another one of his subordinates right under his nose.

As to the origin of these two scale plates, Cheng Yu had his own speculation.

When Immortal She Pi had shaken the world back then, there had been rumors that went so far as to say that the snake scales that had appeared on his body as a result of cultivation were a living magic treasure. That was why this person who had been viewed as monster-level had also had another name, "Living Magic Treasure."

That was also the main reason why he had been executed in the end; in the eyes of most people, this was a demon that couldn't be allowed to exist.

However, Cheng Yu had never thought that two of these snake scales would fall into Fang Xing's hands. Nevertheless, in his eyes, they couldn't be considered trump cards; while they were very powerful, on par with a first-class holy weapon, they weren't as formidable as the intrinsic spirit field.

Of course, Cheng Yu had his own trump card, but unless he was in a desperate situation, he wouldn't use it wantonly. Instead, in this situation, he planned to play around with Fang Xing for a bit, and find out if the other party still had other magic treasures on him.

"You're very good, I admire that." Cheng Yu gazed at Fang Xing from above. "I would be willing to accept you as a subordinate; you can let me know whenever you're ready to surrender."

Upon saying that, he abruptly opened his eyes, and the landscape around Fang Xing suddenly changed as the latter unexpectedly found himself on the top of a glacier.

He was startled when he realized that countless spirit swords were frozen in the ice around and under him.

"You are not the only one who has an intrinsic spirit field." Hovering in the air, Cheng Yu gave him a sinister look.

He had already calculated all his subsequent moves. After activating the intrinsic spirit field once, there was a long cooling-off period, so the other party wouldn't be able to discharge it a second time in the short term.

Thus, he decided to seize this chance and straightaway get rid of Fang Xing in his own intrinsic spirit field.

He waved his hand in the next instant, and the glaciers around them all began to shake.

Countless spirit swords broke free of the layers of ice and gathered in the air behind the figure in red, packed tightly together like sardines.

Every single one of these one hundred spirit swords wasn't a common item. As they hovered in the air, their bodies cast colorful spirit light as they quietly waited for Cheng Yu's next command.

Although it had long been rumored that the Master of Immortal Mansion was a spirit sword collector maniac, Fang Xing was still amazed when he saw it with his own eyes. Most importantly, sealing all these swords inside the intrinsic spirit field wasn't something Fang Xing thought Cheng Yu could do by his strength alone.

"You should have realized it by now, my intrinsic spirit field has the same nomological power of regeneration as the building complex in the outside world. I summoned a familiar to make the buildings and also to shape this spirit field. But after I was done with it, I had it kill itself." Cheng Yu laughed darkly and his words even contained a trace of pride.

When Fang Xing heard this, he understood: After having the familiar work to the bone for him, the other man had had it kill itself so that no one else could use its power — this indeed seemed like the Master of Immortal Mansion's style.

But Fang Xing's expression remained unchanged. Although the intrinsic spirit field had given him a huge shock, the crux of the matter wasn't this spirit field itself, but the fact that it was enhanced by the nomological power of regeneration, making the spirit field impregnable. Faced with this knowledge, anyone would be filled with a sense of despair.

Without saying anything more, Cheng Yu's gaze fell on Fang Xing in command.

Dozens of spirit swords instantly flew out from behind him and thrust forward at Fang Xing at full speed, long tails of spirit light trailing from their hilts. The entire scene was more amazing than any plane air show.

Fang Xing didn't dare be careless, and several more snake scales appeared in his hand to combat these spirit swords.

In the blink of an eye, the air was full of the metallic sounds of collision.

But no matter how many snake scales he had, the most was still only ten plates.

If Cheng Yu attacked him with this Hundred Swords Demonstration, he wouldn't be able to withstand them.

It just so happened that the sword array in this intrinsic spirit field was just too abnormal, and Fang Xing hadn't anticipated the Master of Immortal Mansion to possess this technique.

He was very clear that if his spirit energy continued to be used up this way, he would be the first to fall.

The intrinsic spirit field contained the nomological power of regeneration and wouldn't break easily. Furthermore, while these spirit swords seemed haphazardly distributed, they had in fact been meticulously arranged based on various types of sword arrays.

The person who set up these arrays just needed to flick a finger or signal with one eye, and these swords would attack in formation.

And so, from the very beginning, Cheng Yu treated this like he was watching a play. All the spirit swords inside his intrinsic spirit field added up to over a thousand, and none of them were inferior goods. The one hundred he had just summoned was just the tip of the iceberg.

Floating high in the air, Cheng Yu appeared very composed. The most excessive thing about this act was that the cloud under him was actually a one-of-a-kind invisible spirit sword; even its hilt was invisible. When he was on this invisible spirit sword, he looked like he was hovering in the air.

Flying without the use of a magic treasure was something battle sect warriors could do back then. In the Spirit Energy Information era, however, only a True Immortal could do it.

Cheng Yu raised his hand, and several dozen more spirit swords flew out. He looked at Fang Xing with a mocking expression. "How about it, want to surrender?"

In that moment, more than one hundred spirit swords were pointed at Fang Xing.

With one more command, these spirit swords would take aim and fly at Fang Xing at the same time, piercing him and turning him into a sieve. There already wasn't any way for him to defend against this assault by just relying on the ten snake scales.

"Did you think I only had one trump card?"

Fang Xing suddenly looked up and smiled as he stared at Cheng Yu.

"I'll give you time to take it out." Cheng Li laughed coldly; in his view, Fang Xing had already exhausted all his tricks.

In the next moment, Fang Xing bit his lip, and then he swallowed the ten snake scales which encircled him.

With a hum, the young man's skeleton abruptly shrunk slightly in size. Her hair grew out and a battle scar gradually appeared on her neck. But the most surprising of all was the radiant black armor that materialized on her body, the dark spirit light which encircled her ample frame forming an indestructible barrier.

At the sight of this, Master of Immortal Mansion Cheng Yu's face finally changed.

Fuck... this was the White Night Spell and Immortal Mode!