Chapter 1301 The evil-minded ancient Golden Men!


Regarding the Earth Upgrade Plan meeting on December 1st, the discussion was completed amidst cheerful laughter from everyone in the Office of Strategic Deception.

"Seniors, fellow Taoists from the Office of Strategic Deception will stay here. I will report this matter to my superiors as soon as possible and make arrangements. Please rest assured." In front of the gate of the Office of Strategic Deception, Guo Ping turned around and bowed to everyone.

"Thank you, Academician Guo." Lord Diulei returned the gift.

Then everyone watched as Guo Ping drove a small immortal boat and turned into a streak of light and drove away.

The energy source used by this small immortal boat is Wang Ling's hair. It saves energy, reduces emissions, and is super environmentally friendly.

The location has been determined. The next step of the monk, Lord Diulei and Miss Ajuan's plan is to set up an introduction in the Desert of Bones.

They have to find a way to deploy a device to guide the "Chaos Tribulation Transcendence Cannon" onto the Chaos Egg.

This device was completed by the monk in the 3909th lifetime.

He drew the drawings in the 3906th century.

Then I spent another lifetime trying to verify whether my idea was feasible.

Finally, the device was developed in the 3909th century.

It's just that the layout is a little complicated.

Because the devices are all in pieces, he needs manpower.

Lord Diulei and Miss Ajuan can help him with this.

The remaining people. For example, Fang Xing, Crispy Noodles Dao Lord, Zhenyuan Immortal and a few juniors from the God's Domain.

It was divided into two groups of people.

Yibo is responsible for guarding the Office of Strategic Deception.

The other wave is responsible for guarding the area around the Desert of Bones and placing it outside the boundary.

To ensure that on the day of earth upgrade.

No fish slipped through the net and entered the core area that was about to receive a frontal impact from the Chaos Tribulation Transcendence cannon.

Before setting out to set up the device, the monk gave a handle to Zhuo Yi: "Master. This is..."

"External control device for Buddha's Golden Lotus."

The monk smiled and said, "I see you holding the Golden Lotus all the time. I look very tired."

A few minutes later. Heavenly Dao used the {Great Sacrifice Technique} to burn the handle to Sun Rong.

Sun Rong gained the ability to control the Buddha's Golden Lotus.

It's like flying a small aircraft. Very fun.

Moreover, this handle also has a stealth mode, which can make the entire Buddha Golden Lotus disappear in the air instantly.

"Senior Jin Deng is such a genius!" Sun Rong marveled at the monk's power.

She quickly mastered the control skills of the controller and completed various difficult flying maneuvers in the "Buddha Golden Lotus."

"It's so fun!" Such fun is not common for Sun Rong.

As the future successor of the group. Sun Rong is usually followed by a bunch of bodyguards almost everywhere.

Things like posture aircraft, Huaguo Shuilian Group will hand over to dedicated personnel.

Sun Rong usually can't touch the joystick.

After getting tired of playing, Sun Rong drove the Buddha Golden Lotus and stopped steadily in front of Zhuo Yi: "Zhuo Yi Senior. Can I... go somewhere?"

"For the sake of safety, Sun Rong, it's better not to run around alone. If you want to go somewhere, seniors and Heavenly Dao will accompany you." Zhuo Yi nodded. replied.

"I want to go back to the hospital and see grandpa." Sun Rong said.

"This is human nature."

Zhuo Yi nodded: "But Mr. Sun doesn't know about Master. So I hope Sun Rong will pay more attention when she sees Mr. Sun."

"Don't worry, senior Zhuo Yi." Sun Rong agreed with a smile on his face.

...

First Military Medical Hospital. Poor Boss Sun still has not given up his plan to organize expert consultation to rescue his granddaughter.

When Zhuo Yi and others rushed to the hospital again to see Mr. Boss Sun.

Sun Rong, who was driving the Buddha Golden Lotus behind Zhuo Yi, clearly felt that his grandfather had become much older.

Even the hair on the temples has become paler...

Zhuo Yi also saw this scene. He was very puzzled. He asked Sun Rong in a low voice in the mental space: "Sun Rong, school girl. I have something I don't know whether to ask or not."

"Senior, please tell me..."

"As far as I know, what Mr. Sun wears on his head should be a wig...Why does the wig turn white..."

"Grandpa is wearing a bionic black technology wig. It can automatically adjust the hair color according to his mood." Sun Rong answered truthfully.

Zhuo Yi suddenly realized.

I have to say that Mr. Boss Sun's current state is indeed a bit pitiful.

He didn't know that the girl's soul had been sealed in the Buddha's Golden Lotus.

"Mr. Sun..." In the ward, Zhuo Yi took a step forward. He wanted to comfort Boss Sun.

"No need to comfort me. It's been hard on you these days."

Boss Sun sighed: "My granddaughter is lucky to have a large group of friends like you to care about her... Oh, by the way. Why didn't that Master Jin Deng come? I heard that the master came to the hospital before. He used magic to seal it. He inhabited my granddaughter's body and kept it intact. I should thank him."

"This is just a delaying tactic. Master, I'm leaving for now because I'm still looking for a way to rescue Sun Rong's schoolmate."

Zhuo Yi answered truthfully.

He looked at the haggard old man in front of him.

Another question came to mind that I have always wanted to ask Mr. Boss Sun face to face.

I just don't know if it's appropriate to bring it up now.

So. Still hesitating.

"If General Zhuo has anything to say, just say it." Sun Yiyuan seemed to see Zhuo Yi's thoughts.

So far, he has regarded Zhuo Yi as one of his own.

"I want to ask Mr. Sun. Who was the fortune teller who told Miss Sun's fortune back then?"

"It's not that I don't want to say it. It's just that I can't remember it clearly."

Boss Sun Yuezi herself feels very strange about this.

He frowned: "This person seems to be in my mind all the time. But he doesn't seem to be here..."

Zhuo Yi frowned slightly.

Sure enough.

Everything is exactly as Master described.

Previously, his master used King's Eyes to peek at the fortune teller in Boss Sun's memory. As a result, his vision was dim.

That memory was obviously overwritten by someone before it happened.

And this instigator is probably another master hidden in the earth.

And the strength is very likely to be as good as Jin Deng.

For a moment, the scene fell into a brief silence...

Sun Rong drove the Buddha Golden Lotus to a steady stop behind Mr. Boss Sun. He had mixed feelings in his heart.

But at this moment, the familiar and heavy sound of chains came from the corridor again.

"The ancient Golden Men are here again?"

Zhuo Yi was shocked. He immediately became extremely vigilant.

"Senior Death Heavenly Dao. What is going on? Sun Rong The soul of the school girl was sealed in the Buddha's Golden Lotus by the master. They should have no way to locate the soul again!" Zhuo Yi was puzzled.

Death Heavenly Dao quickly made a judgment: "It's not for the soul!"

Zhuo YiConfused: "What do you mean?"

Death Heavenly Dao frowned: "This is for the physical body..."

Zhuo Yi was shocked: "Isn't this Heavenly Dao supposed to be free from desires? Why is he still coveting the body of my Sun Rong school girl!?"





Chapter 1302 How powerful is the consecrated body?


Sun Yiyuan didn't know what happened.

He couldn't see the ancient Golden Men. He couldn't see the hooks and locks of the ancient Golden Men.

Just by feeling, I noticed that Zhuo Yi next to me and the young man in overalls seemed to be extremely nervous.

"Mr. Sun. An unknown creature has come to snatch Miss Sun's body..."

Zhuo Yi did not tell about Heavenly Dao. Instead, he used the concept of "unknown creatures" to explain Sun Yiyuan.

Unknown creature?

Sun Yiyuan was shocked.

The charm of his granddaughter is indeed extraordinary...

These days, no matter whether they are human or not, they are all greedy. It is simply outrageous.

"Director Zhuo. What should I do?!" He immediately stepped forward to protect Sun Rong's body.

The body of True Immortal cannot compete with the ancient Golden Men. Even if they charge forward, there is no point.

When the familiar hook lock came through the door, Heavenly Dao almost subconsciously took out the Death Book and clamped the hook lock.

But it was beyond his expectation.

This time, the death certificate had no effect at all!

There is no mechanism to trigger death upon touching the Book of Death!

"What's going on!"Zhuo Yi was surprised.

"There is only one possibility..." Death Heavenly Dao frowned.

The death certificate cannot fail for no reason. If it has no effect at all, then it can only prove one thing.

That is the ancient Golden Men outside the door. They may be of the same origin as him!

In other words, this may be his ancestor!

Although it is a defective product that was abandoned by Dao Ancestor Wang, there is no doubt that it has the same origin as him!

The current Heavenly DaoGolden Men were originally the little Golden Men that Dao Ancestor Wang experienced in countless failed versions in the Unspeakable Land, and finally evolved from them.

As for why we want to seize Sun Rong's body.

Death Heavenly Dao probably thought of a possibility.

The ancient Heavenly Dao previously tried to draw away the soul of Sun Rong. The purpose was nothing more than to break through the seal of the Unspeakable Land with the help of the girl's identity as the Son of the Void.

And now Sun Rong's soul has been protected by Buddha Golden Lotus.

When the soul cannot be obtained.

Stealing the body became a secondary option.

Copy the soul with the help of matching spells.

Create a new Sun Rong...

This operation is obviously much more complicated.

But the other party is the ancient Heavenly Dao after all. It is not difficult to realize such a plan.

"Reshape a...new me?" Hear the speculation of Death Heavenly Dao. The girl in the Golden Lotus fell into silence.

"After reshaping the soul. Is there really such an operation?"

"Yes, there is. But this operation is very disturbing, isn't it?"

Death Heavenly Dao said: "These ancient Golden Men are all defective products. They may not be able to achieve 100% restoration. In other words, if another soul of Miss Sun is really created, its personality may be different from the original one. Big deviation! And..."

"And what..."

"Once the new soul is created, the old one will simply disappear."

"How can that work!" Zhuo Yi exclaimed.

"Of course we can't let this happen!" Death Heavenly Dao said.

In broad daylight, if Sun Rong's body was snatched away...

I'm afraid that this is the end of his role as the messenger of Heavenly Dao!

At that time, I'm afraid it won't be as simple as being held on the neck by Jingke and asking for punishment!

Sun Rong was very anxious: "Senior! What should we do now?"

Death Heavenly Dao: "Don't panic! This body has been enlightened by the master! Their hooks and locks can reach in. It may not be useful!"

As he spoke, he tried his best to block the hook attack.

This time the ancient Golden Men obviously came well prepared. Not only did they invite their "ancestors" who share the same origin with him, but there seemed to be a lot of people coming too!

The golden hook locks passed through the door wall of the special care ward. When the death certificate did not work, Death Heavenly Dao had no choice but to fight hand to hand!

One Euler and one chain. Give these hook locks back!

Zhuo Yi attempts to summon "Yu" for combat.

Since the last war with the Foundation ended.

Wang Ling has given this "Yu" to Zhuo Yi as Zhuo Yi's exclusive sword.

Now "Yu" is still being maintained at Luo Pangzi's hardware store.

But after all, a new contract has been signed with Zhuo Yi. If you want to use it, just "--Jianlai!" will do!

However, an unexpected situation happened again at this moment.

Zhuo Yi reached out repeatedly.

Sometimes he raises his hands above his head. Sometimes he spreads his arms to the left and right like a roc spreading his wings...

He thought that his summoning posture was wrong, so he changed various "sword coming" postures.

As a result, there was never any movement.

"Senior Heavenly Dao. Why can't I summon my sword? Is my posture wrong?" asked Zhuo Yi in the mental space.

"Obviously not! This group of ancient Golden Men came well prepared! I'm afraid some kind of barrier has been set up in the hospital to block your summoning signal!" Death Heavenly Dao sweated on his temples.

This wave of ancient Golden Men is coming with force. He feels like he can hardly stand it anymore!

Although Sun Yiyuan didn't know what Zhuo Yi and the young man in overalls were doing.

In his eyes, the two of them were just fighting the air...

It looks a bit sinister.

But he knew very well. Something big must have happened now!

Although the existence of the ancient Golden Men cannot be seen.

However, a True Immortal can still smell that dangerous smell!

Gold and Jade Sky-shaking Stick!

Mr. Boss Sun took out his ancestral magic weapon.

However, he soon discovered something strange.

He doesn't know why. He feels like there's something wrong with his golden and jade shaking stick...

To the touch, it feels like it has lost its spiritual power.

"I didn't expect that they would use such methods..." Death Heavenly Dao was surprised.

This is a typical "weapon spirit hibernation" state!

The barriers set up by these ancient Golden Men can not only effectively block the summoning signals for magic weapons, but can also put all the weapon spirits within the range of the barrier into a deep sleep!

And this is the legendary "weapon spirit hibernation!"

In such a state, the magical weapon will lose the blessing of the power of the weapon spirit, causing its power to be greatly reduced! And it will enter a "vulnerable" state!

When the weapon spirit is hibernating, forcibly using the magic weapon will most likely result in the entire magic weapon being destroyed!

"What should we do..." Death Heavenly Dao felt that the situation had become increasingly dangerous.

Zhuo Yi's sword cannot be summoned. All the magic weapons are in a state of failure. It is very difficult to break through!

He was holding on to the hooks of more than a dozen ancient Golden Men. He couldn't think of anything else!

Zhuo YiAlthough we can see these Golden Men, they obviously lack combat power!

Even if you activate the thirty-three paths of vitality, it's still not enough!

"Senior! Master has noticed the situation here! But we can't take action yet. We have to find a way to lure these Golden Men out!" At this time, Zhuo Yi said.

He heard the message sent to him by Wang Ling.

This hospital is no better than the Divine Sea in the Divine Realm. It is a densely populated area. Moreover, there are many doctors and patients in the hospital.

If we attack directly here, the whole building will probably collapse...

So they have to find a way to break out first!

"What should we do, senior!"Zhuo Yi was also anxious.

If this continues, they will be captured soon!

The ancient Golden Men have already poked their heads out of the wall. They plan to go directly to rob them.

At this moment, the girl in the Golden Lotus made a surprising decision.

Sun Rong: "Senior Heavenly Dao! Just use my body to kill you!"

Death Heavenly Dao: "This..."

Sun Rong: "It's okay! It's better than letting them take it away!"

The current situation is so critical that we can no longer care about so many things.

The girl's suggestion was indeed an idea.

I saw Zhuo Yi stepping forward and opening the door of the medical cabin.

Sun Yiyuan was already shocked: "Director Zhuo, what are you..."

"The situation is critical. I will explain to Mr. Sun later!"

"..."

"I'm offended. Sun Rong school girl!"

Zhuo Yi applied a "steeling technique" to Sun Rong's body, making the girl's soft body become stiff!

drink!

Immediately afterwards, he grabbed the girl's feet, as if wielding a sword, and slashed at the ancient Golden Men who were about to break through the ward wall and come forward to snatch the body!

After being strengthened by the monk's consecration technique, the power of the girl's physical body is so great that it is unbelievable.

The body of Sun Rong. The head part collided with the head of the ancient Golden Men!

Boom!

The ancient Golden Men who were about to break in were smashed to pieces like a watermelon on the spot.

"Sun Rong school girl! You are too strong!" Zhuo Yi was stunned.

"It would be nice if...it could come in handy..."

Inside the Golden Lotus. Sun Rong looked at the unusually unreliable scene in front of him with mixed emotions.

Buzz...

At this time, the girl's body was filled with powerful spiritual energy!

{Consecration Technique} The golden light of Buddha blessed on the girl's body emanates through the blue and white striped hospital gown...

For a moment, all the ancient Golden Men stopped and fell into a sluggish state.

They would never have thought that such an operation could exist.

"Good opportunity!" Deathly Dao shouted loudly at this time.

He took the girl's body from Zhuo Yi's hand. He held the girl's foot with one hand and used it as a sword hilt. He officially started to fight back...

Finally escaped from the hospital successfully!

Outside the hospital, those ancient Golden Men were still chasing the girl's body relentlessly. They were like a group of out-of-control zombies, pouring out of the hospital in a steady stream.

Zhuo Yi was amazed at the number of these Golden Men.

There are actually hundreds of them...

It was indeed a premeditated action!

"Master, you can clear the place!" At this moment, Zhuo Yi shouted.

Outside the hospital. Wang Ling has been waiting for a long time.

After he saw these crazy ancient Golden Men chasing them out of the hospital, he pointed the King's Eyes directly at the sky!

Just a moment!

I saw dark clouds shrouding the sky!

The huge dragon-like dragon landed instantly. It exploded on the spot! Sweeping in all directions!

Clear these hundreds of crazy ancient Golden Men. with one click!





Chapter 1303 Collective amnesia?


Sunday, November 29th.

Songhai First Military Medical Hospital.

On that day, everyone felt as if they had intermittent amnesia...

The thunder of the God of Punishment summoned by King's Eyes also contains the effect of "50% Great Oblivion."

That's why.

Those who witnessed the scene of the death of Heavenly Dao and Zhuo Yi holding the body of the girl as they rushed out of the hospital.

Everyone has lost their memory of this period.

Of course, lightning does not necessarily illuminate everyone.

There's always someone in a blind spot. In a place where lightning can't shine.

In this case. Zhuo Yi and Death Heavenly Dao had to split up again.

Implement "physical amnesia" on those whose memories have not been erased.

Zhuo Yi and deathHeavenly Dao responded quickly.

The last person to be subjected to "physical amnesia" was Boss Sun...

When Mr. Boss Sun opened his eyes in a daze, the expression on his face was obviously panic.

"Sneak attack! Someone sneak attacked me!"

Boss Sun screamed in surprise. However, everything in front of him was calm as usual.

Sun Rong's physical body is still lying quietly in the medical cabin.

And he was still holding his granddaughter's hand tightly, feeling the warmth from his palm.

"Mr. Sun, don't panic. Everything is normal." Zhuo Yi stood on the side and reassured.

He looked at the red mark on the back of Sun Yiyuan's neck. He tried to stay calm...

"Senior, did you strike too hard..."

In the spiritual space. Zhuo Yi asked.

Death Heavenly Dao: "I can't help it. Mr. Sun was the last to be sentenced. It took a long time. The effect of physical amnesia cannot be guaranteed. So to be on the safe side, I had to hit him harder."

Zhuo Yi, Sun Rong: "..."

"What happened to me just now?" Mr. Boss Sun still felt like his memory was a bit out of place.

And the key point is. His head hurts!

It's like being hit by a million tons...

"It's nothing. Mr. Sun just kept holding Sun Rong's hand. Then he seemed to be too tired and sad for a while, so he fell asleep accidentally." Zhuo Yi said nonsense seriously.

"Did I fall asleep..."

Boss Sun smiled bitterly: "I really made you two laugh."

"What are you talking about, Boss Sun?"

Zhuo Yi said: "Excuse me. Are you feeling uncomfortable?"

Mr. Boss Sun shook his head: "It's not particularly uncomfortable. It's just that when I took a nap, I seemed to have a very strange dream..."

Zhuo Yi: "Strange dream?"

Boss Sun: "I dreamed that my neck seemed to have been run over by a dump truck."

Sun Rong, Zhuo Yi, Death Heavenly Dao: "..."

After the ancient Golden Men attacked Sun Rong's body.

Zhuo Yi quickly contacted the Office of Strategic Deception and discussed with Boss Sun about starting to transfer the body.

As long as it is beneficial to protect his granddaughter, Mr. Boss Sun will certainly not refuse.

What's more, Huaguo Shuilian Group and the Office of Strategic Deception are already strategic partners!

Over there at the Office of Strategic Deception. Crispy Noodles Dao Lord is guarding the place. Sun Rong's physical body will definitely be safe there.

In addition, there is Miss Bai Qiao here.

Under such heavy protection, it is simply impossible for the ancient Golden Men to capture the Office of Strategic Deception.

And in itself. The number of ancient Golden Men who escaped from the unspeakable land is very limited.

More than 100 files have just been cleared by Wang Ling with one click.

It is impossible for them to gather so many people in a short period of time.

Of course. Regarding the incident of body snatching in the hospital just now...

Wang Ling feels like something is not quite right.

"What is Ling Zhenren thinking?" Heavenly Dao drew the scapegoat very leisurely.

Even though Sun Rong's soul is already protected by the Golden Lotus.

He still didn't stop what he was doing.

It's not about ten thousand, it's about what happens.

What if the Golden Lotus is accidentally destroyed?

Then this scapegoat actually becomes an insurance policy.

It's just that now you don't have to draw it as hastily as when you first started.

At this time. Wang Ling is really thinking about the hospital.

Those appear suddenly.

The ancient Golden Men are like the zombies in the movie "Train to Busan" that appear like crazy.

He felt that this operation might not be as simple as it seemed.

"Do you suspect there is someone behind this?"

Er Ha asked while delivering the talisman to Heavenly Dao.

He did not give Wang Ling the ability to read minds.

But at least I have lived with Wang Ling for such a long time.

Regarding this man's thoughts, Er Ha can now guess some of them just by using tacit understanding.

Seeing Wang Ling did not deny it. Heavenly Dao was quite surprised: "Brother Gou is amazing. You can guess all this!"

"Where, where..." Er Ha was very humble.

In fact, when Heavenly Dao said this, he was actually very sad inside!

It's not easy to be a Heavenly Dao these days!

Still? Not as good as a dog...

As Er Ha said. Wang Ling does have his own suspicions.

However, he had no direct evidence.

Even if you want to raise an army to prosecute, you must have a good reason. Make the other party speechless before taking action.

Wang LingThere are currently two suspects.

The first is the Lord of the Void.

The Lord of the Void has always wanted Sun Rong to become the people of the Void and return to the Void.

And he had left a prophecy domineeringly before.

It is said that no matter what the final result is. Sun Rong will go to the void world...

Therefore. The Lord of the Void has the motive to snatch Sun Rong's body.

And with the ability of the Lord of the Void, although it cannot completely break the seal of the Unspeakable Land, it shouldn't be difficult to tear a small hole...

He can make perfect use of the escaped ancient Golden Men to continue to retrieve the "Sons of the Void" for himself.

And Wang Ling suspected the second one.

That is, the fortune teller who first calculated the "Yin and Yang Death Tribulation" for Sun Rong.

However, the identity of this person remains a mystery.

Even Wang Ling. There is no clear conclusion yet.

Wang Ling even doubted it.

This person. Maybe he is Dao Ancestor Wang.

...

At this time, in the void world.

The Lord of the Void sneezed hard while he was sleeping.

"There must be someone talking about the Great Lord behind his back... By the way, has the Great Lord really torn the seal of the Unspeakable Land..." A voice of inquiry came from the side.

Regarding this issue, the Lord of the Void fell into silence for a long time.

He was faced with a dilemma.

If the answer is no.

This seems to affect his dignity to a certain extent.

After all.

The great Lord of the Void should be omnipotent.

But if the answer is...

His life may be threatened.

The most important thing is that he has no ability to break the seal of the unspeakable place...

Regarding Wang Ling's behavior of "picking the shit basin." The Lord of the Void himself was also trembling.

So after considering the above.

The Lord of the Void finally chose to survive.

"Of course...it was not my fault..."

Some virtual spirits were a little disappointed when they heard this.

And some were aroused curiosity: "Who on earth broke the seal..."

"This was an accident...one that no one could have imagined. An accident..."

In the void world, a faint response from the Lord of the Void came.





Chapter 1304 Plan to transfer the body


After getting permission from Boss Sun, the plan to transfer Sun Rong's physical body was carried out in cooperation with Zhuo Yi and the death Heavenly Dao.

The entire plan is divided into two parts.

First: Create a simulated fake body and put it in the medical cabin to hide from others.

Second: Transfer the girl's real consecrated body to the Office of Strategic Deception and hand it over to Crispy Noodles Dao Lord and Zhenyuan immortals for 24-hour day and night care.

In the intensive care unit, all monitoring equipment is turned off during the transfer of the physical body.

Zhuo Yi waited with death Heavenly Dao for a while. Along with a golden light falling from the sky, a huge cardboard box was accurately delivered here.

"Zhuo Yi Senior. What is this golden light?" The girl was puzzled.

"This is Lord Ma. It was originally a toilet in Master's bedroom, and was turned into a spirit by Master's power of illumination. It's very powerful. The royal courier of the Wang family villa."

"Classmate Wang Ling is really amazing..." Sun Rong suddenly realized.

Since learning more about Wang Ling.

She thought that no matter what she saw or heard now, she wouldn't be too surprised.

It wasn't until the cardboard box in front of her was opened that the girl decided to take back what she had said...

What was contained in the cardboard box was a custom-made prosthetic body that was exactly the same proportion as hers.

It's said to be fake. But in fact, it doesn't look like it is fake at all.

The craftsmanship of this fake body is truly extraordinary.

The facial expression and expression are as if they are real. Even the eyelashes and pores on the face are perfectly restored one to one.

"Boss Luo's skills are getting better and better." Zhuo Yi marveled at Luo Pangzi's skills.

"Who is Boss Luo?"

"The owner of a magic weapon shop. The shop is called Luo Pang Hardware. You can take Sun Rong to have a look later."

Zhuo Yi said: "This simulated body is the project that Boss Luo is currently researching."

Yes. Luo Pangzi has actually been researching projects related to simulated flesh bodies.

In the beginning, this research topic all started because of "Jingke."

As an avid fan of Jingke, Luo Pangzi started with the limbs to produce Jingke's simulated robotic arm...which is used to sleep on the head at night. It is said to have the effect of preventing stiff neck and relaxing muscles and activating blood circulation.

At first glance, Shangqu's research sounds a bit wretched and perverted.

But who would have thought that Luo Pangzi's research would eventually come in handy.

Nowadays, as Luo Pangzi's simulation skills continue to improve, replicating the entire human body is no longer a problem for him.

"This craftsmanship is indeed very high..."

Inside the Golden Lotus of Buddha. Sun Rong looks at this simulated body. It really feels like looking in the mirror.

"Listen to Boss Luo. This body is made in equal proportions based on the body of Sun Rong. All the details are restored one to one. It is no different from the real body. Including the hair on all parts of the body, etc."

"... hair all over your body?" Sun Rong got goosebumps when he heard this.

"Sun Rong Schoolgirl, don't get me wrong. Boss Luo's simulated body production technology can already achieve AI intelligent production. There is no manual step in the whole process. It fully protects the customer's safety."

Zhuo Yi said: "Of course. If it were placed 2 months ago, it would not necessarily be true... I remember 2 months ago. If we want to restore the hair details, the hair on the simulated body is all boss Luo. It's inserted root by root."

"So...so perverted..."

Hearing this, the corners of the Sun family's mouths couldn't help but twitch.

"But there is one thing to say. This method is indeed very high. It is almost as fake as real." At this time, Death Heavenly Dao also said.

It is not easy to get praise from Heavenly Dao.

Although Luo Pangzi's simulated body production technology has grown up under the accumulation of countless "abnormal behaviors", because the production level is unparalleled in the world, it has still been recognized by most people in the field.

Even Death Heavenly Dao praised it. It can be imagined how excellent this fake body is.

Swap the fake body wearing a hospital gown with the real body.

The first thing is done.

Death Tianda saw Zhuo Yi holding a remote control in his hand. He asked curiously: "What is this remote control?"

"Don't all girls like to look beautiful? Boss Luo specially customized a few extra sets of clothes for Sun Rong's fake body."

In addition to hospital gowns, Luo Pangzi designed a total of two other sets of clothes for cross-dressing.

"Clothes? What kind of clothes?" Sun Rong also asked.

"The blue and white striped hospital gown replicated on Sun Rong's fake body is made of a special material. In fact, it can be quickly reorganized according to needs. You can easily complete the transformation by pressing the remote control."

Zhuo Yi said with a smile: "But this design knowledge was given to me by Boss Luo. In fact, it is of no use at all."

"Can you see what kind of clothes they are?"Sun Rong was very curious.

"Of course. It's just that Sun Rong, the school girl, really wants to watch it..." Zhuo Yi asked.

Sun Rong suddenly had a bad feeling.

"Clothes that you don't know how to design are very revealing..."

"Not really. There is one set that is exposed. There is also one set that is not exposed. Which set does Sun Rong want to see?"

"Then...it's better not to be exposed..."

In front of so many people. Sun Rong is a little embarrassed.

"Are you sure?" Zhuo Yi asked with a smile.

"Yes...sure..."

"Okay." Zhuo Yi nodded.

The more "revealing" clothing is clothing Number 2. Luo Pangzi's design is a swimsuit.

As for the "non-revealing" ones, it's clothes Number 3.

Zhuo Yi quickly switch to clothes Number 3!

Buzz!

Along with the colorful glazed light emerging from the girl's body, the hospital gown began to change rapidly...

After seeing clothes Number 3.

The girl's face turned red and her ears were burned.

She understands everything!

But why...

Clothes Number 3 is a wedding dress!!!

She felt like she was being tricked by Zhuo Yi!

...

Office of Strategic Deception. In the True Venerated Immortal Hall. Zhenyuan immortal, Crispy Noodles Dao Lord is waiting here to welcome Sun Rong's true body.

While waiting, the two had a brief conversation.

"I didn't expect that the ancient Golden Men would be so rampant." said the immortal man from Zhenyuan.

"It's just a grasshopper after autumn. It won't last long." Crispy Noodles Dao Lord laughed.

"But I'm still a little confused." Zhenyuan Immortal said puzzledly: "Since these ancient Golden Men need to use the power of the Son of the Void to completely break through the seal of the Unspeakable Land, then why do they only focus on Miss Sun? I Remember. There should be two Sons of the Void."

Crispy Noodles Dao Lord held his chin up. He thought carefully and said: "Sun RongThe girl already has the breath of the void. It is the same as those void spirits. The ancient Golden Men are relatively easy to distinguish. But the second son of the void .Although Little Master Ling already has a lock range, it is still well hidden."

"Is it hidden on purpose?"

"I think it was intentional. There may be an ulterior conspiracy behind it."

Crispy Noodles Dao Lord said: "But I think I will have the answer soon. The three people from God's Domain have already gone to capture people."





Chapter 1305 Group Status-1


On the other side, Gu Shunzhi, Wang Zhen, and Liu Qingyi were sent to carry out the task of capturing the second son of the void.

Because the identity could not be determined at present, the three people decided to catch all the suspected subjects and then conduct observation.

Once these suspected objects begin to smell like void creatures.

Then the identity of the Son of the Void is completely confirmed.

Based on the inference results from the Sage Immortal book.

In the end, the suspects focused on Jiang Xiaoche and Yi Zhiyang.

One is Boss Sun's personal secretary.

And the other one is the adopted son of Sword Master Yi Jianchuan.

Since it is not clear which one of the two is the Son of the Void, Lord Diulei's opinion is: capture them both.

And the kind that doesn't reveal its flaws.

Because no matter which one of these two people disappears, it may cause unnecessary trouble.

"Lord Ma has completed the docking. The fake bodies of Yi Zhiyang and Jiang Xiaoche are ready. When we kidnap them, we will just put on the fake bodies." Gu Shunzhi said to Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi. action plan.

"I've already seen that fake body. But these two people are still alive. What's the use of just changing bodies." Wang Zhen asked.

"These two fake bodies are more advanced and can be manipulated. There are specialized actors behind the scenes. It is said that they are actors carefully selected from within the Office of Strategic Deception."

Gu Shunzhi said: "Do you know those virtual anchors on the Internet who use two-dimensional AI to change faces?"

"Oh you said that!"

Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi suddenly realized.

They have all seen similar live broadcasts before. Even live broadcast accidents.

This is a technology that can completely replace Zhenren into a two-dimensional virtual anchor.

You can find someone alone to draw the character you want.

Then all we need is Zhenren to perform from behind.

During the live broadcast, all sounds and expressions will be intelligently captured by AI and then fed back to the set virtual anchor.

However, when this technology first came out, "rollover" accidents often occurred.

For example, you are watching with relish a two-dimensional virtual cute girl dancing in the live broadcast room.

As a result, the live broadcast room suddenly stalled.

The real host behind the performance hiding under this virtual software will be revealed in an instant.

Maybe it's an aunt over fifty years old.

Or maybe he's a fat nerd with acne on his face and a big belly...

"I didn't expect that Luo Pangzi would integrate such technology into his own simulated body technology... What a pity he is a pervert!" After listening to Gu Shunzhi's introduction, Wang Zhen's expression was greatly surprised.

In response, Gu Shunzhi also nodded: "Boss Luo is indeed a rare talent. It's a pity that he is a pervert!"

"It's a pity that he is a pervert. Has this sentence become a suffix to describe Boss Luo?"

Hearing the conversation between the two men, Liu Qingyi took the initiative to defend Luo Pangzi: "Boss Luo, what a good person! He is quick and witty. How can you say that about him! What a pity he is a pervert!"

Wang Zhen, Gu Shunzhi: "..."

...

The first kidnapping target was Yi Zhiyang.

Yi Zhiyang is relatively easy to tie.

Because since competing in the Jiulongshan Physical Martial Arts Competition, Yi Zhiyang is still in a state of autism and has not recovered.

Now I am still lying in the hospital. Apart from receiving infusions every day and receiving regular counseling from a psychologist in a daze, there is nothing else to do.

So the person in charge of the connection, the Office of Strategic Deception, also found it very easy to act.

Acting with facial paralysis like this is the least challenging.

Gu Shunzhi and the three men cut through the mess quickly and tied up Yi Zhiyang soon.

Then he cooperated with Lord Ma to place the simulated Yi Zhiyang on the hospital bed.

"There is one left." Gu Shunzhi said.

And this remaining one is also the most troublesome one...

Because the situation is different from that of Yi Zhiyang. After all, Jiang Xiaoche is a person with the ability to act. And he is also very defensive.

There were always men in black following him.

Therefore, we must find the time node when Jiang Xiaoche is alone.

Gu Shunzhi, Wang Zhen, and Liu Qingyi pretended to be employees of the Huaguo Shuilian Group.

Wearing employee uniforms, they waited for a full afternoon before they found a chance for Jiang Xiaoche to go to the toilet alone.

"The time has come. I'll leave this matter to you." Gu Shunzhi said to Wang Zhen.

"Why me..."

"I'm thinking about you."

Gu Shunzhi said earnestly: "In the final analysis, we are all working for Ling Zhenren. You have to express yourself more to win Ling Zhenren's favor. Do you understand?"

"that is!"

Liu Qingyi smiled evilly: "Senior Gu was originally the commander of this operation. That place is also a men's toilet. You don't have to let me go there as a girl!"

This call of "Senior Gu" made Gu Shunzhi feel extremely complicated...

After Liu Qingyi said this, he also received a big eye roll from Wang Zhen.

When I usually go to the toilet, why would you just break in through the door?

Now I think of myself as a girl...

But in the end, Wang Zhen gritted his teeth and said, "Just go!"

Among the three people from their divine realm, Wang Zhen felt that his status was indeed the lowest.

Even Wang Zhen named his network ID like this: Humble Wang Zhen. Earth Survival.

Eight short words fully express Wang Zhen's current life status.

He felt that what Gu Shunzhi said actually made sense.

The so-called hard work means long life. It's better to hug Wang Ling's thigh...

If I try harder to please Ling Zhenren, I'm afraid my status will really get lower and lower!

...

In the men's restroom. The outside is guarded by several bodyguards in black.

Wang Zhen couldn't break through directly from the main entrance, so he had to find a hidden position and planned to dodge over the wall.

Wang Zhen knows a lot of Heavenly Dao spells. But many of them were learned by Wang Zhen quickly because of his quick practice.

So most of them have two knives.

For example, this move "Big Flash." His performance is not very stable.

Wang Zhen just hopes that he won't appear in some weird position...

In the toilet, Jiang Xiaoche is facing the urinal.

He had just unzipped his pants. Before he could take it out, a hand stretched out from the urinal and grabbed his hand: "Brother... calm down! Don't pee!"

Wang Zhen sighed.

Sure enough, he flashed into a strange position...

That's right. He flashed into the urinal.

And what's worse is that Jiang Xiaoche is about to take out his own faucet and aim it at him.

Wang Zhen made a prompt decision and reached out to stop Jiang Xiaoche's behavior.

Oh my god!

Jiang Xiaoche was frightened on the spot. All parts of his body were frightened...

A person suddenly jumped out of the urinal. The level of panic was no different from that of Sadako crawling out of the TV.

However, he didn't have time to scream.

Snap!

Wang Zhen then struck Jiang Xiaoche unconscious with a strike of his knife.

Although the start was unfavorable, it was a near miss.

Wang Zhen wiped the sweat from his forehead.

Preparing to wait for Lord Ma to transmit.

As a result, he suddenly saw a silver vortex beginning to gather in front of his eyes...

"This is?" Wang Zhen was confused.

Lord Ma's teleportation has always been a golden beam of light. When were the teleportation effects modified?

He was surprised.

A fat man fell heavily on the toilet tiles with a "snap."

The fat man was frothing at the mouth. It looked like he was suffering from motion sickness because the "vehicle speed" of the space teleportation was too fast.

"Brother?" Wang Zhen walked over in surprise.

Then, he saw the visitor's iconic fat face.

"Oh... isn't this Zhao Qingxian from the Zhao family?"

Wang Zhen recognized the identity of the person at a glance!

This guy is not staying well in the divine realm. What is he doing on earth...

...

A few minutes later, the bodyguard at the door heard strange noises coming from the toilet and quickly broke in.

And Wang Zhen had completed the task and walked out from the side as if nothing had happened.

The package transfer has been completed.

The person in the toilet now is the fake Jiang Xiaoche. The real person has been knocked unconscious. The Office of Strategic Deception has been teleported by Lord Ma.

"What's going on? It makes so much noise to tie someone up. Can you do it?" Liu Qingyi was shocked by the scene in front of her. Her face was full of confusion. She didn't know what happened in the toilet just now.

"I saw Zhao Qingxian!" Wang Zhen whispered.

"Zhao Qingxian? It's the one from the Zhao family..."

Liu Qingyi was shocked: "What is he doing on earth!"

She thought of the terrifying scene when she was chased and intercepted by the Zhao family's young master in the divine realm.

Wang Zhen looked at Liu Qingyi's panicked expression and said with a smile, "Could he be here to find you?"

"Why are you looking for...looking for me! I can't possibly like her! Even if I like...I can never like him!"

"Who do you like?"

"..."

Liu Qingyi was silent for a moment. Her face turned red. She quickly changed the subject: "Now, how is he?"

"Beat him. I think I'll leave him alone."

"You actually beat him up..." Liu Qingyi laughed instantly.

It turns out that those strange sounds in the toilet just now were the sounds of Wang Zhen beating someone!

"If you don't hit him, hit him." Wang Zhenhehehe.

Even if it's not for Liu Qingyi, it's for himself!

Among the few people from this divine realm, his status is already the lowest.

If there were more Zhao Qingxian who liked to flatter Ling Zhenren,

Wouldn't my status still need to be -1 again??

Hum!╭(╯^╰)╮!

He absolutely can't let this happen!





Chapter 1306 Little Wang Ling


Wow!

A basin of refreshing water was poured on Zhao Qingxian's body.

He woke up from a coma and felt a huge pain in his head.

The cold water seeped into his wound. The pain made Zhao Qingxian grin and scream.

Zhao Qingxian woke up and found that his hands were handcuffed.

Facing him were two police officers responsible for interrogation.

Something seems wrong...

He remembered that after he boarded the teleportation array in God's Realm, he lost consciousness during the teleportation process... This may be the "motion sickness" phenomenon caused by the too-fast teleportation speed.

But the question is. How did he get this injury?

Why did I appear in this police station?

Zhao Qingxian couldn't understand these things at all.

"This is the earth, right..." Zhao Qingxian stared at the two police officers in front of him and asked with a serious face.

The police officers were stunned. One of the police officers stared at Zhao Qingxian speechlessly: "Although you were beaten like an alien, there is no use pretending to be an alien here. Do you understand? Now we are We are establishing diplomatic relations with the Heavenly Dao planet. All aliens have information files. So, honestly explain the facts of your crime. Otherwise, you will suffer."

"Crime facts..."

Zhao Qingxian's mouth twitched. He wanted to cry but had no tears.

He just came to earth. Why did he become a criminal suspect...

"You are in big trouble!!!"

The police officer looked at Zhao Qingxian very seriously: "You know, your behavior of beating yourself up like an alien and then hiding in the toilet and squatting to scare people is very shameful! Very and extremely shameful!"

"What the hell?" Zhao Qingxian was confused.

"Jiang Xiaoche, the secretary-general of Huaguo Shuilian Group, was so frightened by you that he is unconscious now! The situation is much more serious than you think!"

Zhao Qingxian couldn't laugh or cry: "Officer... I understand the truth! But do you think anyone can be so boring? Beat yourself up like a pig's head to scare others..."

"It's hard to say. Maybe there are really such boring people."

The police officer chuckled: "We have already tested the scene. There is no trace of a third person. That's why we made this inference. And... we have reason to doubt your orientation!"

Zhao Qingxian: "???"

Police officer: "According to the statement provided by the security personnel at the scene, when they found you, your hand had already been inserted into Secretary Jiang's crotch!"

Zhao Qingxian: "???"

"So we basically restored the scene based on the facts."

The police officer turned the pen in his hand and expressed his reasoning.

"First, you have coveted Secretary Jiang for a long time. So you beat yourself into a pig's head and hid in the toilet to try to scare Secretary Jiang. After trying to scare Secretary Jiang unconscious, you carried out ill-intentioned actions against him."

"..."

"Second, Secretary Jiang was frightened and accidentally collided with your head, causing you to fall to the ground at the same time. Then the security personnel on the scene rushed into the toilet. They happened to encounter the dirty hand you extended..."

After saying that, the police officer was filled with indignation and slammed the table.

He thought of the "Room N" incident that happened not long ago. The anger on his face was even more obvious!

These Heaven-Slaying Swordsmen who can't restrain their desires should get out of here. They should all be severely punished by Heavenly Dao!

At the same time, he also felt sorry for Secretary Jiang, who had not recovered yet.

When you go out, whether you are a girl or a boy, you must protect yourself!

This good secretary-general is crazy even if he is crazy...

...

Office of Strategic DeceptionTrue Venerated Immortal Hall. With the second kidnapped Jiang Xiaoche being teleported here by Lord Ma, the entire package swap plan has been successfully implemented.

Jiang Xiaoche was in a coma when he was sent here. He was transported here in a very strange posture with his butt stuck out.

"They do things neatly." Crispy Noodles Dao Lord smiled slightly and took the initiative to take a step forward and turned Jiang Xiaoche's face over.

Later, it was discovered that the zipper of Jiang Xiaoche's pants was wide open and unknown liquid leaked out...

This scene forced Crispy Noodles Dao Lord to quickly take back his hand. He was not prepared to touch Jiang Xiaoche again.

As Wang Ling's "real alter ego" Crispy Noodles Dao Lord, he also has his own distinctive personality.

For example: mysophobia.

Take the matter of eating crispy noodles as an example. Wang Ling doesn't mind grabbing the crumbs in the bag with his bare hands. His fingers are covered with seasoning powder.

But Crispy Noodles Dao Lord is different. He must wear gloves. Or use magic to guide the broken noodles inside into his mouth...

If he directly grabbed it, he would not be able to accept it psychologically.

"I'll do it." Immortal Zhenyuan saw this and took the initiative to step forward and help Crispy Noodles Dao Lord out of the siege.

He saw Crispy Noodles Dao Lord condensing the moisture in the air to clean his hands. He couldn't help laughing and said: "Senior Crispy Noodles Dao Lord's mysophobia is a bit powerful. Is it that exaggerated?"

"This is not a matter of exaggeration or not."

Crispy Noodles Dao Lord shook his head: "I feel like after I touched him, my whole body was unclean!"

"..."

...

At the same time. In the underground retreat cellar of the Office of Strategic Deception. In the retreat room Number 328. Zhuo Yi, the Death Heavenly Dao and Sun Rong. are receiving shelter from the Office of Strategic Deception here.

The underground retreat cellar of the Office of Strategic Deception is designed for all disciples who need retreat. There are a total of 3,000 secret rooms.

Jiang Xiaoche and Yi Zhiyang will also be sent to a separate secret room here for protection later.

These two are like time bombs.

One of them may awaken and become a son of the void at any time. Therefore, the task of monitoring these two people is indeed arduous and has a long way to go.

However, there are two generals from the Office of Strategic Deception, Crispy Noodles Dao Lord and Zhenyuan Immortal, guarding this place. I believe that even if we encounter trouble, we can easily solve it.

In secret room Number 328, Sun Rong looked at the feedback from the True Venerated Immortal Hall. He was slightly startled: "Zhuo Yi Senior. I didn't expect that Brother Jiang might be the Son of the Void..."

Zhuo Yi: "Are you surprised?"

"No."

Sun Rong shook his head: "Actually, I'm even more surprised. Why is there someone in the hall who looks so similar to classmate Wang Ling."

"You mean Crispy Noodles Dao Lord?"

"Is this senior called Crispy Noodles Dao Lord?"

The girl was stunned: "I'm just saying it's not classmate Wang Ling... classmate Wang Ling would never say so many words in a row in one chapter!"

Zhuo Yi laughed: "That was the master's real clone. It was split from his body. You can understand it as the 'son' born to the master. That is, little Wang Ling? So of course it's like La!"

LittleWang Ling...

The girl seemed to have thought of something and blushed.

"Then what is the real clone?" Sun Rong asked.

"Ordinary clones usually dissipate immediately after receiving a heavy blow and do not have intelligence. Instead, they act according to the instructions of the main body. But the real clone is different. It not only has lasting combat capabilities. It also has self-awareness."Zhuo YiAnswered briefly.

"Thank you, senior. I probably understand."

Sun Rong nodded. She looked at Crispy Noodles Dao Lord on the screen. She was slightly absent-minded.

It's a wonderful feeling





Chapter 1307 The visitor from the land abandoned by God


The land abandoned by God. After countless bargainings.

Now only the head of the Wu family, the head of the Li family and the head of the Sheng family are left.

"The cultivation of 300 lives..." The head of the Wu family wanted to cry but had no tears.

He didn't know if it's because God's Spirit Column doesn't like him.

The price of his resurrection has been forced to be increased to 300 lives...

The head of the Wu family felt a little broken inside. The cost of 300 lives. This is no different from directly choosing to be reincarnated.

But the head of the Wu family didn't dare to ask or tell. Because of the Spirit Column's temper, he might be punished for another 30 years if he asked.

"I think I'd better just die." The head of the Wu family gave up resistance. He sat slumped on the ground, regretting it endlessly.

If he had known this, he might as well have accepted the punishment of the first 100 lives earlier. Otherwise, he wouldn't have reached this point.

"I think we can still save a little more." The head of the Li family sweated on his temples.

His punishment results are not much better than those of the head of the Wu family. The more punishments he gets, the more punishments he gets. They have been piled up to 200 lifetimes.

The head of the Sheng family was even worse. Because he was the mastermind who instigated the war, he was directly sentenced to 500 lives.

In other words, the three of them together must pay 1,000 lifetimes of cultivation... before they can get out of this god-forsaken place!

In short, no matter whether he can go out or not...the head of the Sheng family will have the word "miserable" written on his forehead.

"There must be other ways!" The head of the Li family gritted his teeth. He still refused to give up.

He prayed devoutly, hoping that someone would come down from the sky to save them.

The three family heads know very well that if they choose to be reincarnated.

The Wu, Li, and Sheng families will quickly fall apart in a very short period of time without Dao God in charge.

"It seems that the three family heads are in distress."

In the land abandoned by the gods, a disembodied voice came.

The direction of this sound could not be determined. It seemed as if it was coming from an extremely long distance. It also seemed as if it was very close at hand.

Immediately, the owner of the voice appeared. They only saw a faint outline that was definitely not a human figure.

"This is..."

The heads of the three families were shocked. They simply could not believe that they could see other living beings in this god-forsaken land.

And they can be sure that this creature is definitely not a substance like a dead soul. It is essentially different from them.

This mysterious creature was shrouded in a thick gray mist. It exuded a divine aura. There was a sense of mystery all over its body.

Although he didn't know the origin of this gray mist creature, just based on intuition, the head of the Li family felt that maybe they could be saved!

"I dare to ask, your Excellency, can you save me? It's like fire or water?" The head of the Li family showed longing eyes.

"It's easy to save you."

The gray mist creature laughed: "I can resurrect you without spending a single bit of cultivation."

As soon as he finished speaking, the pillar spirit in the land abandoned by the gods finally couldn't help but speak out.

"Shut up...you shouldn't be here..."

The Pillar of God's Abandonment trembled slightly, seeming to be very angry at the appearance of the gray mist creatures.

A buzz!

The entire land abandoned by the gods began to riot. The originally peaceful space began to tremble violently. Countless black lotuses condensed with powerful spiritual energy bloomed from the cracked earth.

These black lotuses are amazingly powerful. They exude incredible divine power. The three heads of the Wu, Li, and Sheng families are surrounded by these black lotuses.

At the same time, countless vines sprouted from the cracks in the ground and wrapped around their feet.

In the eyes of the three of them, these blossoming black lotuses were like mines. The power contained in just one of them was enough to destroy their souls.

However, at this moment, the mysterious creature in the gray mist spoke again.

He was in a place abandoned by gods, but he didn't take Zhu Ling into his eyes at all.

"I advise you to stop...you know. Exploding these black lotuses won't do anyone any good," the gray mist creature said.

This is definitely not a tone of discussion. It is an unquestionable tone of command.

For a long time, God Spirit Column did not speak.

It is obviously afraid of the creatures in the gray mist. However, it also knows that this is a place abandoned by gods!

This is not the first time that this gray mist creature has challenged the authority of its pillar spirit.

So this time, Zhu Ling didn't plan to endure it any longer.

"Then let's die together."

Zhu Ling's voice was cold.

Decided to fight head-on with the creatures in the gray mist.

It controls the black lotus on the ground. The black lotus bursts into blazing light on the spot!

No!

At this moment, the souls of the three masters are trembling!

They have no doubt that these black lotuses will explode in the next second, completely destroying their souls!

However, what they didn't expect was that the power of this gray mist creature was far beyond their imagination.

This was a duel beyond their imagination.

The three masters can't help but start to wonder whether there are other realms between Dao God and Dao Ancestor...

Whether it is the power of pillar spirits or the power of gray mist creatures, it is far beyond their imagination.

"Finally, can't you bear it anymore...want to detonate the black lotus? How can I let you succeed..." The creature in the gray mist let out a gentle laugh.

He seemed to have expected such a result.

The next moment, the layer of mysterious gray fog lingering around the creatures in the gray fog suddenly spread out, overwhelming the sky and covering the entire land abandoned by the gods!

These gray mist are like gluttonous minions, swallowing up the black lotus on the ground and the accompanying black vines!

In an instant, the terrifying black lotus spawned by the pillar spirit's rage had no time to complete the explosion and disappeared instantly.

"You are just something inspired by Dao Ancestor. You cannot be my opponent..."

The next moment, the overwhelming gray fog in the God-Abandoned Land condensed again.

The outline of the gray mist creature also appeared beside the Pillar of God's Abandonment. He stretched out his claws and pressed on the Pillar of God's Abandonment.

It's obviously a caress, but it's actually a threat.

"You rely on your authority to do whatever you want. You will eventually get backlash..." God Spirit Column was helpless.

It never expected that it would encounter such a rogue and annoying guy! Overstepping one's authority, Repeatedly meddling in the affairs of its god-forsaken land!

"Life is so boring. You have to find something interesting to do, right?"

The creature in the gray mist loosened its claws and laughed again: "I'm kidding you. I don't really want to kill you. Dao Ancestor doesn't have many enlightenment toys left. I have to keep you to make it interesting."

"What on earth do you want to do..." God Spirit Column still doesn't quite understand why the gray mist creatures are willing to rescue the heads of these three families.

"What don't you want to do?"

The gray mist creature spread its paws. He looked at the heads of the three families in front of him: "I just think their greed is very interesting. How about you give me some face?"

"What are you doing..." God Spirit Column said almost through gritted teeth.

It wanted to say: "You are seeking death."

But once the words came to my lips, I was too lazy to continue talking.

Because it knew that it was impossible to make sense between itself and the creatures in the gray mist.

"Take the three of them. Get out!"

These are the last words God Spirit Column said to this gray mist creature.

"It's just a toy that has been enlightened. It has quite a bad temper." The gray mist creature chuckled.

The next moment.

He opened the gray mist and swept away the souls of the three family heads. They disappeared together into this god-forsaken place...





Chapter 1308 Bronze Cat Negotiation


The place abandoned by God. With the departure of the last three family heads, the place fell into silence again.

The appearance of the gray mist creatures made the God Spirit Column feel helpless.

It is unable to resist the gray mist creatures. It is even less able to refute what the gray mist creatures say.

Enlightenment toys?...

God Spirit Column is extremely helpless.

For a long time, the creatures of the gray mist have been punished for interfering in the land abandoned by the gods.

Zhu Ling has been patient and controlling his temper.

But this time.

Its endurance has reached its limit.

Although it allowed the gray mist creatures to take away the three masters, it was just a delaying tactic.

"Even if you pay the price this time... I will definitely let you get punished..." The voice of the pillar spirit echoed in the land abandoned by the gods.

If there is one person in this world who can teach the gray mist creatures a lesson...

Then. The God Abandoned Pillar can only think of one person.

However, it is extremely dangerous to summon this person's soul to the land abandoned by the gods.

If you are not careful, it will suffer backlash.

However. In order to punish the gray mist creatures.

At the same time, it is also so that Dao Ancestor Wang's way of cultivation can be passed down for a longer time.

God Spirit Column knows very well that this gray mist creature has reached a point where it cannot be eliminated.

Therefore. Even if this matter is risky.

It will also go against the will of heaven...

The next moment, God Spirit Column concentrated his energy and began to use the entire land abandoned by God to perform the summoning ceremony.

The power of 6,000 lifetimes of cultivation... This is all the cultivation that the Pillar of Abandonment has collected so far through divine punishment.

Now the Abandoned Pillar is sparing no effort to invest in it. Sacrifice it directly! Just to gain enough power to summon a person's soul!

...

Wang Ling opens his eyes.

I found myself summoned to a dark and claustrophobic space.

What comes into view is a huge altar.

"A place abandoned by the gods."Wang Ling immediately recognized what kind of place he had come to.

Previously, when Monk Jin Deng was broadcasting live in the main hall of the Office of Strategic DeceptionTrue Venerated Immortal, he also learned about the existence of such a place by peeking at the screen.

It's just that Wang Ling didn't expect it.

I was actually summoned here.

He was clearly still in the Wang family's small villa before.

In the blink of an eye, Wang Ling felt his soul tremble slightly. Immediately, his soul was summoned here.

"It must have cost a huge price..."

Wang Ling is clear.

There is no one in this world who has the ability to summon him.

Unless you pay an immeasurable price.

Wang Ling stared at the altar in front of him. It was very clear who was responsible for the current operation.

The God Spirit Column has the ability to punish all the souls in the world of cultivation. This ability can even directly transcend Heavenly Dao.

Therefore, except God Spirit Column, no other person can do it.

"What do you want from me?" At this moment, Wang Ling took a step forward.

King's Eyes saw clearly the true form of God's Spirit Column.

It was a bronze-colored cat with strange runes carved all over its body.

Zhu Ling hid at the top of the Pillar of God's Abandonment. He gently licked his cat's paw: "If it's not a last resort, I don't want to trouble Ling Zhenren."

"You know me?"

"I've heard it for a long time," said the pillar spirit of the God's Abandoned Pillar.

The main thing is that it can clearly know the real cause of death of every person who is sent to the land abandoned by God.

It was precisely because of the scene where the six Dao Gods were crushed to death by Wang Ling at the same time. The Pillar of Abandonment of God further confirmed the power of Wang Ling.

Before that, although Zhu Ling knew about the existence of Wang Ling, he had no real understanding of the true strength of Wang Ling.

"Are they the creatures in the gray fog?" At this moment, Wang Ling asked via voice transmission.

He used the power of King's Eyes to rewind everything that had just happened in the God-Forsaken Land.

At the same time, he also saw clearly the non-human creatures that appeared in the land abandoned by the gods and were wrapped in a thick layer of gray mist.

This gray mist creature is arrogant.

Total disregard for the authority of God's Spirit Column.

With an extremely arrogant attitude, he took away the heads of the Wu, Li, and Sheng families. He also verbally humiliated Zhu Ling.

And at this moment, Wang Ling saw all of this through the retrospective of King's Eyes.

"Zhenren must have seen it too. How arrogant is this guy in the gray mist?"

The bronze cat looked at Wang Ling. He spoke sincerely: "If we don't stop him and teach him a sufficient lesson, the world of cultivation will be in chaos... Don't worry, Ling Zhenren. I won't ask you to take action in vain."

"?"Wang Ling is curious. I wonder what the Bronze Cat can offer in exchange.

Now. Wang Ling knows that his horizons have become higher.

Ordinary crispy noodles can no longer satisfy him.

Unless it's the limited edition special flavor crispy noodles that he hasn't eaten before...

And it's not enough to only send one pack!

At least get one box!

"I know. Ling Zhenren is rescuing a girl."

The Bronze Cat of the Pillar Spirit in the Land Abandoned by the Gods said: "That girl is the child of the Void. The whole Void is looking forward to her return... Once the girl's soul falls into the hands of the Void, everything will be too late."

In exchange for teaching the creatures of the gray mist a lesson, the Bronze Cat said: "I am a god-forsaken land. Only at the level of Dao God am I qualified to keep backups. If Ling Zhenren agrees to my request, I can make an exception. Let that person The girl's name also appears on my list."

Hearing this, Wang Ling raised his eyebrows.

He already understood what the bronze cat meant.

The Pillar of Abandonment itself has the power to control the soul beyond the authority of Heavenly Dao.

If the Abandoned Land comes forward to detain Sun Rong's soul first when it encounters a threat, this will undoubtedly add another layer of insurance.

This exchange condition seems reasonable to Wang Ling.

After all, the girl herself only has the Foundation Building stage.

Now I can get the privileges that only the Dao God level has.

However, Wang Ling still did not agree directly.

This is negotiation.

Especially when the other party takes the initiative to come to negotiate, he takes the initiative.

As long as you don't rush to agree, the other party will definitely continue to increase the bargaining chips.

This is a method that Wang Ling learned from Father Wang. When Lie Mengmeng came to urge for manuscripts, Father Wang often did this trick. Then he "cheated" the recommendation positions of many novels...

Everything went as Wang Ling expected.

Just after he was silent for a few minutes, Bronze Cat indeed increased its "chips" again.

"Okay Zhenren. I can open up another privilege. When the Sun Rong girl is allowed to leave the land abandoned by the gods, she will be liberated directly without spending any cultivation."

"..." Wang Ling is silent.

"In addition, I am also responsible for protecting the safety of this girl... As long as she is within the scope of the Forsaken Land, I will take action against anyone who breaks into this place, even if it is a void creature."

"..." Wang Ling is silent.

"Add another box of limited edition flavored crispy noodles..."

"make a deal."

Wang Ling agrees.

When the bronze cat heard this, he couldn't help but let out a long sigh of relief.

As a God-like being who can control the souls of cultivators, the Bronze Cat himself never expected that one day he would ask a young man on Earth to help him.

The bronze cat thought he was God.

However, it wasn't until it knew Wang Ling. that it clearly understood its mistake.

It discovered that it was not qualified to be God.

And Wang Ling. may be a being more powerful than God.

God may have called Jobs away because he wanted to play with his mobile phone;

God may have called away Kobe because he wanted to play basketball;

But it is impossible for God to call Wang Ling away just because he wants to be beaten...





Chapter 1309 Humble Heavenly Dao


Wang Ling woke up. The soul returned to the body.

The conversation with the Bronze Cat in the Forsaken Land seemed like a long time, but in fact it only lasted a moment.

In front of us, the surviving Heavenly Dao and the humanoid Er Ha are still producing death talismans on the assembly line. This was originally the second insurance imposed by Wang Ling after Sun Rong obtained the Buddha's Golden Lotus.

As for the promise of the Bronze Cat in the Land Abandoned by God, it is the third way.

He didn't believe that with the persistence of this triple insurance, who else could abduct the girl's soul...

"What did you see?" Er Ha seemed stunned for a moment when he saw Wang Ling. He asked hurriedly.

Under normal circumstances, Wang Ling's attention is relatively concentrated, because he has to study hard. Operations like deserting in class will not happen to Wang Ling who loves learning.

So if you are stunned, then there is only one situation, and that is when the soul leaves the body.

I have lived with Wang Ling for a long time. Er Ha thinks that this level of understanding is completely basic.

"The creatures in the gray fog."Wang Ling said six words.

What?

Er Ha didn't understand its meaning.

However, after Heavenly Dao, who was writing the scapegoat, heard these words, the movements of his hand suddenly stopped.

There was disbelief in his eyes: "How did Zhenren know..."

"What are the creatures in this gray mist?" Er Ha asked.

"This is taboo. It cannot be said..." Heavenly Dao's body was trembling.

"Taboo?" Er Ha smiled: "How many slaps can this taboo be worth to my Little Master Ling?"

Survival Heavenly Dao was stunned when he heard this.

He really didn't know how to answer this question...

Although Heavenly Dao has never seen the powerful existence of this gray mist creature.

However, he also roughly knew from word of mouth from the Golden Men in Heaven that the strength of this gray mist creature was at least as strong as that of the monk.

For a long time, Heavenly Dao was lost in thought. He didn't know where Wang Ling knew about the existence of this gray mist creature.

But survival Heavenly Dao changed his mind.

He thought it might be okay for him to say it.

This gray mist creature is indeed terrifying. It is regarded as a taboo by heaven.

But the problem is. He is now in Ling Zhenren's home! Is there any safer place in the world than Ling Zhenren's home?

And since Ling Zhenren has told about the gray mist creatures, it proves that Ling Zhenren is probably already prepared.

So when I thought about it, Heavenly Dao felt that even if he said it, it wouldn't matter.

"This is a taboo existence...it once made a big fuss in heaven a long time ago..." said the survivor Heavenly Dao with a look of fear in his eyes.

"Making trouble in heaven? Is this person related to Dao Ancestor Wang?" Er Ha asked.

I have to say. This question hits the nail on the head.

Naturally, those who can make a big fuss in heaven these days are not good-natured ones. To give an inappropriate example, this is just like those people who refuse to pay back money...essentially they are all uncles.

"I have never seen this gray mist creature. It is said that it is a mythical beast kept in captivity by Dao Ancestor Wang. No one has seen what he looks like. I only know that he has a pair of indestructible claws." Survival Heavenly Dao said .

"Which one are you more afraid of, being held on your neck by Lord Jingke or being held by the claws of this gray mist creature?" Er Ha asked.

This soul question made Living Heavenly Dao suddenly twitch the corner of his mouth.

This is a great problem...

It's just like the question of who to save first if your girlfriend and your mother fall into the water at the same time. Whichever side you choose, you will die!

They Heavenly Dao. are so humble!

There was a trace of despair in Heavenly Dao's eyes: "This question. Please forgive Zhenren... I really don't know how to answer... However, this gray mist creature is indeed terrifying. Maybe this will be what Zhenren will encounter." The most powerful opponent."

As I said this to survive Heavenly Dao, I was imagining a possibility with a particularly low probability.

Anyway, there are devils on both sides now...

Why not let the devils fight with each other? If they die together, won't they be able to make heaven pure in the end?

"..." Wang Ling read out the little thoughts of surviving Heavenly Dao. He was silent in his heart.

He didn't know when, but his impression in Heavenly Dao also became a "devil?"

Wang Ling is puzzled.

Isn't it the last time I put Jingke on the neck of Heavenly Dao and questioned him for a while?

Does this make him a devil?

And he was just a little anxious at the time and had no real intention of killing Heavenly Dao.

At this time. Wang Ling is reflecting.

He is such an amiable person.

Follow the rules of Heavenly Dao honestly and conscientiously.

What are the requirements really? He also paid the price in exchange of equal value!

Don't mistake the village chief for a cadre! Expired crispy noodles are also delicacies, right?

He would be reluctant to give it to ordinary people!

As a result, this group of Heavenly Dao actually looked at him like this. He was so ignorant of current affairs... He deserved not to appear in the first season of the animation! Humph!

"What are Ling Zhenren thinking?" He was stunned (si) again when he saw Wang Ling. Survivor Heavenly Dao asked weakly.

He was actually a little afraid that he had really offended Wang Ling.

But Wang Ling is a generous person. He doesn't care about so many things.

And in order to get rid of the "devil" impression in Heavenly Dao's eyes.

Wang Ling decided to go with the flow and do a good thing for the little Golden Men of Heavenly Dao.

"Has no one seen the appearance of the gray mist creature?" At this time, Wang Ling asked via voice transmission.

He looked at Heavenly Dao, trying hard to maintain a amiable image on his face.

This stiff smile made Heavenly Dao tremble all over: "Zhenren. You'd better stop laughing...it's so scary..." You smiled as if you were crying...

Those words are outside the quotation marks. In the end, Heavenly Dao did not have the courage to say it.

Wang Ling didn't care. He continued to send messages and asked: "So, do you think about it?"

These words immediately stunned Heavenly Dao: "What are you looking at? That creature in the gray mist?"

"Yes."Wang Ling nodded.

The words just fell.

Survivor Heavenly Dao looked extremely surprised.

Since ancient times, the creature in the gray fog has always maintained an extreme sense of mystery. No one has seen his true appearance. This is by no means just talk.

And at the same time.

The pressure brought by the mystery hidden deep in the gray fog also makes all those who know the existence of the gray fog creatures remain silent and change their expressions.

The fear of the unknown is always there.

And what Wang Ling is doing now is to help Heavenly Dao get rid of the fear of the gray fog creatures first.

"Zhenren...this..."

"My little master is asking you if you want to see it. Don't talk so much nonsense." Er Ha rolled his eyes.

Survival Heavenly Dao gritted his teeth. At this moment, he seemed to have made a great determination: "I want to see it!"

"good."

Wang Ling nodded.

He opened his King's Eyes to explore the world.

When the power of King's Eyes penetrated into every corner of the universe, the creatures hidden in the gray mist were finally captured by Wang Ling's sight.

Under the pupil power of King's Eyes, all the gray mist lingering around the gray mist creatures suddenly disappeared...

Wang Ling projects the body of the gray mist creature into the void in his bedroom.

Through layers of fog.

Survival Heavenly Dao finally saw clearly what this gray mist creature looked like.

"This is..." Heavenly Dao was shocked.

He never expected it.

It was originally supposed to be a gray mist creature with a high-end atmosphere and a classy image.

His body is actually a...

Groundhog...





Chapter 1310 Groundhog-like confusion


Why is the gray mist creature a marmot...

At this moment, the expression on Heavenly Dao's face is wonderful.

After all, the creatures of gray fog have always been mysterious and unpredictable existences in the minds of Heavenly Dao. Power Heavenly Dao even calls them the mysterious power hidden under the gray fog.

The pair of claws that are said to be indestructible make the Heavenly DaoGolden Men in heaven fearful.

Take Heavenly Dao as an example. He has fantasized about the appearance of gray fog creatures countless times...

That's Dao Ancestor Wang's mythical beast!

How can I say that this complete form must at least have a volume the size of a planet!

Every move and every move is filled with terrifying power that can destroy the planet. He stands on a nine-dragon coffin, wears star clothes, and his hands are like prehistoric blades. He can destroy everything in the world...

But now, this persona has completely collapsed.

Groundhog...

Why is the mysterious gray fog creature such a creature that looks retarded and likes to scream "ahhhh!"

At this moment, Heavenly Dao, who knew the truth of the matter, had the urge to overturn the table.

(╯°Д°)╯︵┻━┻

However, considering that this was at the home of Wang Ling. Survival Heavenly Dao still restrained his thoughts of seeking death.

Because this table has also been enlightened, he can't offend it at all. And the Wang family's enlightened spirits are very united. If you lift the table at will, you will probably be hung up and beaten.

He doesn't want to be transported to Lord Ma's inner space by Lord Ma to eat shit with Yu Shenshu...

"Mythical beasts are all born from chaos. But why is it a marmot?" Survival Heavenly Dao was confused. He felt that he knew a huge secret. His whole body felt bad.

"The reason is very simple. He may not be a groundhog at all. He is just a mythical beast that looks very similar to a groundhog. Such a probability is not impossible."

At this time, the book of Sage Immortal once again talked to itself and interrupted: "The mythical beasts bred in the chaos are all kinds of strange. Many people think that the bigger they are, the more powerful they are. In fact, this is not the case."

"What do you mean? Make it clearer." Er Ha also asked.

"According to information calculated from big data, the strength of a mythical beast is determined based on the chaos energy in the body. The greater the proportion of chaos energy, the stronger it is. Therefore, many people pursue huge mythical beasts. They think that the larger the size, the more likely it is that the energy in the body will be stronger. The greater the proportion of chaos energy."

The book of Sage Immortal said: "In fact, the size theory is completely a misunderstanding. The smaller the mythical beast bred from the chaos egg, the more valuable it is and the more powerful it is. Therefore, this gray mist creature that looks like a marmot is actually a misunderstanding. It's a very rare groundhog-like mythical beast."

"No matryoshka dolls!"

The corner of Er Ha's eye twitched: "Anyway, it looks like a groundhog. I think I'll just call it a groundhog."

"I really didn't expect it to be like this." Heavenly Dao was amazed. He felt that his knowledge had increased.

Here he got the answer to the true appearance of the creatures in the gray fog.

It also means that other Heavenly Dao also know about it.

All information between Heavenly Dao is exchanged. There are no secrets.

"Actually, I still don't understand something. Since you three thousand Heavenly Dao have already been troubled by this prairie dog, why don't you fit in? Wouldn't it be enough to deal with it early?" At this time, Er Ha asked. And In fact, this is also a question that Wang Ling wants to ask.

Talking about the "Heavenly Dao Fusion" thing. Even Heavenly Dao couldn't help but sigh.

Surviving Heavenly Dao: "Back then, Dao Ancestor Wang divided us into 3,000 parts. He limited our power and also imposed a ban on merging. Although we can fuse, there is an upper limit on the number... We can only complete a maximum of one hundred Heavenly Dao fusions."

Er Ha: "One hundred Heavenly Dao combined. What level?"

Survival Heavenly Dao: "Being slapped by Ling Zhenren will not lead to death."

Wang Ling, Er Ha: "..."

Survival Heavenly Dao: "Three thousand Heavenly Dao merged. Such a thing has not happened for a long time. It is a fantasy to us. And this restriction is very strange. Even Ling Zhenren can't do it so easily. Lifted."

Indeed.

Wang Ling nodded secretly.

His King's Eyes can theoretically break all restrictions, curses, unclean things, etc. Wait a minute!

However, in the case of surviving Heavenly Dao. Wang Ling has not found any restrictions yet.

However, Wang Ling feels that it is not that he cannot solve it. It is that he has not yet examined the "question" left by Dao Ancestor Wang.

If you want to lift the ban, it's actually like doing a math problem. You need to understand the problem type and take the right medicine.

Sometimes it is even more necessary to backtrack the entire calculation process.

So as long as we find the specific way in which Dao Ancestor Wang set the ban, it will be easy to work backwards.

Those complicated restrictions can't be accomplished simply by chanting a mantra and walking in a formation.

Wang Ling discovered that Dao Ancestor Wang is a "restriction maniac." He likes to perform operations that lock other people's permissions.

For example, the "restriction" on entering the unspeakable place. It was also another question left by Dao Ancestor Wang.

"How does Ling Zhenren plan to attack this gray mist creature?" asked the survivor Heavenly Dao.

This question is actually very obscure.

Out of his understanding of Wang Ling. Survival Heavenly Dao now also has a little understanding of Wang Ling's style. He is not the one who will take the first shot.

And this is indeed the case.

Even if Wang Ling agreed to the Bronze Cat's commission and planned to take action against the gray mist creatures, now, he still needs a condition to take action.

"The opportunity will come soon." At this time, Wang Ling said to Heavenly Dao. in a faint message.

He had a premonition.

I have a feeling that this groundhog will soon go to heaven to cause trouble.

And it turned out that Wang Ling's hunch was accurate.

...

In heaven, with the arrival of an uninvited guest, all the little Golden Men of Heavenly Dao fell into panic.

Gray mist creatures appeared in the meeting hall of the Heavenly Dao Committee.

He put his claws against the neck of Heavenly Dao. His words were full of undoubted threats: "If you don't modify the white list, I will kill you."

The gray mist creatures came to the heaven to cause trouble just as Wang Ling thought.

He threatened Heavenly Dao with death. He asked Heavenly Dao to add the names of the three heads of the Wu, Li, and Sheng families to the whitelist of users.

Regarding this request, the remaining Lords Heavenly Dao in Heaven felt deeply helpless.

Power Heavenly Dao sweated on his forehead: "You should know. We do not have the right to decide the whitelist... All whitelist users are automatically entered after being filtered according to Dao Ancestor's conditions..."

"I don't care. Anyway, you have to find a way." The gray mist creature continued to threaten with its claws.

"Then just kill me." The strength of Heavenly Dao resisted.

"???" The creatures in the gray mist were a little confused now. They don't know why.

He felt that something was wrong with Heavenly Dao today. He was not as afraid of himself as he was when he came here in the past.

"Are you sure you want to talk to me so forcefully?" The gray mist creature sneered.

As a result, Heavenly Dao stared at him with neither humility nor condescension: "Give up! You stupid groundhog!"

"What did you call me???"

The creatures in the gray mist were shocked.

He has been hiding in the gray fog for so long!

Why would anyone know what he looks like!

Ahhhh!

--What the hell is going on!

The creatures in the gray mist roared in their hearts.





Chapter 1311 Lord Gray Mist


Buried in the soil has always been a big worry.

That is, not only does his name sound very tacky, but his appearance also looks exactly like a prairie dog.

This resulted in Tu Limi always having a very low self-esteem.

It wasn't until he learned to use the power of chaos in his body to merge with the gray mist in the air to hide his true body that he regained his confidence bit by bit.

That's right. Buried in the soil.

It is the real name that the gray mist creatures hate so much.

Now, he has changed his name to: Gray Mist Lord.

Dao Ancestor Wang gave him three names casually at the beginning. It was relatively good to bury him in the ground.

Originally, Dao Ancestor planned to call him Tu Jian Buri, or Tu Li Jian Zi... but the gray mist creature resolutely refused.

He thinks his name should be more domineering!

However, Dao Ancestor doesn't seem to think so.

After Dao Ancestor Wang gave birth to him, he was only favored by Dao Ancestor Wang.

He originally thought that he was a fighting beast.

But Dao Ancestor Wang seems to just regard him as a mascot for fun when he is bored.

They even launched a series of "pig raising" plans against him at one time!

When he was first born, he weighed less than 10 pounds.

With the efforts of Dao Ancestor Wang, he was raised to five tons alive.

Therefore, the gray mist creatures had another alias from that time: tons tons tons tons tons...

Just ask!

Is there any more miserable beast in this world than him?

As a mythical beast whose appearance is 99.99% similar to that of a prairie dog, the prairie dog feels extremely painful.

And all of this changed after Dao Ancestor Wang entered reincarnation.

Using the gray fog to hide his identity, Woodchuck began the path of establishing a fierce persona for himself.

He is not willing to be an ordinary "groundhog" anymore!

So. He changed his name and started to become a mysterious creature hidden in the gray mist..."Gray Mist Lord!"

For thousands of years, the prairie dog has worked hard to subvert his pet persona and shape himself into a mysterious and ferocious creature wrapped in gray mist.

He made a big fuss in Heaven. He even harassed the Gods Abandoned Land several times. He left a deep impression on the Cat in the Abandoned Land and all the Heavenly Dao.

And after the Heavenly Dao Golden Men passed through constant changes, the "mystery" he created became more and more outrageous, and the description of him became more and more terrifying.

He didn't know how many years have passed. The groundhog...oh no. It's Mr. Gray Mist!

He finally changed his appearance and got rid of his identity as a pet beast!

Now the powerful Heavenly Dao revealed his true face. This made him unable to accept it no matter what!

"Who is it! Who revealed his true appearance!" Lord Gray Mist was furious.

He has murderous intentions in his heart. He wants to destroy all the Heavenly DaoGolden Men here who know his true appearance!

However, at the critical moment, Mr. Gray Mist still remained calm.

He had endured it for so many years. He finally changed his face and hid his ugly appearance as a prairie dog... He endured it for a while longer. From these Heavenly Dao's mouths, he found out who was the culprit behind revealing his identity. It's not too late.

"Haha. It's because I'm too violent. It's really disgraceful."

Thinking of this, Mr. Gray Mist withdrew the claws on Heavenly Dao's neck. At the same time, the density of the gray mist became thicker.

He's putting pressure on Heavenly Dao around here.

"Let's do it. We can discuss the whitelist of the three heads of the God's Domain."

At this time, Mr. Gray Mist, who was hidden under the mysterious gray mist, smiled slightly: "I just need you to tell me, who is supporting you? If I know the answer today, I will give up. Otherwise, I will let you know today. There is no peace in heaven."

As soon as he finished speaking, several of the main hosts, Heavenly Dao, felt speechless.

Who is behind this? Isn't it obvious...

You are a mythical beast beside Dao Ancestor Wang.

Don't have any AC numbers?

You yourself go to the Land Abandoned by the Gods and fish out the heads of the three God's Domain families...

Logically speaking, it is impossible not to know the existence of Wang Ling!

Of course. Power Heavenly Dao then thought about it and suddenly understood.

Because of the existence of the "Great Shielding Technique." In fact, the six Dao Gods who were crushed to death still don't know Ling Zhenren's true identity...

And the most important thing is that these six people died too quickly!

Lord Gray Mist actually didn't see how these six people died!

"It seems that this groundhog still doesn't know the truth of the matter."

In the mental space. Power Heavenly Dao couldn't help laughing at this time: "And this girl has a criminal record..."

"He just wants to cause trouble." Space Heavenly Dao couldn't laugh or cry.

In the past, prairie dogs actually had the behavior of forcibly going to the land abandoned by God to "protect people", and then taking the little brother they saved to cause trouble everywhere.

He relied on his own strength and thought he could disrupt the land abandoned by God.

Let Heavenly Dao obey his orders obediently.

Therefore, he developed a arrogant personality.

To the prairie dog, it doesn't matter how these people ended up in the Forsaken Land.

Because as the "boss", he has the ability to fish out everyone who goes in.

Only this time. The Marmot didn't expect that the luxury Titanic cruise ship he was driving... was about to hit a big iceberg!

"How is it? Everyone? Do you want to say something?" Power Heavenly Dao was actually still hesitating.

"This is a good opportunity." Time Heavenly Dao laughed at this time, Ling Zhenren is actually waiting for us to sell him out ...... As far as I know, that Qingtong cat in the Abandoned Land just made a deal with Ling Zhenren, only that Ling Zhenren doesn't have a reason to make a move right now."

"you mean?"

"Just talking is not enough. You have to anger this groundhog and make him cause trouble. Only then will Ling Zhenren have a reason to deal with him."

"Understood."

In the spiritual space, several themes are combined into one Heavenly Dao.

So, their plan on how to deal with the "groundhog" in front of them suddenly became clear in their minds.

"Lord Gray Mist, please calm down. It's not that we don't want to say it. It's just that if we say it, I'm afraid...hey..." Power Heavenly Dao said with a sad tone.

"What are you afraid of?"

The groundhog wondered.

"That senior is difficult to deal with..." Power Heavenly Dao said.

Of course. This is said intentionally.

Their current purpose is to incite this prairie dog to actively fight Wang Ling.

"Eh? In this world, apart from the monk on Earth, who is also worth mentioning. He can compete with me. Who else can be my opponent? Of course! If it weren't for the restriction left by Dao Ancestor on Earth. Let my strength be reduced. The monk went to other places and let me meet him... He will also die!"

The groundhog was very unconvinced. He put his hand on his waist and said, "Tell me! Who is this person? I will destroy him!"

"Senior, can you destroy him? That will really be a great thing for my heaven. I believe Dao Ancestor will be pleased to hear it!" Power Heavenly Dao said.

"Just kill one person. If you are a real master, I will kill each one for free!" The prairie dog sneered. His paws could not wait to kill the person that Power Heavenly Dao said.

How dare you reveal his identity...

He wants to dig out this man's eyes! Take out his heart!

Then he would trap this person in his black mist forever and ever, and become his Gray Mist Lord's slave!

Wang Ling: "?"





Chapter 1312 Wang Nuan's self-defense mechanism


This is a typical murder caused by low self-esteem.

In this age where faces are valued, even mythical beasts may feel inferior, let alone human cultivators.

According to scientific data statistics in the cultivation world, if the longevity is the same, the income of a good-looking person in his lifetime will be 18% more than that of an average-looking person...

Mr. Gray Mist has been maintaining his brutal persona for many years. But he didn't expect that he would be exposed by King's Eyes all of a sudden. His persona would completely collapse.

Oh!

I will not avenge this!

He swore not to be a beast!

In the gray fog, the groundhog made a voice: "I still need your help in this matter. I need you to lead him out of the earth."

He has already thought of ways to torture Wang Ling...

But if he chooses to do it on Earth, the restrictions left by Dao Ancestor will have a certain impact on his strength.

So the groundhog decided to fight somewhere other than Earth.

Only in this way can his strength be fully highlighted.

"Senior is joking. We don't have any ability to seduce the one on the earth...Senior is very capable. As long as we launch an attack in the direction of the earth, I believe that the one on the earth will respond quickly." Power Heavenly Dao said.

"so it is."

Mr. Gray Mist nodded.

And he was inspired by the words of the powerful Heavenly Dao.

It's all because of the restrictions set by Dao Ancestor on this earth. Therefore, he has been unable to use his fists on earth.

Then if he just wipes out the entire earth, wouldn't this problem disappear?

At this moment, the groundhog was overjoyed.

He regretted that he had not thought of this method earlier!

As long as the earth disappears!

Then the last place in the universe that could limit his strength would completely disappear.

Then he can really do whatever he wants!

"I'll do it now!" the groundhog became excited.

His figure quickly escaped and disappeared into the gray mist.

The gray mist penetrated into space and formed a torrent, which quickly brought him to the moon and looked far away from the earth.

Then, he raised his claws and condensed the power of chaos from the gray mist.

The traces of chaotic power condensed into a purple and black ball from the tip of his claws.

But it's only the size of an egg.

But it hides amazing power.

When this chaotic sphere condensed, large chunks of the ground on the moon's surface collapsed. The explosive pressure of the chaotic sphere made the ground where the groundhog stood deeply dented!

Boom!

A deep pit with a radius exceeding a thousand miles was instantly formed!

Moon.

This is the best sniping position. It is also the best turret for launching Chaos Sphere!

Because of the existence of the moon. This provides huge recoil support for the prairie dog!

This magic ball is not the entire power of Lord Gray Mist. The concentration of the power of chaos in his body is 35%, which is 30% higher than that of ordinary divine beasts.

And this is also the main reason why prairie dogs have always done whatever they want and are arrogant.

The Chaos Sphere in his hand now has only condensed 5% of its power. But if it were launched, it would reach the core of the earth and detonate the earth. It would be enough.

"Farewell. Earth."

The groundhog sneered.

He stretched out his hand a little! There was another huge roar!

At the tip of the claw, an egg-sized chaos sphere was released instantly!

The huge recoil caused the moon under the groundhog's feet to move backward several hundred meters.

The earth is going to disappear.

Once the forbidden area that can finally control him disappears, no one can control him anymore!

The groundhog stood on the moon, admiring his masterpiece from a distance.

After being launched, the chaos sphere is heading towards the earth at the speed of light!

--Art is explosion!

I can witness the destruction of this blue planet with my own eyes.

Such a picture must be beautiful!

If this move succeeds, only two people may survive on this land.

One is the monk.

And the other one... is the hateful guy who spied out his true identity!

Even if these two people are not dead.

He must have been seriously injured under the impact of the Chaos Sphere.

If we can take the opportunity to get rid of these two people...hehehehe...no one in this universe can restrict him anymore!

However, what Mr. Gray Mist didn't expect was...

At the moment when the chaos sphere is about to approach the earth.

A terrible accident happened suddenly!

"What's going on?" The groundhog felt strange.

Because he felt an inexplicable and huge pressure suddenly surged on him!

And soon, he realized where this something strange was coming from.

"Shadow?" The groundhog was shocked!

He was surprised to find that the huge shadow on the back of the moon, for some unknown reason, suddenly seemed to be endowed with a huge spiritual force and gathered towards his feet!

These shadows flowed from the back of the moon to his feet like a tide. Then they continued to gather, forming a powerful quagmire! Catch him firmly!

Then it flooded his body!

"Shadow binding?" Faced with such an unexpected situation, the groundhog was horrified.

Not to mention the ordinary shadow binding technique. Even Heavenly Dao's big shadow technique does not have such ability!

He could actually mobilize the entire shadow on the back of the moon to bind him in a brief moment!

These shadows crawled towards his feet, then wrapped around his claws, forcibly controlling him to interrupt the "Chaos Sphere" that was about to detonate the earth!

"There is a ghost here!" The groundhog was frightened.

This is the first time he has encountered such a situation.

"Is this also a kind of Dao-level power? It exists side by side with Heavenly Dao?" Soon, he thought of a possibility.

Only this explanation can explain why there is an ability that can instantly mobilize the power of the entire shadow on the back of the moon.

At this time, the prairie dog opened his gray mist!

Such an unexpected situation caught him by surprise. However, it would still be a bit of a fantasy to restrain him.

Although it is not easy to break free from the shackles of the shadow, it is mainly because it is the first time for the prairie dog to encounter this kind of power. It is caused by the unfamiliarity.

Quickly, he manipulated the gray fog around him to shred the shadows wrapped around his feet and body. He got rid of the restraints and quickly left the moon.

And the moment he was far away.

These shadows that surged up from the back of the moon instantly ebbed and returned to their original positions.

Although this is the first time I have come into contact with such great power.

But now the prairie dog can be sure intuitively.

This great power comes from the earth.

"Besides the monk and the screen-peeping dog, are there any other masters?"

The groundhog stared in the direction of the earth. He felt interesting in his heart.

...

"That's my sister."

But at this moment, a cold voice sounded from the groundhog's soul.

A young man appeared from behind him.

Wearing a red and white casual sportswear, he was staring at him with one hand in his trouser pocket.

In fact, the moment the prairie dog's chaos sphere was launched.

Wang Ling is already planning to take action.

However, what Wang Ling did not expect was.

He didn't know if it's because I feel that the earth is under threat.

This actually activated Wang Nuan's self-defense mechanism!

This girl is clearly still in her belly. She can actually control the shadow on the far side of the moon.

Then forcefully use shadow to control the groundhog to interrupt the Chaos Sphere.

She is indeed his sister!

Ah Nuan is awesome!





Chapter 1313 Father Wang also wants to get pregnant


The Wang family's small villa. Mother Wang, who was knitting a sweater, suddenly felt a stomachache.

Mother Wang put down her tools and grabbed Father Wang's hand: "It suddenly hurts..."

"You're not going to give birth, are you?"

Father Wang was nervous for a while. He saw Mother Wang sweating on his forehead in pain. He felt distressed and said, "Let's go to the hospital!"

But soon. Mother Wang shook her head: "No need."

The pain came and went quickly. Mother Wang has already recovered. And the amniotic fluid hasn't broken yet... Generally speaking, it's not serious.

I usually experience sudden labor pains like this. But this time, it seemed to be particularly painful.

"Ah Nuan must be naughty again." Father Wang touched Mother Wang's belly. He couldn't help laughing and said, "Ah Nuan, you have to be more obedient. You are so naughty. Mom can't bear it."

"I think Ah Nuan must be like this because of something important." Mother Wang said with a smile.

With a loving expression on his face: "And I found that every time I feel pain, my body becomes better. Have you noticed? I feel a lot stronger recently, and the fine lines on my face are reduced!"

"I am much stronger..." Father Wang was stunned.

Can this pregnancy also have an awakening effect?

Father Wang thought this was a bit "weird"...but he quickly reacted.

"No way..." Father Wang muttered silently.

"What can't you do?" Mother Wang asked.

"Dear, wait for me!"

Father Wang immediately ran back to the study on the second floor. He took out a device that looked like a blood pressure machine. Then he put a strap on Mother Wang's head.

"This is?"

"The realm tester...all realms below the Nascent Soul stage can be tested with this device." Father Wang said.

As a Muggle couple who have been in the physical training period all year round, Father Wang has actually thought about when to enter the path of cultivation. So he looks forward to his "awakening" every day.

What needs special emphasis here is.

What Father Wang hopes is that he can awaken.

Instead of relying on the power of Wang Ling.

Soon. The results of the realm tester will be out.

Father Wang stared at the results displayed on the dashboard and gasped.

"What happened?" Mother Wang was confused.

"Damn it...you have a Foundation Building!" Father Wang was completely shocked.

"I...I have a Foundation Building?" Mother Wang was also shocked.

Their spiritual roots are so useless. They can actually do this...

"No wonder I said. My health is getting better and better recently."

Mother Wang touched her belly. She didn't know whether to laugh or cry: "But it wasn't like this when I was pregnant."

"Daughters and sons are different. The son is Huaxiu Construction Bank. The daughter is Huaxiu Merchants Bank... This will bring the aura of heaven and earth to you. It will give you a Foundation Building."

Father Wang stared at the dashboard. He felt envious.

After a while, he looked at Mother Wang seriously: "Tell me, can I have one too?"

Mother Wang: "..."

...

In space. The location near the moon. Wang Ling is face to face with Mr. Gray Fog.

To be honest, Gray Mist Lord's body is smaller than Wang Ling imagined. However, the density of the body is really amazing.

Small body. Has huge weight.

And it's obviously no longer the five-ton level.

It has been a long time since Dao Ancestor Wang fed him. Although the prairie dog said he hated being treated as a pet, under the various delicacies fed by Dao Ancestor Wang, his body had already been transformed into a completely different animal. foodie.

In addition to causing trouble in various places over the years.

What prairie dogs do most is eat and eat.

As a result, I now have an alarming weight. (Just like you who have been gaining weight at home during the epidemic)

"Your eyes are very interesting. They can actually see through my chaotic gray fog." At this time, Mr. Gray Fog stared at Wang Ling. He was admiring Wang Ling's pair of King's Eyes.

red eyes.

When the power is operating, the entire pupil will be rendered golden and turn into lotus petals that spread out.

Now Wang Ling has only unlocked less than 5% of its power. But it has already made Lord Gray Mist feel a strange sense of oppression.

You know. Even the "Swastika" by monk Jin Deng.

He doesn't mean anything.

There are really not many people who can put pressure on him with their eyes. Apart from Dao Ancestor Wang.

"I can clearly sense that you are definitely not the reincarnation of Lord Dao Ancestor...Who exactly are you?" The prairie dog stared at Wang Ling. He became curious about Wang Ling's identity.

As for these lines, Wang Ling's ears have already become calloused.

Why does everyone have to ask who he is before fighting him? Where he comes from? Who is he...

He doesn't even know who he is!

Forget it. Let's resolve the battle in front of us as soon as possible...

Wang Ling estimates that the Cat in the Abandoned Land is probably watching this battle now.

Cat in the Abandoned Land is already impatient about teaching a prairie dog a lesson.

So he must complete the agreement with Cat in the Abandoned Land as soon as possible.

In this way, Sun Rong will have another layer of protection.

Buzz!

There was a muffled sound.

In the universe, Wang Ling's entire person disappeared out of thin air!

"Shrunk to an inch..."

Lord Gray Fog reacted quickly. He immediately increased the concentration of chaotic gray fog to surround himself.

The Chaos Gray Fog Vestment formed by the Chaos Gray Fog is a natural damage reduction weapon. As long as the Chaos Gray Fog exists! He will be sure of the battle situation!

As long as he can use this ability flexibly, Mr. Gray Mist is even sure that he can fight without any injuries during the entire battle!

This is Wang Ling's palm without any modification.

There are no bells and whistles. Just a simple hand slash.

"Do you want to hurt me with such a normal attack?" Mr. Gray Mist sneered in his heart.

He hid in the chaotic gray fog and closed his eyes. He didn't care at all which direction Wang Ling would attack from. He was confident that he would not be hurt by Wang Ling.

But the next moment, a scream came.

It was a very standard prairie dog scream.

"Ahhhh!"

I saw Wang Ling hand slash passing through the chaotic gray mist accurately. It landed accurately on the spine of Mr. Gray Mist.

Just for a moment. The whole prairie dog was like a meteor falling from the sky. It hit the surface of the moon, leaving a deep crater...

"Can actually penetrate the gray mist of chaos..."

The groundhog spit out a small mouthful of blood and crawled out of the pit.

Another blow didn't kill you...

Wang Ling raised his eyebrows.

However, this is within Wang Ling's expectation.

After all, this is the sacred beast raised by Dao Ancestor Wang. If it were destroyed by him with just one blow, how shameless would Dao Ancestor Wang be?

And most importantly, the Groundhog thought he was injured because Wang Ling's hand slash had pierced through his "Chaos Gray Mist."

But in fact. Wang Ling is not broken.

The chaotic gray mist around Mr. Gray Mist has indeed played the role of "damage reduction."

And the reason why he is injured now is that there is no other fancy reason.

It was only because of Wang Ling's hand slash.

The damage is too high.

"I have to be serious, human being!" At this time, Mr. Gray Mist crawled out of the pit and wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth.

He increased the concentration of the chaotic gray mist again.

At the same time, he extended his claws to Wang Ling that he claimed could crush everything!

Boom!

The groundhog stepped hard and was suddenly launched from the surface of the moon!

Result. Three seconds later...

Another standard prairie dog scream came: "Ahhhh!"

Just beside the deep pit that was just formed. There is a second deep pit...

"Not dead yet..."

At this time. Wang Ling stared at the two deep craters on the moon's surface. Smoke emanated from his palms.

This groundhog.

Strong but not strong.

The blood is really thick...





Chapter 1314 Rat crossing the street


It can only be said that Mr. Gray Mist's chaotic gray mist is indeed very powerful.

If we use more intuitive data to reflect it. Although Wang Ling's one-hit hand knife can cause explosive damage output, as long as the chaotic gray mist is there, Gray Mist Lord can reduce the damage by up to 75%.

And this is also the main reason why Mr. Gray Mist was able to stand up again after being beaten twice by Wang Ling.

He was injured, but not seriously injured. And the injuries were far from fatal.

What surprised Wang Ling even more.

In addition to the effect of damage reduction, this chaotic gray mist even has the ability to self-heal. And this self-healing can ignore the "serious injury" effect.

The last person who was extremely confident in his "self-healing ability" was President Bai.

It's a pity that President Bai didn't take into account that every normal attack of Wang Ling has a "serious injury" effect.

So much so that after he was injured, he had no time to recover and returned to the west...

And now. Marmot has fully demonstrated the professionalism that a qualified human shield should possess.

He is not even afraid of serious injury!

Even if you are beaten to a low level of health, as long as the chaotic gray mist is there, you can come back to life!

He is indeed a difficult guy!

In the universe. Wang Ling stared at Mr. Gray Mist who crawled out of the second pit. He was also thinking about countermeasures in his heart.

If you want to kill this prairie dog, you must find a way to peel off this layer of chaotic gray mist.

However, judging from the current results, Wang Ling has not thought of a suitable solution.

Because this chaotic gray mist seems to have merged with the groundhog!

Became an inseparable existence!

"Because it has been hidden in the gray mist for too long, does the gray mist think of itself as an organ on this prairie dog?" Wang Ling speculated in his mind.

...

On the other side, Mr. Gray Mist climbed out of the second pit and was very depressed.

The second slap in the face came too suddenly.

He even suspected that he had picked up the wrong script.

As the number one beast under Dao Ancestor Wang, he has never encountered such a scene of unilaterally accepting a beating.

That monk Jin Deng has never gotten such a big deal from him!

Rumble, rumble...

On the surface of the moon, violent vibrations were heard.

Lord Gray Mist jumped up from the spot again. He pointed his sharp claws in the direction of Wang Ling.

"Are you coming again?"Wang Ling didn't believe that this groundhog would repeat his old tricks.

At such a distance, no matter how fast the groundhog is, he can immediately swat the groundhog back like a fly.

Seeing that there may be a third deep crater on the surface of the moon soon.

When Lord Gray Mist flew into the air, his sharp claws tore open a space. Then he turned his body into particles of light and quickly disappeared into the void!

Did it disappear midway?

No...

Wang Ling found out. This groundhog really wanted to get into his own mental space.

It's really an all-powerful claw.

Even the barrier to the spiritual space can be torn apart.

This is considered a mistake by Wang Ling.

He didn't expect that groundhogs had this ability.

This caused him to be careless for a while.

But what if it's in his mental space...

In Wang Ling's opinion, this prairie dog is looking for death.

...

The mental space of a normal cultivator is very small.

Needless to say, the spiritual space of a powerful person is wide.

Take the monk as an example.

The spiritual world of a monk is about the level of a solar system.

But Wang Ling's mental space...

After Mr. Gray Mist entered, I felt completely stupid.

Because he discovered that he had just escaped from a real universe and entered another spiritual universe...

wipe!

This is the spiritual space that humans have!

"Are you ready to die?" It was a cold voice. It sounded from the spiritual space universe of Wang Ling.

Sound seems to be the essence of the universe.

Layers upon layers, with terrible echoes like the death knell of the ancient times.

Coming from all directions.

The familiar figure of White Hair appears. It is formed by the gathering of countless light particles.

As always. It's like a god coming down to earth.

Wang Ying manifested his figure in front of Lord Gray Mist. His eyes showed domineering and arrogance.

"Are you...the shadow of this person?" Lord Gray Mist said with a gloomy expression.

He felt it.

The aura on this person's body is the same as that of the large shadow caused by the previous riot on the far side of the moon.

From the power of the same avenue.

The groundhog was surprised.

Although it was just a face-to-face encounter, he could feel that the shadow in front of him was extremely strong.

His figure is a mixture of reality and reality. It seems to be blended into this spiritual world made up of stars and sea. It is blurred and invisible.

Those cold obsidian eyes are sharp and sharp. Even without the blessing of King's Eyes, they can still bring a huge sense of shock.

Gray light flashes on the groundhog. The protective ability of the chaotic gray fog is once again improved!

Now, the chaotic gray mist has been added to the 50% damage reduction effect. It tightly wraps him up and down.

Marmot never thought that one day he would turn on Chaos Gray Fog to 50%.

Because there is only so much chaos power in his body.

50% of the chaotic gray fog. This means that most of the chaos power in his body is used in this chaotic gray fog.

The damage reduction effect has increased. But at the same time, his power damage will also be weakened due to the distribution of the power of chaos in the body.

"Relying on this layer of gray clothes, you can do whatever you want." Wang Ying's eyes became colder.

Under such a compelling gaze, the Gray Mist Monarch finally reached the end of his patience: "Don't be so arrogant! When I was conceived by the Dao Ancestor, you weren't even DNA enzymes!"

The groundhog took action. With the blessing of the gray mist, he stretched out his sharp claws and grabbed it with one claw!

The void ahead is twisted. There is an invisible chaotic wave spreading, trying to imprison Wang Ying in it.

At the same time, the gray mist lingering around him turned into wings at this moment, turning him into a flying groundhog!

The divine wings wave. One wave can shrink the earth to an inch!

Countless stars were swept into the storm. Then they were torn into powder by the strong wind.

The marmot flapped its wings and stretched out its claws, trying to tear Wang Ying's body apart.

Wang Ying didn't even bother to dodge.

When the claw hit his brain, it penetrated directly through his body.

No harm was done to him.

"What a stupid groundhog. He hit the shadow so hard." Wang Ying's eyes were cold.

He has seen through it all.

This chaotic gray fog is indeed the key.

And the chaotic gray mist itself is actually somewhat similar to him.

It is also a "nothing" thing. It has no entity.

Then, as long as he breaks the chaotic gray mist, this groundhog will be easy to deal with.

"You actually chose to come to the spiritual space of Wang Ling. You are really asking for your own death." At this time, Wang Ying had already thought of a way to break through the chaotic gray fog.

He stared at the frightened groundhog in front of him with a "kind look."





Chapter 1315 Brother and sister mixed doubles


The next moment.

Huge fluctuations emitted from Wang Ling's mental space!

Wang Ying decomposes his body into a black hole and devours it towards the prairie dog!

This is Shadow Tsunami!

But it was even bigger than the one Wang Ying launched last time against the intruding ethereal spirit.

Infinite darkness. Surrounded directly from every corner of the spiritual space.

Lord Gray Mist quickly waved his wings to retreat. He could sense the terrifying energy generated in the surrounding space.

In an instant, cold hairs all over his body stood up. Without even thinking about shaking the wings transformed from the chaotic gray mist, he fled into the distance.

The moment he escaped.

A terrifying shadow rope struck from a tricky angle. It hit his afterimage and erupted into terrifying energy fluctuations.

"Since you entered here, it is impossible for you to escape." Wang Ying looked calm, as if he was talking about an ordinary thing.

He manipulated countless shadows to track the past.

The moment they pounced on them, these shadows turned into a myriad of things, forming various shadow beasts.

Those shadow lions, shadow dragons, shadows?... rushed forward in an overwhelming manner. They flattened the space and shook the void in front of them to collapse...

Mr. Gray Mist never thought that one day he would become a street rat who was beaten wherever he went.

He looked up to the sky and screamed: "Ahhhh!"

With this authentic groundhog roar, he knew that he had no control over the situation in front of him. There was only one way to fight!

As the first divine beast under Dao Ancestor!

He didn't want to be so embarrassed. Let a shadow be so arrogant in front of him!

The woodchuck was alive in his heart. The next moment, the glow all over his body skyrocketed, raising the concentration of gray fog to a maximum of 75%!

With the strongest damage reduction shield, he headed towards Wang Ying desperately!

"Bury me here." Wang Ying stretched out his hand and controlled the huge wave of Shadow Tsunami to engulf the incoming Gray Mist Lord.

Finally, he squeezed his hand sharply.

All the black shadows were instantly wrapped up and eventually compressed, forming a shadow ball the size of a basketball.

Mr. Gray Mist is trapped in the shadow ball and is bearing the impact of the shadow.

Every extra second you stay in the shadow ball is equivalent to taking damage from Wang Ling's palm.

Under normal circumstances, the moment it was wrapped, there should be no signs of life.

Because after all, few people in this world can withstand the power of Wang Ling's palm.

But what surprised Wang Ying was that the prairie dog was still alive.

"The chaotic gray mist is so powerful..." Wang Ying was slightly surprised.

Three seconds later, his shadow ball raised a corner.

Under circumstances visible to the naked eye.

This corner is getting higher and higher!

laugh!

Another second later.

The woodchuck successfully broke out from the shadow ball's confinement with a bruised face.

He was covered in blood. He was obviously seriously injured.

But this time.

He still survived...

Wang Ying was amazed in her heart.

This 75% damage reduction chaotic gray mist is truly terrifying.

This woodchuck was actually able to break out alive from the shadow ball formed by Shadow Tsunami.

Although he was beaten, his nose and face were bruised and swollen all over his body.

But being able to come out alive is already amazing.

"You trapped me here. What kind of skills do you have... If you have the skills, go out and fight!" Gray Mist Lord roared!

Wang Ying rubbed his ears.

It was obviously the prairie dog who came in on his own. In the end, the blame was placed on him and Wang Ling.

"This is a trick of the Guizhou donkey. It will be useless even if you go out." Wang Ying shook his head.

It's true that the groundhog is not dead.

But Wang Ying's goal has been achieved.

In the shadow ball, the prairie dog consumed most of the power of chaos in order to get out of trouble. As a result, the defensive power of the gray fog of chaos on his body was greatly weakened.

There is no longer a 75% reduction.

Even if this marmot tries his best, it can only produce a 20% reduction effect.

No matter it's Wang Ying or Wang Ling. As long as you hit him a little more seriously, this woodchuck will be wiped out in a flash.

The next moment. Wang Ying raised his hand.

He was ready to give the prairie dog the final blow.

"You wait for me!" Lord Gray Mist roared loudly.

He was afraid that Wang Ying would send Shadow Tsunami again.

So he once again used his claws to dig a tunnel and escaped from Wang Ling's mental space!

"Are you leaving now?"

Wang Ying laughed in her heart.

"Why don't you kill him?" Wang Ling asked.

He knows that Wang Ying has always been a decisive person.

So. The two had a simple exchange.

"Just a stupid prairie dog. I thought it might be useful to keep it."

"But I have promised Cat in the Abandoned Land."

"Don't worry. He won't die that easily."

"So that's it..." Wang Ling suddenly realized.

...

In the real universe, the groundhog successfully escaped.

He originally wanted to avoid a direct collision with Wang Ling. Instead, he sneaked into his mental space and directly destroyed the mental space.

Who knew... I had destroyed a lonely place...

There is a giant Buddha waiting for him in this spiritual space!

Such an embarrassing scene made Mr. Gray Mist feel a deep sense of helplessness.

He had no choice but to leave!

But what the groundhog didn't expect was...

Waiting for him.

It's Wang Ling's recognition that has been ready for a long time. Give it a serious slap!

"Have you finally given up?" Wang Ling's voice was cold.

The devilish voice made the prairie dog tremble all over.

Boom!

Wang Ling raised his hand. A palm fell on the groundhog's back. An unprecedented powerful wave was generated!

Without any unnecessary movements! Strike it with one palm! Heavenly Dao runes are all over the sky!

The space is shattered layer by layer. Carrying the destructive power of the Golden Men!

The groundhog was driven directly from the front side of the moon and penetrated into the shadow of the back side of the moon!

Wow!

Lord Gray Mist vomited blood and screamed in pain.

His face was distorted.

Everything is as Wang Ying said.

The chaotic gray mist on his body has become extremely weak after being surrounded by shadow balls!

I can no longer bear such surging palm power!

Wang Ling's palm.

It penetrated the groundhog's body from the front to the back of the moon. Under such astonishing destructive power, his whole body was shattered into debris.

Finally. Bang!

Lord Gray Mist's body decomposed. It exploded on the spot and turned into pieces!

"Finally dead."

Count the damage done in the mental space.

This prairie dog slapped me 7 times in total.

In Wang Ling's opinion, this is already an excellent result.

However, Wang Ling did not leave just yet.

Because of Wang Ying's words. I just reminded him.

The groundhog is the first sacred animal under Dao Ancestor Wang.

And since his strength exceeds that of Dao God, he must still have certain privileges.

And sure enough, everything was as expected.

Wang Ling saw the Gray Mist Lord who was originally shot to death on the back side of the moon.

His physical body actually gathered bit by bit at a speed visible to the naked eye.

The privilege of resurrection in the God-Forsaken Land. Marmot also has it.

And this should be a cost-free resurrection. No permission from Cat in the Abandoned Land is required.

From this point of view, it is conceivable that Dao Ancestor Wang loves the groundhog.

Cat in the Abandoned Land hates this prairie dog with all his heart. No matter how much cultivation this prairie dog sacrifices, it is impossible to let him go.

But Wang Ling judge.

This kind of costless resurrection has a limited number of times.

It is absolutely impossible to be resurrected an unlimited number of times.

"Hahaha! You didn't expect it. I'm back again!"

On the far side of the moon. The resurrected groundhog is extremely arrogant!

He was resurrected at full strength. Even the chaotic gray mist on his body returned to its original state!

He stared at Wang Ling. He stretched out his claws and shouted to the sky: "You screen-peeping dog. You want to kill me. It's not that easy!"

The words just fell!

The shadow on the far side of the moon is violently rioting again!

The terrifying shadows gathered into a whirlpool and tidal wave hovering at the groundhog's feet.

The terrifying power swallowed him like a bottomless black hole, engulfing his body along his feet!

"Ah Nuan..."

Wang Ling looked in the direction of the earth. Something touched her heart.

He already understood the meaning.

It was Wang Nuan who wanted to cooperate with him.

Let's have a mixed tag match between brother and sister.





Chapter 1316 Controlling Wang Nuan


Wang Ling didn't know why. A good prairie dog wants to die.

And he also surprisingly discovered that his unborn sister seemed to have the attribute of "brother controlling."

After all, Ah Nuan went berserk after hearing the marmot's cry.

At this moment, Wang Ling feels extremely melancholy.

The former brother controlled Wang Xiaoer. The latter brother controlled King Ah Nuan...

The DNA of their Old Wang family is truly amazing!

...

Able to launch a shadow riot on the far side of the moon from such a long distance.

Only the founder of Shadow can operate with such skill.

Although Wang Ling has learned Shadow, it is true that he is not as proficient as his sister.

After all, this is what Ah Nuan learned in the womb. And there are many new features that have not yet been released.

Wang Ling only learned a rough outline. It is far from reaching the essence.

Learning the Way and fully integrating the Way are two different things.

My sister is very strong!

This makes Wang Ling feel happy in his heart!

When Wang Nuan grows up, he may have no shortage of opponents to practice with!

The groundhog is still struggling.

His body was completely restrained by Shadow. He was tied to the back of the moon and could not move.

"You brothers and sisters are really useless..."

The word shameless hadn't been uttered yet. The woodchuck's mouth was immediately sealed by a shadow again!

"Ah Nuan controls well." Wang Ling gave high praise to Wang Nuan's operation.

Although his sister has not yet been born, she is obviously a natural fighting talent!

At this moment. Wang Ling felt the tacit understanding between them as brother and sister.

Ah Nuan is control.

He is the output!

It's so convenient to work together!

Now. This groundhog is resurrected at full status. Wang Ling knows that he will definitely not be able to deal with the opponent with an ordinary palm strike.

And now the chaotic gray mist on the opponent's body has returned to its peak.

Therefore, continuous blows are necessary to kill this prairie dog.

So consider all the circumstances.

Wang Ling begins to accumulate power.

Because the groundhog has been controlled by Wang Nuan. This provides Wang Ling with a lot of time.

Buzz!

About ten seconds later, a red light emerged from Wang Ling's palm and then covered the entire palm.

A god-destroying blow.

In order to ensure that this groundhog can be exterminated. Wang Ling showed such a palm technique for the first time.

This is the condensed power of Three Thousand Heavenly Dao!

When Wang Ling was condensing, the surrounding space was shattered with one blow. Countless thunders of divine punishment appeared and exploded crazily all around.

"Not good..." At this moment, the groundhog felt a real scalp numbness!

This palm is extremely powerful!

Even if he is protected by the chaotic gray mist, he may not be able to survive it!

You have to find a way to break free!

At this time, the prairie dog was racking his brains to think of a way to escape from the confinement of the shadow.

However, at this moment, he heard a faint cry coming from the universe.

Wang Ling is accumulating strength while looking for the source of the cry.

He began to think it was a prairie dog crying.

It turned out not to be.

Finally he found the owner of the voice. It turned out to be the spirit of the moon.

The moon spirit shed tears in pain. He was extremely frightened: "Ling Zhenren. On the surface, I have a lot of holes... I just suffered a penetrating wound. With your palm, this woodchuck is gone. I also It's gone!"

"..."

Wang Ling was slightly startled when he heard this.

This is considered a mistake on his part.

He has forgotten that there is such a thing as a planet spirit...

So. Wang Ling raised his left hand again and pointed in the direction of the moon.

The entire moon lit up with a "buzz" sound. Suddenly it turned into a huge red moon!

Moon Spirit: "Ling Zhenren this is?"

This is "permanent enlightenment."

Wang Ling used this move to strengthen the moon. It turned into a "super moon!"

Considering that we may have to drag some difficult enemies out of the earth to fight in the future. Wang Ling feels that the surface of the moon seems to be quite suitable!

So he used permanent enlightenment on the moon!

Let the surface of the moon become solid. It will not be easily destroyed by the power of your own palm...

Of course.

Bad. It may still be broken!

But since it has been enlightened.

Then when you clean up the battlefield, just repair it.

Although it has been "strengthened" by Wang Ling.

However, the moon spirit stared at Wang Ling. Still feeling frightened.

Boom!

Wang Ling's palm "God-Destroying Blow" accurately hit the back of the moon!

Before the groundhog could scream, the moon spirit was already screaming.

Lord Gray Mist was furious: "Why are you yelling so loudly?"

Moon Spirit: "Hit me. Even if I don't break, it still hurts!"

The huge palm print, covering tens of thousands of hectares! Even the palm prints on the palm were infinitely magnified in an instant. The overwhelming destructive power was directed towards the back of the moon!

Groundhog. Once again shot to pieces...

Under Wang Nuan's powerful control, he simply couldn't break free!

...

And at the same time. Buddha Golden Lotus.

The girl saw this unprecedented battle near the moon through the Office of Strategic Deception's satellite.

"Classmate Wang Ling is still very good." Sun Rong was surprised.

Although I can't understand the atmosphere of the scene, but just from the picture analysis, it is obvious that the prairie dog is not an easy enemy to deal with.

"I heard that this groundhog is a mythical beast. It is stronger than any cultivator on earth except Master." Zhuo Yi said.

"Where's Senior Jin Deng?" Sun Rong asked.

"It's said to be a tie."

Zhuo Yi said with a smile: "However, as long as we wait for Master's sister to be born, I'm afraid there will be one more person on earth who cannot be defeated by this groundhog."

"I heard about it before. My classmate Wang Ling's sister!" Sun Rong said with a smile: "I also have a sister! But in fact, my sister is not a relative. Only she herself doesn't know. I've been thinking about whether I should tell her the truth."

"No matter if they are close or not, as long as the relationship is good enough, they are still good sisters. Sun Rong, the school girl, is so smart. She will definitely find a good way to deal with it." Wen Yan. Zhuo Yi said.

"Yes. I will."

Sun Rong nodded. Then she suddenly asked: "Ah, by the way, Senior Zhuo! What do you think Sister Wang Nuan will like?"

Zhuo Yi thought for a moment and quickly raised his head: "Quick-frozen dumplings?"

"Quick frozen dumplings?"

I am very surprised by this answer. Sun Rong.

"Are you sure they're not quick-frozen dumplings with crispy dough fillings?"

"Sure. It's just ordinary quick-frozen dumplings..."

Zhuo Yi couldn't help but laugh: "What do girls like? Sun Rong's schoolmates should know better than me."

"No!"

Sun Rong shook his head firmly: "The DNA of the Old Wang family is so amazing. I really can't figure it out..."

Zhuo Yi: "..."

At this time. Zhuo Yi smiled evilly in his heart.

There is a saying: What kind of bicycle do you want?

He felt.

Sun RongSchool girl can send herself there...





Chapter 1317: Groundhog's Survival on Earth


Sending the groundhog back to the west again.

Wang Ling stared at the huge palm print on the moon's surface. The expression on his face was a little embarrassed.

Although the moon has been "strengthened" by him, the destructive power of the God-Destroying Blow is extremely huge. It still severely damaged the surface.

The groundhog is dead.

And Moon Spirit himself was slapped by Wang Ling. He felt very wronged: "Uuuuu Ling Zhenren. Can you fix me..."

Wang Ling nodded firmly.

Originally, the surface of the moon was bumpy and bumpy. Now after the destruction of the war, it looks even more uneven and miserable.

There is no other way.

Wang Ling raised his hand. Ready to start casting the Heavenly Dao spell on the moon's surface to repair it.

But the Moon Spirit always had an ominous premonition: "Wait! Ling Zhenren! Which Heavenly Dao spell... are you using?"

Which one?

Of course it's "major repair" combined with the legendary "macrodermabrasion!"

First, use a major repair technique to maintain the entire surface. Then use microdermabrasion to remove the bumpy parts of the moon's surface.

However, the principle of microdermabrasion is a bit like peeling an apple. It will be peeled until the surface of the moon becomes smooth.

After hearing this, Moon Spirit's whole body felt bad: "Don't... Ling Zhenren, you can just fill in the deep holes on the surface. Grind the skin. I don't think it's necessary..."

Is it really unnecessary?

Wang Ling Confirm.

"No!" Moon Spirit said firmly.

Wang Ling showed a faint look of disappointment on his face.

Only then did he discover to his surprise.

The "Sister Moon" mentioned in the storybooks when I was a kid were all lies!

This Moon Spirit is a serious "straight man!"

Only straight men don't care about their bumpy faces!

Then. Wang Ling's fingertips lit up with a light.

The light of the "Great Restoration Technique" shone down, making the surface of the moon, the palm prints, and the deep pits caused in the previous battle all restored to their original appearance.

"It's so cool! What kind of spell is this! It's so cool!" The moon spirit monster, shrouded in the light of the great repair spell, shouted.

It was halfway through repair. Wang Ling suddenly looked shocked.

He felt that he would not notice anything wrong.

This is indeed the smell of that prairie dog...

"Can you actually be resurrected without any cost?"Wang Ling feels incredible.

But this time the groundhog seemed to take a little longer.

And the location of resurrection is not the location where he died before.

It's the direction of the earth!

Wang Ling quickly turned his gaze away.

This groundhog actually went to earth?

But isn't there a restriction left by Dao Ancestor on this earth...

Wang Ling was confused.

He didn't know what the groundhog wanted to do.

But in this case, it would actually be more difficult for him to handle.

Because it is impossible for him to directly touch the earth like he did to the moon spirit.

And the most important thing is that if you want to kill the groundhog accurately, you must increase the damage to the level of "God-Destroying Blow."

It's okay for him to take pictures of the moon. If he takes pictures of the earth... I'm afraid a group of innocent cultivators will suffer.

We must find a way to move this difficult prairie dog to another place!

No time to think too much.

Wang Ling's body flashed. The whole person disappeared in front of the moon spirit.

The moon spirit feels wronged.

He's not done enjoying it yet!

"This damn groundhog...don't let me get the chance to take revenge!" Moon Spirit said angrily to himself.

Being interrupted in the process of enjoying yourself. This feeling of discomfort and anger. Only the person involved can understand it!

...

At this time, Gray Mist appeared on the earth in full state.

This is indeed a last resort move.

He didn't want to be controlled as soon as he was resurrected. Then he would be beaten violently and sent directly to the land abandoned by the gods...

The full-status resurrection permission left to him by Dao Ancestor is indeed not unlimited.

And there are not many times left in his hands.

Although there are restrictions left by Dao Ancestor on Earth, they will limit most of his strength.

But it is precisely because of the existence of this restriction that Heavenly Dao cannot track his location as long as he is on the earth.

This prohibition is a double-edged sword.

When he appears on Earth, he can produce a resonance reaction like a Heavenly Dao signal jammer.

So he hid on earth. Although it would limit his strength.

But the earth is actually a good place to hide.

In short. That scary boy from Earth.

Use the normal method to fight. It will definitely be defeated.

The damage is too high.

Not even his chaotic gray mist can withstand it.

Therefore, the extremely clever Gray Mist Lord came up with a plan.

Although he can't kill Wang Ling.

But if we can find the life gate of Wang Ling...

For example, threaten him by taking away his important things!

Then let this screen-peeping dog commit suicide in front of him!

Then you can also win!

This method may be a little more sinister.

But there is a saying that a soldier never tires of deceit!

As for the goal, Mr. Gray Mist has already thought about it.

When fighting in space before.

Mr. Gray Mist has actually been noticing that there is a secret satellite coming from the direction of the earth that is remotely observing the contest between him and Wang Ling.

You don't need to think about it to know that the girl who spied on them through the satellite must be a very important person.

At that time, Mr. Gray Mist had already explored the spiritual consciousness.

And at this moment.

He is already in the Office of Strategic Deception.

Because of the speed, almost no one noticed his existence.

The groundhog quickly locked the location of Sun Rong.

"Hey. Is it actually underground?" After confirming the location, he was overjoyed.

This underground place is his home ground!

...

Located in the underground retreat cellar of the Office of Strategic Deception.

The girl is thinking seriously about "bribery!"

She does have her own experience with bribing her sister.

When I was a child, I wanted to build a relationship with Sun Yu.

Sun Rong often gives gifts to his sister.

But most of the things girls like are different.

Generally speaking, in a family.

No matter they are brothers, sisters or siblings, they can all find commonalities in the things they like.

"Sun Rong The school girl seems to rarely show such a sad expression."

Zhuo Yi saw the girl thinking hard about what gift to give. I couldn't help laughing in my heart.

"First impression is important!"

Sun Rong said with a serious expression: "But there's no rush. After I'm resurrected, I'll have a long time to go on field trips!"

This set of rules for improving favorability.

Except for the fact that she failed to succeed with Wang Ling many times, she is still very confident in others!

Just do a little research. You can always know what sister Wang Nuan likes!

"You don't have any doubt. What if master really can't save you?" Zhuo Yi asked curiously.

"no."

The girl smiled slightly and answered without hesitation.

From the moment I clearly sensed the true strength of Wang Ling.

Sun Rong already knew it in his heart.

In this world, maybe there really is nothing that classmate Wang Ling cannot achieve!

The only person who can save her is classmate Wang Ling!

But at this moment.

Zhuo Yi suddenly felt something strange coming from above his head: "Senior Death Heavenly Dao. Something seems to be wrong?"

"Eh? Is there any?"

Because "Heavenly Dao Signal Jammer" was created.

Death Heavenly Dao is simply unpredictable. The danger has arrived.

It's just the blink of an eye!

A sharp claw has pierced the ceiling.

Then, the figure quickly jumped out of the pothole, picked up the Buddha Golden Lotus and ran away!





Chapter 1318 Heavenly Dao signal shielding


Lord Gray Mist is extremely fast.

Digging the ground has always been his specialty.

His claws can even break through the barriers of spiritual space. Not to mention this mere soil?

Taking the Buddha Golden Lotus with him, Mr. Gray Mist evacuated at high speed.

He quickly dug a tunnel and escaped to a place called the top of the sky in an instant.

Then he pointed his claws into the void.

That trace of chaotic power surged out from the tip of the claw, distorting time and space. It quickly broke through the space wall!

Take the Buddha Golden Lotus and dive in in one step!

...

"This is..."

The thing happened too suddenly. Lord Gray Mist, who suddenly broke into the underground retreat cellar, quickly disappeared on the spot with the Buddha Golden Lotus. Zhuo Yi and Death Heavenly Dao did not have time to react.

"This is the groundhog Ling Zhenren dealt with..." Death Heavenly Dao frowned.

"Senior, it seems like you didn't notice anything unusual?"

"It can't be wrong. It must be his appearance that resonates with the restrictions on the earth, giving rise to the Heavenly Dao signal shielding." Death Heavenly Dao did not expect that such a thing would happen to him.

In fact, it wasn't just him. Even Crispy Noodles Dao Lord didn't react.

The "real clone" is also transformed by Heavenly Dao's spell.

"It's so cunning. He actually used the restriction left by Dao Ancestor in reverse." Heavenly Dao secretly blamed himself.

At this time. Wang Ling appeared here.

Because of "Heavenly Dao signal shielding."

The breath of the prairie dog soon disappeared from the earth.

After all, the tracking of Wang Ling was a step too late.

When the opponent's Heavenly Dao signal is blocked, it is no longer realistic to use the Heavenly Dao spell to track.

Even the monk's Buddha Golden Lotus was transformed by Heavenly Dao.

Therefore, the possibility of asking a monk to locate the location of Buddha's Golden Lotus is slim.

Wang Ling frowned.

He must think of other ways to find Sun Rong as soon as possible.

"Master. What should we do now?" Zhuo Yi was very anxious.

It is his duty to protect the girl.

But I didn't expect that this cunning groundhog would take advantage of a loophole!

Wang Ling's eyes were fixed on the position where Sun Rong disappeared. He carefully observed the two potholes that appeared on the cellar and poured his own strength into them.

Line of sight. Quickly shuttle along the passage...

But this groundhog is very cunning.

During the escape process, he used the power of space movement many times to shuttle during the escape process.

As a result, these tunnels became a maze-like mess.

Everything Wang Ling could see was empty.

Neither the prairie dog nor the Golden Lotus could be traced. There was no trace.

However, it's not like there aren't any clues.

In the many passages excavated by Lord Gray Mist, Wang Ling discovered the afterimage of the Buddha's Golden Lotus!

"Is it the clue left by Ah Nuan?"

Wang Ling understood immediately.

In the blink of an eye, the groundhog swept away the Buddha's Golden Lotus and fled quickly.

Wang Nuan used the power of his Shadow to capture the shadow of Buddha Golden Lotus!

If I hadn't learned Shadow long ago, I would never have been so sensitive to an afterimage.

Ah Nuan. Another great achievement!

Mr. Gray Mist thought he was taking advantage of the restriction left by Dao Ancestor and triggered the Heavenly Dao signal blocking mechanism, making Wang Ling unable to track him.

But this groundhog never expected it.

The great power he has mastered.

There is more than one Heavenly Dao...

...

After the space jump, Mr. Gray Mist landed. His position was still at the top of the sky.

But the girl felt that the space they were in now was different from before.

"What have you done?" asked Buddha Sun Rong in the Golden Lotus.

To be honest, the aura emanating from this prairie dog made her feel a sense of complete oppression.

If it weren't for the Buddha's Golden Lotus body protection, Sun Rong felt that it would be difficult for him to withstand such pressure.

"Your tone is neither humble nor arrogant. Aren't you afraid at all?"

Mr. Gray Mist held the Buddha's Golden Lotus in his paws and sneered.

"There's nothing to be afraid of."

Sun Rong said: "I believe. Classmate Wang Ling will come to save me."

"There's no way he's going to find you."

Mr. Gray Mist clicked his tongue. He shook his head at the girl: "It seems that you haven't realized the seriousness of the problem yet."

"What do you want to say, senior?" Sun Rong asked politely, frowning slightly.

"Honestly, I did want to capture you at first, take you hostage, and then blackmail the screen-peeping dog into submission. But the moment I captured you, I changed my mind."

The groundhog Jiejie sneered: "You are the son of the void, right? And because you have been resurrected too many times, you have triggered the restriction of Dao Ancestor. As a result, the sense of existence is gradually disappearing. That's why the monk made such a Golden Lotus. Will you His soul is sealed inside."

Hearing this, the girl's expression was slightly startled.

"Did I tell you right?"

Mr. Gray Mist chuckled: "This monk's Golden Lotus has condensed his cultivation for a hundred generations. It can indeed be used to delay Dao Ancestor's resurrection ban, so that your sense of existence will not be reduced for the time being. And they. They only need to do it as soon as possible. Find a way to truly resurrect you. Let you return to your physical body. The resurrection ban will no longer be triggered."

"Then, what else does senior know?" Sun Rong asked.

"I also know that the resurrection ban actually started the moment I caught you. It was restarted!"

Lord Gray Mist said: "In order to limit my abilities, Dao Ancestor banned me from coming to earth to cause trouble. As long as I am on earth, all restrictions will be strengthened. Among them, this ban on resurrection is also included!"

"Because of my existence. This resurrection ban has also been affected by my resonance. It has become stronger. The monk's Golden Lotus is currently ineffective."

"You mean. My sense of existence will continue to disappear. Really?" Sun Rong asked.

"Yes."

Mr. Gray Mist sighed: "When your sense of existence completely disappears, everyone who knows you on this earth will forget you! And I, as long as I carry you with me, will also be affected by you. Those who know My people will also forget me at the same time!"

"I understand. Senior, you are scared of being beaten by your classmate Wang Ling. You are afraid that he will chase you!" The girl couldn't help laughing.

"Shut up!"

Mr. Gray Mist sneered: "Up to now, are you still pretending to be calm? You are such a tough-talking person!"

It seemed that it was painfully poked by Sun Rong. The groundhog began to chatter and introduce the situation at hand to the girl.

I want the girl to recognize the reality.

"When your sense of existence completely disappears, you will cease to exist completely! By then, your life will be more painful than your death! Are you still delusional that that kid will come to save you?"

Lord Gray Mist said: "And you haven't noticed yet? I took you across space."

"Earth in one second?"

"You can actually see that? That's right! This is the earth one second later! In other words, the space that the boy is in now is always one second different from ours. The space is different. Your sense of existence has completely disappeared. Even if you call Even if your throat is broken, no one will come to save you!"

After Mr. Gray Mist finished speaking, he wanted to open his mouth and laugh. But the more he thought about it, the more he felt that something was wrong.

That's not right!

This girl is not particularly strong...

How is it possible to see through his method of jumping through space?

At this time, the groundhog discovered the blind spot!





Chapter 1319 The top of the sky・Palm Cliff


In the underground seclusion cellar. Along with Wang Ling's figure disappeared.

Zhuo Yi suddenly felt dizzy: "No...why does it hurt so much all of a sudden!"

Even the death Heavenly Dao next to him had the same reaction. The two people slipped and fell to the ground, back to back.

However, the headache symptoms disappeared quickly.

The two of them sat slumped on the ground.

Questions kept popping up in my mind.

Why are they here?

What on earth are they doing?

"Senior Death Heavenly Dao?"

"Eh?"

"Do you feel like we forgot something..."

"I have this feeling." Death Heavenly Dao nodded.

He folded his arms and sat cross-legged on the ground, meditating. But he couldn't remember what he had forgotten.

Zhuo YiCarefully observe the surrounding environment.

Because part of the memory is missing. The memories of many things cannot be connected together.

He didn't even know why he was in the retreat cellar of the Office of Strategic Deception.

"Why is there such a big hole in the ceiling?"

"Who could have stabbed him?"

"It's such a big hole... who can poke this hole? There's one in the sky and one on the ground!"

"Didn't Ling Zhenren leave just now? He might have stabbed him," Death Heavenly Dao said.

"Too."

Zhuo Yi nodded: "That's reasonable! My master is big everywhere. It's not surprising that he poked such a big hole."

Death Heavenly Dao: "What do you mean..."

Zhuo Yi: "I said my master has a big fist."

Death Heavenly Dao: "..."

emmm...

The scene fell into a long silence.

Zhuo Yi thought about death and Heavenly Dao. In the end, I felt that the memories could not be strung together.

They seemed to have forgotten something together. Or rather, they had forgotten someone.

"Let's go out and take a look. Maybe I'll remember it soon. And the master was so anxious just now. I think something must have happened. Let's go see if we can help!" At this time, Zhuo Yi stood up.

He stretched out his hand and said, "Here comes the sword!"

An emerald green crystal bamboo sword was inspired. It turned into a stream of light and fell into Zhuo Yi's hand.

And the moment he held the sword.

Zhuo Yi felt like his whole body was being shocked by a current!

"Preliminary. What do you want to say to me?" Zhuo Yi asked, holding up the second sword in the world.

I saw a string of words gradually appearing on "Yu"'s body: "Fate will tell you. The moment you see this string of words, you will be able to retrieve your lost memory."

A moment!

A stream of information suddenly poured into Zhuo Yi's mind from "Yu"'s body!

"So that's it!" It only took a moment. Zhuo Yi understood.

"What did you think of?"

Death Heavenly Dao asked. He is still confused.

"I thought of something I forgot." Zhuo Yi giggled. As happy as a child.

There are actually a lot of things he has to do now.

So to remind myself all the time.

Zhuo Yi took advantage of the power of "Yu" and backed up all the things he had to do in his sword spirit to prevent himself from forgetting.

The words that appeared on "Yu" just now were carved by Zhuo Yi in advance.

As long as you see this string of words, you can recall the designated memory!

Resurrection ban will weaken the girl's sense of existence. This will make everyone around the girl forget about her.

This is true!

But the groundhog miscalculated after all.

Sword Spirit...

Not human!

...

The other side. The earth one second later. The position of the top of the sky.

In front of the palm cliff.

This is the most famous tourist attraction at Tianding.

In front of the cliff is a vast ocean. You can see the horizon and the sunrise.

The fracture in front of the cliff is very strange. It is a five-curved and wavy five-fingerprint.

It is rumored that the sea in front of the palm cliff was struck out by a powerful person.

At this moment, Mr. Gray Mist is still struggling with why the girl can see through his space jump.

"How did you know?"

His eyes were serious, staring closely at the girl in the Buddha's Golden Lotus.

A cultivator in the Foundation Building period.

It's impossible to use the power to see through space.

And the key thing is that Mr. Gray Mist also discovered that since Sun Rong was kidnapped by him, he has always maintained an unusual calmness and composure.

Although the girl's body was shaking uncontrollably because of the aura emanating from him.

But he never showed the slightest fear.

"Impossible... you are not the true son of the void yet! Although you have huge potential! But as long as you do not return to the void, you will not be able to obtain the huge power of the void world!" Lord Gray Mist was constantly thinking in his mind. : "So. It's impossible for you to see my space jump!"

"Hasn't Senior discovered it yet?"

At this time, Sun Rong was sitting in the Buddha's Golden Lotus. He asked calmly.

She raised her glowing eyes and looked somewhere.

Only then did the prairie dog discover it in surprise.

This shadow of Buddha's Golden Lotus is actually an afterimage...

Although the shadow of the Golden Lotus is incomplete, it is illuminated by light.

Golden Lotus at this moment. The shadow is stretched very long.

And on this afterimage, three lines of words were carved.

This is a note that girls are all too familiar with.

Although it was brief, it brought her great peace of mind.

The groundhog's eyes twitched. He looked at the message conveyed from the shadow in disbelief...

He had no idea when exactly it was.

These three lines of words were actually engraved on the afterimage of the Buddha's Golden Lotus!

The first line is:

[Earth one second later]

It turns out that someone sent a message to this girl!

At this time, after discovering the truth, the groundhog was extremely frightened.

His forehead started to sweat uncontrollably.

Then read along the first line of words.

The second line of text is:

[Don't be afraid]

Don't be afraid?

Are you telling the girl not to be afraid?

No wonder this girl was so calm from beginning to end...

Finally. The third line of text.

It is also the third line that scares the prairie dog the most:

[I'm coming]

"Who's coming..."

At this time, the sweat from the prairie dog's body has gathered into a small river at its feet.

This is the Earth one second later!

And he was also affected by the radiation of Sun Rong's "disappearing sense of existence."

Logically speaking, no one remembers them anymore!

According to the groundhog's plan!

As long as he continues to take the girl and hide in the earth one second later!

It won't be long before he can travel back and forth as he pleases.

Transform into a terrifying mysterious gray mist creature!

"Impossible! No one can find this place! No one!"

The groundhog roared.

And at this moment, the fourth line of words appeared on the afterimage of Buddha's Golden Lotus.

It is still written by Wang Ling. It is in a very beautiful thin gold style.

The fourth line of text:

[Kill you again]

When the groundhog saw this sentence, the whole mouse was frightened out of his mind!

He stretched out his claws and tried to escape!

Since the earth one second later won't work! Then drag it back a few more seconds!

He doesn't believe it. Wang Ling can find him!

When the claws are waving towards the void!

Space jump. Happens again!

"Successful!" At this time, the groundhog breathed a sigh of relief.

However, after calming down, he found that something seemed wrong about the surrounding environment...

This is simply not the top of the sky where he is!

"Don't waste your efforts. I figured you would jump."

At this time, Wang Ling appeared, staring at him from behind. The message said.

"I understand... you set up a space trap. You set the time back... As long as I jump, I will go back to the past time..." Mr. Gray Mist left in a cold sweat: "But you can't adjust the time like this. Yeah...I don't look like the Earth was just a second ago."

Wang Ling shrugged.

This is certainly not the Earth a second ago.

Because from the beginning, he had no intention of correcting time.

After all, this is still within the scope of the earth.

No matter whether it is the earth one second ago or the earth one second later.

It's not good to do anything.

So Wang Ling adjusted the time back by a few hundred million points.

"This is the Earth 4 billion years ago."

At this time, Wang Ling stared at the prairie dog in front of him and moved his neck.

"Four billion years ago..." The prairie dog was astonished at this moment. It cannot be described in words.

"The God-Destroying Blow..."

Wang Ling without any unnecessary nonsense.

Another palm fell on the groundhog.

Ahead, the originally flat land was instantly knocked out of the groundwater by Wang Ling's palm!

The surging tides continue to gather, forming a vast ocean!

Just 4 billion years from now...

This has become one of the most famous tourist attractions on earth - the top of the sky·Palm Cliff.





Chapter 1320 The 10th update on the 3rd anniversary!


Time returns to the top of the sky, Palm Cliff, 4 billion years later.

Everything is back on track.

It is already Monday morning, November 30th.

The horizon ahead. The eastern twilight is approaching and the sun is rising.

It's gradually dawning.

When the first ray of sunshine hits Wang Ling's face.

What he stepped on was a dried and mutilated marmot fossil...

"Classmate Wang Ling!"

Inside the Buddha's Golden Lotus, a girl's excited voice came out: "I knew you would come."

"Um."

Wang Ling's face reflected the red light of the rising sun, covering his complexion.

He picked up the prairie dog fossil from the ground and shook off the dust.

"Classmate Wang Ling. Thank you Sister Nuan for me!" The girl smiled.

She knew very well. Although the person who ended this battle was Wang Ling.

But there are other people she needs to thank.

"Yeah." Wang Ling nodded. He cherished words like gold.

Then he snapped his fingers.

The Buddha Golden Lotus was transported back to the Office of Strategic Deception...

...

At this time, Zhuo Yi and Heavenly Dao were reflecting in the True Venerated Immortal Hall.

They failed to perform the task of Wang Ling well.

Because protection is not good.

So I took the initiative to kneel in the hall of True Venerated Immortal to "please bear my sins."

"What's going on? Why is Elder Zhuo kneeling?"

"It seems that I didn't see anything well."

"Did Lord True Venerated Immortal punish you?"

"The blame lies here! Mr. True Venerated Immortal didn't punish him either. As a result, Elder Zhuo took the initiative to come here to plead guilty..."

At the entrance of the main hall, many novice disciples came to join in the fun.

"What are you looking at! Let's look at them all and make a set of {Huanggang Secret Scrolls}!" Fang Xing yelled at the door, folding his arms.

Several of the male disciples left with red faces. I don't know if it was because of shame or because they woke up...

Ever since the news about her feminization spread in the Office of Strategic Deception, this kind of thing has happened all the time.

Previously, Fang Xing only attracted the attention of many female disciples. Now he even attracted the attention of male disciples...

This made Fang Xing feel very distressed.

"You two, get up. Classmate Wang Ling didn't say anything." Fang Xing leaned against the door frame. He stared at the scene in the hall and didn't know whether to laugh or cry.

I can only say that whether it is Zhuo Yi or death Heavenly Dao. This desire to live is too strong!

It's okay to take the initiative to plead guilty...

This operation made Fang Xing dumbfounded.

"No! Although Master didn't blame me, I can't let myself go! It's because I didn't practice enough and didn't respond enough!"

Zhuo Yi tried hard to reflect: "Even if I died at that time, Heavenly Dao couldn't react because of the restriction of Heavenly Dao's signal shielding. But I had already noticed something strange! If I had protected Sun Rong earlier !It won't be like this!"

"No! Although Ling Zhenren didn't blame me, I can't let myself go! It's all because I wasn't prepared enough. I failed to predict the danger in advance!"

Death Heavenly Dao also sighed.

The two people reflected in the main hall and spoke out their mistakes loudly, as if they were afraid that others would not hear...

Fang Xing looked amused for a while.

A few more minutes passed.

A golden stream of light came quickly from the window.

It is the Buddha Golden Lotus who has returned!

All I can say is that Ling Zhenren is indeed Ling Zhenren!

Saving the sheep from the tiger's mouth. This kind of operation can only be described as awesome Glass!

Death Heavenly Dao is happy in his heart.

Although neither he nor Zhuo Yi. were surprised by this result.

As soon as Zhenren takes action, he will know if there is any.

How can a mere groundhog stir up waves?

However, Death Heavenly Dao felt that Zhuo Yi seemed to be much more excited than he imagined!

Seeing the return of Golden Lotus. Zhuo Yi was so excited that she could hardly contain herself.

He rushed forward with tears in his eyes!

"Zhuo Yi Senior...what's wrong with you^..." Sun Rong was shocked by Zhuo Yi's reaction.

This was the first time she saw Zhuo Yi acting so glum.

Zhuo Yi held the Golden Lotus in his hand. He burst into tears and said, "Master Wife! You are finally back!"

The girl's face turned red. It quickly burned to the base of her ears. Even her snow-white neck was red: "Who... who is your master's wife..."

After calming down, Zhuo Yi thought about it and felt that he did wake up a little too early.

Isn't this still undecided...

But he didn't regret his mistake.

At least he tried out the girl's will.

Haha. If you don't mean that to their master! Why are you blushing!

"I'm sorry, Sun Rong, schoolgirl. I was too excited." The trick worked. Zhuo Yi showed a smile like an old fox.

"eh...I don't blame you. From now on...don't call me that..." Sun Rong kept fanning his face with his hands.

Only this time, it probably took a long, long time for the temperature on my face to subside.

...

The place abandoned by the gods. Wang Ling threw the mutilated fossilized stems of the prairie dog on the ground.

Cat in the Abandoned Land saw the dead groundhog. His eyes lit up: "As expected of you!"

"Has the contract been established?" Wang Ling asked expressionlessly.

"It has been established! Don't worry, Ling Zhenren! From now on, I will accept Miss Sun's soul according to the order! She is here with me. She will not suffer any injustice or danger! Just as we agreed!" Cat in the Abandoned Land said.

"Yeah."Wang Ling nodded with satisfaction.

He looked at the incomplete fossils of Lord Gray Mist on the ground. In fact, he still had some doubts in his heart.

Let's be honest. Woodchucks are indeed a tough opponent.

Being able to be resurrected so many times at full status is unimaginable to Wang Ling.

He moved the time to 4 billion years ago and killed the prairie dogs.

This prairie dog's breath has indeed disappeared in the universe.

However, Wang Ling feels that there seems to be more to this matter.

"I know what Ling Zhenren is thinking. Don't worry Zhenren. He is indeed dead."

Cat in the Abandoned Land said: "Before Ling Zhenren's last palm fell, he actually still had a few lives left. But because Ling Zhenren set the time back...at that point in time, it was not Dao Ancestor who set him up with resurrection privileges. time. So he didn't come back to life."

Wang Ling finally breathed a sigh of relief after hearing this.

The groundhog incident has finally come to an end.

Tomorrow is Tuesday, December 1st. It is also the time point for the upgrade of the earth.

Wang Ling plans to go to the Desert of Dead Bones to take a look at the layout of Monk Jin Deng's Chaos Guidance Device.

But before leaving. Wang Ling felt like there was one thing that I hadn't done yet...

...

At the same time. In the universe.

The spirit of the moon and the spirit of the earth face each other from afar.

Moon Spirit: "I knew it. Ling Zhenren forgot about me..."

Earth Spirit: "It's better to forget..."

The Moon Spirit nodded: "That's right... otherwise, I would have to be beaten every day! Look at the pits on my face! Every time he slaps me down, I get scared! I'm much worse off than you! You'll be beaten right away!" It's time to upgrade!"

"Isn't upgrading just to make it easier to get beaten?"

At this time, the Earth Spirit's words caused the two planet spirits to fall into a long silence.

The spirit of the earth sighed: "I have a saying. I started to be afraid of him 4 billion years ago."

Moon Spirit: "..."





Chapter 1321 The road to Zhuo Yi is long and wide


Wang Ling had a strong feeling. He felt that that stupid groundhog might still be alive.

But so far, the other party's aura is indeed gone.

After all, it is the number one divine beast under Dao Ancestor Wang. Er Ha was able to escape death by leaving his body. This marmot may not be able to do it.

However, Wang Ling is not worried that this groundhog will continue to cause trouble.

He was killed by himself three times in a row.

Such a psychological shadow. It took Er Ha a long time to come back to his senses.

At night. Wang Ling's figure appeared in the Desert of Bones.

The intricate guidance device ahead came into view of Wang Ling.

These devices are all made of cosmic alloy.

Monk Jin Deng traveled to countless planets to collect the materials to build these devices.

The metal conduits were arranged by the monks and connected end to end according to the design drawings. They were densely covered in the ground and surface of the desert, spread out like a spider web.

The Desert of Bones is called the Desert of Bones because there are many quicksand areas here.

If an ordinary device is placed on top, it will be swallowed by the quicksand due to its weight, and then sink directly to the bottom of the desert.

But these cosmic alloys are different. Not only are they extremely strong, but the key is that they are as light as a feather. They are just right for laying in such an environment.

Wang Ling saw.

These spider web-like devices finally converged on a central point in the desert.

That should be where the Chaos Egg is placed.

"Brother Ling!"

"Na na! Ling Zhenren is here!"

Lord Diulei and Miss Ajuan saw Wang Ling from afar.

Today is Monday. Originally, Wang Ling should be doing homework at this time.

The reason why I have time to come out and "join in the fun" now. Lord Diulei knows that a large part of the reason is because Number 60 High School is still under construction.

Because it was bombed by the foundation before, the opening of Number 60 High School was delayed for a while.

Originally Zhuo Yi estimated that the repair would be completed on Monday.

However, Principal Chen's construction requirements are relatively high. He also has to spend some time beautifying the campus environment.

So the holiday at Number 60 High School will last until the weekend.

The real start of school is actually next Monday, which is December 7th.

Of course, before the official start of school, students in their 60s do not have nothing to do... they still have to check in for online classes on DingTalk!

At this time, Lord Diulei's expression suddenly changed. He stretched out his arm and pulled Wang Ling aside. He showed a very gossipy expression: "Brother, is Miss Sun Rong okay now? I heard that she was captured by a groundhog, and you saved her!"

Wang Ling: "..."

To be honest. Wang Ling is very surprised. Because Lord Diulei has been concentrating on arranging the device. I didn't expect that the information could be so well-informed.

"Brother, you want to know how I got the news?"

Lord Diulei said with a smile: "Didn't you see DingTalk? We DingTalk have an Office of Strategic Deception working group. I remember pulling you in."

In order to facilitate work exchanges and mutual support, Lord Diulei also jumped on the bandwagon and set up a working group, bringing in all the core members of the Office of Strategic Deception.

"???"

Wang Ling was startled.

He really didn't notice this.

Because DingTalk has so many study groups...

And the most important thing is that Chen Chao and Guo Hao also brought Wang Ling into many "homework exchange groups." The euphemistic name is to exchange homework. In fact, they copy each other...

As for the Office of Strategic Deception working group established by Lord Diulei, it was buried in the sea of group chats.

But now it's too late when Wang Ling discovers it.

Because Zhuo Yi is already in the working group. He has shared a lot of things about "tasks."

"Look here. Here. And here...it's all what brother Zhuo Yi said in it."

In chronological order. Zhuo Yi posted his work experience directly in the group chat.

"Hey. Today's work is to go to the hospital to visit the Sun Rong schoolgirl. This Sun Rong schoolgirl is lying in the medical cabin doing sit-ups. It's really heartbreaking. But with Master's help, I guess it won't happen. Something big happened."

...

"Today's job is to protect the Sun Rong schoolgirl. Senior Heavenly Dao is here. I feel a lot more at ease."

...

"Classmate Sun Rong has been resurrected too many times. It seems that some resurrection ban has been triggered. The body has become transparent, which will reduce the sense of existence. Fortunately, senior Jin Deng took action and placed Sun Rong in the Buddha Inside the Golden Lotus."

"PS: Senior Jin Deng was invited by Master. Master has never been so interested in a girl. Hehehehe! I feel like I have discovered some incredible secret!"

...

"I went home with Sun Rong to sort out my things. Senior Heavenly Dao used the Great Sacrifice Technique to help Sun Rong burn a lot of things. Only the desk and wardrobe were not allowed to be burned. I watched secretly. Eyes on the desk. I found Sun Rong's junior classmate actually imitating Master's handwriting...hehehehe!"

...

"Today's work is to accompany Sun Rong school girl to the God's Domain to watch the immortal gods fight. As soon as the master appeared on the stage, he pierced the Dao God brain of the head of the Zhou family. Then he used virtual images to fight the six Dao Gods. I found Sun Rong The school girl recognized Master's virtual image at a glance! Then! Her eyes were fixed on Master the whole time. She never left! Hehehehe!"

...

"I can't. I've been observing the various reactions of Sun Rong schoolmates when they see their master. It's so interesting! My aunt laughed the whole time. I couldn't stop! Hey. It's great to be young! Is this youth? !"

...

"Today's task is to protect the Sun Rong junior student in the underground seclusion cellar of the Office of Strategic Deception with Senior Heavenly Dao. In order to be able to return to the physical body in the future, the Sun Rong senior student recalls the experience of the soul state. I worked very hard to sort out everything that happened these days in my little notebook. PS: I am selling a copy of the sketch portrait of Master drawn by my classmate Sun Rong. Need to chat privately..."

...

"Woooo! Master, she is in danger. She is back! Master is awesome! (broken sound)"

...

"..."

Looking at Zhuo Yi posting these messages in the work group, Wang Ling's mouth twitched.

"It seems that Brother Ling has also discovered it."

Lord Diulei said with a smile: "Actually, these messages were originally posted by brother Zhuo Yi in Space Talk. And it should be only visible to brother Zhuo Yi... But a while ago, this DingTalk seemed to be related to Talk about a cooperative relationship. Messages started to be synchronized and exchanged. Zhuo Yi classmate didn't seem to realize this yet. Then the messages in his space were synchronized to the DingTalk group."

Wang Ling: "..."

"Brother, don't worry... I have confirmed this. Brother Zhuo's DingTalk account is a small account. And there is only one working group of Office of Strategic Deception in the whole account. So the message he posted on Space Talk. The synchronization has only reached this point. But judging from Brother Zhuo's reaction, it seems that he hasn't discovered it yet."

Wang Ling: "..."

On the other side. In the underground cellar of the Office of Strategic Deception.

Zhuo Yi updated his information again.

He didn't talk about it in space.

Instead, choose to publish directly in the working group of the Office of Strategic Deception.

And he deliberately used a tone that sounded like he was talking and publishing in space. He wrote in his work diary: "Since I called me Master, Sun Rong, the school girl seems to be angry. She is blushing and still doesn't speak. Hehehe. Master. I can only help you so much."

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 1322 The mysterious egg


It's not a big deal to watch the excitement. It has always been one of the labels of people who eat melon.

Comrade Zhuo Yi went deep into the enemy's camp, risked his life alone, and cared about his master's life events. Pretending to be stupid in secret was actually a test. The method was shocking.

Of course. This road obviously still has a long way to go.

Zhuo Yi is not in a hurry. He has many plans in his mind, and most of them are plans that he wanted to realize but failed to realize when he was a student...

As the saying goes, if you don't have a chance, then create one.

Zhuo Yi is waiting for the incident to end. Invite Sun Rong into the working group of the Office of Strategic Deception.

Then he can legitimately take his elementary school girl to do trouble in the name of work!

Hey hey hey!

At this point. There are 3 hours left before Tuesday, December 1st.

Wang Ling saw that in the Desert of Bones, Monk Jin Deng had almost finished the decoration.

Everything is ready now. All we need is the east wind.

The center of the dense installation. Wang Ling saw the monk's egg.

The eggshell has regular purple patterns. It has a crystal texture all over its body. It exudes an aura of chaos.

And the concentration is amazing.

After fighting against the groundhog, Wang Ling also gained a deeper understanding of the power of chaos.

At the same time, he also understood how powerful the power of chaos is.

If it weren't for the layer of chaotic gray mist around him, the groundhog would have died a long time ago! He didn't need to use any serious palm skills to get rid of it easily.

But if there is this layer of gray fog, Wang Ling's ordinary palm power really can't hurt the groundhog.

So in theory, if you always use the ordinary palm method to slap the groundhog.

Without considering the consumption of the power of chaos, the woodchuck should be able to survive infinite times...

But it's a pity.

There is no if.

Because no one can receive so many slaps from Wang Ling in his lifetime.

This monk's ten slaps is already the highest record.

Wang Ling feels that it will be difficult for anyone to break through in the coming days.

"The wait has finally come for today." The monk looked at the masterpiece he had decorated and was filled with emotion.

It has not hatched successfully in 300 lives. Now it finally has a chance to break out of its shell while taking advantage of the Earth's Tribulation Transcendence!

"Can't be sure what can be hatched?" Wang Ling also asked curiously.

"Yes. Ling Zhenren." The monk nodded. He looked at the chaos egg in front of him with squinted eyes: "It's impossible to guess what can be born from chaos before it officially breaks out of its shell. And this is it. The strangeness of the Chaos Egg. No one knows the final combination of the Chaos Sequence before it breaks out of its shell."

The monk finished speaking. Wang Ling fell into silence.

Because I have already seen what is in this chaotic egg...

And this look caught the monk quickly: "Zhenren? Did you... see something?"

Wang Ling said nothing. He just patted the monk on the shoulder. The expression on his face seemed somewhat meaningful.

Secrets cannot be revealed.

He uses the King's Eyes to peek into secrets. There are rules for that too.

Although he already knows the answer, he will never tell the monk. Otherwise, it may change the law of cause and effect... leading to some unnecessary disasters.

"The poor monk understands. Zhenren doesn't want to say anything. The poor monk doesn't ask any more questions."

The monk is an open-minded person.

When he saw Wang Ling's eyes flashing, he knew that it would be inconvenient to disclose this matter.

At the same time, he was filled with surprise.

The power of Wang Ling's King's Eyes was beyond his imagination after all.

After all, it is a divine object that is "not within the Tao!"

Even the chaotic gene sequence can penetrate...

It should be noted that before the Chaos Egg officially breaks out of its shell, there may be hundreds of trillions of combinations of Chaos Sequences.

This is definitely not something that normal humans can calculate.

And Wang Ling. actually saw through it at a glance.

"As expected of Ling Zhenren!"

The monk felt ashamed.

He really wanted to know the result. But in fact, he didn't care that much about the result itself.

No matter what is in this egg, the monk will accept it.

After all, he has invested three hundred years of hard work in it...

In itself, the monk felt that what he did was not very authentic when it came to using the Earth's Tribulation Transcendence to hatch eggs.

Wang Ling didn't blame him. It already made him feel grateful.

The monk just hopes that what pops out of the egg won't be too weird...

...

Office of Strategic Deception. Retreat Cellar. Room 331.

The girl in the Golden Lotus looked at the picture coming back from the screen and asked: "Zhuo Yi Senior. What is in the egg?"

Because the original room 328 was damaged and is currently being repaired, Zhuo Yi had no choice but to move to a new room with Sun Rong.

"It's hard to say. After all, senior Jin Deng spent 300 lifetimes without being able to hatch it." Zhuo Yi touched his chin and said, "Can senior Heavenly Dao know what's inside?"

"Before this secret is officially broken, I'm afraid only Ling Zhenren knows about it."

Death Heavenly Dao said: "This is like Schrödinger's cat. What is inside the egg can only be known the moment it is born. For example, when Miss Sun gives birth to a child in the future, she will only know it the moment the child is born. Male is female. Otherwise everything would be possible."

"Don't use me as an example!" Sun Rong protested online.

"Ahem. Senior Heavenly Dao's words are right!"

Zhuo Yi cleared his throat and said: "But judging from the look in my master's eyes... I think it might be a treasure. I can clearly see that there is something in my master's eyes. A surprised look."

"Eh? Surprised look? You mean classmate Wang Ling?"

Sun Rong has three questions: "But why? I only see the dead eyes of classmate Wang Ling..."

"Hey hey hey! Sun Rong school girls are usually embarrassed to look directly into my master's eyes!" Zhuo Yi smirked.

"Where...where is there..."

The girl didn't expect that she would be exposed in one word.

The face that had just calmed down started to get hot again.

"Sun Rong School girl! If you want to know about my master, you can start from me! My intelligence agent is free! Anyway, you are in the soul state now. When you return to the body, you will not be able to remember everything. You can ask me anything you want!"

Sun Rong: "Senior Zhuo...I found out. You have become bad..."

"It's not that I have become bad. It's the road to education. You should not be ashamed to ask questions. This is what I have always preached to the children as the General Administration of Hundreds of Schools. Don't be afraid when you encounter difficulties. You must ask the teacher! Do you understand?"

Zhuo Yi finished speaking. Hehehehehehehe again: "You only see my master's dead fish eyes. This proves that you are still too young. You have to distinguish what kind of meaning is expressed in my master's eyes and express it." No matter what kind of feelings you have, you must start with the details."

The girl did not reply. But in fact, she was secretly recording it in her "little notebook."

"For example, when my master is surprised, his right eyebrow will twitch unconsciously."

"For example, when my master is angry, his face will darken, his eyebrows on both sides will be lowered, and some hair on his head will float slightly."

"Besides, it's when my master expresses his love..."

"like?"

"Yes." Zhuo Yi said: "The only way to express love is to express love. I haven't been able to figure it out yet. For example, when Master eats his favorite crispy noodles, his face is always expressionless. Not even a micro-expression."

"Eh. Is that so?" Sun Rong nodded.

She felt that she had learned a lot of useful information.

"This emotional expression is very vague and difficult to define. It also requires the Sun Rong school girls to work hard on their own. Hehehe." Zhuo Yi said.

"I?"

"Hey hey hey..."

"..."





Chapter 1323 Heavenly Dao who was taken to death in a ditch


There is less than an hour until Earth's Tribulation Transcendence.

Dead Bone Desert. Huaxiu Alliance, Office of Strategic Deception sent guards and sect disciples to patrol along the edge of the desert. High-altitude restrictions were set up to prevent cultivators from crossing the desert from the air.

"Attention all units. All patrols will be evacuated in half an hour. Arrive at a safe area a thousand miles away as quickly as possible. Do not stay nearby." Lord Diulei looked up at the sky and used collective sound transmission to give commands.

The impact of the power of chaos is extremely destructive. Even the power of radiation is not something that ordinary cultivators can withstand.

Therefore, before the Tribulation Transcendence, except for the core members, all other patrol personnel must complete the evacuation.

"So nervous! Really nervous!"

Lord Diulei rubbed his hands.

This time, the command of the upgrade of Earth's Tribulation Transcendence. The Huaxiu Alliance has been given full power in his hands.

The stakes are high. Lord Diulei does not want to let the Head of State down.

Whether their Office of Strategic Deception can gain a pivotal position in the international cultivation circle depends on this wave!

"It's strange. Why can the Head of State approve the upgrade of the earth so quickly this time?" At this time, Er Ha suddenly said.

On the side. Xiao Yin replied: "I heard from Diulei. In fact, various countries have long had the idea of upgrading the earth. But they have never found a way. Now Heavenly Dao comes to help. Naturally, I agreed."

"Huh? Why is Brother Dog here too?" Lord Diulei asked, looking at this familiar emerald figure.

"I will become a holy beast soon. But there is still a big gap between the holy beast and the divine beast. Watching the divine beast break its shell up close. This should be an excellent opportunity." Er Ha replied.

"Can a sacred beast evolve in the direction of a divine beast?" Lord Diulei was startled.

"Theoretically, it's possible. It's just a matter of physical fitness. If a spiritual beast wants to evolve into a holy beast, it must learn to refine the original energy, integrate the original energy into the blood, and finally convert the blood in the body into the blood of the holy beast. In this way Evolution will be completed."

At this time, Monk Jin Deng nodded: "And if a holy beast wants to evolve into a divine beast, it is essentially the same. It requires sufficient physical fitness to accept the power of chaos. However, this is an extremely difficult thing to do."

"Can't the Rakshasa King do the same?" Er Ha asked.

"Are you talking about Rakshasa King, the King of Holy Beasts? If he reaches the level of King of Holy Beasts, maybe he can give it a try. But since the Holy Beast incident, the poor monk remembers that King Rakshasa's spirit is getting weaker and weaker. He doesn't want to make progress, and his physical fitness is not as good as before. If you try to fuse the power of chaos, you will most likely die..." the monk reasoned.

Hearing this, everyone was surprised.

...

On the other side. The underground retreat cellar of the Office of Strategic Deception. Zhuo Yi is introducing the other core members of the Office of Strategic Deception to the girl.

The few who stayed to guard the mountain gate. Sun Rong have completely gotten to know each other. The remaining core members are now concentrated in the Desert of Dead Bones.

The picture on the screen includes everyone. This makes it much easier to identify Zhuo Yi.

"Did you see that silver-haired one with bare feet? His name is Xiao Yin. He is a holy beast. He was taken in by Master a long time ago. And he has always been attached to Master." Zhuo Yi introduced while observing. The girl's reaction.

However, the girl's reaction seemed calmer than Zhuo Yi imagined: "Do you like to stick to your classmate Wang Ling? It's actually normal. Classmate Wang Ling has always been very popular!" Ah, by the way. Where does Miss Xiao Yin live?"

"Sun Rong What do you want to do?"

"It's nothing. Just sending some gifts and saying hello. Thank you, Miss Xiao Yin, for taking care of your classmate Wang Ling!" Although at this time, the girl still maintained a generous and decent smile on her face. But her tone Something is obviously not right here.

Zhuo Yi feels that if this matter is not explained clearly, it may cause a big fuss!

This is not asking for your address to send gifts...

It looks like he obviously wants to send the blade!

So at this time, Zhuo Yi coughed slightly: "Ahem...Sun Rong school girl. Actually Xiao Yin is a boy."

As soon as he finished speaking, there was a brief silence in the retreat room.

After a few seconds, the girl's expression improved significantly. She covered her mouth and looked a little surprised: "So beautiful...she is actually a boy..."

"Xiao Yin has indeed been mistaken for a girl. When we went to the Wang family's villa before, even my grandmother admitted her mistake." Zhuo Yi said with a smile.

"Yeah! I always thought it was a girl just now."

"Hey hey hey. Sun Rong junior classmate, do you feel a sense of relief?"

"..."

Sun Rong found.

My senior's tricks are now getting deeper and deeper.

And it can be described as hard to guard against.

"Hey. Young people nowadays."

Death Heavenly Dao also sighed at this moment.

"Why does the senior's voice sound so resentful?" Zhuo Yi couldn't help but ask.

"I just think that these days, gender does not explain everything. I think that if you like someone, you should take the initiative in time. You know, the population of male cultivators in Huaxiu country exceeds the number of female cultivators. So these days, and female cultivators The person who robs the Taoist companion is not necessarily a female cultivator. It may also be a male cultivator."

Sun Rong: "..."

Zhuo Yi: "Senior...I feel like you are hinting at something."

"Is there any?"

Death Heavenly Dao was completely unconscious.

Zhuo Yi: "I think you may have been tricked by me. Hehehehe."

Death Heavenly Dao: "?"

I have to say. Heavenly Dao is an honest man. He actually doesn't have any other bad intentions. He was just led into a trap by Zhuo Yi.

He said a lot of things along the lines of Zhuo Yi's point of view. He had no other ideas. However, Zhuo Yi's rhythmic ability was too strong. He didn't even think of the death of Heavenly Dao himself. After saying this, the girl in the Golden Lotus will blush.

As a rhythm master. Zhuo Yi's initial goal has been achieved.

Even Heavenly Dao can be brought into the ditch invisibly by him. I'm afraid more and more people will fall in in the future...

Hey hey hey!

...

On the other side, Wang Ling paid close attention to the movements in the field.

He asked Lord Ma to call Er Ha here. In fact, he had another purpose.

After Er Ha was teleported here, Heavenly Dao was the only one left in the Wang family's villa, painting Talisman in loneliness and coldness...

"Have you felt it too?" At this time, Wang Ling asked via voice transmission.

"Not bad." Er Ha nodded.

It can feel that there is a very powerful soul floating in the nearby space.

That's right. This soul is not another...

It's that stupid prairie dog.

This guy has not been resurrected from the place where God forsaken him.

Instead, he deliberately kept himself in the state of his soul body.

The purpose is already obvious.

He wanted to seize the body of the larvae of the divine beast at the moment it broke out of its shell!

"What a stupid groundhog." Er Ha couldn't help but smile.

"You have to do this on your own. I won't help you." At this time, Wang Ling said in a message.

He called Er Ha here. In fact, he was seeking welfare for Er Ha.

But in this case, for some reason, Wang Ling cannot step in to help.

"Don't worry, Little Master Ling. I am determined to win this mere remnant soul..." Er Ha smiled, full of confidence.

The little clever things this groundhog is doing now are all leftover from his past tricks!





Chapter 1324 Ban matryoshka dolls!


Er Ha is very familiar with the method of using the soul to escape from the golden cicada.

Now that he recalled it carefully, he even felt a little sympathy for the spirit of the groundhog wandering nearby.

Because they were all poor little people who had been killed repeatedly.

Wang Ling The "Friends of Animals" label cannot be removed.

The only difference is.

Wang Ling and Er Ha are each other's childhood shadows.

Wang Ling and the groundhog. Only the groundhog has a larger psychological shadow area.

In order not to alert the snake.

Er Ha saw that Wang Ling had already left first.

Sure enough, its original choice was correct.

Although he was killed by Wang Ling several times.

But follow Wang Ling. There is indeed meat to eat!

The Earth upgrade Tribulation Transcendence is about to begin.

Er Ha calculated the time. There are still less than 15 minutes.

But it has accurately sensed a certain soul that is lurking and ready to move...

...

On the other side. On a sand dune in the Desert of Dead Bones.

Gray Mist Lord stared ahead at the core area that was about to receive the Chaos Impact.

Yes.

He didn't really die...

Although the body was destroyed, the soul still escaped.

Wang Ling is terrible.

It is famously said to adjust the time "a hundred million points."

As a result, he was taken directly to the earth four billion years ago and beaten...

The privilege left to him by Dao Ancestor is indeed resurrection at full status.

But after this resurrection reaches a certain number of times, he will lose control of the resurrection point.

He must pass through the Abandoned Land. The location of his next resurrection will be determined by Cat in the Abandoned Land.

And the Cat in the Abandoned Land was unhappy with him...

He will definitely be sent to that scary boy!

When the time comes, it will be all in vain if he is really resurrected!

So after weighing the balance, Mr. Gray Mist made a bold decision...

He decided to keep his soul state. There was no need to resurrect so quickly!

However, in the soul state, his own combat power will be greatly reduced. In addition, the passage of time will also weaken his power...

A full 4 billion years have passed.

Now his soul energy is already fragile.

But fortunately, everything in front of him gave Mr. Gray Mist hope for life.

--He saw a chaos egg that was about to break out of its shell!

As long as he seizes the body at the moment when the new divine beast breaks out of the egg shell, he will become a brand new divine beast!

So. He has a new one!

Not only can he regain his strength, but more importantly, he can also get rid of the prairie dog body that has troubled him for a long time!

It should be noted that this monk's egg has not hatched in 300 lifetimes.

Needless to say, you know that there must be a very rare and precious beast inside!

"Ah! I have finally waited for this day!" On the sand dune, the soul woodchuck was moved.

The tears from my soul couldn't stop pouring out.

Finally. He no longer has to be a groundhog!

But at this moment, Soul Marmot felt a chill running down his spine.

"That's not right. Why is it so cold?"

The soul groundhog shuddered all over.

When he turned around, he suddenly found an extremely long tongue with mucus in the distance launching a surprise attack on his back!

Although in the soul state, the prairie dog's soul is extremely weak, but it still has basic reaction capabilities.

His reaction was quicker than Er Ha imagined.

Almost subconsciously, he turned to one side and escaped Er Ha's surprise attack.

A full 4 billion years...

In order to maintain the power of this remnant soul and ensure that his remnant soul remains alive, the prairie dog has gone through disasters... and escaped death many times. He has developed amazing reflexes.

I can't beat you. I can't hide from you!

The upgrade of the earth has begun soon.

In order to give the soul time to seize the body and terminate the contract, the groundhog's first reaction is naturally to avoid fighting.

Er Ha also didn't expect that this woodchuck's reaction ability was so fast...

Obviously there is only a trace of the soul left!

This is an ability that has been developed through many raids!

Er Ha complained in his heart.

But for the remnant soul of this groundhog, it is bound to win!

This is the number one beast under Dao Ancestor Wang!

If it can be swallowed, even if it is just a trace of the remaining soul, its own strength will increase tremendously in a short period of time!

"Oops...this soul is so delicious!" Er Ha couldn't wait. His eyes were full of longing.

The scent of the woodchuck's soul exuded made its saliva drool uncontrollably.

When it saw the remnant soul of the groundhog, it ran away nimbly. It quickly followed up and said, "Don't run! Stop for me!"

"Damn... at this time..."

There is only one last step left before the soul is taken away.

The groundhog never expected that he would encounter such a formidable enemy at this last moment.

Why is this Akita's hair green! It's also fluorescent! And it can even stick out its tongue as long as a toad...

As for the origin of Er Ha, Marmot is not clear.

But since the other party came for his remnant soul, it was obvious that the person who came was evil.

Less than 10 minutes left!

As long as he can delay it until the moment when the chaos impact falls, he can win!

When the time comes, wait until he enters the body of this divine beast.

Even if that divine beast is just a baby, as long as he has a physical body, he can summon the gray mist of chaos!

With that layer of power blessing.

Not to mention just a green-haired dog!

Ha. Just don't meet Wang Ling...

He has nothing to fear from anyone here!

However, Er Ha's difficulty also surprised the groundhog.

His soul state has been very hidden. But this green-haired dog seemed to be able to smell him. It kept chasing him!

"Don't run! Let me take a lick!" Er Ha ran over from a distance. He quickly stuck out his tongue in his direction and tried to suck him directly into his belly. He kept making "suck, suck, suck" sounds.

Damn! This is still a licking dog!

The groundhog couldn't help but scolded his mother.

He has never been bullied like that by a holy beast...

The woodchuck quickly manipulated his soul to dive and hide himself in the sand.

And Er Ha's digging speed was also ridiculously fast. He was chasing after him relentlessly.

There is an old saying that tells a dog to meddle in its own business.

The prairie dog feels that he will live a long time.

Unexpectedly, this sentence actually came true for me!

--Ahhhh!

He was roaring inside.

Still a little short of it!

There's still a little time left!

Then he can have a real, brand new one!

At this time, the sky is over the Desert of Dead Bones.

Both Marmot and Er Ha. have already felt that an inexplicable and huge spiritual energy is beginning to gather!

Chaos Onslaught is about to begin!

The countdown phase has now officially entered.

At this point Er Ha gave up the chase.

But this does not mean that it has given up action.

In this situation, there is no point in continuing to chase. It is better to change a new strategy!

About thirty seconds passed.

In the sky, a huge purple thundercloud gathered. A terrifying red light erupted from it! Like a devil's eye, staring at the earth!

Chaos Blast. About to begin!

The monk stood in front of the Chaos Egg. He turned his prayer beads and recited Buddhist scriptures silently.

He raised his hand. The chaos guidance device was activated instantly.

Buzz!

Countless tubes burst out with golden light in an instant. Finally, the chaotic egg suddenly surged towards the core of the device!

The monk has tested all this process over and over hundreds of times before, ensuring that everything is foolproof!

And at the moment when the golden light converged on the Chaos Egg!

Rumble!

A huge pillar of chaotic light in the sky. It landed with devastating power!

Suddenly, a huge earthquake occurred across the entire earth!

The sea water rolled up, forming a huge tsunami. But this was a situation that had been expected. Cultivators from various countries had already worked together to set up sea-fixing barriers to prevent tsunamis from eroding the earth, blocking out the surging sea water.

What also happened at the same time was tremors in the earth's crust.

Almost all cultivators on earth who are still in retreat were startled by this vibration.

For a moment, they opened their eyes one after another.

This violent shaking feeling is unsettling.

The spiritual beasts in the forest formed a beast tide. They rushed wildly in the jungle, thousands of birds sang, and the beasts roared to the sky. The whole earth seemed to be boiling at such a special and great moment!

Chaos Impact is so terrifying.

But all of the above are under consideration.

Chaos impact is bound to cause some natural effects.

But with the magic of modern cultivators, it is preventable and controllable when powerful people are stationed in various places.

Of course. If the monk hadn't made preparations earlier, he would have used the device he developed to guide the energy.

This impact will split the earth in half like a watermelon in an instant!

The terrifying huge impact lasted for 3 minutes.

Then. everything calms down!

These three minutes made all cultivators on the earth feel panic and uneasiness.

Planet upgrade!

This is a famous scene that no cultivator on earth has ever seen!

Now, with the collaborative support of the Head of State, Huaxiu Alliance and the Office of Strategic Deception! The earth has withstood the pressure of the huge chaotic catastrophe caused by this upgrade!

Everyone is witnessing history! "Is it completed?" Lord Diulei asked excitedly.

"It's done!" The monk opened his eyes and gave a thumbs up!

The earth has survived the chaos impact unscathed. This means that the earth has completed its upgrade!

In an instant, the purple thunderclouds in the sky dispersed.

What immediately burst out was endless spiritual energy from heaven and earth!

Just for a moment, the entire earth was covered by a strong layer of spiritual light. It was shrouded in a thick immortal fog!

The cultivators on Earth began to cheer.

They stepped on their spiritual swords and flew freely in the air. They breathed out the rich immortal mist after the disaster, so that their internal organs were nourished in an instant.

This is a carnival for cultivators all over the world.

All cultivators are celebrating in their own way.

Near the Desert of Bones.

Office of Strategic Deception, patrol officer of Huaxiu Alliance, disciples applauded thunderously. Cheered!

At the same time, the Heads of State of various countries who were closely watching the upgrade plan from a distance also burst into applause and sent congratulatory messages to the Huaxiu Alliance Head of State office.

"It really worked!"

Xiao Yin excitedly rushed over and hugged Lord Diulei.

"Brother Yin...you've gained weight again!" Lord Diulei couldn't laugh or cry. He let Xiao Yin wrap around him like a koala.

Everyone is very excited!

There is nothing more exciting than witnessing the success of Tribulation Transcendence!

But at this moment, Monk Jin Deng's chaotic egg finally reacted at this moment.

"Hey! Monk! Your egg finally moved!" Miss Ajuan didn't care about the upgrade of the earth at all. She had been looking forward to what kind of mythical beast would come out of the eggshell.

This guy who has not been born in 300 lifetimes. I think he must be very handsome! Sparkling! Domineering! A shocking creature!

Bleak!

The crystal egg body had a small crack.

Although I didn't see clearly what the guy in the egg looked like, a powerful aura of chaos had already surged out!

"Congratulations, master! This must be a rare beast!" Lord Diulei quickly congratulated him.

"Thank you True Venerated Immortal for your kind words. Let's hope this guy comes out on his own." The monk smiled.

But at this moment, the prairie dog, which had been lurking under the desert for a long time, finally had its chance!

"The opportunity has come!!!"

He roared excitedly and jumped out of the desert as fast as he could.

On the other side, Er Ha also feels that his opportunity has come!

It gave up the chase before and just planned to stay by the Chaos Egg, waiting for this prairie dog to fall into the trap!

But you only have one chance like this...

If you don't succeed, it will be very embarrassing!

At this time, it already felt that the remnant soul of the groundhog exuding a strong fragrance was getting closer and closer.

The other party is rapidly approaching the surface at extreme speed.

"The opportunity has come!"

At the moment when the marmot's remnant soul jumped out of the desert ground, Er Ha concentrated all his energy and stretched out his long tongue!

"Poor guy! Although you have just been born, I have taken over your body!" The prairie dog that jumped out of the desert laughed crazily and suddenly bumped towards the Chaos Egg...

The whole process. The monk seemed to have expected it.

He didn't move. He didn't do anything to stop the woodchuck.

"Oops!"

Er Ha's tongue did not hit the woodchuck directly.

But at this moment, Er Ha still felt as if something was stuck to his tongue.

This...

Er Ha was shocked!

Immediately realized what was happening!

This prairie dog succeeded in seizing the house!

And he pushed out the soul of the mythical beast inside the eggshell...

What is now wrapped around its tongue is the soul of the mythical beast that the monk truly gave birth to!

"I, Hu Hansan, am back!" At this time, the prairie dog who had successfully snatched the body from the eggshell was very excited about getting a new body.

He stretched out his claws and burst out of the shell.

etc!

There seems to be something wrong with the situation...

This claw. Why is it so familiar!

It seems to be no different from his own claws. It's just a little smaller in size!

But soon. Mr. Gray Mist realized what happened!

He tried his best to snatch the mythical beast egg inside the eggshell, trying to get rid of his marmot body.

But Mr. Gray Mist never expected it.

Inside this eggshell is another prairie dog...

"Why is it still a groundhog! Ahhhh!"

At this moment, the groundhog held his head and roared in panic.





Chapter 1325 Office of Strategic Deception's Face-Pinching Challenge


Life is a circle.

The reincarnation of all things is another circle.

Although the monk didn't know what was in the chaos egg, he could guess what would happen next at the moment the eggshell cracked.

The marmot succeeded in seizing the house. But the monk had no intention of stopping it.

As for the other woodchuck that was pushed out of its body, Er Ha has already eaten it in his mouth... and is currently digesting it.

Vomit. I definitely can't vomit it out.

"Amitabha. Everything is destiny." The monk performed the Buddhist ritual and walked to the front. He didn't say a word. He just stared at the prairie dog's lower body.

Mr. Gray Mist felt a little uncomfortable with the monk's eyes.

But I felt that the monk's eyes seemed to be hinting at something.

He held his head and looked down along the monk's gaze...

I was surprised to find that I didn't have one anymore!

This groundhog!

It's actually a female!

"Ahhhh!"

When he thought that he would never have a "happy" life again, the prairie dog held his head and howled loudly. Then his body instantly petrified and turned into a sculpture-like existence.

"Master...this is?" Lord Diulei was extremely surprised.

"Totally autistic."

The monk sighed and said: "The mythical beasts bred in chaos all have the ability to evade inner demons. They will never be invaded by inner demons. Once inner demons are generated, the body will automatically enter the purification mode until the inner demons in the body are completely eradicated. would all turn into chaotic sculptures like this."

After saying that, the monk took out an anti-realm magic weapon.

It was a Buddhist magic sword. It was made up of seven or forty-nine copper coins engraved with the Buddhist seal of "卍" in series.

The monk casually slashed at the petrified prairie dog.

The sword collided with the groundhog's stone body, making a crisp metallic collision sound.

The sword energy was directly deflected and cut towards the sand dunes in the distance. Then a big explosion occurred.

"It's so hard." Everyone was stunned.

"The Chaos Sculpture is indestructible. Unless it is Ling Zhenren's palm, it would be unrealistic to destroy it," the monk said.

"Hey, monk. How long will it take for someone to recover from autism?" Miss Ajuan went up and touched the round head of the petrified marmot and asked with a smile.

The body of the female prairie dog that Mr. Gray Mist took away was still in the state of a young chick. Compared to the original body of Mr. Gray Mist, which was overweight, it is really only a little bigger now!

He looks like a serious cute creature!

"So cute! So cool! If it wasn't in the petrified state, it would definitely feel good!" Miss Ajuan said.

"Let me tell you. It definitely doesn't feel as good as MASTER's." Xiao Yin said at this time.

"Eh? Is Ling Zhenren's face also very soft?" Everyone was curious.

"I haven't touched it. I just heard it from my grandmother!" Xiao Yin remembered when she was a guest at the Wang family's villa.

Mother Wang took out the childhood photo of Wang Ling.

That face is really elastic!

And even now, he felt like Master's face could be filled with tears.

It's just that no one dares to try it easily...

Because I don't have the guts.

"Hey. I really want to pinch Zhenren's face!"

"It would be better if you don't seek death...MASTER will be angry..."

Suddenly, everyone's topic suddenly shifted from Q's cute petrified prairie dog to the issue of pinching faces.

The topic changed so quickly that the monk found it funny.

"Okay, everyone. Since everyone is curious, why not take a gamble?"

"Ah? Monk, you also gamble? Are you not a monk?"

"I don't bet. But I can provide you with rewards."

The monk smiled slightly. He picked up the eggshell of the Chaos Egg in front of him casually and said, "The eggshell of the divine beast is the top material for making powerful magic weapons. It is a priceless treasure. If anyone can pinch Ling Zhenren's face, then the poor monk can do it with his own hands. Tailor-made a powerful Buddhist instrument."

A magical weapon customized by monk Jin Deng himself!

It is also made from the eggshells of mythical beasts!

Kind of want it!

"Okay! I'll compete!"

"I'm participating too!"

For a time, many people raised their hands and said.

It's just a joke... As long as the timing is right, Ling Zhenren may not be angry!

That's what they thought in their minds.

"I think there is no need to be constrained by signing up. Everyone within the scope of the Office of Strategic Deception can participate. Including those internal and external disciples and core members. Whoever can get it will win."

"Well. Then let's do it!" Lord Diulei also nodded.

Xiao Yin and Er Ha were trembling as they watched.

These people are so bold!

I really don't want my life!

"But then again, what should we do about this petrified groundhog?" At this time, someone finally realized that the topic seemed to be getting more and more off-kilter. He guided everyone to refocus their attention on the man in front of him, holding his head, and fell into a roaring posture. On the petrified prairie dog.

"It takes time to purify one's inner demons. Mr. Gray Mist is trying his best to survive. After waiting for so long, the body of the prairie dog was finally captured. This is the first blow."

The monk sighed and said: "After successfully seizing the body, I found that my eggs were gone. This is the second blow... Under such a double blow, inner demons are born. I am afraid that I will not be able to wake up for a while. The poor monk and Ling Zhenren is about to go to an unspeakable place. It is impossible to carry him with him. I think it is better to set up a sealing circle and move his petrified body there first."

"Sealing the magic circle?"

"In this case, once he wakes up, he will not immediately break through the seal and do evil. Although Lord Gray Fog still has the ability to use chaotic gray fog, but after all, this is a young body. The power of chaotic gray fog is far inferior. In his heyday."

"That's it." Lord Diulei nodded: "Then... I have no choice but to do this!"

"While Ling Zhenren and I are going to the unspeakable place, Lord Lao, please take more care of me!" the monk said.

After saying that, he took out a scroll of {Great Sun Buddha Prajna Sutra} from his sleeve and gave it to Diulei: "This is the Heart Sutra method of True Venerated Immortal breaking through Venerated Immortal. It can be regarded as a little bit of the humble monk's thoughts."

"But I am not a disciple of Buddhism." Lord Diulei said with a smile.

"Realm cultivation has nothing to do with whether you are a disciple of Buddhism. As long as you are dedicated to doing good, you are qualified to practice." Monk Jin Deng said with a smile.

"That's it. Thank you so much, Master!" Lord Diulei bowed.

...

On the other side. In the underground retreat cellar of the Office of Strategic Deception.

Facing the "Face-Pinching Challenge" launched by Lord Diulei and others. Zhuo Yi was also dumbfounded: "Except for Grandma and Grandmaster, I'm afraid no one in the world has ever pinched Master's face! School girl. Want to try it?"

At this time. Zhuo Yi turned his attention to Sun Rong.

"Girls... how can they pinch a boy's face at will... They must have a very close relationship... otherwise they will be misunderstood!" Sun Rong was suddenly incoherent and at a loss.

Seeing the girl's panicked look, Zhuo Yi laughed in her heart.





Chapter 1326 The 2nd Son of the Void


Office of Strategic Deception In the center of the lake. There is a water tower buried underground.

Lord Diulei came here with the monks. He introduced the details about the water tower: "This was designed when the sect was established. It can be used to suppress evil spirits."

"The Office of Strategic Deception sect's facilities are indeed complete." The monk nodded.

In modern cultivation society, there are not many buildings in sects specifically designed to seal evil spirits.

This kind of building is also called a "spirit-suppressing facility." In ancient times, it was mostly used to imprison ferocious beasts or extremely evil monsters.

As soon as the monk saw the tower in the water, he already knew the structure of the tower.

It is established at the intersection of six underground spiritual veins. Once any evil thing is sealed inside, there is almost no ability to escape.

What's more, now that the earth has completed its upgrade, the level of the underground spiritual veins has also changed.

The original heavenly veins were transformed into divine veins. The earthly veins were transformed into heavenly veins.

In other words, the six underground spiritual veins under the Office of Strategic Deception were originally earth veins. Now they have been upgraded to heavenly veins and their power is even more unparalleled.

The monk dropped a golden bead into the lake. The golden light penetrated the lake, causing the central lake of the Office of Strategic Deception to ripple with golden light waves.

"What a powerful Buddha's light." Lord Diulei was surprised.

"The poor monk sealed the chaos sculpture of the groundhog in a Buddhist bead. Now he has added the seal from the Office of Strategic Deception's water tower. Even if he overcomes his inner demons, he will not be able to break out of it in a short time." Jin Deng said.

He chanted Buddhist scriptures and worked with Lord Diulei to cast spells to open the main door of the water tower.

Then, the golden bead was immediately swallowed up by the water tower. The boiling golden lake calmed down instantly and returned to normal.

After doing all this, Lord Diulei secretly breathed a sigh of relief: "Will he figure it out?"

"This is a poor groundhog. He is also a stupid groundhog. I believe he will figure it out after the poor monk and Ling Zhenren return from the Unspeakable Land."

The monk said: "Dedicate himself to meritorious deeds. Serve the poor monk and Ling Zhenren. This is his only way out."

After all, it was the number one divine beast under Dao Ancestor Wang back then.

As a proud prairie dog, after getting used to doing whatever he wants, he chooses the path of "following the heart" to start over. This is a very difficult choice.

But the monk always believed that the prairie dog would eventually give in.

After all, the physiological structure of a mythical beast like "egg removes the whip from the sky." Probably only Ling Zhenren can forcefully change it against destiny.

For the sake of a "happy" life, you have to give in!

While he was thinking in his mind, the monk suddenly thought of something else: "Zhenjun, I heard that you have captured two other people who are suspected to be sons of the void?"

Tomorrow we will go to an unspeakable place.

And the manipulator behind this unspeakable place...

It is also the object that the monk has been keeping a close eye on.

When the groundhog hid himself in the gray fog, his identity had not yet been revealed, so there was suspicion.

But now the groundhog suspicion has been eliminated.

So. If the gap in the Unspeakable Land is torn apart by man.

The Lord of the Void and the fortune teller are the most suspect.

Before setting off. The monk wants to know more clues.

"Yes. Jiang Xiaoche and Yi Zhiyang. are currently in the Office of Strategic Deception."

"How are they doing now?"

"The two people have never exuded the smell of void. It is completely different from the situation of Sun Rong girl." Lord Diulei said: "Is there something wrong?"

"It's indeed a bit strange." The monk was also surprised.

The Book of Sage Immortal rarely makes miscalculations.

But if one of Yi Zhiyang and Jiang Xiaoche is a son of the void, then they should have exuded the smell of the void long ago...

The monk turns the beads and uses his fingers to make calculations.

Lord Diulei saw streams of steam emanating from the six ring scars on the monk's head. It was like the chimney on an old-fashioned locomotive. It made a "wuwuwu" sound...

This is when the monk is performing a complex calculation process.

This is a phenomenon that occurs because the brain is running too fast to dissipate heat. A large amount of high temperature will radiate from the six scars on the head of monk Jin Deng.

Lord Diulei thought to himself, if there is a pot at this time, he can put it on the monk's head to make hot pot...

The monk spent a long time making calculations.

Previously, he had always suspected that the Unspeakable Land was related to the Void Incident.

But now it seems that if Jiang Xiaoche and Yi Zhiyang have not become sons of the void, then the monk feels that there may be another possibility!

That is, it is possible that someone deliberately misled them.

Point your gaze into the void.

And the Lord of the Void may also be the one being used...

"Not good!" After about five or six minutes, Monk Jin Deng raised his head. It seemed that something suddenly occurred to him.

"What happened to Master?" Lord Diulei asked.

"Where is Miss Sun's physical body now?" the monk asked anxiously.

"In the hall of True Venerated Immortal. Leave it under the supervision of a dedicated person."

"Go and have a look!"

By the central lake. The expression on Monk Jin Deng's face looked extremely anxious.

The two of them jumped up. They turned into two streaks of light and quickly approached the direction of the True Venerated Immortal Hall.

At this time, in the main hall, the girl's body, which had been illuminated, was still lying quietly in the medical cabin.

Crispy Noodles Dao Lord. is sitting cross-legged in front of the medical cabin on guard.

When Lord Diulei came here, he suddenly felt that the figure in front of him was in a trance. He seemed to see Wang Ling himself guarding Sun Rong.

After all, Crispy Noodles is Wang Ling's "real doppelgänger." The two of them look similar. Even Lord Diulei feels that this kind of illusion happens from time to time.

"Open it." The situation was urgent. The monk asked Crispy Noodles Dao Lord as soon as he landed.

"Open it. Master may have thought of something." Lord Diulei nodded along.

After receiving Lord Diulei's order, Crispy Noodles Dao Lord stood up and carefully opened the hatch of the medical cabin.

The monk was turning the rosary beads rapidly in his hand. The expression on his face looked very nervous.

He hopes his judgment is wrong.

Otherwise, this thing... would be really scary.

However, the moment he re-examined the girl's body, the monk's entire expression changed. His breathing became rapid almost instantly.

"It's still a step too late..." The monk sighed.

"Master. What on earth is going on?"

"Haven't you noticed yet?"

The monk looked at the girl's illuminated body and said.

Lord Diulei carefully observed the girl in the medical cabin. At first, he did not notice anything unusual.

However, after looking at it, I soon discovered the clue: "This..."

He discovered that the girl in the medical cabin had no shadow!

"Fell into a trap!"

The monk felt a little headache: "If the poor monk guessed correctly, Miss Sun has a twin body of void!"

"Twin Void?"

"In other words, Miss Sun and Miss Sun's shadow are all children of the void!" the monk said.

"Is it related to Shadow?"

"It does matter! But Nuan Zhenren didn't do it intentionally..."

The monk shook his head: "Judging from the current results, it should be Miss Sun's shadow that awakened on its own."

When Lord Diulei heard this, he suddenly understood.

Self-awakening...

Isn't this similar to what happened to Wang Ying?

He was dissatisfied with the ridicule of his true body. Then he awakened his spiritual wisdom and wanted to replace his true body...

All I can say is that girl Sun Rong deserves to be girl Sun Rong...

Even the accident that happened was so similar to Brother Ling's...

They are indeed a pair of living treasures! A perfect match!

At this time, the corner of Lord Diulei's mouth twitched. He couldn't laugh or cry in his heart.





Chapter 1327 Using shadows to find shadows


When the yin and yang reverse chaos...

It turned out to be this.

In a daze, the monk completely understood what the "fortune teller" said back then.

They have always mistakenly understood Yin and Yang as male and female. They thought that the Son of the Void was a man and a woman.

But I never expected that the Sons of the Void would be twins.

The reversal of yin and yang means that the shadow awakens and has its own thoughts.

But by the time I realize it now, it seems to be too late.

Now comes the problem. Now "waiting until the yin and yang reverse chaos" has been verified.

So what does the following sentence "stain the sky with my blood" mean?

He didn't know why. The monk feels that the second half of the sentence has some connotation...

"What did the master think of?" Lord Diulei asked at this time.

"No...nothing..."

The old monk's face turned red: "This matter is of great importance... The poor monk... The poor monk wants to go to Ling Zhenren to discuss..."

Lord Diulei: "?"

...

Wang Family Villa. Wang Ling quickly received feedback from the monk.

Sons of the Void with twin constitutions.

Even Wang Ling didn't expect this.

However, this further confirms Wang Ling's initial judgment.

All along, there was a hand behind the scenes that was secretly fueling the fire and guiding their actions.

The shadow of Sun Rong...

What should it be called?

Sun Ying?

It sounds like a boy's name.

It's not cute either.

"Did Ling Zhenren think of something?" The monk saw Wang Ling looking thoughtful. He was not very curious.

Monks also have the ability to read minds. However, this ability is only invalid for Wang Ling.

Only large mosaics can be read.

"Name."Wang Ling is concise and to the point.

"Ling Zhenren means that he is thinking about Miss Sun's shadow. What name should be better." Survival Heavenly Dao worked as a translator on the side.

"..." The monk was stunned.

I admire Wang Ling in my heart.

At this point, I still have time to think about the name... As expected of you!

At this time, the work of drawing symbols to survive Heavenly Dao has not stopped.

And now there is no one to help him.

Er Ha has absorbed the soul of the new female prairie dog. It is being digested. It needs to be in seclusion for a period of time.

Lord Ma used his teleportation ability to teleport it back to the demon world.

Now, Er Ha is on the holy pillar of the demon world. It is in retreat with the help of the retreat room dedicated to the second-generation demon saint. It is protected by the holy envoy Shen Wuyue.

Only Er Ha can enjoy this kind of treatment.

All for the sake of Wang Ling!

If other demon beasts dared to ride on the neck of the demon saint, they would have been beaten to death long ago.

Surviving Heavenly Dao Thinking of this, I feel more and more that their status as Heavenly Dao is getting smaller and smaller...

It is estimated that by the time Er Ha comes out of the game, even Er Ha will be able to face Heavenly Dao for output.

They Heavenly Dao. It's really hard!

"Sun Ying. It really doesn't sound like a girl's name."

The monk smiled and said: "The poor monk has a good idea."

At this time, Wang Ling raised his eyes and stared at the monk. At this moment, the monk said his answer: "It is better to split the word shadow into a word three and a word scenery. Sun Sanjing... this The name. The poor monk thinks it's pretty good!"

Wang LingAfter listening, he was shocked on the spot along with the survivor Heavenly Dao beside him.

God?? Not bad...

Wang Ling thought he was a waste of names.

I didn't expect to meet someone who was more interested in naming than myself...

"Let's call her Sun Ying..." Wang Ling thought for a long time. Before I felt that there was no better answer, Sun Ying sounded more pleasant to my ears.

At least. It's much more reliable than the name Sun Sanjing...

In a daze, Wang Ling remembered the real name of the author of this book.

After taking it apart, it is called Jin Sanshi.

Also very rustic...

"The top priority now is to find Miss Sun Ying's whereabouts," the monk said.

In fact, I was thinking of a name for Wang Ling.

He was already looking for Sun Ying. Only magic can defeat magic.

Spells can defeat spells.

Naturally. Only the shadow can find the shadow...

Wang Ying is a natural tool man. Wang Ling cannot be left alone.

At the same time, Wang Ling was also curious about what Sun Ying was doing.

Wang Ying's cruelty back then. Wang Ling has already experienced it.

"Don't use your thoughts to judge the personalities of our shadows. Each shadow that awakens its own consciousness has a different personality."

In the mental space, Wang Ying was crossing her arms and protesting: "Miss Sun Ying, maybe she is a gentle shadow."

Hearing this, Wang Ling was silent for a moment.

He was not in a hurry to refute. Anyway, as long as Wang Ying found the other party's location, he would know what kind of existence Sun Ying was.

"You have to be careful."

Before separating Wang Ying from the mental space. Wang Ling proactively reminds.

Although he thinks Sun Ying will not be Wang Ying's opponent.

However, since Sun Ying is another son of the void, it is very likely that he has obtained the full power of the void.

There are similarities between shadows and ethereal spirits. They are both incorporeal existences.

And the Son of the Void is different from ordinary Void Spirits.

If Sun Ying was fully awakened, his combat power would be much stronger than that of the virtual spirit that broke into the spiritual space last time.

Wang Ying ignored Wang Ling's words at all. He turned into a black shadow and quickly fled into the outside world.

"Let's get going."

At this time, Wang Ling felt like he couldn't stay idle any longer.

"Are you going to an unspeakable place?" The monk was startled.

Their scheduled time was originally tomorrow.

But since we have decided to take action in advance, Monk Jin Deng naturally has no objections: "Since Zhenren thinks it is feasible, then the poor monk will open the way."

After saying that, the monk took out a map of the extraterrestrial galaxy and spread it out on the ground.

There are clear coordinates of the unspeakable place on it.

"Ling Zhenren. This is an unspeakable place. It is in the deepest part of the extraterrestrial galaxy. And there are many space traps nearby. Based on the experience of the poor monk who has repeatedly entered them, there are some safety rules. You need to communicate with Ling Zhenren first." Monk After saying that, he pointed at the dozen "red cross" marks on the map.

"..."

"These red crosses are places that need to be avoided. Even if you use the power of shrinking to an inch, if you accidentally step inside, it will be extremely troublesome to escape. Although the strength of the poor monk and Ling Zhenren will not escape I can't get away with it. But it still wastes time after all."

The monk kept talking about what he thought were safety rules.

At this moment, he finally showed his essence of an old monk chanting sutras: "Zhenren, please look. There are also here, here and here...those places are responsible for the cosmic storm. After being sucked into it, the clothes will disappear. Previously The poor monk fell in several times and lost a lot of cassocks."

"..."

"Okay. That's it for the poor monk's safety details. The poor monk will lead the way. It will take 3 days to set off from the earth to the unspeakable place."

Does it need to be so troublesome...

Wang Ling sighed inwardly.

He stood in front of his closet and recited the mantra silently.

After reopening the closet.

The wardrobe was filled with stars. It was a sea of stars.

And the place that symbolizes the unspeakable place, which exists like a floating island in the universe, is right in front of Wang Ling.

It actually takes 3 days to reach the unspeakable place?

Three seconds.

That's enough.





Chapter 1328 Wang Ling comes out to the monk


Wang Ling's wardrobe can accommodate the stars and the sea.

It is a spirit specially enlightened for the universe. It can be locked to any corner of the universe.

However, after opening the cabinet, only people with an IQ over 300 can see the universe inside the cabinet.

Therefore. Wang Ling's wardrobe is also called the "Emperor's New Cabinet"...

Reaching the unspeakable place. It is not difficult for Wang Ling.

What Wang Ling didn't expect was.

He actually came out as gay with a monk.

At this time, Monk Jin Deng was extremely desperate.

He could actually expect that if Wang Ling led the way, he might reach the unspeakable place much earlier than he did.

Maybe just three hours?

But the monk never expected that Wang Ling would find the unspeakable place in three seconds with just one coordinate.

The huge disparity in strength made the monk feel hurt.

He felt that he had to practice hard for at least 300 million lives to reach this level...

As expected of Ling Zhenren.

The fastest man in the universe.

"Let's go and have a look."

Wang Ling sent a message to the monk.

Then, I stepped into the closet and came to the universe.

The monk followed closely behind. After he took his steps.

The closet door banged and was quickly closed.

The monk felt like he had seen this scene in a detective cartoon.

At this time, Wang Ling's eyes were fixed on the floating island in the universe that was wrapped in a layer of light film in front of him.

Even Wang Ling. was shocked by such a magical place created by great magic power.

Is that the Unspeakable Place established by Dao Ancestor Wang?

Everything is just as the monk said at the beginning.

The Unspeakable Land looks like a golden egg of Dharma light from a distance.

The outermost protective light film is relatively easy to break through. It shines outside like an egg shell.

And "yolk" is the essence of the unspeakable place.

--A gorgeous floating island shining with golden light.

From the straight line of sight, Wang Ling also feels that the unspeakable place is very close to him.

But it is this close distance. The monk tried countless times but failed to reach the hinterland smoothly.

For many years, this has been a major regret in the monk's heart. It is also a knot that he cannot untie.

"It's not difficult to break through the outer layer of light film. The key lies in the middle layer of egg white, which is the circle of chaos." The monk said.

The monk had already said this to Wang Ling when we were in the temple before.

Wang Ling knows it by heart.

Naturally, I also understand the stakes involved.

He flew into the void and quickly flew over with the monk. Then he raised his sword fingers together and made a hole in the outermost light film.

It's an understatement. It's really powerful.

This made the monk's mouth twitch again.

He didn't expect Wang Ling to get in without using any fancy spells at all...

Although he himself can break through the light film.

But when he entered, he had to hit the light film hundreds of times before he could barely break through a gap and enter.

"What's wrong?"Wang Ling felt something was wrong with the monk's expression.

"It's okay. I just want to say that Zhenren is awesome..." The monk closed his eyes and performed a Buddhist salute.

Fortunately, his state of mind over the years was not in vain.

Otherwise, in the face of this huge sense of gap, I might have become autistic long ago.

Successfully entered the second level of the circle of chaos.

Wang Ling immediately realized that his body was experiencing the impact of the power of chaos.

Normal cultivators will feel very painful.

But Wang Ling is different.

He felt like he had stepped into a jacuzzi.

Quite comfortable.

The monk stared at Wang Ling's expression. Something felt wrong.

He often felt the urge to overturn the table.

What kind of trouble is going on with this happy face!!!

In this second level of chaos, a monk will not last long.

Although there is no special physical discomfort.

But when you enter here, you won't feel as comfortable as Wang Ling... when you see the monk's expression of defeat.

Wang Ling thought the monk couldn't hold on anymore. He stretched out his hand and hit the monk with a golden light.

This is Wang Ling's "Supreme Protective Golden Light."

It is considered a special and exclusive magic weapon.

It's just that Wang Ling's physical body is too strong. Usually this golden light is of no use.

Now it can be distributed to monks.

With the blessing of this "golden light of supreme protection", the monk's ability to resist the power of chaos instantly increased.

He finally felt it. The feeling of being soaked in a "Jacuzzi."

"It feels so good...why does it feel so good..."

The monk couldn't help but make a sound.

It is hard to imagine that an eminent monk would show such an expression.

Wang Ling felt that he was blind. He quickly took another step forward, trying to move towards the core area.

He took one step forward and turned himself into a light-like existence. He completed the long-distance shuttle almost in an instant.

This is not "shrinking the ground into an inch." It is a far stronger movement technique than "shrinking the ground into an inch."

Wang Ling named it "An in of time."

Every time Wang Ling takes a step, the monk has to use Shrinkage 100 times in a row to catch up.

This made the monk feel a little strenuous.

At the same time, I was once again shocked by the "power possessed by non-human cultivators" in Wang Ling.

An unspeakable place. Extremely close to Wang Ling.

Just based on the visual distance. Wang Ling determines that it only needs to cast "An in of time" twice to reach the hinterland.

But now, he has taken a full 10 steps.

The unspeakable place in front of them was clearly right in front of them. However, the distance between them never shortened.

"Interesting."Wang Ling whispered two words.

In a sense, Dao Ancestor Wang, the "forbidden maniac", also created a problem for Wang Ling.

"Dao Ancestor Wang's prohibition is well-deserved... Back then, the poor monk suffered repeated defeats. I don't know if I am here with Ling Zhenren today. Can he fulfill the poor monk's long-cherished wish to enter the unspeakable place."

At this time, the monk sighed. He stared at Wang Ling: "I think with Zhenren's strength, it shouldn't be difficult to unlock the restriction, right?"

The monk is testing.

If Wang Ling wants to solve it, of course it can be solved...

It's just that the restriction is complicated. Wang Ling has already made this analogy a long time ago.

It's like an arithmetic problem.

If you want to solve it, the best way is to work backwards.

But this takes a long, long time.

In fact, now that time is tight, there is not that much time left for Wang Ling.

"It's too much trouble."

Wang Ling shook his head slightly and answered the monk's words.

"Does even Zhenren find it troublesome..." Disappointment suddenly appeared on the monk's face.

However, before he could express further opinions, Wang Ling said again: "Just overwrite it."

"Overwrite...overwrite?"

The monk's eyes lit up and he showed a shocked expression: "What Zhenren means is that you want to directly cover the prohibition imposed by Dao Ancestor Wang?"

Wang Ling nodded.

This is what he thought of. The most convenient way.

The parsing process is too cumbersome.

Might as well create a new ban. Replace all the old ones...

Wang Ling stretched out his hand. A huge red-gold light was released from his palm.

This light covers the entire unspeakable land.

About 3 minutes later.

Wang Ling put your hands down.

"It's done?" The monk was stunned.

"It's done."Wang Ling nodded.

The ban has been modified.

"What was changed?" the monk was curious.

"Anyone who can withstand more than 10 of my palms (including 10 palms) can enter." Wang Ling's message.

"..." Monk Jin Deng.





Chapter 1329 Shadow's Trap


On the other side. Room 331 of the Office of Strategic Deception.

Crispy Noodles Dao Lord used {primer} to move the medical cabin here.

And currently lying in the main hall of the Office of Strategic DeceptionTrue Venerated Immortal is another fake body of Sun Rong.

There are two people, Zhenyuan Immortal and Ajuan girl, guarding the temple here.

This is a temporary "matryoshka-style blindfold" for the safety of the real body.

Although it may not necessarily work, it is at least a layer of protection.

"How many bodies did Boss Luo create for Sun Rong's junior classmate..." Zhuo Yi was stunned.

Finally, she came into close contact with Crispy Noodles Dao Lord. The girl looked at this face that looked very similar to Wang Ling. She seemed hesitant to speak.

"Crispy Noodles Dao Lord is a very amiable person. If you want to ask me anything, you don't have to be polite." Zhuo Yi smiled and encouraged.

"That..."

Then Sun Rong finally spoke. She looked at the young man in front of her and asked politely: "Senior, have we met somewhere?"

Crispy Noodles Dao Lord thought for a while and replied truthfully: "Jiulong Mountain. Physical Arts Competition."

"Physical skills competition..." Sun Rong thought carefully. Suddenly, a scene came to mind that was completely different from Wang Ling's usual style of behavior: "Senior, are you writing an essay? Sometimes. I replaced my classmate Wang Ling..."

Crispy Noodles Dao Lord was slightly surprised by the girl's extremely fast thinking and reaction ability.

But since it has been exposed, there is no need to hide it: "Yes. I did replace Little Master Ling when he was writing the article. At that time, he was fighting with his own shadow in the universe."

"I'm just telling you! Classmate Wang Ling's essay. How come it suddenly got such a high score."

Sun Rong laughed happily: "It turns out that seniors are just a speck of ashes in this era!"

Crispy Noodles Dao Lord scratched his head and felt a little embarrassed: "Miss Sun was joking. I was just performing normally. I didn't expect it to be like this. This matter has caused a lot of trouble to the owner. It's really a technical job."

Sun Rong nodded. I couldn't agree more: "I can't learn it either... It's easy to get a hundred percent score. It's really difficult to get an average score."

"How do you deduce that the master was subcontracted when he was writing the essay?"

At this time, Crispy Noodles Dao Lord asked curiously.

"It's very simple. First of all, the words are different."

The girl answered easily: "In the competition, the senior wrote the composition on behalf of classmate Wang Ling. Although the handwriting is also very beautiful, it is obviously not the handwriting of classmate Wang Ling. The handwriting of classmate Wang Ling is thin Gold body. As for the calligraphy of the senior..."

"I am a fat golden body."

"Yes, yes! It just feels a little thicker than usual."

"My font is just a little thicker than the master's."

"???"

"Then let me ask Miss Sun. Are there any other differences?"

"Of course there is." Sun Rong nodded: "Everyone was communicating with each other when writing essays in a group. I feel like the seniors talked a lot that day..."

"But I only said three sentences in total."

"Compared to classmate Wang Ling who usually doesn't say a word. This is an obvious abnormality."

"Hey." Crispy Noodles Dao Lord sighed. Unexpectedly, he tried his best to imitate Wang Ling, but still showed flaws.

"But I think this is good. Seniors don't have to deliberately imitate classmate Wang Ling."

At this time, Sun Rong said with a smile: "I am now communicating with my seniors. It feels like I am talking to one of the personalities of my classmate Wang Ling."

"As long as Miss Sun is happy." Crispy Noodles Dao Lord smiled.

There is an obvious difference from Wang Ling. This makes Sun Rong find it very interesting.

What did she look like when she laughed in the illusion Wang Ling countless times.

"Senior. Can you laugh again?"

At this time. Sun Rong took out his hand-drawing tools.

She wanted to find the smile of Wang Ling in Crispy Noodles Dao Lord.

"no problem."

Crispy Noodles Dao Lord is very cooperative and smiles naturally.

The eyebrows are curved.

White teeth....

On the other side. Wang Ying ran out of the Wang family's small villa.

He tracked it all the way to the western depths of the extraterrestrial galaxy. He just stopped.

He began to realize that something was wrong.

If Miss Sun Ying is heading for the Unspeakable Land, the coordinates of the Unspeakable Land are east of the Milky Way outside the territory.

And here. Completely two directions.

"Have you finally discovered it? But... it's too late." A cold voice sounded in the space.

The countless black shadows around turned into a hair-like substance that continued to float in the air. Finally, it condensed into the figure of the girl.

The Sun Ying in front of me has exactly the same appearance as Sun Rong. But like Wang Ying, he also has White Hair.

The long white hair is even longer than the body. It is like ice silk hanging upside down.

"The perfect body of void." Wang Ying frowned slightly.

The aura on Sun Ying's body made him feel something bad.

Sure enough, everything was as they initially guessed.

The body of classmate Sun Rong was temporarily stagnant due to the separation of body and soul.

But her shadow became completely empty.

Moreover, Wang Ying could detect that the energy in Miss Sun Ying's body was astonishing. It was far beyond the reach of ordinary virtual spirits.

If we really have to fight, this might be a difficult opponent?

"Sun Ying?" Wang Ying looked at the girl in front of him.

"Don't call me Sun Ying. My name is Sun Ying'er. It's okay if you call me Ying'er."

Sun Ying'er said: "I have been her shadow for too long. I have long wanted to get rid of her."

"Do you want to imitate me when I took my body?"

Wang Ying is also a shadow. Wang Ying can roughly understand Sun Ying'er's thoughts: "I tell you, this is impossible. You have to fight back. Seizing the body is the key. But in the Office of Strategic Deception. Sun Rong There are too many people protecting the girl now. And you will be dragged here by me. Or even defeated by me."

"If you want to defeat me, I'm afraid it won't be that easy."

Sun Ying'er smiled: "You probably don't know my photography ability yet, right?"

Wang Ying frowned.

"My shadow ability is the mother of splitting. I can split myself into many. And all split bodies have the same huge energy as me."

"This is impossible!"

"Theoretically speaking, this is indeed impossible. Because the energy contained in the split body is far from reaching the level of the original body. But don't forget. I am the son of the void. The energy of the void is obtained from Inexhaustible."

Sun Ying'er smiled and said: "Having the power of void at the same time. This makes my photography ability even more amazing."

"You mean..." At this point, Wang Ying finally realized what the problem was!

"That's right. What you have been tracking is just my split body."

Sun Ying'er looked at Wang Ying and showed an expression of complete control: "And my mother body is still hidden on the earth."

...

At the same time, a girl with white hair exuding a dangerous aura appeared at the entrance to the Office of Strategic Deception.

She opened her palms. A pure white snow lotus mixed with the power of the void appeared and rotated slightly in her palms.

"Rongrong. Come back to the void with me." Sun Ying'er smiled and threw the snow lotus away.

In the void, the swirling snow lotus contained amazing energy. Then it exploded. In an instant, it lit up the entire night sky...





Chapter 1330 My matrix is endless


The petals of the Void Snow Lotus bloomed in the air. The endless void energy instantly formed a huge devouring fire, burning a huge hole in the entire space.

Broken buildings, rocks and rubble were all swept in along with the blasted holes. There were even many disciples of the Office of Strategic Deception who were very close to the core area and had no time to escape.

"Enemy attack! Enemy attack!"

The disciples of the Office of Strategic Deception immediately noticed something strange.

The alarm sounded immediately covering the sect.

"Huh. A bunch of trash fish."

Sun Ying'er ignored the disciples who poured out of the Office of Strategic Deception. With a wave of his hand, he destroyed the forbidden formation jointly arranged by the disciples of the Office of Strategic Deception.

"You want to trap me with such a level of confinement? How naive."

Sun Ying'er was too lazy to pay attention to these Office of Strategic Deception disciples jumping around.

Buzz!

The aura of void was released from her body. It was so strong that it shocked the soul.

Those Office of Strategic Deception disciples floating in the void were like falling meteors. They fell heavily to the ground and then fell into a pit. They could not get up no matter what.

Under such strong oppression, every disciple was trembling.

I feel like a firefly competing with the sun and the moon. Extremely humble.

"This...isn't this the Sun Rong girl...what's going on..."

"Hen!"

These Office of Strategic Deception disciples are puzzled.

The sudden attack had left them all stunned.

There is already one lying here.

Why is there another one here?

"As expected of Senior Crispy Noodles Dao Lord... It is exactly what he thought. She is here." At this time, in the True Venerated Immortal Hall, the Zhenyuan Immortals felt strong energy fluctuations from outside.

"Hmph! No matter who comes, I will protect Miss Sun's body." Miss Ajuan took out the divine feather sword and treated it seriously.

There is no reason to be so concerned.

She hopes to take advantage of this opportunity to further deepen her relationship with Wang Ling...

The earth has been upgraded.

Heavenly Dao star is still poor now.

If you want to make Heavenly Dao take a step forward, it can only be achieved by relying on the power of Wang Ling.

So in essence, this is also a small calculation of Miss Ajuan as the King of the Divine Realm.

"What are the chances of winning if we work together?" asked the immortal man from Zhenyuan.

"I don't say whether she can win or not. She will definitely not get any advantage." Miss Ajuan was full of confidence.

Although she is still a very weak King of the God Realm.

But... we can't use her as a legal lolita as a cadre!

When she is fully developed, she will be very powerful!

"We have to lead her to other places... Our sect has just been built. She just blew up a building worth 300 million immortal gold." The immortal from Zhenyuan wiped his sweat.

At this time, in front of the main hall, Sun Ying'er's figure arrived here at some unknown time.

Then right in front of the immortal people of Zhenyuan, Sun Ying'er split into two.

"Split body???"

The immortal man of Zhenyuan and the girl Ajuan were shocked at the same time.

The key is that the energy contained in this split body is not inferior to the original body at all! It can be said to be almost exactly the same!

"This..."

"I'm afraid the other party has noticed that the body in the True Venerated Immortal Hall has been replaced." Miss Ajuan frowned.

"Underground there are Lord Zhuo, Heavenly Dao and Crispy Noodles Dao Lord. The target of the main body is there."

"It seems that we must deal with the two split bodies in front of us as soon as possible and go to support." In the mental space, Miss Ajuan and Zhenyuan Immortal were talking.

Sun Ying'er is far more difficult than they imagined.

"Want to support? It doesn't exist." The two Sun Ying'ers who appeared in the True Venerated Immortal hall had a clear goal.

Each of them targeted an opponent and started a one-on-one contest.

And in order not to cause further damage to the Office of Strategic Deception.

The reactions of Zhenyuan Immortal and Miss Ajuan were also synchronized.

The two actually sacrificed their core world at the same time.

Sun Ying'er was nestled inside like a matryoshka doll.

The purpose of the split body is only to delay the battle and prevent support from happening.

For Sun Ying'er, the goal has been completely achieved. Before coming to the Office of Strategic Deception, she had already figured out the details of everyone here.

No one can escape.

The only troublesome characters in Office of Strategic Deception are probably Crispy Noodles Dao Lord and Lord Diulei who is taking the sword.

That's right. Jingke and Bai Qiao are doing maintenance at Luo Pangzi's shop.

The situation there should be similar to that of Zhenyuan Immortal people.

Just to be on the safe side.

Sun Ying'er sent a total of 10 splinter bodies there.

Even with Jingke and Bai Qiao here, it would be enough to delay it for a while.

It is actually not difficult to destroy her. But the key is that she can use the energy of the void to replicate and split without limit.

And this is also one of Sun Ying'er's biggest trump cards.

"Even if the entire earth is destroyed, I will take you Rongrong away."

At this time, Sun Ying'er looked at the sky.

Before her ultimate trump card is fully revealed, she still needs to delay for a while.

The energy of the void is still 60% away from being fully assembled...

At that time, she will make the final judgment on the earth in the name of the new master.

Earth Spirit: "?"

...

Office of Strategic Deception retreats in the cellar. Huge energy fluctuations on the ground are directly transmitted to the depths of the earth.

All the retreat rooms were shaking.

"It's amazing... Son of the Void. So terrifying." Heavenly Dao frowned deeply. He never thought that the Son of the Void contained such amazing energy in his body.

"Senior, what are your chances of winning?" Zhuo Yi asked with some worry.

He himself has also fought against the virtual spirit. He knows how powerful the virtual spirit is.

However, Sun Ying'er has appeared now. The huge energy hidden in his body cannot be matched by the virtual spirit.

"This... seems to be stronger than the Lord of the Void..." Death Heavenly Dao was surprised.

"Why is this happening?"

"There should be a system of inheritance in the Void... Once the Son of the Void is formed, the energy of the Lord of the Void will begin to transfer... and this inheritance ceremony should have started a long time ago..."

Death Heavenly Dao guessed: "Otherwise, Miss Sun's shadow would not have been able to reach perfection so quickly."

"So that means that once the Lord of the Void completes transmitting all his energy... the shadow of Sun Rong's school girl will be the next Lord of the Void?"

"That's absolutely true! And what's even more troublesome is that Miss Sun's shadow. The shadowing ability seems to be split. With the endless void energy in the void, she can theoretically copy and split the body without limit..."

"Unlimited copying and splitting?"Zhuo Yi was startled.

Then won't Wang Ying be very happy in the future?

Boom!

At this moment, another huge hole appeared in front.

Sun Ying'er's true form appears here.

This is 3,600 meters underground...

"There is a marmot sealed in this water tower. But now there is another humanoid marmot..." Zhuo Yi wiped his sweat.

Inside the Golden Lotus. Sun Rong's mouth twitched. He felt a little offended.

"Rongrong. Come back with me. This way, we can avoid the death of many people." At this moment, Sun Ying'er stared at Sun Rong in the Golden Lotus with a smile on his face.

"Don't listen to her. Sun Rong girl!"

At this moment, Crispy Noodles Dao Lord stood up. His eyes were fixed on Sun Ying'er: "Although my combat power is not as good as the master. But don't underestimate me!"

"Really? Even if the earth is destroyed, it doesn't matter?" Sun Ying'er laughed.

"As long as the master is here, destruction is destruction. Anyway, it can be repaired." Crispy Noodles Dao Lord said firmly.

Earth Spirit: "?"





Chapter 1331 Jin Deng's great enlightenment


Something happened at the Office of Strategic Deception.

Although Lord Diulei was in Luo Pangzi's shop.

However, one can also feel a powerful energy fluctuation originating from the direction of the Office of Strategic Deception.

"Brother Luo, can you go faster?" Lord Diulei asked.

The maintenance process cannot be interrupted. This is one of Boss Luo's nursing rules.

Especially when it comes to Jingke's maintenance. Boss Luo will naturally never be vague.

From what Lord Diulei said, it seems like something big happened at the Office of Strategic Deception.

Luo Pangzi had no choice but to speed up the work at hand: "Don't worry, Zhenjun. It will be done soon."

That's what he said, but he still felt a little reluctant to let go.

Jingke and Bai Qiao...well, mainly Jingke. It's rare to have them in his hands for maintenance.

He hasn't touched enough yet. He's about to be taken away again!

How can it be repaired!

After Luo Pangzi applied the last layer of maintenance lubricant, he quickly separated the sword body and scabbard and handed them to Lord Diulei's left and right hands.

At the same time, Luo Pangzi also frowned deeply: "Zhenjun, do you feel... that energy wave seems to be getting closer?"

Something is indeed wrong!

Lord Diulei frowned deeply.

He holds Jingke and Bai Qiao.

As soon as I opened the door, I saw a row of White HairSun Ying'ers standing neatly at the door of the store and smiling at me.

--There are as many as ten!

"Are you...Miss Sun's shadow?"

Almost instantly. Combined with what happened before, Lord Diulei understood what was happening in front of him.

Monk Jin Deng had long predicted that Sun Ying'er might be detrimental to the Office of Strategic Deception. That's why he asked him to take out Jingke and Bai Qiao from Boss Luo's store in advance. Unexpectedly, he actually said that. middle.

And Lord Diulei guessed it right away. The ten Sun Ying'ers in front of him were probably split bodies derived from Sun Ying'er's Shadow ability...

Surprisingly, the energy of each split body is so huge!

This is something Lord Diulei never expected.

"As expected of the true king. It seems that you have guessed everything." The ten split-body Sun Ying'er said almost in unison.

Their speaking speed and intonation were exactly the same. It was like ten repeaters playing at the same time.

"What's your purpose?"

"The backlash is the main thing. Then bring Rongrong back to the void together."

"You think you can succeed easily?" Lord Diulei smiled.

There are Jingke and Bai Qiao here!

Even if there are 100 Sun Ying'ers, he will not be afraid.

"True Lord, you can give it a try."

At this time, ten Sun Ying'er stretched out their hands at the same time. The black shadows in their hands were activated. They rushed from all directions and finally completely engulfed Lord Diulei into a dark world.

This is the core world of shadow. Every splinter can use the power of this core world.

Now. When ten Sun Ying'ers sacrifice their core worlds at the same time,

The area of the core world also increased instantly. It became ten times its original size.

Her purpose is just to drag out the fight.

Even if she is absorbed into the core world like Zhenyuan immortal and Miss Ajuan, Sun Ying'er is fearless.

But the opponents she faces now are not just Lord Diulei.

The mahogany sword and scabbard in this man's hand are the biggest threat.

So after comprehensive consideration, the split-body Sun Ying'er immediately decided to take the first step and swallow Lord Diulei into his core world, thus realizing the clever plan of closing the door and beating the dog.

After being absorbed into the dark core world, Lord Diulei could not help but feel turbulent.

The energy of the ten split bodies of Sun Ying'er is astonishingly huge.

Now they are merged and stacked together. Lord Diulei feels like he has difficulty breathing.

As soon as he came to this core world, he felt a weight of relief on his body. It was like the pressure of several mountains sank heavily on his shoulders.

"Master Jingke. Master Bai Qiao! Don't sleep anymore! It's time to get up. It's time to go to work!"

Lord Diulei shouted loudly.

Then, he suddenly inserted Jingke into the scabbard!

...

This is a huge crisis that the Office of Strategic Deception has faced since its inception.

Almost all core members have fought against the split body of Sun Ying'er. Wang Ling has also become aware of this.

"Zhenren wants to go back and take a look?" the monk asked. He was also worried about the situation at the Office of Strategic Deception.

Wang Ling shook his head.

Now, it's not his turn to take action yet.

As long as he is here.

Naturally, we can ensure that Sun Rong is safe and sound.

Sun Ying'er is a good opponent.

Strong enough. And it can also split.

From Wang Ling's point of view, this can be regarded as an experience for all the core members of the Office of Strategic Deception.

Although Sun Ying'er is powerful, it is not easy to take Sun Rong away like this.

I have my own considerations when I see Wang Ling.

Monk Jin Deng was naturally inconvenient to say anything.

In front of us. Wang Ling finally arrived at the legendary unspeakable place.

This magnificent floating island in the universe is filled with the aura created by the supreme law. The sight of it is mind-blowing.

"It is indeed a place built by Dao Ancestor..." The monk could already feel the powerful Heavenly Dao aura permeating inside.

Although these Heavenly Dao are all defective products, they are all original versions of the ancient Heavenly Dao!

He finally came in!

All this is thanks to Ling Zhenren!

Years of wish finally came true at this moment.

The monk felt that a knot in his heart that had been hindering him for a long time finally melted away like ice that had been frozen for thousands of years.

A warm current surged into the monk's heart.

Wang Ling saw that the whole body of Monk Jin Deng was exuding golden Buddha light.

This is a sign of enlightenment.

The monk actually had an epiphany after entering the unspeakable place. Because the knot in his heart was resolved...

Wang Ling looked at the scene in front of him, slightly surprised.

"I'm back...everything is back..." At this time, the monk was sitting cross-legged on the shore of the unspeakable place. His whole body was covered with Buddha's light.

It exudes the power of Buddha nature that can save all sentient beings and transcend the other side.

Is this the sage of Buddhism...

Wang Ling feels like I have learned a lot more.

He is indeed a man who can survive ten palms of his own.

And. Wang Ling found that the monk's combat power was gradually recovering. He was even stronger than before!

The previous monk had lost 3000 lifetimes of cultivation and a swastika. Only the outline of Wang Ling could be seen clearly.

Those lost cultivations. Wang Ling wanted to return it to the monk at that time. However, the monk declined.

Now, after the enlightenment, the light of Buddhism in the monk made this lost power return again.

Through King's Eyes. Wang Ling can clearly see the three Buddha fires entrenched in the monk's heart at this time.

"Past Buddha Fire", "Present Buddha Fire" and "Future Buddha Fire"...

so it is.

Wang Ling already understands what happened in the monk's body.

The power of enlightenment stimulated the monk to give birth to the "Buddha Fire of the Past", allowing the lost power to be recovered.

Even the 10 lifetimes of cultivation previously lost in the land abandoned by the gods have been recovered!

"Now the Buddha's Fire" makes the monk achieve great enlightenment, consolidates his own realm, and prevents the lost cultivation from passing away.

To put it simply. If the monk activates the swastika now, he will peek at Wang Ling.

Blindness is certain. But it can no longer affect your cultivation.

And the last "Buddha Fire of the Future" made the monk's cultivation even more refined, and he suddenly realized a new Buddhist palm technique!

"Thanks to Ling Zhenren! This poor monk has a chance to gain enlightenment!"

A few minutes later, the enlightened monk finally stood up. He sincerely thanked Wang Ling: "If you have time, please Ling Zhenren, please hit me a few more times. I want to test whether there is really no loss of cultivation." ."

"..."

Wang Ling feels that the monk should open his mind.





Chapter 1332 Original Heavenly Dao·Evil Golden Men


At this time. Wang Ling stood on the edge of the golden shoreline of the Unspeakable Land.

Perceive this cosmic floating island buried deep in the eastern part of the extraterrestrial galaxy built by Dao Ancestor Wang using the supreme law.

I can only say that Dao Ancestor Wang deserves to be called Dao Ancestor Wang. This kind of law building Wang Ling has never been seen before.

It is equivalent to creating a huge core world outside.

There are many things built using laws.

Take True Immortal as an example. The inherent spiritual realm is constructed by laws.

Most True Immortals can do it if they want to.

Because the scope of the inherent spiritual realm is not particularly large.

And if the rules were more complicated.

That is the "Core World."

That is, in the traditional sense, an upgraded version of the "inherent spiritual realm."

Both the composition and scale of the laws far exceed the inherent spiritual realm.

True Immortal realm. Only a handful of people can open up the core world in the True Immortal realm.

As for moving the core world out of the body, that is an unimaginable operation.

The unspeakable place created by Dao Ancestor Wang. At the very least, it is a core world size of 100 million True Immortals...

Not only did he build such a huge core world outside, he was also able to maintain the stable shape of the world here for a long time without collapsing.

This is truly unimaginable and unparalleled power.

He felt that he had learned a lot during this observation.

The world is so big. For Wang Ling, going out and seeing more is also growth.

But now, there is nothing left to see in the Unspeakable Land for Wang Ling.

Because. He has already finished reading it.

Wang Ling slowly raised his hand.

This action seemed familiar to the monk: "Zhenren is this?"

"Empty."

Wang Ling's answer. Concise and to the point.

"Zhenren doesn't plan to go in and take a look?" The monk was shocked.

"I'm done reading."

"..."

The monk was speechless.

He sighed in his heart. This may be the difference between "a top student" and a "scumbag."

Same question. A top student will know the answer just by glancing at the question.

He, a scumbag, had to study deeply and analyze the question types before he could solve it.

All I can say is that he is indeed Ling Zhenren.

This moment.

The monk once again felt the deep gap between himself and Wang Ling.

This kind of gap is no longer enough to be described with: "Ling Zhenren is awesome (broken sound)."

It should be said: "Ling Zhenren! God forever!"

Seeing the monk's expression of curiosity written on his face, Wang Ling finally put down his raised hand first.

Although destroying the Unspeakable Land was their ultimate plan when they came here.

But when the victory is certain, it doesn't matter if it is destroyed later. Since the monk wants to take another look, Wang Ling naturally has to take care of the monk's thoughts.

After all, he will still have a use for the monk in the future.

Moreover, the war situation on Earth. Although Sun Ying'er is coming fiercely, Wang Ling feels that the core members of the Office of Strategic Deception are not at a disadvantage.

It would be too boring if he destroyed the Unspeakable Land and joined the battle now.

For Wang Ling.

It was a battle that could be resolved in just a few seconds.

"Thank you Ling Zhenren for making it happen!" Jin Deng was very grateful.

"Yeah." Wang Ling responded lightly. He didn't pay much attention.

Since the monk wants to see it, of course he will fulfill the monk's wish.

At the same time, he also devoted 50% of his energy to peeking at the battle taking place on the earth.

Over there.

A fight has already begun.

...

At the same time, deep in the Unspeakable Land, an evil Golden Men with three heads and six arms woke up.

In the reduced state, it is still ten meters high.

This huge evil Golden Men is the island owner of the Unspeakable Land.

Nickname: Original Heavenly Dao.

Of course, this nickname was not given by Dao Ancestor Wang. It was given by him himself.

"I feel. There is a very strong aura..."

The evil Golden Men open their eyes.

The three marks engraved with ancient characters at the center of the eyebrows are slightly glowing at this time. Translated in modern terms, this actually means "zero zero one."

That's right. This giant evil Golden Men...

It is the earliest Heavenly Dao born in the entire unspeakable land!

That is, the first Heavenly Dao developed after Dao Ancestor Wang created Heavenly Dao!

Although in the end. "Zero Zero One" was not enabled.

He was forever sealed in the Unspeakable Land by Dao Ancestor Wang.

But for the entire history of Heavenly Dao.

Number 001 undoubtedly holds a pivotal position.

Dao Ancestor Wang sealed all the defective Heavenly Dao products he developed behind the "Unspeakable Place."

Zero-One thus renamed itself "Original Heavenly Dao."

Became the boss of an unspeakable place.

Become the island owner here.

"Island owner, someone has landed on the island. It's a monk and a young man..." The evil little Golden Men on the side came forward and asked.

Numbers were also engraved with ancient characters on their foreheads. However, these numbers were very large. Some were three digits, some were four digits... and even six digits and seven digits.

Rumor. Heavenly Dao now.

It was Dao Ancestor Wang who carefully selected 30,000 results from tens of millions of test products!

Dao Ancestor Wang evenly distributes thirty thousand Heavenly Dao across ten universes.

He also divided the three thousand Heavenly Dao and placed restrictions on their union so that the three thousand Heavenly Dao in the ten universes could check and balance each other.

The original Heavenly Dao turned his attention to the edge of the island.

He saw the figure of the monk and Wang Ling.

"I recognize this monk..."

As for the origin of Jin Deng, the original Heavenly Dao actually also heard about it.

He smiled coldly: "I remember that a long time ago, this monk has always wanted to enter here. But despite Dao Ancestor's restriction, he has never been able to break through. I didn't expect that in this cycle of time, this monk would one day succeed."

The reason why the original Heavenly Dao was mainly awakened. Most of them originated from the monk Jin Deng.

That's right. He only felt the monk's breath. Then he woke up.

As for Wang Ling...

"Who is this young man? His disciple?" The original Heavenly Dao has never seen Wang Ling.

"Island Master. What should we do now?"

"This monk is difficult to deal with. No matter how many people you send over, it will probably be useless."

The original Heavenly Dao yawned: "I think it's up to me to do it myself... This unspeakable place is not a place where people can come and leave whenever they want..."

Just a monk. Plus the monk's disciples.

The original Heavenly Dao didn't even pay attention to the two people who broke into the unspeakable place.

He has dominated here for too long.

As the longest-living Heavenly Dao Golden Men among all the Heavenly Dao, the original Heavenly Dao had strong confidence in their own power.

At the same time, he was sealed in an unspeakable place for too long.

In fact, our understanding of all information from the outside world is very limited.

Those evil Golden Men released from the cracks. Although there are cases where they come and go, the round trip time takes a long, long time...

Previously, there were also evil Golden Men on Earth who wanted to report the situation about Wang Ling to the Unspeakable Land.

It's a pity. Those evil Golden Men. were cleared by Wang Ling with one click.

Don't know Wang Ling.

Probably this original Heavenly Dao.

The biggest regret in my life...





Chapter 1333 Office of Strategic Deception failed miserably?


Deep to the west of the Milky Way outside the territory. Here stars and rocks surge and space collapses.

There is a fierce battle between two shadows going on here.

Wang Ying's palm was extremely powerful. It slammed the split Sun Ying'er into the nearest planet!

The girl's figure transformed into a shooting star the moment she was slapped away. It suddenly pierced through the core of the planet.

Boom!

The planet exploded and disappeared into the universe along with the girl's figure.

"It's really difficult..." Wang Ying retracted her palm.

This is the eighth time he has killed the split body.

However, Sun Ying'er's ability to replicate and split was beyond Wang Ying's imagination.

Kill a Sun Ying'er. Immediately another Sun Ying'er will split off and continue fighting with him.

"Give up. Wang Ying." The girl's laughter echoed in the space.

Wang Ying saw a black curse mark across the girl's tall nose. It extended from the face to the girl's body.

This is Sun Ying'er's "Seal of Split." Whenever the girl dies, the Seal of Split will be activated automatically, splitting into a brand new Sun Ying'er.

"I know. Wang Ling is very powerful. But he is in the unspeakable place now."

Sun Ying'er said, with a confident expression on his face: "It's easy to get in, but it's hard to get out."

Wang Ying remained silent.

He determined in his heart that Sun Ying'er must not know that Wang Ling has modified the ban on the Unspeakable Land...

If it is Dao Ancestor Wang's ban. Of course it will not be easy for Wang Ling to come out.

But now. This restriction has been overridden by Wang Ling himself.

In other words.

Now this unspeakable place has long since changed hands.

Directly overriding Dao Ancestor Wang's restriction. Such an unbelievable operation. Of course it is impossible to imagine it with normal brain circuits.

Therefore, after Wang Ying listened, he even felt a little ridiculous.

Sun Ying'er is too confident.

I was fooled without knowing it...

This is the greatest sadness.

At this time, the split body Sun Ying'er was still in front of him. He said eloquently: "Now, your master is trapped in an unspeakable place. Everyone is delayed by my split body. They are just waiting for my final blow. The earth will It will disintegrate in an instant. The Office of Strategic Deception has been completely defeated...I don't know. What's the point of you continuing to fight?"

"Sure enough, the personality of the shadow and the main body are really very different." Wang Ying sneered.

Sun Ying'er's inexplicable confidence made him laugh.

Different from the ontology. Sun Rong's self-confidence is real self-confidence. And it is definitely not the kind of conceited self-confidence.

In comparison, Sun Ying'er seems a bit excessive.

Overconfidence. That is ignorant pride.

Conquer this object of pride.

For Wang Ying, there is actually a great sense of accomplishment.

"Woman. You are playing with fire."

At this time, Wang Ying looked at Sun Ying'er and took a deep breath: "You may not know that my ability is actually copying."

Sun Ying'er of the split body laughed: "Can you split into a split body like me? Even if you can, you are not a member of the void. Where do you get so much energy for you to use?"

Wang Ying stops talking nonsense.

Buzz!

The next moment, a scene happened that shocked the split body Sun Ying'er.

Right before his eyes, Wang Ying actually split himself into dozens of pieces!

And the energy of each split body is the same as Wang Ying himself!

"Don't forget my abilities. I can copy everything except my father's King's Eyes." At this moment, Wang Ying stared at Sun Ying'er and smiled.

Although it took some time to replicate Sun Ying'er's splitting ability, the good news is that everything is under control.

As for the energy required for the split body?

Oh...

Not to mention him.

The man who is now in the Unspeakable Land.

The energy contained in your body... is greater than the energy of ten, one hundred, or eleven million void worlds combined!

Only Wang Ying knows clearly.

The head of his family.

A man who will never be drained!

...

Time goes back five minutes. Crispy Noodles Dao Lord in Office of Strategic Deception is also in trouble.

What he faced was Sun Ying'er's true form. This was more difficult to deal with than the split body.

Zhuo Yi has lent "Yu" to him.

However, the combat power of the "real clone" is limited after all. Just withstanding the pressure of the original body has already made Crispy Noodles Dao Lord extremely difficult.

Zhuo Yi and Death Heavenly Dao carefully protected the girl in the Golden Lotus.

Cooperating with {Thirty-Three Paths of Vitality}. Zhuo Yi opened all the remaining gates from the last fight against the virtual spirit. Cooperating with the death of Heavenly Dao, they jointly set up a defensive array.

Securely protect Sun Rong in the golden mask.

Sun Rong is moved.

In front of you. What you see. And what you can't see.

Everyone is protecting her.

But in her soul state, she could only watch and couldn't do anything.

There is no way to stop the crazy Sun Ying'er from launching a fierce attack on Crispy Noodles Dao Lord.

"Junior sister Sun Rong, don't think too much! Don't worry. There will be no problem!"

This battle was not easy. But Zhuo Yi spoke to Sun Rong in as relaxed a tone as possible.

The most taboo thing at this time is to shake your mind.

The shadow is such a state of mind...

Once the girl loses her mind, Sun Ying'er will definitely take advantage of it!

Zhuo Yi's words seemed to wake the girl up. Sun Rong's pupils shook: "Senior Zhuo, I will withstand it!"

She came to her senses.

Everyone in front of her is fighting for her...

Then she shouldn't give up easily.

We shouldn't even have the thought that it would be better to follow Sun Ying'er and return to the void.

The pure white snow lotus petals fell rapidly in the air. These gentle petals moved at high speed and turned into deadly sharp objects.

As it passes through the void, it splits the air.

Crispy Noodles Dao Lord holds "Yu" in hand to resist.

He will plunge into the earth.

Buzz! A sound!

A dense 100-foot-long crystal bamboo forest instantly rose up from the ground. These crystal bamboos have super hardness and form a thick defensive barrier.

However, the power of the snow lotus petals is unparalleled. They rush forward in groups.

Countless bamboos were cut away in an instant. They were chopped into bamboo joints. Finally, they turned into particles of light and disappeared.

These light particles fall on the ground. Finally, new crystal bamboo grows again.

"The power of the Son of the Void is too strong." Zhuo Yi marveled inwardly.

The complete Son of the Void is too powerful.

And this doesn't seem to be the full strength of Sun Ying'er. The other party is absorbing the energy transmitted by the Lord of the Void...

The overall combat power will increase as time goes by!

"The second sword in the world is too weak." Death Heavenly Dao complained at the side.

"Senior, please stop being venomous. It's not because you are weak...but because you were stimulated last time. You haven't recovered yet."

"Stimulate?"

"It's not because Lord Jingbai! It took so long to wait and finally chose Fan Rui as his master. In the end, Fan Rui took him directly to find the only man he couldn't beat."

"..."

"That's not all! The man also found his own scabbard..."

"I understand!" Death Heavenly Dao suddenly realized.

It turns out that this is a single dog who was hit hard...

No wonder the performance languishes.

It stands to reason. If "Yu" were a little more serious.

Even if Crispy Noodles Dao Lord is weak in battle, with the blessing of "Yu", he won't be beaten!

"Chi!"

At this time, a piece of pure white petals passed through the dense bamboo forest and accurately hit Crispy Noodles Dao Lord's right eye.

The blood flowed down instantly. Crispy Noodles Dao Lord pressed his eyes and used "Yu" to support his body.

"Rongrong. I said. I will definitely take you away." Sun Ying'er smiled easily.

She looked up at the sky and muttered something in her mouth.

"Void energy...97%. 98%...100%..."

It's all over!

At this moment, Sun Ying'er rises into the sky.

She knew very well that the moment for her to play her last trump card had arrived...

In just a moment, a huge sense of oppression descended on the entire earth!

That is a huge pressure that dominates the world!

Even a cultivator at the True Immortal level could not withstand the pressure. He fell to his knees, his whole body trembling uncontrollably!

Sun Ying'er. has successfully become.

Brand new.

Lord of the Void!





Chapter 1334 Is the earth going to explode again?


The power of the Lord of the Void flourishes...

The huge pressure of the vast sea of stars has suffocated the entire earth.

Crispy Noodles Dao Lord was injured. His body could no longer hold up under such tremendous pressure.

The whole situation seems to have truly reached a point of collapse.

Bang!

The golden light shield constructed by Zhuo Yi and Death Heavenly Dao shattered like glass.

The two of them screamed, coughed up blood, and fell to their knees.

Sun Ying'er was above the void. She raised her hand gently and rolled up Heavenly Dao from the ground.

The power of the void breaks through the gate of the core world and forcibly pulls the Buddha Golden Lotus out of the belly of the Death Heavenly Dao.

This huge pain of forcibly breaking through the core world and snatching it caused Death Heavenly Dao to scream in agony.

His face turned pale. It felt like his body was almost torn apart by Sun Ying'er...

Sun Ying'er's goal is only the Buddha's Golden Lotus. After getting the Golden Lotus.

She waved her hand and threw Death Heavenly Dao casually into the distance.

Death Heavenly Dao's body passed through several mountains one after another.

Boom!

For a moment, the mud flow collapsed, sending out earth-shattering vibrations.

"Rongrong. We can finally be together."

Sun Ying'er held the Golden Lotus in her hand and looked at the girl inside.

At the same time, a curious look appeared on his face: "Huh? You don't seem to be afraid at all? Are you ready to become one with me?"

"You won't succeed." Sun Rong pursed her lips.

"They actually trapped you in the Golden Lotus. That's too much! Rongrong, just wait. I will free you right now."

After saying that, Sun Ying'er used a strong force and completely crushed the Golden Lotus with his bare hands.

The girl's soul immediately turned into a stream of light and returned to her body.

This is the first step towards returning to the void.

Only by returning to the physical body can the inheritance ceremony of the Son of the Void be officially started.

Therefore, even if Wang Ying finds a way to stop the split body, it is already too late...

"I'm already angry. I hope you're ready to pay the price."

Crispy Noodles Dao Lord tried his best to stand in front of the girl.

Sun Rong saw.

At this moment, Crispy Noodles Dao Lord was trembling all over.

The blood gushing out from his injured right arm had wet his clothes.

"Senior Crispy Noodles Dao Lord..."

"Don't come here! Miss Sun! Just stand behind me. No one can get close to you!"

Crispy Noodles Dao Lord is at the front, firmly protecting the girl behind him.

"I didn't expect it. Can you still dance?"

The expression on Sun Ying'er's face was still relaxed and proud: "It's just a trick. This is the final blow."

The void energy in the universe has been gathered.

Next. Just summon the Void Gate. Point the gate at Earth.

With one ultimate void world-destroying cannon, the entire earth can be easily defeated!

But now, she saw a clone trying to save this destined situation.

This made Sun Ying'er feel funny from the bottom of his heart: "You are just a real clone. Even if you have part of that man's power, you cannot be my opponent. And that man is already trapped in an unspeakable place. I won't be able to come back anytime soon."

While speaking, Sun Ying'er was also admiring Crispy Noodles Dao Lord's expression as he withstood her tremendous pressure.

She knows.

This man can hardly hold on any longer.

This huge pressure from the Lord of the Void is acting on all cultivators on earth at the same time.

Only Sun Rong is not affected at all.

After her soul returned to her body, her body was already transforming into a child of the void. She was naturally immune to this pressure.

"Don't hold on anymore. Kneel down." Sun Ying'er's iconic expression of a hidden knife in his smile became even more eye-catching after he became the Lord of the Void.

She stretched out her finger and pressed it down through the air!

I want to see Crispy Noodles Dao Lord surrender and kneel down in front of her.

But at the next moment.

An unexpected scene happened to Sun Ying'er...

The knee was already extremely bent.

The man who was about to fall to his knees straightened his back and stood up again as if ignoring the pressure.

"Eh?"

Sun Ying'er frowned. Something seemed wrong about the situation.

She couldn't figure it out.

A clone that has been seriously injured. Why can it stand up again?

...

"Is the earth... going to explode again?"

In the dark core world of Sun Ying'er, Lord Diulei felt a strong energy fluctuation coming from the outside world.

It goes without saying that you know it.

Something big happened on Earth!

But what's worse is that he can't escape from this inner world at all. Sun Ying'er's ten clones are too difficult to deal with.

Although he has awakened Jingke and Bai Qiao.

With the strength of "Jingbai", he can naturally kill a child with one sword.

However, Sun Ying'er's unlimited division gave Lord Diulei and Jingbai a headache at the same time.

Why do they feel like they are playing unlimited Fruit Ninja!

Lord Diulei, shocked and roaring in his heart.

"Give up. The earth is about to be destroyed. Everything will turn into ashes." The ten split-body Sun Ying'er said in unison.

They are proud of having succeeded in their goals.

"Don't be happy too early."

At this time, a familiar voice suddenly sounded from this core world.

Just behind the ten Sun Ying'ers, ten split body Wang Ying suddenly appeared.

One by one, they held Sun Ying'er's head.

"You..." The split body Sun Ying'er was shocked and turned pale.

I don't understand how Wang Ying managed to appear in his core world.

And what surprised Split Body Sun Ying'er even more was that Wang Ying also learned to split!

"Goodbye." Ten Wang Ying's movements were uniform.

There was almost no time left for Sun Ying'er to react.

Bang bang bang bang bang bang...

He showed no mercy at all. He crushed the heads of ten split-body Sun Ying'ers like watermelons.

Lord Diulei swallowed his saliva. He was surprised in his heart.

He thought this might be the legendary domestic violence scene...

To Lord Diulei's surprise, Sun Ying'er, who had ten divisions, did not continue to complete the division.

And Lord Diulei himself also quickly returned to reality from the disappearing dark core world with ten splinter bodies Wang Ying.

"How did Lord Wang Ying do it?" Lord Diulei was curious.

"Of course you have to use some special methods when dealing with a woman who plays with fire."

Wang Ying raised the corners of her lips slightly: "I copied her Shadow ability. Naturally, I learned to split. As for the ability to prevent splitting, Ah Nuan gave it to me."

"Did Nuan Zhenren take action again?"

"Haha. She's just a nosy girl. She just can't take any time off in this belly every day."

Split body Wang Ying smiled and said: "I have also sent people to other battlefields. They can effectively prevent Sun Ying'er from splitting. Except... one place..."

"Where?"

"Heh. A place where you can win without showing up."





Chapter 1335 The strengthened monk


An unspeakable place.

The monk is still in tourist observation mode...

"As expected of Dao Ancestor Wang. He is able to maintain such a complex core world for a long time!"

The monk kept talking about his thoughts after watching: "It seems that Dao Ancestor uses laws to build a complete ecological system. The laws can support each other, so that the core world can be moved out of the body without destroying it. To the point of collapse..."

He was intoxicated in this magical and unspeakable world.

He tilted his head. I wanted to ask Wang Ling for his opinion.

As a result, when I turned around, I found that the right eye of Wang Ling behind me started to bleed...

The blood flowed very horribly. It was like free blood plasma gushing out of the eye sockets in a horror movie.

Why did you get hurt all of a sudden when you had nothing to worry about?

This shocked the monk for a moment.

"Ling Zhenren. You..."

But the monk is so discerning. He quickly realized: "No...you are not Ling Zhenren..."

"Haha. As expected of senior Jin and others. A person who can take ten slaps from his master. He is really powerful."

"That's right! The poor monk is also the only one who survived Ling Zhenren's ten palms!" The monk was extremely proud.

He looked at the person in front of him who was temporarily using Wang Ling's body to speak. He narrowed his eyes and said, "Are you Ling Zhenren's real clone?"

Crispy Noodles Dao Lord gave a bitter smile. He couldn't help but slumped down: "Yes... If the Lord doesn't replace me, I really don't know what to do."

This is the interaction mechanism between the "real avatar" and the "ontology."

Soul switching can be performed at critical moments.

It's just that this kind of soul switching is limited by distance...

The distance between this earth and this unspeakable place is too long! It almost spans an extraterrestrial galaxy!

Such a long distance. Let alone 5G signal. 10086G is useless...

Even if the monk himself uses a "real clone", it is impossible for him to do it.

As a result, the monk's respect for Wang Ling rose to several levels.

"Ling Zhenren! Forever a god!"

At the same time, the monk marveled at the power of the Lord of the Void in his prime state.

Even Crispy Noodles Dao Lord was taught such a lesson...

If it weren't for the fact that he was more interested in the "Unspeakable Place" now.

Even the monk himself wanted to compete with the Lord of the Void.

But soon, the monk thought of a very serious matter: "That's not right, Lord Dao! Once Ling Zhenren leaves... what will we do about the destruction of the Unspeakable Land?"

"I'll leave it to you."

Crispy Noodles Dao Lord said: "I am injured now. It is obviously impossible to fight."

"A poor monk, destroying an unspeakable place?"

Without Wang Ling around, the monk began to have some doubts about his abilities...

This is the outer core world built by Dao Ancestor Wang.

With his current palm power, although he won't be trapped here, there may still be some problems in taking away the entire unspeakable place...

"It's okay. Master left me a 100% enlightenment spell."

After saying that, Crispy Noodles Dao Lord stretched out his hand and touched the monk's forehead.

A buzz!

The place was suddenly filled with golden light!

The monk's whole body burst into bright light instantly!

Monk: "This is!!!"

Crispy Noodles Dao Lord: "What are you still doing? You've been strengthened. Come on!"

"Then... poor monk, give it a try!"

Although he has not completely finished sightseeing, the monk really wants to try it now. After being "strengthened", how far has his palm power been improved?

What palm technique is best to use...

Just use the newly learned {Past Burning Ancient Buddha Palm}!

As a result, the monk's anger sank into his Dantian, and he aimed a palm directly in front of him.

Buzz, rumble, rumble...

This was a tentative palm. The monk deliberately did not release the full power.

However, because it is in a "strengthened" state, the destructive power caused by this palm.

It was still beyond the monk's imagination...it obviously only used less than 10% of the palm force.

As a result, this palm and palm print filled the entire world of the Unspeakable Land!

Just for a moment. The clouds are steaming and the clouds are shining. The Buddha's light is soaring into the sky. The palm prints of the ancient Buddha's palms are like the bright sun. It bursts out with terrible power! Push forward with a sweeping attitude!

In one breath, the entire unspeakable land fell into a state of collapse on the spot. Everything was being destroyed!

The monk's palm started from the shoreline and pushed to the core temple where the original Heavenly Dao was located!

"What on earth is going on..." The original Heavenly Dao was extremely horrified.

He had just put on his armor and planned to go to the coast to fight the monk.

The results haven't started yet.

It collapsed that day.

It's already coming!

"Boom!"

In an instant, the temple collapsed. Countless evil Heavenly DaoGolden Men were destroyed by the monk's palm!

"ah..."

The original Heavenly Dao is under attack from the front.

The armor all over his body suddenly shattered.

The palm power containing huge energy evaporated his body.

It only takes a few microseconds.

The original Heavenly Dao's entire body had been burned into a shriveled golden skin. It was too miserable to look at.

With this palm strike, there was too much movement.

Not to mention that the original Heavenly Dao and the evil Heavenly DaoGolden Men didn't react.

Even the monk himself was shocked.

This...this is the palm power that he can produce at this level?

The monk couldn't believe it.

Ling Zhenren's enlightenment technique is too powerful. It is beyond the scope of the monk's understanding.

"The master's enlightenment technique resonates with your consecration technique, so once it is used on you, the power will increase dramatically. It is ten times more powerful than if it is used on other people."

Crispy Noodles Dao Lord said: "And..."

"And what?"

"Everything you have illuminated before will have a huge increase in power in a short period of time."

"That's it..." The monk nodded.

To capture the thief, capture the king first.

With this palm strike, the Unspeakable Land was not completely destroyed.

On the contrary, the original Heavenly Dao was directly destroyed by a strange combination of circumstances.

But what makes Crispy Noodles Dao Lord very strange is.

It seems that the soul of the original Heavenly Dao is still there. It has not been completely destroyed.

"Master Dao doesn't know something. My {Past Burning Ancient Buddha Palm} is also called {Past Repentance Palm}. The souls of those who hold it are trapped in the illusion of Buddhism. Only by repentance can the soul be liberated."

The monk said: "Otherwise they will always be immersed in the illusion of reincarnation where they are killed..."

"But I don't think they will repent." Crispy Noodles Dao Lord laughed.

"So, they will never have peace." The monk said as he performed a Buddhist salute.

...

On the other side, in the hinterland of the Office of Strategic Deception, facing Crispy Noodles Dao Lord who suddenly stood up under strong pressure.

Sun Ying'er was puzzled.

But now she is no longer interested in Crispy Noodles Dao Lord kneeling down.

"It's more important to take away Rongrong as soon as possible!"

Sun Ying'er frowned and turned his gaze to the sky.

She had predicted it before.

This is the final blow!

The Void Gate has completed its energy storage.

The huge void gate will be transformed into a cannon barrel at this moment, making a devastating impact on the earth!

No matter what happened to Crispy Noodles Dao Lord, everything in front of him was beyond repair.

Buzz!

Just a moment!

A blazing beam of light descended from the sky!

The void world-destroying cannon has arrived!

But at this moment.

Once again, an unexpected scene appeared for Sun Ying'er.

In the True Venerated Immortal Hall of the Office of Strategic Deception.

A petite figure actually waved the wings on its back and rushed towards the terrifying light of destruction!

King of the Divine Realm?

Sun Ying'er would never have imagined that the King of the Divine Realm would take action at this moment to resist her Void World-Destroying Cannon.

"Why do you have to do this for these people on earth..." Sun Ying'er couldn't figure it out.

In her eyes.

An underdeveloped divine realm king.

In the face of the huge power of the void world-destroying cannon.

But he is just a cannon fodder.

In the sky, the feathers of light from the divine realm are falling, like angels descending into the world, exuding holy light.

Girl Ajuan resisted the pressure and flew higher and higher!

Under tremendous pressure, the King of the Divine Realm was shocked and bleeding.

The flying snowflakes splashed in all directions and fell on the magic weapon in her hand.

And it wasn't until this moment that Sun Ying'er discovered that this God Realm King seemed to be holding something in his hand...

She rubbed her eyes.

Make sure you read it correctly.

This is actually a mobile phone stained with the blood of Ajuan Girl Realm King...

At this time, Miss Ajuan left facing the terrifying light of void destruction!

"When the yin and yang reverse, the sky will be dyed with my blood!"

She screamed loudly with a milky voice. She held her phone high and waved her wings, showing off her elegance as the King of the Divine Realm.

He actually used his own mobile phone film.

Push back all the world-destroying light of the void...





Chapter 1336 Wang Ying's Training


An astonishing scene. Everyone in the Office of Strategic Deception was stunned and speechless.

This is...

Zhuo Yi opened her mouth in shock.

Who would have thought.

It turns out that "the sky is dyed with my blood" actually means this!

There is no doubt that Miss Ajuan has made a great contribution.

She successfully withstood the world-destroying artillery bombardment from the void by using a cell phone film that had been blessed by a monk and whose power was greatly increased in a short period of time under the influence of the "Enlightenment Technique!"

"This is impossible!" Sun Ying'er screamed.

She held her head. The collapsed look was very much like the groundhog before.

Sun Ying'er can't accept it!

My plan to take away Sun Rong was actually stopped by this mere cell phone film!

"It's you..."

At this time, Sun Ying'er lowered his head and stared at the man who stood up again on the ground.

She was 100% sure that this matter was related to the "real clone" in front of her!

"It's just a clone! I will destroy you now!"

Sun Ying'er became angry and swooped down from the void.

Her long white hair was completely spread out, like a witch falling from the sky!

The ghostly figure carried an unimaginable agility. It flashed very close to Wang Ling.

Snap!

Wang Ling raised his hand. He raised his orchid finger and aimed it at Sun Ying'er's head.

A huge force. Sun Ying'er was stunned.

"Crack!"

The skull was shattered on the spot. Sun Ying'er screamed.

The astonishing ejection force made her whole body on the spot like a cannonball rising from the ground. She shot backwards! It was fierce and domineering. It shook the world...

Wang Ling left some finger strength.

Just calculate the direction of Sun Ying'er's ejection to ensure that Sun Ying'er's body will accurately take off from the earth and land next to Wang Ying who is waiting for him in space.

It's better to leave the matter to Shadow.

To be honest, if it weren't for Wang Ying's sake.

With that shot just now, Sun Ying'er had already been completely destroyed.

From the perspective of Wang Ling, there was no suspense about this battle from the beginning.

Over there is the unspeakable land.

I think the monk has almost finished cleaning up.

It's time to change your soul back

"Senior Crispy Noodles Dao Lord!"

At this time, the familiar voice of Sun Rong sounded from behind Wang Ling.

She had gone through a battle. The girl's jade-like face was covered with a little dust from the aftermath of the battle.

She ran over a little embarrassed. She walked up to him openly and smiled as happily as a child: "I know. You will definitely stand up! You are the clone of classmate Wang Ling!"

He has obviously returned to his physical body, but he has not lost his memory...

Is it because the obsession is too strong that it causes delayed amnesia?

Wang Ling's lips moved slightly.

He didn't know what to say.

He knew that the girl had said it and would try hard not to forget it.

Unexpectedly, it actually happened.

Delayed amnesia is a very rare phenomenon.

People with delayed amnesia will gradually lose their memory in the soul state after a few hours.

At this time, Wang Ling suddenly came back to his senses.

He felt a tangy, sweet aroma.

Only then did he realize that he and the girl were very close to each other.

Subconsciously I want to retreat.

But at this moment, Sun Rong's hand suddenly stretched out: "Senior, don't move!"

I saw the girl gently brushing his cheek with her thin and long fingers, and pinching off a petal that had been pierced into his cheek.

This was left behind when Crispy Noodles Dao Lord fought Sun Ying'er previously.

The petals are deeply rooted.

The edges are slightly inset.

Seeing the wound, the girl felt a little sorry.

"My shadow... actually caused so much trouble to senior..."

Then, her behavior became even bolder.

The girl began to gently touch the wound on her cheek with her fingertips. Blue spiritual power lit up from her fingertips and poured into the wound gently.

Sun Rong tried to use Aohai's recovery ability to repair the wound.

At this time, the Crispy Noodles Dao Lord in front of him seemed to suddenly wake up.

Gently grasp Sun Rong's hand. He gently removes his hand. He still has that heart-warming smile like the spring breeze blowing on his face: "Thank you, Miss Sun, for your kindness. I'm fine."

"Hey, senior. Are you really okay?" Sun Rong asked with concern.

"It's OK."

Crispy Noodles Dao Lord smiled and said: "Miss Sun, you win."

"I...won?"

"You win."

Crispy Noodles Dao Lord nodded: "Remember the face pinching contest?"

Reminiscent of the abnormal reaction that appeared on Crispy Noodles Dao Lord earlier. Sun Rong suddenly came to his senses.

"It turns out... what I just pinched was..."

The girl shyly knelt down on the spot and buried her face deeply in her knees.

I was shy and wanted to find a hole in the ground to crawl into.

...

An unspeakable place.

Wang LingThe soul returns to its original body.

"Ling Zhenren?Ling Zhenren?"

Seeing that You Meng was no longer bleeding. The monk confirmed that the real Wang Ling had returned.

But he called several times in succession.

But I saw that the young man seemed to be frozen in place. There was no movement for a long time.

Huh? Zhenren is in a daze? It's been a long time since I've seen him...

The monk was amazed.

...

Just now. Too close.

Wang Ling can even clearly feel the girl's breath.

He reached out and gently touched his cheek.

It's obvious that the body has been replaced.

On the cheek. The area being touched.

The temperature there.

It seems that it still hasn't dispersed.

...

At the same time, in the universe, Sun Ying'er, who was bounced back to Wang Ying, immediately received a new round of "training."

"I told you woman. You're playing with fire."

Wang Ying pinched Sun Ying'er's chin and sneered.

"What do you want to do..."

The expression on Sun Ying'er's face gradually turned to panic.

Wang Ling's finger flick made her fly very far.

In the process of flying, Sun Ying'er also completely understood the gap in absolute power.

She thought everything was according to her plan.

But he didn't expect the world-destroying bombardment he had painstakingly prepared.

Not as strong as that enhanced mobile phone film...

at this moment

She even noticed it.

Wang Ying's madness...

God knows a young man who has always been silent.

Why does it give birth to such a crazy shadow!

Wang Ying pinched her chin. The expression on her face showed a fierce look.

To be honest, the more scared Sun Ying'er was, the more excited Wang Ying felt.

"Can't you split? I can split as much as you split... No matter where you escape, I can catch you back!" Wang Ying firmly grasped the white-haired girl's wrist. It was almost like The laughter overflowing from the bottom of his heart made Sun Ying'er feel scared from the bottom of his heart.

This is the real smile hiding a knife.

Sun Ying'er thought that his level was already very high.

I didn't expect to see Wang Ying now. Only then did I realize that I was dwarfed by a big witch!

"Why. My Shadow ability doesn't work at all in front of you!" Sun Ying'er shouted.

Not only that. Sun Ying'er also discovered that the memories of the split bodies seemed to be unable to be shared!

The information could not be transmitted to the main body in time. This was one of the reasons why Sun Ying'er failed in this battle.

Of course, it is impossible for Wang Ying to say that Wang Nuan gave him permission.

"Your female. I'm a male! When a female sees a male, it won't work anymore! This is called. One thing brings down another thing!"

The corners of his lips couldn't help but rise.

"Don't go too far!" Sun Ying'er struggled hard, trying to get rid of Wang Ying.

"There are even worse ones!"

Wang Ying stared at Sun Ying'er. He smiled evilly.

"You...what are you doing...you pervert!" Sun Ying'er was almost crying.

"Men should be perverted. What's wrong with that!"

Then, Wang Ying stretched out another hand, grabbed the girl's other wrist, and suddenly raised it above her head.

His eyes wandered around and he chose the nearest planet.

He pressed the girl down and slammed forward!

"This...what kind of spell is this..."

"Ha. Woman! Never seen her before, right?"

Wang Ying sneered: "This is the legendary {Planet thumping technique}!"

He grabbed her wrist tightly and crashed towards an orange planet!

The two of them fell. The Rushen star descended from the sky, taking her with it and blasting through the star core!

"No. This planet is too fragile. Find another one!"

Wang Ying hadn't had enough fun yet. He grabbed Sun Ying'er's hand and hit the second one...

At this moment, Sun Ying'er's tears have burst into tears: "You...let me go!!!"





Chapter 1337 The Desperate Earth Spirit


Wang Ying grabbed Sun Ying'er's wrist tightly and began to carry out crazy destruction in the depths west of the extraterrestrial galaxy. No less than a hundred planets were destroyed.

Sun Ying'er felt like a three-dimensional pinball that kept jumping up and down. The impact made her whole body feel bad.

"Don't...don't do this to me..."

He didn't know how long it took.

Sun Ying'er felt like her tears were almost dry.

Wang Ying then calmed down slightly.

And it wasn't until this time that Sun Ying'er discovered how perverted Wang Ying was...

It turned out that the harder she cried, the more excited Wang Ying became!

Therefore, when Sun Ying'er discovered this, he simply shut up and did not dare to let out any more sobs.

"Aren't you crying? Keep crying." Wang Ying sneered.

His hand was holding on to Sun Ying'er. It wasn't that he was afraid that Sun Ying'er would run away, but that he thought Sun Ying'er was too fun and couldn't bear to let go.

"I won't cry anymore. Really..." Sun Ying'er pretended to hold back.

She knows how to deal with perverts like Wang Zhen.

The best way is to pretend to compromise first, and then wait for an opportunity to escape.

However, Wang Ying's abnormality was beyond Sun Ying'er's imagination.

I saw Wang Ying looking at her coldly: "Take off your clothes."

Sun Ying'er became frightened again: "You...what are you going to do..."

"I'm afraid you'll run away. But as long as you're naked, you should be honest. Don't worry, I'm a gentleman. I promise I won't look at you."

"Become...perverted..."

"All right."

Wang Ying shrugged. He had actually expected this answer.

"Then. Let's continue."

"You..." Sun Ying'er knew that he had been fooled again.

However, before she could curse, Wang Ying launched her {Planet thumping technique} again..

That day. Deep in the western part of the extraterrestrial galaxy. Sun Ying'er's screams of "Ahhhh" came and went...

The spirits of nearby planets that were not harmed were all silent and trembling about this incident.

For a long time to come, no planet spirit was willing to mention this matter again.

And Wang Ying also developed a new word through his own efforts.

Name: Ball Shock...

...

An unspeakable place.

After the monk's palm fell, along with the destruction of the core temple, the space began to show signs of collapse.

The original Heavenly Dao was trapped in the reincarnation of death. The unspeakable land has fallen into a state of collapse.

Even if Wang Ling doesn't take action.

In a few days, this place can be disintegrated naturally.

"I didn't expect that this world founded by Dao Ancestor Wang would end up with a poor monk..." The monk had a complicated mood.

Of course. The main thing is that Ling Zhenren is stronger.

The power of this 100% enlightenment technique increased the power of his only 10% palm power to the point of destroying the world.

This is something that Monk Jin Deng could not have imagined.

The unspeakable land was destroyed. This means that the girl's soul will no longer be affected.

And Sun Ying'er was suppressed by Wang Ying. When the Lord of the Void was controlled, Sun Rong naturally could not return to the Void.

Sun Ying'er is like the host of this void return ceremony.

Now the host has been dragged away to receive "training." Naturally, the ceremony cannot continue.

Of course. For Wang Ling.

He felt that the matter was not completely over.

This "fortune teller."

He still hasn't found it.

This is the mastermind behind everything.

"Zhenren, look!"

At this time, the monk's eyes suddenly pointed somewhere ahead.

This is the core temple of the Unspeakable Land.

A location that suffered annihilation.

The space there has been completely shattered.

The entire core temple was destroyed and turned into dust particles swirling in the universe.

However, in the center of the annihilation, there is a luminous object. It shines like a night pearl in the darkness.

Wang Ling reached out and introduced this luminous object into the palm of his hand.

This is a palm-sized hexahedron Rubik's cube.

Has extremely high temperatures.

The whole body exudes powerful and dense spiritual energy.

This is no ordinary thing.

If a normal cultivator holds it in his hand, the whole hand will be blown up by the magic power of the Rubik's Cube.

"It should be a stable magic weapon that moves the core world to the outside." Although the monk didn't know the origin of the Rubik's Cube, he still made a judgment based on his own experience.

They finally found the secret that kept the core world alive for a long time after Dao Ancestor Wang moved it to the outside world!

In addition to Dao Ancestor Wang's own understanding of the power of law.

This stabilizing magic weapon also played a vital role.

Wang Ling Hold the Rubik's Cube in the palm of your hand. Use a little force.

It turned out that the Rubik's Cube actually generated a huge force to fight against him.

This kind of spiritual power is astonishing. Wang Ling is rarely seen on other magical weapons.

Even Jingke doesn't have such huge spiritual power.

If it is the shock after the combination.

It's quite comparable to it.

Could it be that this Rubik's Cube comes from the same hometown as Jingke and Bai Qiao?

Wang Ling holds the Rubik's Cube. Thoughtfully.

This is an important discovery.

He carefully put the Rubik's Cube into the space of King's Eyes.

Before leaving. Wang Ling suddenly thought of something.

He took one last look at the collapsing Unspeakable Land.

"What is Ling Zhenren looking at?" the monk was curious.

"Crack."Wang Ling replied. Concisely and to the point.

Yes...

He is observing the cracks in the outer layer of the Unspeakable Land.

Because the evil Golden Men who escaped and came to the earth flowed out from this crack.

Wang Ling wants to see the cause of this crack.

Did the evil Golden Men tear it apart themselves? Or did the others do it on purpose?

This is the result.

Let Wang Ling be stunned on the spot.

"Who caused the crack?" the monk asked.

Wang Ling was silent for a while. He did not directly answer the monk's words.

In the end, I only replied with two words: "Accident."

Monk: "?"

...

A few seconds later. Wang Ling and the monk returned to Earth smoothly.

But they didn't go in directly. They were in the outer space of the earth.

The monk saw Wang Ling raising his hand. He seemed to be preparing to attack the earth: "Ling Zhenren, what are you..."

"5% Targeted Global Amnesia." Wang Ling answered.

Sun Ying'er made things too big.

This memory. Except for the core members of the Office of Strategic Deception, the memories of everyone must be wiped. Sun Rong will not be in trouble.

Sun Ying'er is exactly the same as Sun Rong.

Although the conspiracy to return to the void did not succeed in the end.

But the whole thing has already begun to ferment on the earth.

Out of helplessness.

Wang Ling had no choice but to make this decision.

Anyway, the earth has been upgraded.

His palm used only 5% of his power to hit the ocean part.

Apart from the pain, it will never have any adverse effects on the earth.

The earth spirit was terrified.

He saw Wang Ling raise his hand. He quickly screamed: "Zhenren, calm down! Take your palm back quickly! I can cast a spell. Help Zhenren make people around the world lose their memory!"

If I didn't tell you earlier...

Wang Ling rolled his eyes at the Earth Spirit.

His palm is already on the way.

It was obviously difficult to regain the strength of the palm.

So, he had no choice but to say four words with regret to the spirit of the earth: "Definitely next time!"

Earth Spirit: "..."

2 seconds later.

The spirit of the earth screamed like a slaughtering pig, resounding throughout the entire galaxy...





Chapter 1338 Sun Ying'er Earth Supervision Plan


A battle for the soul and the body ended with the directional amnesia of cultivators all over the world.

It is confirmed that Sun Rong has returned to the physical body. After being able to carry out normal activities.

Mr. Sun, the boss of Huaguo Shuilian Group, was very excited.

All the staff of the hospital and the employees of the group cheered.

In front of the Office of Strategic Deception Mountain. Mr. Boss Sun arranged for someone to take Sun Rong back. He shook hands with Lord Diulei sincerely: "Thank you, True Lord, for your help!"

Although the girl is fine.

However, the old man is still a little worried. He wants Sun Rong to go back to the hospital for another detailed examination.

"It's all a matter of effort. It's the result of everyone's joint efforts." Lord Diulei said with a smile.

"Don't worry, Mr. Zhen. All losses to the Office of Strategic Deception, including the damaged buildings, will be covered by our Huaguo Shuilian Group." The old man smiled happily.

"Hahaha! You're welcome, sir." Lord Diulei smiled even more happily.

Although Boss Sun doesn't remember what happened. He just heard that someone was a villain who caused great damage in the Office of Strategic Deception in order to steal his granddaughter's body.

With the full cooperation of the entire Office of Strategic Deception, his granddaughter's body recovered as before. Even the villain was shot dead on the spot.

Now that the bad guy has been killed.

Sun Yiyuan naturally no longer cared.

For Boss Sun.

Nothing is more important than the health of your granddaughter!

...

Half an hour later. In the hall of True Venerated Immortal.

Faced with his criminal and illegal behavior of deliberately destroying the earth and destroying the unity of cultivators, Sun Ying'er confessed to this.

Sun Ying'er. In fact, he is the evildoer rumored to have been killed.

"I was wrong. I was really wrong. I shouldn't have come to Earth in the first place. If I hadn't come to Earth..."

The white-haired girl knelt devoutly in the hall of True Venerated Immortal. She sincerely repented.

Wang Ying was on the side, staring at her with his arms folded.

At this time, it has been some time since {Planet thumping technique} passed.

However, Sun Ying'er still had lingering fears. She lowered her eyes and stared at the "claw marks" on her two wrists with her peripheral vision.

This was left when Wang Ying pinched her.

And, as if deliberately declaring sovereignty, he left his own mark.

"I know what you are thinking." Wang Ying stared at Sun Ying'er: "You are the Lord of the Void. It is not difficult for you to chop off your hand and then regenerate it."

"How do you know..." Sun Ying'er was shocked.

Because she did have the idea of chopping off her hands.

She is the new Lord of the Void, but someone has left a mark on her. How can she lead the Void and gain a foothold in the entire Void World when word spreads about this?

"In front of me, any calculation is useless."

Wang Ying smiled: "I can tell you clearly. The mark on the wrist cannot be erased. It is a mark that is like being engraved in the soul. No matter where the person who is engraved by me escapes, I can instantly escape. Found it."

"You...went too far..."

Sun Ying'er raised his head. Tears couldn't help but well up in his eyes again.

"If it weren't for the fact that you are Miss Sun's shadow, you would have died long ago."

Wang Ying shrugged: "Now you have only one choice. That is to stay on earth and accept my supervision. After all, you are indeed a dangerous person."

Now Sun Rong's plan to return to the void has been terminated.

The main reason is because Sun Ying'er is currently on Earth.

As long as the Lord of the Void is always under surveillance, then Sun Rong will naturally not be in danger.

As for choosing who to monitor Sun Ying'er.

Wang Ling feels that there is really no one more suitable than Wang Ying.

Let Shadow handle the matter.

Nothing wrong with it.

"I object!" In the hall of True Venerated Immortal. Although Sun Ying'er has already admitted his mistake.

But facing the outcome of being supervised on earth, the girl still felt extremely dissatisfied.

This is not supervision... this is simply imprisonment!

"Objection is invalid.

"At this time, Lord Diulei also stood up. Looking at the rest of the people in the True Venerated Immortal Hall: "Everyone, let's vote. Those who agree with Miss Sun Ying'er's plan to supervise the earth, please raise your hands."

Zhuo Yi, Fang Xing, Monk Jin Deng, Immortal Zhenyuan, Miss Ajuan, the new Crispy Noodles Dao Lord, the bandaged Heavenly Dao... Almost all the core members have come to the temple.

As soon as Lord Diulei finished speaking, everyone raised their hands in an unusually synchronized manner.

"The minority obeys the majority. The proposal is passed!" Lord Diulei nodded with satisfaction.

The matter was thus settled.

"You...you wait! Wait until I return to the void. I will destroy the Office of Strategic Deception first..." Sun Ying'er stood up from his kneeling position in anger.

"Huh?" At this time, Wang Ying raised his eyebrows.

The girl planned to continue to yell and say something even more extreme.

As a result, Wang Ying looked at him and forced him back. He knelt back again.

"I...I accept..." Sun Ying'er was about to burst into tears.

Under Wang Ying's coercion, he had no choice but to agree to the conditions.

"very good."

At this point, Wang Ying nodded with satisfaction: "While you are under my supervision on Earth, please be sure to do the following."

"Say first..." Sun Ying'er seemed like an angry little daughter-in-law. Facing Wang Ying, she really had no temper at all.

"First, after you return to Miss Sun's body, you are not allowed to cause trouble again. During the day, you will be Miss Sun's shadow."

"What about tonight?"

"Come to me in the evening to write a self-review. I will come to check your homework. During your time on earth, you must complete a self-review of no less than 800 words every day. You can write it in a diary, but you are not allowed to add water. You need to express your true feelings."

"..."

"Second, Miss Sun has not returned to the void. So the only real strength is the Foundation Building. As a shadow, you still have to protect Miss Sun at all times. Treat her like your own mother."

"Dear...mother?"

"Not a real mother. But better than a real mother."

Wang Ying said categorically: "Just like my father-in-law. Although I always call him my father-in-law, I know that he is my biological father."

"..."

Sun Ying'er discovered that Wang Ying was really shameless.

With her temper, she would have retorted long ago.

But now, she doesn't dare.

"Third, there is the problem of Miss Sun's memory. Sun Rong Miss Sun's soul developed an extremely rare phenomenon of delayed amnesia after returning to the body. I estimate that the time is almost up. Miss Sun will soon forget herself. In the soul state. Everything that happens."Wang Ying.

"But I know. She has a record..." Sun Ying'er said.

"That's what I want to tell you."

Wang Ying looked at Sun Ying'er and said: "Miss Sun's cloud disk has records. In order to prevent accidents, your task after returning is to clear all these records!"

"Okay...I understand..."

Sun Ying'er lowered his head and agreed.

"very good."

Wang Ying nodded: "There are still a few thousand left. I will tell you when I think of them. You can return to Classmate Sun's body and continue to be a shadow."

After that, Wang Ying waved his hand and watched Sun Ying'er leave here as if he was running away.

On the way back to Sun Rong's physical body.

The hatred for Wang Ying in Sun Ying'er's heart became even stronger.

Hum...╭(╯^╰)╮!

You actually want to instruct her to delete the memories in those cloud disks?

Don't even think about it!

She refused to delete it! During the flight, Sun Ying'er suddenly turned around and stuck out her tongue in the direction of the Office of Strategic Deception.

Even if I can't beat you, I'll still piss you off! Just a little bit!





Chapter 1339 Lost Memory


After Sun Ying'er returned, there were small meetings held in two places at the same time.

In the inner chambers of the True Venerated Immortal.

Lord Diulei called Zhuo Yi alone into his office.

Discuss some aftermath matters.

"Jiang Xiaoche and Yi Zhiyang. Have Brother Zhuo made arrangements?" Lord Diulei asked.

"True Lord, don't worry. Their real bodies and dummies have been replaced. Everything is safe." Zhuo Yi replied.

But Zhuo Yi has a feeling.

He felt that this might not be the real reason why Lord Diulei was looking for him.

Sure enough, Lord Diulei quickly took out a gift box.

This seemed to be something that had been prepared a long time ago. It had been kept in a drawer in his office.

"Mr. Sun has promised to compensate our Office of Strategic Deception for all losses, and to assist in the construction of a top-level elixir experimental base and a spiritual beast training base. Although Miss Sun is not seriously injured, as the head of a sect, I have to express my feelings. She was also frightened during these days." Lord Diulei said.

"What does Zhenjun mean?"

"My little thought. Brother Zhuo, please help me take it there. Aren't you just going to see Miss Sun?"

"How does Zhenjun know?" Zhuo Yi smiled.

"This is not the first day I have met Brother Zhuo."

In the office, the two men looked at each other and laughed tacitly.

...

The second meeting place is the Heavenly Dao Committee.

The surviving Heavenly Dao returned to heaven with his injured brother, the dying Heavenly Dao, after drawing countless "death talismans."

All the Heavenly DaoGolden Men, headed by the other five major ones, Heavenly Dao, lined the streets to welcome him.

For a moment, the heaven was filled with excitement.

"Thank you for your hard work this time in the lower realm." Power Heavenly Dao said with tears in his eyes.

"Finally completed the task assigned by Ling Zhenren." The expression on Deathly Heavenly Dao's face was a little complicated.

"I heard that you voluntarily refused Ling Zhenren's treatment?"

"Yes!" Death Heavenly Dao nodded: "I don't dare to ask Ling Zhenren to heal me...Sun Rong girl was pulled out of my core world by Sun Ying'er. This was caused by my improper protection. I'm very grateful that Ling Zhenren didn't punish me for not being able to protect me. How dare I bother him to treat me again."

"I understand." Heavenly Dao, the other host, nodded.

The so-called no reward for no merit. It refers to the situation of death Heavenly Dao.

Heavenly Dao's rules of equivalent exchange are very strict.

In the case of unfavorable protection, let Wang Ling help with treatment. I'm afraid Heavenly Dao will also pay a certain price for death. So it is better not to treat...

As for the "hard work" that shows off physical labor, it actually does not constitute a condition for equal exchange.

Physical work is the least valuable.

But for Heavenly Dao, this trip to the lower realm was not without its rewards.

His intervention can be regarded as a success, which means that Heaven has further deepened its relationship with Wang Ling.

The future road to heaven is undoubtedly getting wider.

"Brother Death. Actually, there is one more thing I need to trouble you with."

At this time, Power Heavenly Dao suddenly said.

"What's the matter?" Death Heavenly Dao saw that all the other envoys of Heavenly Dao were so polite. He had a bad feeling in his heart.

"It's not a big deal. It's just a little bit of our common thoughts."

Power Heavenly Dao said: "We have thought about it carefully. If it hadn't been for what happened to Miss Sun this time, we in Heaven might have to wait for hundreds of thousands of years to find a good opportunity to deepen the distance with Ling Zhenren... This time, it is truly the best God-given opportunity!"

"so?"

"So, a few of us talked about our feelings and prepared some gifts. I hope Brother Death can send them to Miss Sun on our behalf."

"Gift?!" Death Heavenly Dao was shocked.

Heaven personally prepared the gift. For a girl from the lower world?

This is indeed rare...

"Miss Sun has suffered in this incident. This can be regarded as a little bit of our gratitude to her." Power Heavenly Dao delivered the prepared gift box.

Put it into the hands of Death Heavenly Dao. "It's not difficult for you to give gifts. But in whose name should you give them? It's not necessarily in the name of our Heavenly Dao, right?"

Death Heavenly Dao nodded. Then he said: "Miss Sun will lose her memory soon. She may not remember us."

"Well, Brother Death, don't worry too much. Just send it in the name of a disciple of the Office of Strategic Deception."

"Disciple of the Office of Strategic Deception?"

Death Heavenly Dao smiled again: "When did we, Heavenly Dao., become members of the Office of Strategic Deception?"

"Shit. Isn't it good to be a member of the Office of Strategic Deception? Now Brother Death, you are obviously a core member of the Office of Strategic Deception!"

Power Heavenly Dao said excitedly: "Ling Zhenren's 5% directional global amnesia technique. You are not included in it! You have no amnesia. It means that Ling Zhenren has fully recognized you! This is a clear indication!"

"I...I understand." Death Heavenly Dao nodded.

"From now on, Brother Death can represent us in Heaven and interact more with Ling Zhenren. This is also the result of the meeting we just had."

"But during this meeting, my brother Heavenly Dao and I were not here..."

"Follow the principle of majority submission. Whether you two brothers are here or not, the result will be the same."

"..."

"Since you want to interact with Ling Zhenren, you must establish your identity on earth."

"What do you mean?" Death Heavenly Dao

"Number 60 High School! Let's go to school together!"

"I am a Heavenly Dao. I still want to study???" Death Heavenly Dao.

"A monk who is so powerful is now learning functions. Why doesn't Heavenly Dao study?" Power Heavenly Dao retorted sharply.

Well-founded and convincing.

Death Heavenly Dao was pinned to the spot on the spot...

...

On the other side. Songhai First Military Medical Hospital.

Sun Rong accepted it again. Comprehensive physical examination.

The test results are very good. The doctor is congratulating Boss Sun: "Congratulations to Mr. Sun! Miss Sun is doing well! And she feels that her body seems to be better than last year's physical examination data!"

"I understand. Thank you, Doctor."

Mr. Boss Sun hugged the doctor respectfully.

"Then I won't disturb Mr. Sun. There are other patients waiting for me."

The doctor smiled and quickly left space for the grandfather and grandson.

Giving red envelopes to doctors is an insult to doctors.

It is the duty of a doctor to save lives and heal the wounded.

This time Sun Rong happened. So many doctors were mobilized. Mr. Boss Sun is always a little bit embarrassed.

So Sun Yiyuan made a surprising decision.

He decided to thank all the hospitals that extended a helping hand this time.

Regardless of whether it is inside or outside the city, as long as it is a hospital that sends doctors, each hospital will receive donations of at least two buildings and supporting medical facilities from the Huaguo Shuilian Group.

"Grandpa."

At this time, Sun Rong looked at Sun Yiyuan who was smiling on the hospital bed and said.

"Rongrong, don't worry. Just to be on the safe side, we will observe you for one more night. You can go home tomorrow!" Boss Sun held the girl's hand tightly and felt the girl's energetic pulse.

No doubt about it. Sun Rong is fully restored.

But he doesn't know why. He feels that his precious granddaughter seems unhappy in some way: "Rongrong seems to have something on his mind?"

"I. I don't know either..."

Sun Rong lowered his head: "I feel like I have forgotten something."

"You have suffered so much this time. You must be frightened. The doctor said that this is intermittent amnesia. It will be fine when you relax." Boss Sun smiled. Then he took out the storage bag. Place several gift boxes in front of the girl.

"What are these?" Sun Rong asked.

"To save you this time, the Office of Strategic Deception has put in a lot of effort. You see, there are so many people who care about you! These are all gifts from them! Grandpa picked out a few important ones. There are still others. Many of them are at home. You can go home and slowly dismantle them," Sun Yiyuan said.

These three gift boxes actually come from Zhuo Yi, Lord Diulei and Heavenly Dao who pretends to be a disciple of the Office of Strategic Deception...

"What's in the box?"

The girl's curiosity was aroused.

She opened the three gift boxes in turn.

Then, the grandfather and grandson stared at the items in the gift box and fell into a long silence...

They all understand the truth.

But why. All the gifts are...

USB flash drive?

...

Small theater:

Zhuo Yi: "Speaking of which, what did Zhenjun give to Sun Rong's junior classmate?"

Lord Diulei: "This is a priceless treasure! A thing with a petite body but contains huge energy..."

Zhuo Yi clicked his tongue. He smiled bitterly: "It's great to have money. Unlike me! The poor can only afford to give away USB flash drives."

Lord Diulei's mouth twitched: "Brother Zhuo... the gift was also a USB flash drive?"

Zhuo Yi: "What is... too?"

Lord Diulei said: "I guess...girl Sun Rong can open a USB flash drive store now."

Zhuo Yi: "No way..."

Lord Diulei: "Do you think we are the only ones giving it away?"

Zhuo Yi: "..."





Chapter 1340 Miss is in love


Maybe some secret technique?

This was Boss Sun's first reaction after seeing the USB flash drive.

After all, it was a gift from Lord Diulei. The master of the Office of Strategic Deception!

Not so stingy after all.

Sun Yiyuan quickly ordered someone to bring a laptop to Sun Rong.

"Rongrong, let's take a look. There might be something important inside. Grandpa, please stay away for now."

Boss Sun smiled. Then he stood up.

Everyone has their own. This needs to be respected.

The old man is a sensible man.

On the other hand, he also knows the behavior of the people in the Office of Strategic Deception.

It's stored in the USB flash drive. It's definitely not a mess.

As long as he knows this, it is enough.

"Eh? Grandpa, don't you want to see it?" The girl wanted to share it together.

"This is something your friend left for you. Grandpa doesn't think it's appropriate." Mr. Boss Sun shook his head: "If you need anything, just press the call button next to the bed. Grandpa will be with you next door."

He gave up all the work in the group and planned to spend this time with his precious granddaughter.

"Thank you, grandpa."Sun Rong's eyebrows were curved.

Then, out of curiosity, he plugged the USB flash drive into his laptop and plugged in the headphones...

...

The first thing she looked at was the USB flash drive sent by Lord Diulei.

Inside the USB flash drive is a video material recorded by Lord Diulei himself.

This is a video recorded by Lord Diulei in his office.

In the video, Lord Diulei is still wearing a familiar white slim-fitting cassock. His long black hair hangs down naturally. His whole body is straight.

"Miss Sun, when you see this video, you may wonder why I, the master of the Office of Strategic Deception, would record such a video for you."

Lord Diulei spoke eloquently: "First of all, what I want to tell you is that you have lost a memory..."

The entire video is about 15 minutes long.

After the girl read it carefully, although the memory picture in her mind was not completely restored, she seemed to have a general understanding of the whole incident.

And in the introduction of Lord Diulei. Sun Rong heard a familiar name...Wang Ling.

"Classmate Wang Ling. Is he so powerful..."

The expression on the girl's face was completely different from the surprised expression when she first heard it.

She didn't even expect it.

All events actually happened because of myself.

And Wang Ling. silently did so many things for her...

Lord Diulei told the whole incident from his own point of view. Naturally, there are some omissions. But the advantage is that it is logically clear and organized.

The dignified head of the Office of Strategic Deception. There is no need to make up such a story. It was specially given to myself as a gift.

Of course. If this is just what Lord Diulei said, the girl may still have doubts.

But now, she has three USB flash drives in her hand.

The second USB flash drive was sent by the Heavenly Dao who pretended to be disciples of the Office of Strategic Deception.

In the video, Power Heavenly Dao is sitting in front of the table god of the Heavenly Dao Committee. He said seriously: "Hello, Miss Sun. I am Power Heavenly Dao. When you see this video, you may have lost a memory..."

The video left by Heavenly Dao made the girl feel even more horrified.

Heavenly Dao lower realm...

She had never heard of such a thing.

And the most important thing is.

This is actually related to Wang Ling.

"It turns out that Heavenly Dao is owned by classmate Wang Ling..."

Sun Rong feels like there's a lot of information!

However, after watching the second video left by Heavenly Dao, she had a clearer understanding of the entire incident.

Heavenly Dao's narrative perspective is different. It adds a lot of details based on Lord Diulei's narrative.

Because the memories of all Heavenly Dao are shared. When the death Heavenly Dao has been with the girl, the memory of the death Heavenly Dao also flows into the minds of other Heavenly Dao simultaneously.

So the narration of the power Heavenly Dao is actually what the death Heavenly Dao saw when he was accompanying the girl.

Now. The last USB flash drive is left...

It was sent by senior Zhuo Yi!

I wonder what kind of details the senior Zhuo Yi will add to her?

Sun Rong replaced the USB drive out of curiosity.

Here. Another video...

Zhuo Yi recorded it for her while standing.

However, after clicking the play button, Sun Rong felt like she was hit by a screen attack: "Hello, Master's Wife, when you see this video, you may have lost a memory..."

From the narrative between Lord Diulei and Heavenly Dao, she already knew that Zhuo Yi's master was actually Wang Ling.

Then doesn't that make Master's Wife...

The girl's face suddenly turned red!

Sun Rong felt that his brain was a little confused. He could no longer continue listening. He closed the computer with a bang.

Not for other reasons.

It's because Zhuo Yi's narrative process is a bit "obscene." He laughed like an aunt throughout the whole process. It's completely different from the serious Zhuo Yi senior she knows in daily life!

Zhuo Yi Senior. He actually has such a side...

The girl felt incredible.

When he came to his senses, Sun Rong found that the screen of his laptop had cracked because he had turned it off too hard.

This movement directly alerted Mr. Sun, the boss next door.

The old man instinctively thought that his granddaughter had fallen off the bed. He quickly came over to check on the situation.

"Rongrong? Are you okay?" Boss Sun opened the door and came in. His face was full of worry.

It wasn't until I saw Sun Rong sitting upright on the bed that I breathed a sigh of relief.

"I'm fine, grandpa... I just turned off the computer too hard..." the girl said.

"It's okay. It's just a computer. Just get another one."

Mr. Boss Sun looked at Sun Rong. He felt that something was wrong: "Rongrong. Why is your face... so red?"

"Red...is it red..." Sun Rong suddenly became nervous.

She thought of Zhuo Yi's words about "Master's Wife" just now, and her heart beat uncontrollably.

There is a heart rate monitoring device on the side. Sun Rong's heartbeat and blood pressure are increasing rapidly.

The entire machine even sounded an alarm.

Mr. Boss Sun was extremely anxious instantly.

At the same time, he was very puzzled.

This was fine just now. Why is the data suddenly abnormal again?

...

Five or six minutes later, the doctor on duty invited Sun Yiyuan outside the ward after examining Sun Rong.

Mr. Boss Sun was nervous for a while, but he still showed a prepared expression: "Doctor... tell me, what is the problem with my granddaughter? I am already... prepared."

"No. Don't worry, Mr. Sun. I have said it before. Miss Sun is very healthy. There is nothing wrong with her." The doctor shook his head.

"But her heartbeat was abnormally fast..."

"Excuse me. Does Ms. Sun have someone she likes?" the doctor asked bluntly.

"There have always been many people pursuing Rongrong. But I have never seen Rongrong really fall in love with anyone." The old man shook his head.

"Really?" The doctor smiled meaningfully.

Mr. Boss Sun is not stupid. The doctor has already made it so obvious. It is impossible for him not to guess: "Doctor, you mean..."

"Miss Sun, she is in love."

"In love?" Mr. Boss Sun was surprised: "Which boy is this from? How much do you like him?"

"How fast my heart beats. How much I like it."

The doctor said concisely: "But as for who the person you like is, Mr. Sun has to ask it himself."

"I understand. Thank you doctor..." Boss Sun nodded.

...

This night was destined to be a sleepless night for Mr. Boss Sun.

He never thought that his precious granddaughter would be so attracted to someone...

Of course. This "person."

Boss Sun guessed it intuitively.

Considering the girl's feelings, he did not directly ask Sun Rong who he liked.

But according to Boss Sun, the answer is already obvious.

She spent so much effort to save her granddaughter. She even sent her gifts.

I'm afraid there's something like a confession video in the USB flash drive...

That's reasonable!

Everything makes sense!

In the middle of the night, Mr. Boss Sun paced back and forth in front of the bed in the room next to Sun Rong. He was thinking hard about his words.

Around 2 a.m. on Wednesday, December 2nd.

Lord Diulei received a message from Boss Sun.

Sun Yiyuan: "Zhenjun. I'm sorry to bother you so late. I'm very grateful to the Office of Strategic Deception for helping my Sun family. But after all, my granddaughter is only 16 years old...so. I will never agree to Zhenjun and Rongrong's marriage!"

Lord Diulei: "





Chapter 1341 The price of disobedience


When Boss Sun found out that the person Sun Rong liked was Lord Diulei.

For the first time, he had the urge to crash into tofu.

Although love can transcend age...

But the span is too big. It can easily reach the waist!

At the tender age of 16, how did Rong Rong fall in love with the head of the Office of Strategic Deception?

He thinks young people are too impulsive.

At this time, the elderly at home must come out as a calming agent to calm down the head in love again.

Of course, the old man strongly opposed this marriage. In fact, there is another very important reason, that is, someone entrusted him to be a matchmaker for Lord Diulei...

What should I do now?

Mr. Boss Sun himself doesn't know what to do.

Office of Strategic Deception and Huaguo Shuilian Group are currently also partners.

Even if you can't become a grandson-in-law, you are still a friend.

At least in terms of wording. He needs to pay extra attention.

You can no longer just throw money at someone's face like you usually do with ordinary people. Then ask: "How much money do you need to leave my precious granddaughter?"

That kind of picture was applied to Lord Diulei. Sun Yiyuan felt that he couldn't figure it out and was out of place.

The most important thing is.

This matter is of great importance!

It also concerns the reputation of his precious granddaughter...

Never let others know.

He can only negotiate privately in person.

With a frown on his face, Boss Sun's cell phone rang.

It's Lord Diulei calling...

...

When Lord Diulei received a text message from Boss Sun.

For the first time, he had the urge to kill himself on broccoli.

Isn't my USB flash drive used to complete Miss Sun's memory?

Why did he suddenly become opposed to his marriage to Miss Sun?

For a moment, Lord Diulei shivered.

I almost couldn't even hold my phone steady...

Don't say that Mr. Boss Sun is opposed to this marriage.

Even if he carries eighty sedans to ask him to be the son-in-law of the Sun family.

He doesn't have the guts either!

So now comes the problem.

How did this misunderstanding arise...

After being greeted by this text message from Boss Sun, Lord Diulei couldn't sleep now.

He felt that he must explain clearly as soon as possible before it caused a big problem.

After dialing Boss Sun's cell phone, Lord Diulei looked aggrieved.

As soon as the phone was picked up, Mr. Boss Sun's first words were: "Zhenjun! You finally called! It's okay! You can slowly raise the conditions... We can all discuss it. As long as you don't be with Rongrong."

Lord Diulei couldn't laugh or cry: "I actually didn't want to be with Miss Sun..."

"Could it be that, Zhenjun, you still want to ride on a few more boats?"

"..."

Lord Diulei took a deep breath: "Mr. Sun, calm down! I think there may be a misunderstanding about this matter!"

"What misunderstanding? My granddaughter's heart beat faster after receiving the USB flash drive from your Office of Strategic Deception! The doctor said that Rongrong is in love. So I think there must be some confession video recorded in it, right?"

"Mr. Sun didn't watch the video?"

"I didn't look at it. This is Rongrong's."

"But Miss Sun received more than just my USB flash drive... Why did Mr. Sun think that she would like me?"

Sun Yiyuan was stunned when he heard these words.

Then very quickly. Boss Sun was suddenly startled: "Maybe! Rongrong likes this guy Zhuo Yi!"

Lord Diulei: "

have to...

This is completely missing the point!

Compared to Lord Diulei...

Zhuo Yi actually made Boss Sun even more unacceptable.

There is no other reason. Mainly because I don't like the hairstyle.

Every time Mr. Boss Sun sees Zhuo Yi's curly hair, he has the urge to cut it off...

Helpless. Lord Diulei had no choice but to remind her more deeply: "Boss Mr. Sun, do you still remember that not long ago... Miss Sun actually confessed her love?"

Boss Sun was confused: "Rongrong confessed his love? When did it happen?"

As soon as the words came out.

Lord Diulei noticed that something was wrong with the whole thing. At that time, the incident of Sun Rong confessing to Wang Ling caused a sensation on the Internet.

Although it was quickly suppressed afterwards, it stands to reason that Mr. Boss Sun's memory cannot completely forget it.

Could it be that the effects of the "physical amnesia" caused by the death of the Heavenly Dao brothers, combined with the "5% directional global amnesia" effect caused by excessive force... directly caused Mr. Boss Sun to intermittently have "sequelae." The effect of causing amnesia Be strengthened. Forget things that should not be forgotten?

After much thought, Lord Diulei felt that this was the only explanation that was the most reasonable.

If there is no such thing as your brother in Boss Sun's current memory.

My current act of sending a USB flash drive may indeed arouse suspicion...

Now, since Sun Yiyuan no longer remembers Sun Rong's confession.

Lord Diulei felt that if he mentioned it again, he might make the whole incident more complicated.

He took a deep breath and explained clearly: "Mr. Sun, you misunderstood. I can be 100% sure. The person Miss Sun likes is not me. Nor is I the one who gave the gift this time. Anyone... Sun The guy the girl likes is at Number 60 High School."

Lord Diulei felt that he could only remind him so much.

The best thing left is to wait for Mr. Boss Sun to calm down and recall it.

"Then...I'm really sorry, Zhen-kun. I bothered you so late."

Now it was Boss Sun who felt a little embarrassed.

He believed what Lord Diulei said.

The dignified head of the Office of Strategic Deception.

When faced with such a personal issue, you would never lie to him.

After hanging up the phone, Mr. Boss Sun also touched his chin and fell into deep thought.

Did Rongrong confess to someone before?

This is a big deal!

There's no way he doesn't remember...

Sun Yiyuan was calling Jiang Xiaoche to ask about the situation.

As a result, at this time, a sweet female voice suddenly sounded in his ears: "His name is Wang Ling--"

"Who is it?" Sun Yiyuan stood up in shock.

However, the room was empty. No one appeared.

Boss Sun didn't notice.

Right in the blind spot of his sight.

There was a figure. It quickly spread out from the gap...

...

At this time, the expression on Sun Ying'er's face looked a little excited.

It turns out that taking revenge on Wang Ying is such a happy thing!

Ha! I want her to delete the information in the cloud disk. Isn't it because she doesn't want Sun Rong to know Wang Ling!

She just did the opposite!

Here. After reminding Boss Sun, Sun Ying'er quickly came to Sun Rong's room.

She did not reveal her true form, but instead used the form of a shadow to whisper in the girl's ear: "Cloud--Disk--Small--Note--Book--"

However, she just finished speaking.

A more domineering shadow quietly appeared behind her.

"Um?"

The familiar voice made Sun Ying'er's whole body stand up.

"I...I didn't mean it...really!" She tried to be cute.

Then. There is no more.

Sun Ying'er's shadow was dragged out completely by Wang Ying...





Chapter 1342 Wang Ying's Punishment


The moment he was dragged out by Wang Ying, Sun Ying'er already realized that something was wrong.

In front of this man who existed like a tyrant, she was completely unable to display any abilities. She was like a fish on the chopping board... No, maybe more pitiful than a fish!

At least the fish can still struggle. But she doesn't seem to even have the right to struggle...

"I knew it. You wouldn't be honest."

Wang Ying took Sun Ying'er's hand and dragged the girl quickly through the earth's atmosphere to the moon.

The spirit of the moon was frightened...

He was repaired to 780% by Wang Ling last time. Wang Ling rushed to do other things.

The remaining damaged parts of the Moon Spirit had to heal themselves.

This will make Wang Ying bring Sun Ying'er to the moon. The moon spirit suddenly felt a sense of despair in his heart.

He was afraid that Wang Ying would use his infamous {Planet thumping technique} again...

In the entire extraterrestrial area to the west of the Milky Way, the spirits of the major planets were wailing all over the place due to Wang Ying's extremely overbearing tactics. However, they had no way to complain. There was no way to report it.

After landing on the moon, Wang Ying felt the ground beneath his feet tremble slightly. He immediately knew what the Moon Spirit was thinking.

He smiled: "Yue Ling, don't worry. I'm just borrowing a place today. I won't cause any harm to you."

Hearing this, the Moon Spirit breathed a sigh of relief.

"You, can you please stop being so rude every time..." Sun Ying'er pretended to be scratched and stabbed by Wang Ying. In fact, Wang Ying's little strength could not really scratch Sun Ying'er. er.

After all, he is the Lord of the Void. How can his physical fitness be so fragile?

"I told you to be honest, but you didn't listen, so I had to treat you this way."

Wang Ying scratched Sun Ying'er's claw marks with his thumb: "If you don't have a long memory, you will suffer a big loss in the end. Have you forgotten the mark I left on you? As long as I want. No matter when, what I can track you wherever you are!"

"Hmph. Don't talk too much. Anyway, it's too late to say anything now! Rongrong already knows everything!"

"So what if you know?"

Wang Ying shrugged indifferently: "Anyway, your master is just a piece of wood. He can't have feelings for others."

Sun Ying'er was in disbelief when he heard these words: "You all know that you still..."

But soon. Sun Ying'er figured it out immediately.

Wang Ying did it on purpose!

He would have arrived a long time ago. He would not follow the orders!

That's why I set up this trap and waited for her to get out of it!

The reason is to wait for her to make a mistake and then punish her...

Eh... so perverted!

Sun Ying'er couldn't help but shuddered when she thought of this. Goosebumps all over her body.

"Heh. You finally found out?"

At this time, Wang Ying suddenly stepped forward and pushed Sun Ying'er directly to the ground of the moon.

He grabbed the girl's wrist, raised it above her head, intertwined their fingers, and suppressed her tightly.

The extremely familiar wall-dong posture made Sun Ying'er's heart beat faster instantly.

The girl blushed and turned her face to the side: "You promised... there will be no wall-dong today..."

"This is to help you recall the previous punishment. The mistake you made today is worth 407 planet wall slams. I have already remembered it."

"Why 407 times!!! So spicy!!!" Sun Ying'er protested.

"I'm happy. I decided the number arbitrarily." Wang Ying chuckled: "If you are more honest in the future, I can reduce the sentence."

"Then it's better to just avoid jail!" Sun Ying'er felt that he had seized the opportunity.

"It is impossible to avoid punishment. Otherwise, wouldn't my planets be repaired in vain?"

Wang Ying said, "Earlier, I grabbed you and crashed thousands of planets in the deep western part of the Extraterrestrial Galaxy. It was indeed a bit too much. So now, I've already sent a split body over to fix it. It will probably be repaired tomorrow. Once it's fixed, I'll bring you over for your punishment."

In Wang Ying's opinion, punishment must be necessary when dealing with a dishonest woman like Sun Ying'er who is full of rebellious accusations.

Sun Ying'er looked aggrieved: "Why do you understand...I think it will be executed the day after tomorrow, the day after tomorrow, the day after tomorrow. It's the same! You have to give me a chance to reduce my sentence!"

"I don't want you to feel. I want me to feel."

Wang Ying pinched Sun Ying'er's cheek, which looked thin but felt good to the touch. She carefully felt the soft touch from her fingertips.

He felt that the girl was about to cry from being squeezed by him. He couldn't help but laugh in his heart: "Are you a fruit? Water will flow when you squeeze it? The Lord of the Void loves to shed tears so much?"

"Who...who is crying!" Sun Ying'er pursed her lips and puffed up her cheeks, trying to hold back her tears.

"Very good." Wang Ying gently brushed away the tears hanging on the girl's eyelashes: "In the future, you are not allowed to cry in front of me. This is the fourth rule I have set for you."

"Devil! You are the devil!"

Except for devil. Sun Ying'er feels like he can't find any words to describe Wang Ying.

"It seems that your understanding of me is not very clear."

Wang Ying released Sun Ying'er's hand.

A man and a woman remained in a posture of banging against the wall for an unknown amount of time.

At this moment, Wang Ying stood up from the ground and said, "In addition, my Lord, I have something to ask you."

"Hmph. Who's going to tell you! The devil is a pervert! No! It's a perverted devil!" Sun Ying'er cursed angrily in a very soft voice, as if he had exhausted all his strength.

However, in Wang Ying's opinion, this kind of scolding sounds like coquettishness.

Not only will it not anger others, but it will make Wang Ying feel like he wants to bully Sun Ying'er.

He tried hard to restrain his urge to "bully" Sun Ying'er. He tried to use a calm tone and said: "That's a good answer. The sentence can be reduced. You should consider it."

"I said!" Sun Ying'er nodded quickly.

When she thought about the 407 planet wall bangs tomorrow... her despair could almost be written on her face!

At this critical moment, it would be better if we could reduce it a little.

"After you become the Lord of the Void, what will the old Lord of the Void do?" Wang Ying asked.

"Of course it's retirement! The void creatures can't die anyway." Sun Ying'er replied.

"Very good." Wang Ying nodded with satisfaction: "I have a second question."

"Why don't you tell me first...I may not know..."

"Do you know anything about the fortune teller? Since you are Miss Sun's shadow, I think you may have heard something about the fortune teller."

"Isn't he just a charlatan? I've seen what he looks like."

Sun Ying'er said.

But as she spoke, her mind suddenly went blank. She couldn't think of anything!

This feeling made Sun Ying'er extremely frightened: "That's wrong! It's obviously in my mind... But why... I suddenly can't remember it!"

Sun Ying'er's expression was extremely anxious. Tears began to roll in his eyes again.

Wang Ying judged that Sun Ying'er was not uncooperative on purpose this time, so he did not blame him too much.

But he couldn't understand why Sun Ying'er was so anxious. He was so anxious that he almost cried.

"It's okay if you can't remember it. I don't blame you." Wang Ying said.

"Really?" Sun Ying'er couldn't believe it.

"Really." Wang Ying nodded.

Wang Ying can actually speak human words.

She was afraid that she didn't answer just now and Wang Ying would punish her again.

"Then how much can my sentence be reduced by the answer I just gave?" At this time, Sun Ying'er asked.

"406." Wang Ying replied.

"406? So many!" Sun Ying'er was instantly surprised.

"No. There are 406 times left. The sentence is reduced by 1 time. Based on the value of the answer you just answered. It's only worth that much."

"Wang Ying, just wait. Sooner or later, I will definitely escape to a place where you can't catch me..." Sun Ying'er stared at Wang Ying, with an angry little mouth and gritted teeth.

"You can try." Wang Ying spread his hands and showed a confident smile.





Chapter 1343 Love Experience Exchange Meeting


Sun Ying'er was released after being forced by Wang Ying to write his first review on the moon.

In the wording of the self-review, Ms. Ying'er vividly demonstrated how to write the word "humble"...

She made a mistake in front of Wang Ying. Does she still have the courage?

But when I was actually writing the review, I had scolded Wang Ying more than 8,000 times in my heart.

Every time I write a word, I have to curse ten times.

Wang Ying didn't know where Ying'er learned these curse words.

They don't seem to be the same...

More Zaun than Zaun players.

In this regard, Wang Ying established the fifth rule: "Don't have random thoughts when writing. Otherwise, you may increase the number of words in your composition."

"Absolutely!" Sun Ying'er knew she couldn't resist.

He had no choice but to stretch out his fingers, pull his eyelids, and stick out his tongue.

Use this behavior to declare your dissatisfaction.

Just like a childish ghost.

So that night, Wang Ying gave Sun Ying'er a new nickname: Ying Sansui.

...

When being released by Wang Ying, Sun Ying'er discovered that Sun Rong was video chatting with Liu Qingyi.

Both girls were blushing slightly and seemed to be discussing something animatedly.

"What are you talking about?" Sun Ying'er quickly came over and turned into a shadow and stuck to Sun Rong.

There are often people moving around in the hospital. Boss Sun is right next door.

Sun Ying'er was worried that his humanoid form might be discovered by others, so he made this decision.

Compared to the human form, the shadow form is safer.

Seeing that Sun Rong didn't look surprised at all when he heard his voice. Sun Ying'er knew immediately. Sun Rong had remembered his existence!

hey-hey!

She is indeed the woman of my family!

As expected of Rongrong!

"Have you finished writing Miss Ying'er's review? Her attitude is very sincere. We all read it." Opposite the video, Liu Qingyi couldn't help but smile when she saw Sun Ying'er's return.

When he thought that his self-examination was "publicly executed", Sun Ying'er's shadow turned red: "He...he went too far! Why do you show everything to others! This Wang Ying! I will definitely do it in the future I want him to look good!"

"Haha. Don't be angry, Miss Ying'er. It's actually nothing. Master of Shadows is trying to spur you on."

Liu Qingyi said with a smile: "If you practice in the void world for a hundred years, you probably won't get as much benefit as staying on Earth for a year. Following Ling Zhenren is beneficial. If you really hate Wang Ying, you should stay on Earth."

"Is that so..." Sun Ying'er was doubtful.

"And in essence, your abilities all start with Shadow, which is Ling Zhenren's sister's original ability. If you want to defeat Wang Ying, you have to please Ling Zhenren's sister." Liu Qingyi said.

"Yes! I understand!" Sun Ying'er nodded.

I have to say. Liu Qingyi pointed out a new idea to her!

She asked why she couldn't use her Shadow ability in front of Wang Ying!

I'm afraid it was Ling Zhenren's sister who gave the hateful Wang Ying some privileges.

Huh! What a shameful permission dog!

Follow the path pointed by Liu Qingyi. Then as long as you please Ling Zhenren's sister in the future and obtain the same privileged abilities as Wang Ying, then you no longer need to be afraid of Wang Ying!

At least. You can get rid of Wang Ying's tracking.

Now Sun Ying'er feels that his hatred for Wang Ying has almost reached the critical point.

The claw marks left by Wang Ying on her wrist were like the golden hoop on Sun Wukong's head. Sun Ying'er wanted to take it off all the time.

"Rongrong. What are you talking about? I see it's a lively conversation."

At this time, Sun Ying'er asked.

She wanted to join in the conversation between the two women.

"It's nothing...just some..." Sun Rong's face was hot. When he spoke, he became a little embarrassed.

Liu Qingyi quickly added: "Nothing. Just some experience in love."

"Love experience? But here we are all single!" Sun Ying'er found it a bit funny.

"I'm afraid you two haven't really been in love yet. I have a lot of experience." Liu Qingyi slapped the table and said with a smile.

She is indeed single now.

But above the divine realm, when she was still the aloof eldest lady of the Liu family, she had so many suitors!

And among so many suitors, it is inevitable that there are many ex-boyfriends.

And this is what Liu Qingyi calls "experience."

"Seems interesting!"

Sun Ying'er said: "What kind of experience do you have? For example, the experience of tongue kissing and drawing?"

"Ying'er!"

Sun RongWhen I thought of this scene, steam started to come out of my head again.

God knows why as his own shadow. Sun Ying'er is so bold!

This makes Sun Rong a little confused...

However.

The shadow of classmate Wang Ling is Wang Ying. It seems that his personality is opposite to that of classmate Wang Ling.

He is a very domineering type...

When I thought about it, Sun Rong suddenly felt much better.

Because it seems that she is not the only one who is troubled.

"Ahem..."

Liu Qingyi cleared her throat: "Falling in love is a process that every girl or boy will go through. Although I have experience, it is only limited to emotional issues. Other conveniences. I don't know. You need to go it alone. explore."

"Explore on your own? Can you be more specific?"Sun Rong felt that Liu Qingyi's words were very vague.

Liu Qingyi held her forehead. She didn't know whether to laugh or cry: "You can only explore this by yourself. Do you still want me and Miss Sun to simulate tongue kissing and drawing?"

Sun Rong, Sun Ying'er: "..."

"But when it comes to this, I have to kindly remind you!"

At this time, Liu Qingyi put on the posture of an old lady and said: "No matter you are a girl or a boy, love is love. But you must learn to cherish and love yourself! This point. Miss Sun is so smart. I think it should be easy to understand."

"Yeah. I know." Sun Rong nodded.

"Then, if you have any other questions, you can ask me." Liu Qingyi said with a smile in the video.

"I have!"

Sun Ying'er volunteered: "How many boyfriends does Miss Liu have?"

"I can't remember clearly. It's probably a lot." Liu Qingyi said.

She didn't shy away from it, but she really couldn't remember clearly.

But even with so many ex-boyfriends, Liu Qingyi still fully achieved the point of "self-cherishing and self-love."

Among the numerous ex-boyfriends, Liu Qingyi remembers that she only kissed one "ex-boyfriend."

There are many more. I can't even hold hands.

Now these memories were brought back by Sun Ying'er's words, which made Liu Qingyi feel nostalgic.

Sun Rong was about to open his mouth to ask a question when he heard Sun Ying'er ask another question, "How many times did that Miss Liu get laid!"

Hearing this. Sun Rong made a "pop" sound. A mouthful of water sprayed onto the screen.

Liu Qingyi categorically said: "Not even once!"

Sun Ying'er: "Wow! Then you are not a thousand-year-old spinster!"

Liu Qingyi's mouth twitched: "..."

She finally knew why Wang Ying couldn't help but bully Sun Ying'er...





Chapter 1344 Love Experience Exchange Meeting


Sun Ying'er's straightforwardness and sharp tongue are things that Sun Rong does not have.

All I can say is that she is indeed the shadow of the Sun Rong girl... The difference in personality is really obvious.

And the key point is that although Sun Ying'er has a venomous tongue, Liu Qingyi can't get angry at all.

Ying'er's voice was too soft. Even if she heard something outrageous, she would just want to pinch this girl's face.

"Girl Sun Rong. If your personality can complement your shadow, I think it might work." Liu Qingyi smiled in the face-to-face video.

"What?"Sun Rong felt inexplicably hot.

"With Ling Zhenren! With wood like that, you have to take the initiative to drill nails into it. Only then will the relationship be strong!" Liu Qingyi analyzed.

"That's right!" Sun Ying'er supported.

"Girl Ying'er can actually help." Liu Qingyi said.

"Help? Forget it...I still want to live a few more days!"

Thinking of Wang Ying's terrible punishment, Sun Ying'er became scared: "One day, if I get permission, I will definitely make Wang Ying look good! I have to teach him a lesson!"

"Miss Ying'er wants to teach Master of Shadows a lesson. I'm afraid it's not as easy as imagined." Liu Qingyi smiled and said: "And how do I feel? In fact, you don't seem to hate Master of Shadows."

After saying this, Sun Ying'er was instantly excited. Sun Rong saw Sun Ying'er in the shadow state. The outline of the shadow was no longer smooth.

It was as if Liu Qingyi had said something to his mind. The outline of the shadow looked like a kitten with fried fur. He suddenly became excited.

"Who said that! The one I hate the most is him!"

After saying that, Sun Ying'er slipped through the gap as if running away. She didn't know what she was doing.

In front of the screen. Liu Qingyi laughed so hard: "I finally understand why the Master of Shadows likes to bully the Ying'er girl."

"Why?"

"This reaction is so cute! Even when I ran away, my shadow was red!"

Liu Qingyi laughed loudly: "Actually, maybe even Miss Ying'er didn't expect it. She might have fallen in love with Master of Shadows."

"Ah? No way... Wang Ying bullied him like that..." Sun Rong covered her mouth slightly.

"If she really hates it, why is she blushing?" Liu Qingyi clicked her tongue. She looked like she had seen through everything: "It seems that these shadows are going to start fighting first. You two masters also have to work hard."

"Classmate Liu...what are you talking about..."

Sun Rong touched his face. He felt that the temperature began to rise again.

"If you don't understand anything, you can ask me at any time. I'll finish my tutoring today, Miss Sun." Liu Qingyi smiled and then ended the video chat.

The time was fixed at about three o'clock in the morning.

She chatted with Sun Rong for less than an hour.

In front of the screen, along with the words "Video call has been terminated" appeared. Liu Qingyi also breathed a sigh of relief.

The problem with Sun Rong is finally over.

The matter between her and Wang Zhen has not been resolved yet!

The Wang family is indeed made of wood...

She has already hinted so obviously. Wouldn't Wang Zhen take the initiative?

Liu Qingyi felt very tired.

However, she also has her own principles.

In emotional matters, the one who speaks first will definitely lose.

So she would never speak to Wang Zhen first!

Instead, he has to wait for Wang Zhen to take the initiative to confess to himself!

So in this case, it is very important to have a wingman who can make people jealous!

"Senior Gu." At this time, Liu Qingyi turned his attention to Gu Shunzhi who was watching a drama.

When Gu Shunzhi was called by Liu Qingyi, goosebumps arose all over his body again: "Miss Liu, what's the matter..."

"How about going shopping with me today at noon? Let's be a couple for a day?" Liu Qingyi asked.

"..."

Gu Shunzhi choked hard on the Feizhai Happy Water. The expression on his face was extremely shocked: "...Love? Couple?"

On the other side, Sun Ying'er, who was blushing after being talked about, hid aside and wrote a self-criticism.

Her first review was written under the supervision of Wang Ying.

Although the words she wrote were sincere, they were not from her heart.

But now that Wang Ying is not around, Sun Ying'er can finally speak freely.

"Wang Ying is a big pervert! Wang Ying is a big pervert...Wang Ying! Big! Change! Abnormality!" Sun Ying'er wrote a self-criticism all by himself while mumbling words.

800-word review.

She repeated the words "Wang Ying is a pervert" 160 times...

Then throw the pen smoothly.

hey-hey!

Finish!!

...

It's still Wednesday, December 2nd. It's five o'clock in the morning.

Wang Ling knew something was wrong.

He already knows. The memory over there at Sun Rong has not been erased...

Everyone rushed to help Sun Rong. This made Wang Ling himself very embarrassed.

A traitor among the crowd is not the scariest thing.

The most terrifying thing is that everyone is a traitor...

However, to put it bluntly, these people are all friends of Wang Ling. Wang Ling would not necessarily do anything excessive to their friends.

So in this dilemma situation.

Wang Ling subconsciously thinks of escape.

Although it is shameful to escape, it is useful!

For several hours, Wang Ling has been studying the BUG problem of his {Single Curse}.

He decided to carry out another loophole repair work on {Single Curse}...

It's not difficult for Wang Ling to develop spells.

Checking for vulnerabilities is more difficult.

Because there are many loopholes in spells that need to be discovered through practice.

This Wang Ling was used too few times. Every time it was used, loopholes were discovered. Wang Ling only filled it later.

Just at five o'clock in the morning.

Wang Ling has filled in the loopholes of the {{Single Curse}}.

{Single Curse}The bug of the last reverse confession will never appear...

Now, all you have to do is put the aura of the {Single Spell} on yourself.

Wang Ling Believe that you can completely become an insulator in love.

"Is this really good? I feel like something will happen."

Wang Ying was lying on Wang Ling's bed. He put his head on his arm and asked.

He said he was concerned about Wang Ling. But in fact, he was only thinking about Sun Ying'er.

There are still 16 hours left before the 406th planet wall bang will be executed at 8pm tonight.

16 hours is 960 minutes. That is 57,600 seconds...

Wang Ying always has a timer in his heart.

Regarding "bullying" Sun Ying'er, he felt that he was a bit addicted.

He didn't know why I could give birth to such a character...

Regarding Wang Ying. Wang Ling, I feel like I can't understand it more and more.

This straightforward personality makes it easy for problems to arise in the future!

But it's not convenient for him to ask about matters between shadows.

Anyway, now. This {Single Curse} has been upgraded...

Wang Ling's anxious heart finally relaxed slightly.

This time, there should be no more bugs!

...

On the other side. Mr. Sun, the boss of Huaguo Shuilian Group.

After receiving a secret reminder from Sun Ying'er, I finally remembered Wang Ling's last confession.

"It turns out to be this kid!" The old man rubbed his hands.

He has always been quite satisfied with Wang Ling.

But even if Sun Rong is interested in Wang Ling, he, as a grandfather, cannot force boys to like their granddaughter!

They are only 16 years old!

There is still a long road ahead!

"Come here, send me an internal secret." Boss Sun raised his arms and shouted.

"Sir, what's the matter?" Jiang Xiaoche asked.

"There is a young man named Wang Ling. Wherever he goes from now on, as long as it is under our Huaguo Shuilian Group... all services will be upgraded to the highest level. All charges will be borne by our group."

"All rates? Including booking a room?" Jiang Xiaoche said with a smile.

"Mr. Wang, that's not the kind of thing a student would do! You get out!"

The old man kicked Jiang Xiao Che's butt.





Chapter 1345 Pretending to be "Mom's" boyfriend?


Wang Ling found that something is wrong with everyone recently.

From childhood to adulthood.

Wang Ling has never been madly pursued by a friend of the opposite sex.

Sun Rong. This is the first time.

This made Wang Ling feel a little panicked.

Even though he tried to pretend to be calm.

When I was in junior high school.

Wang Ling thought he had a "secret crush" on a girl.

But then Wang Ling recalled it carefully. I didn't think that maybe it wasn't a "secret love."

That feeling was later seen by Wang Ling. It was like a person who loves animals protecting an injured kitten in the rain on the roadside... It is the sympathy and compassion of the strong for the weak.

So until now, Wang Ling has not accurately positioned his feelings.

Emotional stuff. It's so complicated.

He protected Sun Rong in the name of his classmates.

But.

Can that really be called liking?

Is it possible that it is also a kind of compassion for the weak?

If that's the case, maybe he'll let an innocent person get hurt again.

So. Escape became the path chosen by Wang Ling.

He knew that he would never be able to take the initiative like Wang Ying.

Such no hesitation...

Such a vigorous...

Maybe. The existence of Wang Ying.

In fact, it is what he yearns for, but is trying his best to escape from?

Who knows.

A sleepless night. Wang Ling looked out the window. The sun was rising. It was another peaceful day...

Wang Ling knows.

The matter with Sun Rong is not completely over yet.

Unless the person behind the scenes is uncovered, this matter will never be quiet.

...

Gu Shunzhi discovered that something was wrong with the recent trends.

The first is Liu Qingyi and Wang Zhen. These two people seem to have "called"...but so far, no one has the intention to express their feelings first.

In the early hours of the morning, his mother actually asked her to pretend to be her boyfriend.

This miraculous operation made Gu Shunzhi immediately feel like five thunders were striking his head. It was simply more terrifying than the Divine Tribulation Divine Thunder Initiation.

Of course, this happened without Liu Qingyi's complete knowledge. In order not to reveal his true purpose of traveling from the future to Earth, Gu Shunzhi naturally couldn't reveal the truth.

However, this matter still gives Gu Shunzhi a headache.

Before departure, Gu Shunzhi logged into the "Bihu" question and answer platform and asked questions about the situation that was about to happen to him.

[Question: My mom wants me to pretend to be her boyfriend. What should I do?]

[Answer 1: I just mentioned something. This is really embarrassing. So why don't you post a photo of your mother? I think you can find me! I am a male. I am a turtle cultivator. I have a house, a car and money!]

"..."

[Answer 2: I just got off the immortal ship. Thank you for the invitation. The mother of the subject must be a female cultivator who cares about appearance. She also pays great attention to taking care of herself. Judging from her behavior, my mother probably has few friends of the opposite sex. Otherwise, she definitely wouldn't. Let your son pretend to be your boyfriend.]

"..."

The second answer hit the nail on the head. Gu Shunzhi made me speechless for a moment.

Because it's true that Liu Qingyi doesn't have any friends of the opposite sex...

Most of the other core members of the Office of Strategic Deception know Liu Qingyi's identity, but they usually don't have much interaction with him.

Looking for Zhuo Yi. Lord Diulei pretending to be her boyfriend. It's too unrealistic.

So she can only find people from Number 60 High School. And within Number 60 High School, the number of men Liu Qingyi can find is very limited.

She didn't have the guts to go to Wang Ling. She dared to form a CP with Ling Zhenren. She wanted to apologize! And it would definitely make Sun Rong misunderstand... and make a woman jealous. This is a terrible thing. Liu Qingyi I still want to hang out on earth.

And with her current financial strength on earth, it is impossible to defeat Sun Rong...

As for finding Fang Xing, that's even more impossible.

Because she knows it very well.

Fang Xing is on the same boat as Wang Ling. And Fang Xing is very naughty. He might sabotage her plan or something.

So finally.

Liu Qingyi still focused the attention of this wingman tool on herself.

Gu Shunzhi suddenly felt tired.

Pretending to be "mom's" boyfriend. Such a novel thing. Even if he is a person of order, he has never experienced it before!

At this moment, Gu Shunzhi felt confused in his mind.

He didn't know what to say...

...

At noon, the nightmare Gu Shunzhi had been waiting for for a long time finally came.

Liu Qingyi dressed herself up beautifully.

For this plan, the woman has obviously been preparing for a long time. Even the clothes she wears are brand new-a light purple lace dress. The lower body is black stockings and high heels.

Against the backdrop of Liu Qingyi's perfect figure, Gu Shunzhi really felt the scent of her charming mother in the wedding album...

Gu Shunzhi usually sees Liu Qingyi mostly wearing Number 60 High School uniforms. Now after putting on these new clothes, he really seems to be a different person.

People really rely on their clothes!

"What are you doing standing still! Why don't you go change your clothes?" Liu Qingyi looked at Gu Shunzhi standing there dumbfounded and couldn't help but remind him.

"Change clothes?" Gu Shunzhi lowered his head and looked at his own clothes. He was wearing casual clothes. There was nothing wrong with him.

"You don't have a suit? This outfit doesn't match me!" Liu Qingyi frowned.

This straight male aesthetic is simply hopeless!

Sure enough, there still has to be a woman in this family to teach the boys how to dress!

Fortunately, she had already prepared and took out the high-end suit she had prepared.

"Where did you get the money..." Gu Shunzhi was shocked.

"I shared my love experience with Miss Sun last night. Miss Sun was so happy that she gave me a call of 100,000 yuan. Getting a suit is not a matter of minutes. Express delivery is so convenient now. The Spirit Sword is directional transmission. It will be there in a moment." Liu Qingyi said.

"This teaching is actually paid?" Gu Shunzhi was shocked.

"Let's talk about it first. I didn't confiscate it to Miss Sun. It was forced by Miss Sun. She said she would trouble me if anything happens in the future. She also gave me a black card of the Huaguo Shuilian Group. As long as it is a member of the Huaguo Shuilian Group, Products are all available at a 30% discount." Liu Qingyi smiled.

Then she took the initiative to take off Gu Shunzhi's clothes and planned to put them on for Gu Shunzhi.

Gu Shunzhi was shocked: "What are you doing..."

Liu Qingyi: "What else can I do? Let me change your clothes!"

This action reminded Gu Shunzhi instantly of the memory of Liu Qingyi changing his clothes when he was a child.

Then, it directly caused Gu Shunzhi's memory to be temporarily confused.

So, in desperation, Gu Shunzhi spilled the beans.

"Mom. Don't move...I'll do it myself!"

"Mom?"

Liu Qingyi was stunned.

"I mean...please don't move. I'll do it myself."

Gu Shunzhi was smart enough to get the conversation started.

Liu Qingyi patted Gu Shunzhi's supple ass, stared at Gu Shunzhi's crotch, and couldn't help but laugh: "I've seen a lot of people, and I have seen a lot of things, but I still don't care about this area of a few pounds of meat."

After saying that, Liu Qingyi stepped on her high heels and turned the door handle without looking back: "Hurry up and put them on. I'll wait for you at the elevator entrance."

"..." Gu Shunzhi was already in a mess.





Chapter 1346 Sun Rong Jealousy Plan


Under the building of the cadre apartment. A luxurious red convertible supercar is parked here.

The sports car was rented by Liu Qingyi using a black card from the Huaguo Shuilian Group. The cost of renting one was 2,000.

She has spare money now. Naturally, she won't feel bad about this mere two thousand yuan.

Since it's the tumor fish that makes Wang Zhen jealous.

Now we have to take it one step at a time.

No matter how much money he spends, Liu Qingyi will not feel bad.

Of course, it's not enough to just go in and out...

Gu Shunzhi was sitting in the driver's seat. He noticed that Liu Qingyi was chatting with someone.

The woman typed extremely fast.

He didn't know where I learned the lightning fingering technique. The tapping speed is comparable to that of Fujitaka.

"I'm chatting with my classmate Sun Rong." Liu Qingyi said while typing.

"What are you talking about?" Gu Shunzhi was curious.

"You are pretending to be my boyfriend today. And my purpose is to cure Wang Zhen. So I can just teach jealousy. I estimate that Jin will spend a lot of money. You can't just go in and out!" Liu Qingyi said with a smile.

Gu Shunzhi clicked his tongue. He felt that the woman in front of him was indeed the same as his father. She was a calculating guy!

Never let yourself suffer!

"Aren't you? Don't you accept money?" Gu Shunzhi asked with a smile.

"Of course it's free in name. This is selling a favor to sister Sun Rong. In order to return the favor, sister Sun Rong will definitely give me a red envelope. In this way, I have done the favor, and Sun Rong has done it with my classmates. The relationship with Sun Rong has improved. At the same time, receiving the red envelope will not make classmate Sun Rong feel uncomfortable." Liu Qingyi said.

Gu Shunzhi was amazed when he heard this.

His mother's skill was so clever that it was beyond his reach.

"Come to think of it. Is there really friendship between girls?"

Gu Shunzhi started the sports car and asked a very curious question.

In fact, I also want to hear "Mom's" opinion.

Although pretending to be a "boyfriend" is embarrassing.

But this is also an opportunity to get to know my mother better.

"Of course there are."

Liu Qingyi replied while typing: "The premise is that the boyfriend is not the same. Otherwise, even if they are best friends, they can fall out if they fall out."

"..."

Gu Shunzhi: "Where are we going?"

"The Changyang Xiuzhen Aquarium in the city center." Liu Qingyi said.

"Why go there?"

"Wei Zhi introduced Wang Zhen to a part-time job. It's right there. It's a little bit harder, but the salary is high. Since I want him to be jealous, of course I have to hang out in front of him."

Liu Qingyi thought about the scene in her mind: "Just think about it. A man is working hard in the aquarium. Then at this moment, the girl who attracted his heart suddenly walks back and forth intimately in front of his eyes with a white face..."

"So I...I am a white-faced person?"

"It's just a metaphor, brother. Don't mind it so much."

Liu...

Qingyi smiled and said: "When you think about it like this, do you feel like you are burning with anger?"

"Indeed Ying" Gu Shunzhi nodded: "You haven't thought about it. What if I get beaten by him?"

"Come on. Can he beat you?" Liu Qingyi smiled.

"So... have you settled all this?" Gu Shunzhi smiled helplessly.

"I have been planning it since I came back from the Jiulongshan competition."

"..."

Gu Shunzhi sighed again.

A woman's heart is like a needle in the sea!

His mummy. It's terrible!

But this matter, from his own point of view, Gu Shunzhi is definitely going to cause trouble.

Otherwise he would have to run away with another man!

And what if his mother ran away with another man!

Not only is his mother gone, but he himself is gone too!

The above sentences sound a bit like swearing...

But it was definitely Gu Shunzhi's call from the bottom of his heart: Cang! Save the child!

When the sports car is halfway through.

Gu Shunzhi asked another magical question: "Have you ever thought about what if your action overturns?"

"My plan is very detailed. It is impossible to overturn." Liu Qingyi kept smiling.

She is very confident in her "Sweet and Sour Carp Plan."

But in fact, what Liu Qingyi didn't know was.

In the aquarium. There is a "surprise" waiting for her...

...

Time goes back a few hours ago.

In the early morning, Wang Zhen received a text message from Gu Shunzhi.

It says Liu Qingyi's "Sweet and Sour Carp Plan."

"Are you planning to pretend to be your boyfriend to make me jealous..."

Wang Zhen stared at the message from Gu Shunzhi. The corners of his mouth twitched.

Such behavior is tantamount to wanting to anger him and induce him to confess first!

Oh!

What a "vicious" plan!

"Good brother! Thank you for telling me all this!" Wang Zhen sent a text message to Gu Shunzhi to thank him.

Then quickly delete all chat records.

It would definitely be wrong to let Liu Qingyi fire unilaterally

So Wang Zhen made a decision - take this opportunity to counterattack!

You can find someone to pretend to be your boyfriend.

Then I can also find someone to pretend to be my girlfriend!

Let's see who can't stand it first!

Then, a brand new plan was born from the bottom of Wang Zhen's heart...

Of course. The prerequisite for the implementation of this plan is.

He must find someone willing to pretend to be his girlfriend.

This put Wang Zhen in distress for a while.

He doesn't have many close friends of the opposite sex... Many girls from Number 60 High School are interested in him. They even write him love letters! Wang Zhen read a few of them. They were so disgusting!

Ask these girls for help. They will naturally agree.

But Wang Zhen was really afraid. It would be bad if these children took it for real and acted like a fake!...

By then, not only would Liu Qingyi not be caught, he would also be charged with playing with emotions.

Think left and right.

Wang Zhen thought of a very suitable candidate.

But it's not easy to invite this person...

Wang Zhen used his lifelong literary skills to think hard about the wording.

I sent a text message to my favorite person...

...

6 a.m.

Wang Zhen went out to work pretending to have nothing to do.

This was the job Wei Zhi introduced to him after he came back from Jiulongshan. He heard that he was short of money.

Mainly as a breeder feeding the animals.

Because spiritual beasts have a certain wildness. If it weren't for Wang Zhen's rough skin and thick flesh, which resists bites, he might not have been chosen.

The reporting time was actually at 9 o'clock.

But before that, Wang Zhen needs to meet someone first.

Fang Xing's noodle shop Zheng

"Brother Fang Xing! My happiness! I leave it to you!"

Wang Zhen knelt down and bowed his head sincerely.

"Your story sounds very interesting. It's not that I don't want to help. It's just a matter of time. I don't accept large-scale contact."

"Don't worry, Mr. Fang. I won't accept it either... I'm just pretending. At most, I can borrow a seat!"

"Let me borrow my seat. Which school?"

Fang Xing smiled: "Miss Liu has never seen me look feminine. As long as I dress up a little, she won't be able to recognize it. It's just..."

Just this busy.

He can't help in vain.

Wang Zhen is really not an idiot. He immediately understood what Fang Xing meant: "Whatever Mr. Fang wants, as long as I can do it, I can do it!"

"I'm not busy here. Let me ask you a question first."

Fang Xing asked: "I heard that many people thoughtfully sent us USB drives in order to help Miss Sun recover her memory?"

"I didn't!"

Wang Zhen answered firmly.

"Don't be so nervous. It doesn't matter if you send it. It is a general trend for Miss Sun to become a core member of the Office of Strategic Deception. If anyone wants to send a USB flash drive, just send it. What I care about is whether classmate Sun Rong is really like that I like classmate Wang Ling."

At this time, Fang Xing held his chin and said.

Testing Sun Rong's attitude was something he had always planned.

He felt that now was a particularly good opportunity.

"What does Brother Fang mean?"

"I heard that Brother Wang Zhen is actually very popular at Number 60 High School?"

"This...is okay..."

"No need to be modest. Brother Wang Zhen."

Fang Xing smiled: "The favor I want you to do is actually just a matter of raising your hand. I want you to send the girls love letters to you, transferred to the home of Ling Zhenren and the desk! It's best to put a few copies in Sun Rong's desk as well.

"But Brother Fang Xing can also do this..."

"Boys' wording is different from girls' wording." Fang Xing revealed his troubles: "I often receive letters from some boys."

Wang Zhen: "???"

Both men and women are welcome. As expected of classmate Fang Xing, who is known as the heartthrob...

"But... can I do this?"

However, Wang Zhen still had some concerns about Fang Xing's proposal.

"Why not? Just change the name of the letter. After removing the real characters of Wang Zhen, it will be classmate Wang. Who knows whether it is written to you or to Wang Ling?" Fang Xing said.

"I can ask. What's the purpose of doing this..." Wang Zhen didn't understand.

Fang Xing smiled: "I want to see if classmate Sun Rong. will be jealous."

"Okay! Deal!" So Wang Zhen gritted his teeth and agreed.

At this moment, the two men reached a consensus.





Chapter 1347 Listen to Mom


In the morning. Wang Ling chose a place. I planned to test the effect of my improved {Single Spell}.

Normally Wang Ling would not go out of his way to test spells.

But there are still a few days until Number 60 High School starts.

Wang Ling has a lot of spare time.

In addition, today's homework is finished. The video of self-study has also been recorded.

So why not go out and test the spell.

Principal Chen is said to have spent a lot of money on the green environment of the school.

Wang Ling Actually I want to see when school resumes next Monday.

What changes will happen to Number 60 High School?

Wang Ling dressed herself up very well. Mask, sunglasses and cap. None of them were pulled down.

A high-collar linen windbreaker and a pair of slim-fitting jeans fully reflect his good figure.

As for Wang Ling's outfit today.

The evaluation of the book of Sage Immortal is: It's a bit like a private detective who goes out to investigate his mistress.

So before Wang Ling went out, he stuffed the book of Sage Immortal into Lord Ma's mouth...

Test the spell. A suitable testing location is of course required.

As for the choice of location, Wang Ling already has the answer.

Changyang Xiuzhen Aquarium in the city center.

It is a place where many couples hang out.

That's right. Wang Ling is testing the spell on couples who openly show off their affection in public places like aquariums.

However, Wang Ling is not from the FFF group.

Breaking up a marriage is a very unethical thing.

So Wang Ling is actually somewhat prepared for this.

He added a new temporary additional condition to the {Single Spell}: thirty minutes after the spell takes effect, the {Single Spell} effect will be removed. And the couple will completely forget everything that happened between the spells. Unpleasant memories.

As long as this condition exists.

Wang Ling can be tested normally without damaging the relationship between the young lovers.

It was about nine o'clock in the morning.

Wang Ling has already arrived in front of the aquarium.

This is the largest aquarium in the city center. The entire annex is made of glazed tiles. It presents a...

The shape of a whale.

At twelve o'clock at noon, there will be a fountain show on the top of the aquarium. A large number of people come here to watch it every day.

Even on this working day, there is still an unprecedented grand scene in front of this venue.

There was a long queue at the ticket window.

Wang Ling queued for nearly thirty minutes.

"Sir, please show your second-generation ID card. Real-name registration is required to enter our venue." The lady at the ticket window said warmly and politely.

Wang Ling took the initiative to hand over his ID card.

The young lady finished swiping her identity information. Then she stood up with a face full of shock: "I didn't know Mr. Wang was here! Please don't blame Mr. Wang!"

"..." Wang Ling's mouth twitched.

Wang...Mr. Wang?

When will he become President Wang...

"Mr. Wang can actually take the green channel next to the aquarium! You can enter the coffin directly with your ID card. There is no need to buy a ticket." The young lady smiled and pointed politely to the direction of the green channel next to the aquarium.

"Hmm..."Wang Ling was confused. He had no idea what was going on.

After leaving the team, I made some calculations with my fingers. I found out that it was Mr. Boss Sun who was responsible...

The aquarium of feelings is also a property of the Huaguo Shuilian Group?

The expression on Wang Ling's face was slightly helpless.

Aren't you a drug seller...

Why is the industrial chain underneath so rich?

Not many people can enter directly from the green channel. Wang Ling does not need to queue at all.

Just swipe your ID card and the fence of the green channel will open automatically.

"Welcome Mr. Wang!"

As soon as Wang Ling's ID card was swiped on, the artificial intelligence AI device on the fence made a sound. Wang Ling was shocked.

This is too high-profile.

Make Wang Ling feel a little uncomfortable...

After entering the gate, among the row of VIP tour guides standing in front of the gate, a tall and beautiful woman immediately came over and said, "Mr. Wang, do you need guide service?"

Wang Ling shook his head.

He refused on the spot. His main purpose was to test the spell. It was too inconvenient to have someone following him all over the place.

"Okay, Mr. Wang." The guide sister always smiled. Then she took the initiative to hand over a map of the venue: "All the facilities in the venue...

And restaurants. Mr. Wang can enjoy free VIP service with his ID card."

This map is specially made for the venue. It has the functions of automatic positioning and navigation projection.

Wang Ling can even place orders directly through the smart map.

There will be staff in the museum immediately to deliver what you want.

Open the restaurant that night.

Wang Ling browsed around the dazzling array of high-end seafood delicacies.

After discovering that there were no instant noodles, I angrily clicked the "×" in the upper right corner of the map.

Then, he searched the map again and walked in the direction of "Love Hall."

In the Love Pavilion, all the captive water spirit beasts appear in pairs. Many couples will watch there...

For Wang Ling. It's a perfect place to test spells.

Follow the map's navigation function to move forward.

At this time, two familiar figures flashed past Wang Ling.

He saw Wang Zhen wearing the aquarium work uniform. He also walked towards the Love Pavilion.

And right next to Wang Zhen, a beautifully dressed girl gently held his arm.

Wang Ling rubbed his eyes. He was sure that he saw it correctly.

At the same time. The shock in Wang Ling's heart was like a thunderous initiation...

Wang Zhen in work uniform.

And Fang Xing in her feminine state...

Why are these two people here?

And it looks like the relationship is very close...

Wang Ling feels messy...

...

The so-called master's skill is fatal. It refers to the current situation of Liu Qingyi and Wang Zhen.

After parking the sports car in the underground parking lot of the aquarium, Gu Shunzhi held the steering wheel. His temples were sweating.

Don't know why. He always has a bad feeling.

"What are you doing standing there? Get out of the car. Why do you look so worried today?" Liu Qingyi felt that something was wrong with Wang Zhen's situation.

Gu Shunzhi opened his mouth and almost followed the words and called Liu Qingyi "Mom."

Pretending to be "Mom's" boyfriend. It's not easy.

Now, Gu Shunzhi has to think clearly every time he opens his mouth.

Can't follow the willow...

Qingyi continued her words.

What if I say "Mom" smoothly...

Everything fell into place.

"I just think, wouldn't it be good if we did this?" Gu Shunzhi was reluctant to give up, mainly because he did feel a very strong ominous premonition.

"I'm here. What are you afraid of! If something happens, I will take full responsibility!"

Liu Qingyi acted very resolutely. He stepped forward, took Gu Shunzhi's hand, and dragged him out.

Gu Shunzhi had no choice but to compromise: "Mom, please slow down..."

Liu Qingyi: "???"

Gu Shunzhi: "Trouble. Slow down..."

Liu Qingyi let go of her hand and frowned: "No! This is not the first time I heard you call me mom!"

Has it been discovered...

The expression on Gu Shunzhi's face was tense for a moment.

Just when he thought Liu Qingyi might have guessed everything.

At this moment, Liu Qingyi suddenly bent down and asked with great concern: "Do you have a serious Oedipus1 complex?"

1(Oedipus is a mythological Greek King who killed his father and married his mother.) Gu Shunzhi: "???"

"It's okay. I actually don't discriminate against mommies. Even if you look younger than me, you can't just call a girl mom. Do you understand? But because of our cooperative relationship, if you call me mom in private, I won't be angry. "Who makes my son so handsome?" Liu Qingyi smiled and reached out to rub Gu Shunzhi's head.

Gu Shunzhi was shocked again: "..."

Fucking brain circuitry. It's so amazing!

For a moment, he found it difficult to resist!

At this time, Liu Qingyi smiled: "So, since I am your mother, should I, as a son, listen to my mother and not let her get hurt?"

Gu Shunzhi was about to cry but had no tears: "I want to grow up quickly so I can protect her..."

Liu Qingyi nodded with satisfaction: "Be good! Follow mom. Pretend to be your boyfriend!"

Gu Shunzhi: "..."





Chapter 1348 Boss Mr. Sun is very satisfied with his "grandson-in-law"


Gu Shunzhi actually regrets taking the initiative to inform Wang Zhen of the news.

His original intention was to make Wang Zhen think that his mother Liu Qingyi was a "very scheming" woman, thus making Wang Zhen feel disgusted with Liu Qingyi.

Unexpectedly, Wang Zhen was so stimulated by him. Instead, he became more energetic!

He actually found a fake girlfriend to pretend to be a couple...

When he heard the news, the uneasiness in Gu Shunzhi's heart became even stronger!

...

On the other side. Huaguo Shuilian Group Headquarters.

Wang Ling As soon as they entered the aquarium, Boss Sun had already set his sights.

The feedback mechanism of ID card information sent the admission information of Wang Ling to Mr. Boss Sun's mobile phone.

On the other side, Jiang Xiaoche frowned: "Sir, this man really has a problem. He is a man. He went to the aquarium alone? Is there any psychological problem?"

Boss Sun was obviously uncomfortable when Jiang Xiaoche said this: "Who said you can't go to the aquarium alone?"

Jiang Xiaoche: "..."

"I think classmate Wang went to the aquarium today for inspection. He must have wanted to date Rongrong, so he came here early to do his homework."

Today, Mr. Boss Sun's brain power is still as powerful as ever.

Jiang Xiaoche: "Is that so..."

"It must be so." Boss Sun has always been very confident in his guesses.

There are actually more than just Chang Yang aquariums in the city center. So why did Wang Ling choose Chang Yang?

They must have come here because they knew this was an industry under their family group!

It was obvious that he came here to do homework in advance for his precious granddaughter!

Jiang Xiaoche: "Even if what the master said is right. But...he invited the young lady to go to this place. The whole journey is free of charge. This is too cheap for this kid."

Mr. Boss Sun rolled his eyes: "What do you know! This is called having an economic concept! Do you think your classmate Wang will be like you, arrogant and extravagant all day long? It is not easy for a 16-year-old child to have such a frugal economic concept. It should be encouraged."

"..." Jiang Xiaoche finally discovered it now.

Mr. Boss Sun seems to be very satisfied with his "future grandson-in-law."

This directly resulted in. Everything he said was wrong.

He is so difficult!

However, Jiang Xiaoche feels that in this current situation, he does not have no chance at all.

He grew up with Sun Rong.

And I have been secretly in love with Sun Rong for a long time.

How can I let someone else take advantage of a cabbage that I have watched grow up before my own eyes?

"Wang Ling. Just wait! The grandson-in-law of the Sun family must be me!" Jiang Xiaoche swore secretly in his heart.

He has assigned some tasks to the insiders at the aquarium. He plans to give Wang Ling...

stumbling block.

In Jiang Xiaoche's opinion, since Sun Yiyuan has been blinded now, he will take a strong dose of medicine!

It's better to have Wang Ling.

Complete. Social death.

Haha^_^

Today's aquarium. Unexpectedly lively.

In front of the Love Pavilion. Many couples gather here.

"This love house is so interesting!"

"Did you see it? All the spiritual beasts in the restaurant come in pairs!"

A couple said through the huge floor-to-ceiling glass wall in front of them.

Many cultivators who are passionately in love even kiss naturally in such an atmosphere.

This makes Wang Ling feel out of place.

In front of the railing in front of the museum, Wang Ling saw many couples writing their names on red ribbons for blessing. Then they tied the red ribbons to the railing.

At this time, through the glass wall, Wang Ling saw a pair of swirling sea lions making indescribable movements.

I saw the male swirling sea lion lying on the female's body.

Whenever someone ties a red ribbon to the railing, the male sea lion's body will squirm five to six times...

Wang Ling used the map in his hand to check the information about the "Whirlling Sea Lion" in the Love Pavilion.

It turns out that this swirling sea lion actually has a nickname called "Teddy in the Water."

Because of their natural sensitivity to "red", male swirling sea lions have unusual reactions to red objects during mating. This can greatly increase the chances of female sea lions getting pregnant...

Wang Ling: "..."

Really improved my knowledge...

Wang Ling feels that the amount of information in front of me is greater than when I was a child watching {{World of Spirit Beasts}.

However, as a good young man with upright views, Wang Ling will not always focus on these embarrassing pictures.

In contrast, what concerned him more was the presence of Wang Zhen and Fang Xing in his feminine state in the love pavilion...

"It's the breeder!"

As soon as Wang Zhen appeared in a staff uniform, passers-by shouted softly.

At this time, Fang Xing, a female disguised as Wang Zhen's girlfriend, appeared next to Wang Zhen.

She was holding a bucket. Wang Zhen was holding her waist while grabbing fresh fish pieces in the bucket and feeding them.

And this scene made Wang Ling feel extremely eye-catching. It actually made many couples who didn't know the truth feel very romantic...

"Oh my God! The breeder actually held his arms around his girlfriend's waist the whole time! This guy's strength is so amazing!"

"Ah, it is indeed a love house! Even the breeder brought his girlfriend here! It's so sweet!"

"My dear, I want to hug you too!"

...

Separated by a thick glass wall, the two of them were talking and laughing. They seemed extremely intimate. Almost no one could hear clearly...

What on earth are these young lovers talking about?

But Wang Ling. could hear it clearly...

The two people seemed to be smiling. In fact, they were communicating using ventriloquism.

"Brother Fang, isn't it a little too early for you to act now...I think Qingyi hasn't come over yet."

"You don't understand this. This is how I feel real enough. I think the atmosphere is brewing well now. I'm just waiting for Miss Liu and Gu Shunzhi to come later. We're just too old."

"Open it directly?"

"Borrow me a seat."

"oh"

Wang Zhen suddenly realized: "Why is Brother Fang so skilled..."

"You've never eaten pork. Have you ever seen a pig running?" Fang Xing smiled.

In fact, he has always planned to enter the entertainment industry. And whether it is a male or female form.

As long as he debuts, Fang Xing believes that he can definitely become an idol.

For this reason, Fang Xing actually read a lot of books about acting. Operations such as taking a seat and kissing were naturally not a problem.

...

But at this time, outside the glass wall.

Wang Ling was once again shocked by what he heard.

What the hell?

Liu Qingyi and Gu Shunzhi are coming here too?!

Wang Ling was stunned.

Why is this circuit diagram so messy today...

But... no matter what the two waves of people are up to.

His plan to test the spell cannot be interrupted.

At this moment, Wang Ling stared at one of the couples in the field and shook his finger.

As a result, at this time, a sturdy and familiar figure suddenly jumped into Wang Ling's sight.

His spell was originally aimed at passers-by.

However, what Wang Ling never expected was that Liu Qingyi suddenly rushed up at this time and blocked the passerby couple...

Wang Ling: "..."

Oh ho!

Finished...





Chapter 1349 Messy Love House


The function of {Single Spell} is actually to block confession and reverse the psychological effect.

As long as the spell is in a state of blessing, the various courtships and confessions that the spellcaster receives during this period are all in reverse operation!

"Like" will become "hate." "Advantages" will become "disadvantages..."

Take the last time Sun Rong confessed to himself. (For a review of the previous situation, see Chapter 1090: {Methods to Attract Attention})

Mainly because Wang Ling didn't expect Sun Rong to imitate Xia Ming.

When she said the word "hate."

Because of the effect of the magic blessing, it instantly became "like."

However, this "reverse loophole." Wang Ling has now been filled.

In other words, the current {Single Curse} will never be the same as last time.

Moreover. Wang Ling also added a little bit of news. It improved the reversal psychological effect of {Single Curse}.

When someone confesses his love, the confessor will not only say something completely opposite to what he expresses, but will even slap the other person... fully realizing the characteristics of "being single based on his strength."

But now the effect of this spell falls on Liu Qingyi. This is something Wang Ling did not expect.

What a coincidence.

Liu Qingyi actually walked out of the crowd and stood in front of the passerby couple...

But the problem is. Gu Shunzhi and Liu Qingyi are actually a fake couple!

Now even Wang Ling doesn't know what will happen next...

In short, the Shura field in the Love Pavilion today is extremely amazing.

Even Wang Ling was secretly observing from the side. He still felt like he was trembling.

...

When Liu Qingyi came to the Love Pavilion.

She looked through the glass wall in front of her and saw Wang Zhen with another strange woman.

A burst of fire surged from my heart instantly!

But soon, the woman's reason defeated the sudden fire.

Since she can find Gu Shunzhi as a fake boyfriend, then Wang Zhen can naturally find a woman to pretend to be his fake girlfriend.

This guy...what the hell is he doing!

In fact, when she thought of this, Liu Qingyi was not angry. Instead, she felt a little happy.

"You were quite angry just now. Why now?" Liu Qingyi's face changed so quickly that Gu Shunzhi looked shocked.

"Think about it. In fact, this idiot's thinking mode is the same as mine. They both found a fake partner to pretend to be. They want to make the other party jealous first. This proves that our brain circuits are actually quite compatible." At this time, Liu Qingyi Laugh.

"..."

After listening to this, Gu Shunzhi just wanted to slap himself!

Sure enough, he was so smart that he was misled by his cleverness. He should not have told Wang ZhenLiu that Qingyi found him to pretend to be her boyfriend in the first place!

But things...

It has already happened to this point.

Gu Shunzhi still wanted to struggle: "How can you be sure that the girl in it is fake? What if she is a real girlfriend?"

"Real girlfriend?"

Liu Qingyi glanced coldly at Fang Xing, who was in the feminine state inside. He chuckled: "Wang Zhen is the young master of the Wang family after all. What kind of girl has he not seen when he was in God's Domain? How could he find such a popular face as his girlfriend? ?"

At this time, Gu Shunzhi raised his head and glanced at the female form Fang Xing.

In her feminine state, Fang Xing has a unique style. She definitely can't be called a popular face. Her sexy and plump body curves make even the many male practitioners with Taoist companions in the room look at her with their imaginations...

"Is it really popular?" Gu Shunzhi's mouth twitched.

"Isn't this a public face? Although I have never met this girl, she feels familiar! As if I have met her somewhere. Usually people who feel this way are not public faces." Liu Qingyi Shrugging, it seemed as if he didn't take the female Fang Xing seriously as an opponent at all.

Gu Shunzhi felt that Liu Qingyi's terror was beyond words.

All I can say is, my fucking intuition is amazingly strong!

It took just one glance to see through so many things...

At this time, Liu Qingyi suddenly took Gu Shunzhi's hand and touched it forward.

This angle is just enough for Wang Zhen to see them.

She had noticed that Wang Zhen had looked in their direction from the corner of his eye.

He immediately put his hands around Gu Shunzhi's neck and started his own plan of action: "Then let's get started?"

"Start... start what..." Gu Shunzhi looked nervous.

His mother is too close!

It was so close that Gu Shunzhi could feel her mother's breathing and heartbeat!

Gu Shunzhi turned his face away. He was afraid that if he was not careful, his mother would kiss her...

Although when Gu Shunzhi was just born, his "first kiss" had already been taken away by Liu Qingyi.

But now he is so old! Of course he can no longer accept kisses from his mother.

"It stands to reason. Aren't you the orderlies who have read countless people? Why are you so nervous?" Liu Qingyi thought Gu Shunzhi's reaction was a bit funny.

"..."

Gu Shunzhi subconsciously dodged back.

In fact, that was not a young boy's reaction.

But Gu Shunzhi's instinctive respect for his "real mother."

However, it is a pity that in Liu Qingyi's opinion, Gu Shunzhi's reaction is no different from that of young boys who fall in love for the first time.

"You're too nervous. Forget it. I won't kiss you." Liu Qingyi sighed.

She really wanted to kiss Gu Shunzhi. And she even wanted to stick out her tongue.

But seeing Gu Shunzhi's reaction.

Suddenly she couldn't help it.

"You still plan to kiss me..." Gu Shunzhi was shocked.

"They are all adults. What's wrong with a kiss?" Liu Qingyi said with a smile.

At this moment, she took...

A momentary glance at Wang Zhen: "Look at this pair inside, how well they are acting. This borrowed position can be said to be seamless."

"You can see this..." Gu Shunzhi was shocked again.

"After all, I've been here before. If it's a real kiss, the surface temperature of the two people will continue to rise. This will make the surrounding air dry, which will affect the air humidity to a certain extent."

"I have already practiced it to the point where I can judge whether the other person is really kissing based on the humidity of the surrounding air."

"???"

"Then, then we will start as well, Gu Shunzhi."

At this time, Liu Qingyi returned his gaze to Gu Shunzhi's face and cupped Gu Shunzhi's cheeks with his hands.

"Didn't you say you don't want to kiss..."

"You're too nervous. The kiss would be too fake. It's better to do this. Just confess your love to me. But you have to say it out loud, okay?"

At this time, Liu Qingyi posed another problem to Gu Shunzhi.

"..."

Confess to my mother...

Gu Shunzhi now particularly regrets that he agreed to Liu Qingyi pretending to be her boyfriend!

Confessing love to your biological mother... is simply outrageous!

"Are you going to say it or not?"

Liu Qingyi looked at Gu Shunzhi with great pressure.

At this time, Gu Shunzhi really couldn't withstand the pressure. He already had the idea of revealing the truth in his heart.

But he hasn't said it yet.

At this moment, Liu Qingyi's eyes darkened: "It's so hard... you don't say it, I will!"

Later, Gu Shunzhi met.

Liu Qingyi suddenly held his face and began to confess her love loudly in front of everyone: "Bah! You two-legged scumbag! Come on!"

Gu Shunzhi: "???"

When he said this, even Liu Qingyi himself was shocked!

Because this is not what she wanted to say at all!

However, before she could explain, her right hand stretched out uncontrollably.

Snap!

The next moment, a crisp slap came.

It was Liu Qingyi who slapped Gu Shunzhi on the face.

Gu Shunzhi was not prepared at all.

After being severely beaten by his own mother, he flew out on the spot. He broke the glass wall of the love pavilion and hit the pool.

Wow! Suddenly, water splashed everywhere, and a huge water column rushed up.

Several sea lions were frightened and fainted on the spot...

"..." Wang Zhen was shocked.

Didn't you agree to pretend to be your boyfriend to make him jealous?

Why did Gu Shunzhi suddenly become a "scumbag?"

"Brother Fang, what kind of trick is this?" Wang Zhen pushed Fang Xing with his elbow.

Next to him, Fang Xing was also confused: "I'm sorry. I don't understand either..."





Chapter 1350 He is indeed the boy Rongrong likes!


Wang Ling never expected that his Wang Ling would manifest itself in this form.

Gu Shunzhi's whole body was whipped away.

At that moment. Wang Ling only felt that all movements seemed to slow down.

Then, Gu Shunzhi fell into the water with a 360° full rotation, causing a huge splash...

Suddenly, the scene in the Love Pavilion began to become chaotic. Liu Qingyi didn't know why he made these thoughts and actions that were completely inconsistent with his intentions.

It was a chaotic scene. Countless people's gazes came over.

Liu Qingyi covered her face and quickly fled the scene.

"What should we do now?" Fang Xing was speechless for a while.

"I'll go take a look..."

"What about Gu Shunzhi?"

"I need to trouble Brother Fang to keep an eye on him for me. I'll settle the score with him when I come back!"

"Okay." Fang Xing nodded.

Wang Zhen estimated that Gu Shunzhi most likely did something to apologize to Liu Qingyi.

Otherwise, how could Liu Qingyi get so angry on the spot and get so angry in front of everyone?

There was no time to think about it. He immediately put down what he was doing and chased after him.

At the same time, Wang Zhen is also thinking about what kind of grudges happened between Liu Qingyi and Gu Shunzhi...

He remembered what Liu Qingyi had just shouted.

Two boats?

What does this mean...

Is there really any relationship between Gu Shunzhi and her?

Was he discovered by Liu Qingyi?

Wang Zhen was really angry.

The majestic orderer!

He would actually do such a ridiculous thing!

...

When Gu Shunzhi got up from the water, the director of the aquarium also came after hearing the news.

The curator is settling the losses.

This broken glass wall needs to be completely replaced.

This piece of glass alone costs 500,000...

In addition, there are five sea lions floating in the water that were frightened and fainted...this mental compensation is also needed.

They were frightened during the mating process. This group of sea lions are likely to have sexual dysfunction!

On the premise of one-on-one mating. Why might five sea lions develop mental disorders?

The answer is simple...

Because among them, three sea lions chose to have a meeting together.

"Hey. The cost of recovery is a lot of money!"

At this time, the curator with a goatee looked at the scene in front of him with a worried look on his face.

He was holding a calculator in his hand and was calculating the losses.

At this time. Wang Ling stepped forward and patted the curator on the shoulder.

Things have reached this point. This is something Wang Ling did not expect...

The cost of the loss. Wang Ling feels that Gu Shunzhi should not bear it alone.

This is a huge expense. With Wang Ling's limited pocket money, it is definitely not something we can afford.

However, equivalent exchanges are still possible.

The goatee-bearded aquarium curator felt someone tapping his shoulder. When he turned around, he spotted Wang Ling.

It's Mr. Wang mentioned in the previous group report!

The curator reacted immediately.

Although he has never seen Wang Ling.

However, when Wang Ling entered the museum, his mobile phone also received a notification from the group.

Although there are many people in the venue today, the most senior customer who can come in through the VIP channel is Wang Ling.

Plus this VIP location map in the hand of Wang Ling.

This allowed the aquarium director to lock his identity instantly.

Wang Ling made a silent gesture. Then he looked at the messy scene in front of him.

Then a Talisman was handed over to the director of the aquarium.

This is a scapegoat that Heavenly Dao drew for Sun Rong before.

Wang Ling currently has more than 60,000 sheets in the drawer...

This talisman is worthless in Wang Ling's hands. But it is priceless when placed outside.

The director of the aquarium is a fairly knowledgeable person.

He distinguished the talisman carefully.

I quickly recognized the Talisman in his hand. It might be the legendary "death charm"...

The value of one piece is hundreds of millions!

Not to mention compensation for losses.

You can also build a new aquarium next to it...

"Mr. Wang. Wait a minute!"

The curator hurriedly chased after him and took Wang Ling to a secluded location. He respectfully whispered to Wang Ling: "If these people are acquaintances of Mr. Wang, the library will not pay compensation. Let's pursue it again. Mr. Wang's death talisman is priceless. I'm so flattered. I really can't bear it."

Wang Ling shook his head.

This incident happened because of him. He should be compensated for the losses.

Moreover, the death talisman in his hand is not worth much in the first place. As long as he is not asked to hand over the crispy noodles, everything is easy to talk about.

The curator does not dare to accept money from Wang Ling. Mainly because he is afraid of being blamed by his superiors.

However, now that he saw "Mr. Wang" in front of him with such a decisive attitude, he hesitated for a moment.

"How about accepting it first and then asking the upper management to return it?" the curator thought to himself.

This is probably the best way to handle it right now.

...

On the other side, Mr. Boss Sun was deeply moved after learning what happened in the aquarium.

Originally, the relationship between Wang Ling and Wang Zhen was that they were classmates.

So Mr. Boss Sun came to help Wang Ling. He didn't think there was anything strange about it...

Weird place.

In fact, Boss Sun actually doesn't care what happened to Liu Qingyi and the others.

All his thoughts were focused on Wang Ling.

"As expected of classmate Wang Ling!" Mr. Boss Sun slammed the table excitedly. I don't know how happy he was.

"Didn't I just help my classmates lose money..." Jiang Xiaoche wiped his sweat.

"What do you know! My classmate Wang Ling was actually able to intervene in the emotional disputes of several classmates in the aquarium... Such a sense of loyalty. I have the demeanor of my youth."

After Boss Sun finished speaking, he showed his mobile phone and said, "Do you know what this is?"

This is a photo of Talisman taken by the aquarium curator.

Because he didn't know how to deal with the "death talisman" better, the curator immediately sent it to Boss Sun after taking the photo.

"This seems to be...a scapegoat?"

When Jiang Xiaoche saw the photo, he was also shocked: "How could this kid have such..."

Death talismans are notoriously expensive in the industry.

And some people can't buy this kind of life-saving thing even if they spend money!

Because the number of people who can draw this kind of Talisman is extremely limited!

The number of scapegoats currently circulating outside is pitiful.

"This talisman is very capable of being drawn by someone. Based on the family conditions of classmate Wang Ling, I inferred that this talisman should be a family heirloom of classmate Wang... Unexpectedly, classmate Wang actually used scapegoat for other classmates. Fu compensated them for the damage to the venue. What a stupid kid..."

"He should know that he is already a senior VIP of our group. There is no need to spend this wasted money." Jiang Xiaoche frowned.

"The problem arises here. Classmate Wang deliberately left this death talisman. This is because he does not want to owe our group a favor. With the value of this death talisman, classmate Wang is enough to become our VIP user. This shows. My classmate Wang is still a very understanding and sophisticated person!"

At this time, Mr. Boss Sun sighed: "And if you look at the photos taken by the curator...this talisman is clean and tidy. It's as good as new. It's like it was newly drawn..."

The old man said no more.

A super Talisman like the Death Talisman cannot be drawn easily.

In most cases, death talismans are drawn by powerful people who know that their end is approaching but cannot break through, so they spend their entire lives drawing it.

These death talismans can then be passed on to one's disciples and grandchildren for use in critical moments to save one's life.

Therefore, the death talisman is also called "the ultimate thing." Its gold content is extremely high.

What shocked Mr. Boss Sun was.

Wang Ling is actually able to preserve his family heirlooms as if they were newly painted...

Such love and cherishment makes Boss Sun even more happy.

He is indeed the boy that his precious granddaughter Rongrong has fallen in love with... indeed extraordinary!...





Chapter 1351 Sun Rong Apprenticeship


Liu Qingyi left the venue as if running away.

She never expected that things would turn out like this.

The "Sweet and Sour Carp Plan" failed.

And I lost such a big face in front of Wang Zhen...

The woman feels ashamed and angry.

After leaving the venue, she immediately stepped on her flying sword and galloped towards the seaside.

Now Liu Qingyi feels that she needs to find a place to calm down.

The earth is not the domain of gods. There is no sea of gods.

The coast of Songhai City is barely a passable place.

Wang Zhen was worried. He quickly took out his spiritual sword and caught up with him, tracking Liu Qingyi's aura.

His flying speed was so fast that he attracted the traffic police patrolling the air midway.

"Comrade in front, please stop. You are speeding!" The police uncle also followed Wang Zhen with his sword.

However, Wang Zhen's speed is too fast...

He couldn't trace it at all.

In the end, I had to take a photo of Wang Zhen. Use big data to retrieve information.

After finding out that Wang Zhen was a student of Number 60 High School, the policeman showed a puzzled expression.

Can the speed of the swordsmanship in the Foundation Building period be so fast these days?

It's too dangerous!

However, considering that Wang Zhen was a student, the air traffic police did not issue a huge ticket in the end. Instead, he issued a warning letter to Number 60 High School.

After Number 60 High School resumes classes next Monday, criticism and education against Wang Zhen will definitely be inevitable.

...

Liu Qingyi came to the beach. Before she could calm down.

Unexpectedly, a familiar voice came from far away: "Qingyi!"

It's Wang Zhen's voice...

Is this guy here to see his own joke?

Liu Qingyi bit her lip and immediately prepared to enter the sea.

As an opponent, the woman didn't want Wang Zhen to see her joke.

From a distance, Wang Zhen saw Liu Qingyi preparing to go into the sea. His hair stood up nervously: "Qingyi! No!"

He didn't have time to think too much. He speeded up a little more.

When the results arrived, Wang Zhen discovered a serious problem...

He can't stop!

Then, a muffled sound came!

Liu Qingyi felt a figure hit her spine at an extremely fast speed.

He actually took her and formed a ball together. They were entangled together and began to roll forward at a very fast speed.

iubiubiu

Because the angle of Wang Zhen's cut was too tricky. After he and Liu Qingyi collided, the two of them hit the water directly on the sea. After splashing countless ripples, there was a "pop" and they sank together. Into the sea water.

After getting out of the water, Wang Zhen brought Liu Qingyi back to the coast in a princess hug.

Wang Zhen put Liu Qingyi down. Liu Qingyi felt a pain in her back...

Tingling: "Hey...slow down!"

"Ah! I'm sorry. Does it hurt?" Wang Zhen was really distressed.

"You idiot! You're so frizzy..."

Liu Qingyi wanted to blame her, but when she saw Wang Zhen's worried eyes, her voice gradually faded out.

"I thought you were going to commit suicide."

Wang Zhen touched the back of his head. The expression on his face was a little embarrassed.

"Who would commit suicide for such a thing? And this is not the Sea of Gods. Can the sea water of the earth drown us cultivators in the God's Realm?" Liu Qingyi couldn't laugh or cry.

"What do you call this kind of thing? Isn't Gu Shunzhi your boyfriend? He has two different things. He hurts you!" Wang Zhen said with an angry expression on his face: "Don't worry. I will beat him when I get back. A meal!"

"Beat him? He is a person of order. You beat him on the head?" Liu Qingyi did not reveal the truth directly. She saw Wang Zhen's interesting reaction and followed his words almost subconsciously and asked.

"Then I will beg Ling Zhenren! There is always a way to deal with the scumbag! Even if it means kneeling down to Ling Zhenren.

I also want him to help me!" Wang Zhen said seriously. It is said that a man has gold at his knees.

If he had not been trapped on Earth, with Wang Zhen's temper, he would never have knelt down to anyone.

Now, Wang Zhen's temper has indeed changed a lot. He has become more humble.

And the person kneeling is Ling Zhenren. This is nothing to shudder at.

"Pfft! Are you... worried about me?"

She thought Wang Zhen was really here to laugh at her. But she didn't expect that this fool was really worried about her.

"I just can't stand it. You are in two different situations! Why aren't you angry at all?" Wang Zhen said stubbornly.

"Because. Gu Shunzhi was originally invited by me to act."

At this point, Liu Qingyi finally told the truth: "Actually, those words and that slap were not my original intention. I seemed to be a little out of control at that time. It was like I was possessed by an evil spirit."

"So the reason you ran away is..."

"Idiot! I thought you came here to see my joke." Liu Qingyi said.

She stretched out her hand and hugged Wang Zhen's neck. She pulled Wang Zhen's face down a little.

At this time, the clothes on his body were soaked by the sea water. There was still sand stuck to his body.

For a moment, the scenery was beautiful.

Even under the sound of waves crashing on the shore, Wang Zhen could still clearly hear his own heartbeat.

This unsettling and throbbing feeling made both of them fall into a state of confusion.

Then Wang Zhen held Liu Qingyi's cheek and kissed her fiercely.

Everything is unspeakable...

far away.

When Gu Shunzhi saw this scene, he felt that the situation was over.

These two are getting along...

Then he will probably cease to exist.

Gu Shunzhi had even made the worst-case scenario of disappearing.

But it's strange.

His body did not disappear.

Gu Shunzhi was convinced that he had not mistaken his mother.

Liu Qingyi in front of me. Absolutely...

That's right, she is his real mother...

So. What is going on now?

Gu Shunzhi frowned.

I'm afraid there's no one who can give him the answer now.

There is only Ling Zhenren.

...

Wang Zhen took Liu Qingyi to the lying hospital.

He confirmed that the impact he had just had had no impact on Liu Qingyi.

The two then returned to the cadre's apartment.

In the elevator, the two of them intertwined their fingers.

"I just said it's okay. This little impact can't hurt me."

Liu Qingyi said: "Look. Is the money wasted in vain? Are you feeling distressed?"

"I'm not that stingy. There's no harm in checking it out anyway. At least I know how your body can handle it."

Wang Zhen smiled and said softly: "Maybe in the future, the impact will be even more violent..."

"You are such an adult. You are not serious at all!" Liu Qingyi blushed.

You know. Wang Zhen has been issued a speeding warning ticket today!

bite!

At this time, the elevator door slowly opened. Liu Qingyi saw many employees wearing Huaguo Shuilian Group uniforms, who were moving things into the room under the guidance of an old aunt.

"Did you shop online?" Wang Zhen was confused.

"No...I didn't buy it..." Liu Qingyi shook her head.

At this time, the old aunt who was directing the scene came over and bowed to Liu Qingyi with a smile: "Hello, Miss Liu. I am the head maid under Miss Sun Rong. Everyone else calls her Qiu Shuyun. My Aunt Qiu."

"Hello Aunt Qiu!"

Liu Qingyi nodded: "So what is going on now?"

"This is the apprenticeship ceremony that Miss Sun Rong ordered us to send." Aunt Qiu said with a smile.

"Apprenticeship ceremony..." Liu Qingyi was shocked.

"Miss Sun Rong already knew everything on the phone. She also said that Master Liu has a lot of tricks. There are so many things worth learning from her."

"From now on, our young lady's happiness will depend more on Master Liu!"

"..."





Chapter 1352 Gu Shunzhi's Secret


Gu Shunzhi came to ask for help. This is what Wang Ling expected.

After all, if a person is not in a desperate situation, it is impossible to agree to the condition of being his own mother's fake boyfriend...

Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi are in love. Wang Ling has calculated the relationship between the two.

This is a happy ending.

In other words, there is actually no possibility of subsequent breakup.

So under such a premise, why can Gu Shunzhi continue to exist? There is a big problem...

He is a person who traveled from the future. His original purpose was to stop the relationship between Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi. But it backfired.

"I actually didn't expect their progress to be so fast. After all, at this point in time, it's still some time before my dad comes back from his trip to the galaxy. My parents got started after my dad came back from his trip to the galaxy."

In the bedroom of Wang Ling, Gu Shunzhi knelt down in front of Wang Ling and sighed: "Zhenren. Now I can only rely on you!"

"..."

"Also, I was slapped by my mother today. I suspect that someone cast a curse... If Zhenren is convenient, can you also help investigate?"

"..." The expression on Wang Ling's face seemed a little hesitant.

After all, he himself is the culprit of the whole drama.

His initial purpose was just to test the {Single Spell} and give it a good job. Unexpectedly, he accidentally got into trouble.

Moreover, the "memory loss" ban has not been activated.

This is most likely because Gu Shunzhi and Liu Qingyi are not a real couple.

Wang Ling left behind the original purpose of the "memory disappearance" mechanism. It was to prevent lovers from separating.

Now Liu Qingyi and Wang Zhen not only did not separate because of the {single curse}, but they are still together.

Therefore, the mechanism of memory disappearance does not function properly.

Seeing Wang Ling's expression, he hesitated. Gu Shunzhi thought that he had made too many requests, which made Wang Ling unhappy.

So, he quickly changed his words: "My matter is more important...the matter of the person who cast the curse. If Ling Zhenren finds it troublesome, forget it. I can investigate it myself. I will definitely let this person come out to apologize in person!"

"..."

Wang Ling does not doubt Gu Shunzhi's investigative abilities as an "Order."

But this matter... he must expose it as soon as possible.

Fortunately. He was prepared.

While Gu Shunzhi was talking. In the toilet of Wang Ling's bedroom, a branch quietly stretched out...

Snap!

A sap hit Gu Shunzhi on the back of his head.

"Living up to Zhenren's trust. The physical amnesia technique was successful!"

This is a talking branch. After confirming that Gu Shunzhi was knocked unconscious, laughter like a bell broke out.

Wang Ling had long expected Gu Shunzhi to come. He permanently strengthened a branch of the Yushen Tree for the purpose of "physical amnesia."

Why permanent reinforcement?

Wang Ling thinks that Miss Yu's place may be used in the future...

{Physical amnesia} is very simple. Wang Ling can also do it by himself. However, Wang Ling is not sure if he does it by himself. Attacking the head is likely to blow away the person's head.

And the reason why we focus on the Ushen Tree is because the Ushen Tree cooperates with Lord Ma. Now we can extend its branches to wherever we want.

In this way, it will be much more convenient for Wang Ling to use {Physical Amnesia}.

As long as he calls the Ushen Tree in his heart, a strengthened branch will instantly appear on the back of the head of the person who needs amnesia and hit it.

And the most important thing is that Miss Yu's strength control is extremely good.

Not only will there be no sequelae after being pumped.

The spiritual energy of the sacred tree on the branches can also penetrate into the cerebral cortex. Those who have been smoked will have a refreshing effect after waking up!

About ten seconds later, Gu Shunzhi woke up. And his complexion was obviously much better than before he came to the Wang family villa.

Gu Shunzhi didn't know what happened just now.

It was as if I was just in a daze.

After returning to consciousness, he saw Wang Ling helping him sort out the timeline with a serious look on his face.

"Ling Zhenren. What a great person!"

Gu Shunzhi sighed inwardly.

Wang Ling: "..."

...

According to the clues provided by Gu Shunzhi, his father Gu Cheng only met Liu Qingyi after returning from travel.

Their relationship quickly grew and they gave birth to him soon after.

When Gu Cheng came to the Liu family in the Divine Realm to propose marriage, that was also recorded in the history of the Divine Realm.

After the marriage between the two families, the Liu family's status among the ten major families in the God's Domain has skyrocketed. It quickly reached the third position, kicking the Zhou family, which was originally ranked third.

In order to prove that what he said was true, Gu Shunzhi also produced a lot of photographic evidence.

The charming-looking woman in the photo is undoubtedly Liu Qingyi herself.

On that day, after the two got married, it was rumored that Wang Zhen was disheartened and never returned to the divine realm again...

This plot sounds like the same thing at first. However, Wang Ling feels that there may be a hidden meaning in it.

"My Lord! My Lord! I have something to say!"

At this time, the voice of the Sage Immortal Book came.

Wang Ling last time casually stuffed the Book of Sage Immortal into Lord Ma's mouth. It seems that he has fully reflected on it.

However, a death sentence can be avoided and a life sentence cannot be spared. Wang Ling has never given up his plan to give away the book of Sage Immortal.

"Is this Lord Holy Book..." Gu Shunzhi turned around and bowed.

"Based on the timeline. I already have a reasonable answer." The book of Sage Immortal said.

He planned to reveal all the results of his reasoning in exchange for a chance to atone for his sins.

"Master Holy Book already has the answer?" Gu Shunzhi was startled.

"nice."

The book of Sage Immortal said: "Everyone thought that Wang Zhen left the divine realm in despair after losing Liu Qingyi and never came back. So is there another possibility. That is Wang Zhen Eloped with the real Miss Liu."

"The real Miss Liu?"

Gu Shunzhi's mouth twitched in shock.

It took me a long time. It turned out to be a "fake?"

"Impossible! I definitely didn't identify my mother!" Gu Shunzhi retorted: "I used the orderer's tracking privileges to secretly mark my mother's soul with a soul mark. Then I tracked her here. I will never make a mistake."

"You did not make a mistake. But you also have to remember. If the object you mark is an object generated by the body... then when you track, before the marked object has been generated, your mark will Falling back on the body."

Although this sentence from the Book of Sage Immortal is very difficult to pronounce, Gu Shunzhi seems to have understood what is going on: "Master Holy Book means..."

"What your father fell in love with from the beginning is Miss Liu's shadow. And your mother is also Miss Liu's shadow. It's just that at this time, Miss Liu's shadow has not yet awakened. So you are marking the future. It will eventually return to Miss Liu's body."

"So this is what happened..." Gu Shunzhi fell into deep thought.

"The accuracy of this inference is as high as 78%"

After finishing the book of Sage Immortal, he sighed: "If my father-in-law hadn't been a bachelor, which affected some of my emotional judgments, the accuracy would have been even higher."

Wang Ling: "?"





Chapter 1353 Boss Sun's self-positioning


Gu Shunzhi didn't expect that the truth of the matter would be like this.

He turned out to be the child of Liu Qingyi's shadow...

Regarding this result, Gu Shunzhi's mood immediately became complicated after hearing it.

Even if the shadow awakens spiritual wisdom, it is also a thing transformed from the original body. Since it is such an original body, then in fact Liu Qingyi's shadow can also be called Liu Qingyi's "daughter."

So under this layer of relationship, the relationship between him and Liu Qingyi's ontology seems to become more complicated.

Previously, Gu Shunzhi had always regarded Liu Qingyi's identity as "mother."

In fact, he should have called "Grandma"???

"You seem to be feeling very complicated."

At this time, the book of Sage Immortal said: "But, this is not incomprehensible. After all, my mother suddenly became my grandmother. There is always a sense of gap. You'd better be more open-minded. Having an elder in the family is like having a treasure. Well."

Gu Shunzhi: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

...

Returning to life in the cadre apartment that day, Gu Shunzhi had just arrived at the door and found Liu Qingyi holding Wang Zhen's arm, talking and laughing, waiting at the elevator door.

The two of them traveled lightly and looked as if they were getting ready to go out. They interacted intimately.

Gu Shunzhi hesitated to speak.

Mainly I am torn between the two names "grandma" and "mom." I don't know which one is better.

"Hey, I know everything, Brother Gu. Don't be sad." At this time, Wang Zhen raised his head and looked at Gu Shunzhi. He patted Gu Shunzhi's shoulder sympathetically.

Although Gu Shunzhi has the status of being an orderly person, when they usually live together in Wei Zhi's house, Gu Shunzhi does not have any airs. Therefore, Wang Zhen and Gu Shunzhi are also considered brothers.

And now, Gu Shunzhi stared at "Grandpa" who called him brother in front of him. His mood became even more complicated.

"What do you know?"

"That's what Qingyi said. You have a serious Oedipus complex." Wang Zhen said.

"..."

"Don't worry. Now that Qingyi and I are together, I will definitely keep this matter secret. I won't tell others." Wang Zhen said: "Orders are under a lot of pressure. It's normal to have some quirks. I heard my father say that before. There have been even stranger cases."

"???"

"There is a man of order who has been single for a long time. He can look at the shadow with a pretty face. He can actually have desire for the shadow of a woman!"

"..."

Gu Shunzhi didn't want to continue discussing this topic. He quickly changed the subject: "Where are you going now?"

"That's it. I, Qingyi, have discussed it. I plan to go out and look at the house and move out."

"You have money?"

"Qingyi is now Miss Sun Rong's master! Miss Sun said it. As long as it is a real estate property owned by the Huaguo Shuilian Group, just tell her which one you like."

"Then... I wish you happiness." Gu Shunzhi said.

Then, he walked towards his bedroom without looking back.

Logically speaking, he shouldn't be in such a depressed mood.

Now that he knows that his mother is not Liu Qingyi, he should be happy.

However, today, too many things happened, and the amount of information was too large...

Gu Shunzhi felt a little indigestion for a while.

"What happened to him?"

Faced with Gu Shunzhi's reaction, Wang Zhen was a little confused.

"The three of us are from God's Domain after all. But we just left now. Isn't it bad to leave him here?" Liu Qingyi asked worriedly.

"That's right. Then just find him a roommate." Wang Zhen said.

"You said...Zhao Qingxian?"

"Anyway, we have moved out now. And we are already together. So there is nothing to be afraid of."

Wang Zhen suddenly embraced Liu Qingyi, circling her like a giant wolf dog: "This fatso has never been an orderly person in the Divine Realm. Old Gu is at least an Orderer. Under the watchful eye of the Orderer. I don't think Zhao Qingxian will go too far."

"Yeah. You're right." Liu Qingyi nodded.

"And I remember. The Zhao family also runs a beast workshop in the God's Domain! They can also help Wei Zhi! At least it's much better than the two of us with two swords!" Wang Zhen said with a smile.

"Where is Zhao Qingxian now?"

"I asked about him before. Because he is a gangster and his behavior is suspicious. He is still squatting in the detention center."

"Okay! I'll call Rongrong later and ask her to arrange for someone to bring Zhao Qingxian here."

"What do you want to eat at night? Western or Chinese?" Wang Zhen asked.

"Anything is fine!" Liu Qingyi smiled.

"What about...barbecue?"

"It's too greasy. Is there anything else?"

"hot pot?"

"It's so boring to eat hot pot. It just tastes like the sauce."

"Then you say..."

"Anything works!"

"..."

...

Thursday, December 3rd.

This is the day Sun Rong is officially discharged from hospital.

At Sun Rong's own request, the old man chose to deal with it in a low-key manner. There was no big deal. Nor did he recruit a bunch of media reporters to hold a press conference like in the past.

After experiencing this incident, Mr. Boss Sun really felt that his precious granddaughter seemed to have matured a lot.

Things have become more steady.

"It is said that classmate Wang Ling likes to keep a low profile. I'm afraid Rongrong has also been influenced by classmate Wang Ling." In the car, Mr. Sun, the boss, was actually very pleased.

Everyone has a time when they are young.

Under the basic conditions of love, your behavior will be aligned with the person you like, and then some changes will occur.

For example, if a person who is not good at studying falls in love with a top student, he may become much more diligent in his studies.

Try to stay in step with the person you like. This is also a science in love.

So regarding Sun Rong pursuing Wang Ling. Mr. Boss Sun is also very clear about his positioning.

He can only be a remote assistant. He cannot interfere too much.

Let alone rely on the financial power of your own group to disturb the life of classmate Wang Ling!

This will not only cause trouble to Wang Ling. It will also hinder his precious granddaughter's plan!

"Come on Rongrong!" Mr. Boss Sun watched the girl walk into the villa. He couldn't help but cheer in his heart.

"Sir, where are we going now?"

"Go to the Office of Strategic Deception. I have an appointment with Director Zhuo."

"Okay." The driver nodded. He stepped on the accelerator and drove away quickly.

...

Returning to his bedroom. Sun Rong saw that all the furniture that had been burned by the "Great Sacrifice Technique" had been restored. It was the same as before when he left. They were all newly bought.

Aunt Qiu knew that Sun Rong was discharged from the hospital today. She ordered the exact same furniture in advance and had people come to install it overnight.

"Thank you Aunt Qiu."Sun Rong smiled politely at Aunt Qiu.

"Miss, you are serious. These are all things I should do. I have other things to be busy with. If you need anything else, miss, just call me."

"good."

Sun Rong nodded.

She saw Aunt Qiu retreat respectfully and close the door.

He couldn't wait to open his computer.

There are too many things recorded in the cloud disk.

The girl finished watching less than 10% of the film while in the hospital.

And now.

Those. In the state of her soul.

She personally recorded every bit of her memories in the "little notebook."

In an instant, everything was released...





Chapter 1354 Zhuo Yi's identity exposed?


Sun Rong Connect the laptop to the printer. Print out all the sketches you drew.

Sketches one after another, of Wang Ling's face from various angles, covered her desk in just a few minutes.

"I actually drew so many...sketches of my classmate Wang Ling..." The girl blushed and shyly buried her face in the pile of drawing paper.

Although these are all sketches and portraits of Wang Ling, none of them are complete.

This is because Sun Rong learned about the "Great Shielding Technique" from Zhuo Yi when he was still in the Buddha's Golden Lotus.

Once the protection mechanism is activated, her sketches will turn into a mosaic.

So in order to prevent this from happening.

Sun Rong did not complete the sketch.

The classmate Wang Ling who puts ellipses on his face is also very cute!

The girl flipped through the portraits one after another and saw a few drawings that she had highlighted.

She remembered!

This is what I drew on the top of the sky, Palm Cliff!

In addition to the pictures, there is also a text written by Sun Rong himself: "On this day, I was taken to the earth world a second later by a marmot. But I didn't feel the slightest fear. Because I believe that classmate Wang Ling will definitely come to save me!"

"Don't be afraid..."

"I'm here..."

"Classmate Wang Ling. The message you left for me in the shadow. These may be two sentences that I will never forget."

"Then. You broke away from all the shadows and appeared in my world like light..."

...

"What I wrote is too disgusting..." The girl blushed as she read the text on the accompanying picture.

I simply don't believe that I would write such a thing.

She couldn't bear to read any more, but her curiosity kept driving her to read the information left behind.

"Zhuo Yi Senior... actually called me Senior Wife..."

That was after she was rescued from the groundhog by Wang Ling. She returned to the Office of Strategic Deception screen.

Zhuo Yi Lihua rushed towards her like rain. She shouted the title of "Master's Wife" loudly in front of everyone.

This incredible scene appeared in her mind as the memories continued to revive.

It only took a moment. Two streams of hot steam spurted out of her ears on the spot.

"I need to cool you down! Otherwise it will be dangerous." Sun Ying'er appeared. He sat obediently on the edge of the soft bed and swayed his slender legs.

Release steam from the ears.

This is the effect of {Cooling Technique}. Sun Ying'er will implement it according to the situation.

"Cool down..."

"Your temperature is too high now! A girl in love must always keep a cool head. Only in this way can she achieve the final victory, right?"

Sun Ying'er chuckled: "That stinky Wang Ying.

But you need me to protect you! So sometimes I will take some necessary measures."

"You still protect me. Aren't you always bullied by Wang Ying yourself?" Sun Rong also smiled.

"Bullying? Where is that! I will definitely stand up and be the master. I will fight him to the end!" Sun Ying'er said firmly.

But when it came to this, she suddenly felt that her body was really uncomfortable...

It's all because Wang Ying's {Planet thumping technique} was too powerful yesterday!

"Are you feeling uncomfortable? Do you want me to massage you?"

"Great! Rongrong is the best! MUA!"

Sun Ying'er rushed over and kissed Sun Rong on the cheek: "It's all Wang Ying's fault! 406 times! It was executed in one night! It hurt my back!"

Sun Rong: "..."

Sun Ying'er: "Hey! Rongrong! Why is your face red again? Hey! Give me a cooling spell!"

...

On the other side. In the Office of Strategic Deception, Boss Mr. Sun made an appointment with Zhuo Yi to meet in the True Venerated Immortal Hall.

After the two exchanged pleasantries, they took their seats.

A disciple from the Office of Strategic Deception came to serve tea. After the tea was served, he wisely withdrew and closed the door.

Make sure no one disturbs you in the main hall.

"General Administration Zhuo, I came here today for one thing only. I am a straightforward person and not a person who beats around the bush. So I hope General Administration Zhuo can be honest with me."

Boss Sun smiled and said: "As for the benefits, General Administration Zhuo is definitely indispensable. I know. The Alliance of Ten Thousand Schools is about to elect a new leader candidate. If General Administration Zhuo doesn't hide anything, I will do my best to serve General Administration. To attract votes."

Zhuo Yi laughed: "Mr. Sun is serious. Sugar-coated bullets don't work for me. I want to listen to Mr. Sun's question first. If it involves a friend's secret, I will naturally not reveal a word."

"General Administration Zhuo. He is indeed a loyal person." Boss Sun nodded.

What he just said was just a test. And Zhuo Yi did not disappoint him.

Regarding canvassing for votes. In fact, regardless of whether he got the answer he wanted from Zhuo Yi this time. Mr. Boss Sun will still help.

He knew what happened to Sun Rong this time. Zhuo Yi also played a big role behind the scenes.

It is impossible for Sun Yiyuan not to repay this favor and kindness.

"General Administration Zhuo, don't worry. What I want to discuss this time is definitely not the secrets about General Administration Zhuo's friends. It's General Administration Zhuo's own secrets." Boss Sun said with a smile.

These words made Zhuo Yi's expression freeze slightly...

His secret is nothing more than his relationship with Wang Ling.

Could it be said that it has been exposed?

This shouldn't be the case!

Zhuo Yi frowned: "So Mr. Sun, what do you want to ask?"

"General Administration Zhuo has been able to rise to the position of the General Administration in such a short period of time. He has repeatedly made extraordinary achievements and made outstanding contributions. He is deeply loved by Secretary Sun of the Ten Thousand Schools Alliance... and I came here this time. In fact, it is also for I came here to inquire about classmate Wang Ling."

Boss Sun: "So. I need to confirm something. That is the relationship between General Administration Zhuo and classmate Wang Ling. Is it not as simple as it seems on the surface?"

Zhuo Yi looked dark: "My classmate Wang Ling and I have a normal relationship between seniors and juniors. We are the same as classmate Sun Rong."

"Not necessarily. General Administration Zhuo."

At this moment, Mr. Boss Sun chuckled: "Since I'm here today, I must be well prepared. I never fight without preparation. I'm sure. Director Zhuo and his classmates Wang Ling relationship. It's definitely not as simple as it seems."

Zhuo Yi: "I don't know. Where did Mr. Sun get the news..."

"It's just a combination of the information I got. The result of precise analysis."

Boss Sun laughed when he heard this: "So, General Administration Zhuo, just accept it."

Zhuo Yi pretended not to know: "What do you recognize?"

Boss Sun: "You! You are the master of classmate Wang Ling! What I said is correct?"

Zhuo Yi: "???"





Chapter 1355 Perfectly avoids all correct answers


Zhuo Yi feels that this may be the biggest blame he will bear in his life.

I can only say that Mr. Boss Sun is worthy of being Mr. Boss Sun.

This ability to avoid the correct answer...

It turns out that you are the legendary "Obi Ultimate Mouri Kogoro!"

At least Kogoro got it right sometimes. But Zhuo Yi discovered that the miraculous thing about Boss Sun is that he always seems to be able to perfectly avoid all the correct answers.

"I didn't expect it. Was it still discovered..."

At this time, Zhuo Yi held his chin with his fingers crossed. He leaned forward and propped his elbows on his knees, pretending to be thoughtful.

The matter has come to this. It is impossible for him to deny it.

Although this pot was extremely huge, he could only push it down until now.

"General Administration Zhuo, I still admitted it." Mr. Boss Sun looked like he was in control of the overall situation. He had absolute confidence. Let Zhuo Yi admit this matter, mainly because he had enough evidence at hand.

"I wonder how Mr. Sun knew about this?" Zhuo Yi was very curious about this.

"You and your classmate Wang have known each other for a long time. Maybe we met before the first spirit sword exchange meeting at Number 60 High School. I also asked Rongrong specifically about the events on the day of the spirit sword exchange meeting."

Boss Sun began to make his own wonderful reasoning: "Rongrong said. During your solo spirit sword performance, you chose the peach wood sword of your classmate Wang at the first sight. This is actually a subconscious psychological move. It means The relationship between you is no small matter."

Zhuo Yi: "Is there any other evidence..."

"Of course there are."

Boss Sun nodded: "General Zhuo defeated the demon king Tuntian Ha back then. And now that toad has been turned into a dog. There are so many classmates in Number 60 High School. So why is this dog raised among classmates? Wang Ling's home? Obviously. This is a meeting gift you gave to your classmate Wang Ling."

"..."

"It's true that this toad is a demon king. But the person who defeated him back then was you, Director Zhuo. So it must be obedient to your words. You put it in the home of classmate Wang Ling. In fact, it was to protect classmate Wang Ling. Wang Ling."

Boss Sun chuckled: "This master's care for his disciples is too obvious."

Hearing this. Zhuo Yi's mouth twitched.

"Mr. Sun is really both wise and brave!"

"Of course, there is decisive evidence in the end. It is the close visit to the home of classmate Wang Ling by the Zhuo Administration."

"Mr. Sun is following me?" Zhuo Yi frowned.

"It's not tracking. It's just some technical means."

Boss Sun said calmly: "The medal of the General Administration pinned on the chest of General Administration Zhuo actually has a positioning function. In the past time, your medal has been frequently located at the home of classmate Wang Ling Haunting. I'm afraid this has gone beyond the relationship between ordinary seniors and juniors, right?"

Hearing this, Zhuo Yi couldn't help but applaud: "As expected of Mr. Sun. Your reasoning ability is beyond comparison..."

"They are all trivial tricks. I...

Being able to sit in this position depends on his extraordinary reasoning ability." Boss Sun said this and couldn't help but sigh.

I used to make elixirs. Now I play stocks.

Pills are considered a real industry. Now there are fully automated production machines. Except for rare pills, most pills can be fully automated through machines. There is not much manual technology content.

So over time, Sun Yiyuan began to learn to analyze stocks.

Or the stock market is exciting!

Under his clear analysis every time, Huaguo Shuilian Group has also made a lot of money through stock operations in recent years.

"If General Zhuo is interested, you can take my stock class. Of course, these are top-secret courses within the group."

"Boss Mr. Sun still knows about stocks?"

"It's just some trivial analysis. The specific person to control it is Jiang Xiaoche. He is the secretary beside me whom General Zhuo met before."

Zhuo Yi: "..."

Although Zhuo Yi is not 100% sure yet.

But he can probably guess that Jiang Xiaoche probably bought it according to Boss Sun's words!

Regarding this, Zhuo Yi couldn't help but sigh inwardly.

It is not easy for Huaguo Shuilian Group to become so big...

He smiled bitterly and said: "Mr. Sun came to see me today to confirm his identity. But he wanted to inquire about my disciple...er."

Zhuo Yi said this bravely.

At the same time, he groaned and shouted thousands of times in his heart. He hoped that Wang Ling would not blame him: "Master! I really didn't mean to take advantage of you! Your father-in-law has come to investigate! Is this the fault of this disciple?" I can't carry it!"

Sun Yiyuan was delighted when he heard this.

He knew early on that Zhuo Yi was a decent person.

It is precisely for this reason that he is deeply loved by Secretary Sun.

In fact, Sun Yiyuan feels that even if he doesn't help Zhuo Yi get this vote, Zhuo Yi will be able to take the top spot in the league sooner or later with his own abilities.

"I knew it. Chief Zhuo is a smart man."

Mr. Boss Sun was extremely happy: "What I want to ask is not a big deal... I just want to ask about the interests and hobbies of classmate Wang Ling. Or the interests and hobbies of classmate Wang Ling's family."

"Simply noodles." Zhuo Yi said.

"What?" Sun Yiyuan thought he heard wrongly.

"It's just a little snack..."

"So that's how it is."

Boss Sun sighed: "No wonder my former classmate Wang went to the hospital to see how my Rongrong was doing. He didn't even take a look at the high-end snacks I had people prepare."

Zhuo Yi said with a smile: "But ordinary crispy noodles are now very difficult for my apprentice to detect."

"This is easy. I can find someone to make it privately. Ask the best pastry chef in the world to make it fresh!"

"Mr. Sun is really generous. But if you really do this, it might make my apprentice disgusted..."

"I know."

Mr. Boss Sun said: "Classmate Wang just likes to be low...

Adjust it. I'll ask the ramen chef to appear next to him without anyone noticing."

Zhuo Yi: "..."

Sun Yiyuan: "So. What do classmate Wang's parents like?"

Zhuo Yi: "My disciple's father is an online novelist."

"Oh! I know this! Monthly tickets! Recommended votes! Rewards!"

Boss Sun was excited: "What's the pen name? I can arrange it for him immediately!"

"Pen name. Wang Situ."

"It turns out Wang Situ is him..." Boss Sun was startled.

Given his relationship with Head of State, he naturally knew that Head of State had been pursuing a novel written by a man named Wang Situ.

It's just that Sun Yiyuan didn't expect that the world would be so small.

This Wang Situ is actually the father of classmate Wang Ling...





Chapter 1356 Zhao Qingxian's wishful thinking


Zhuo YiI didn't expect Boss Sun to be so concerned about his master's affairs.

But after talking, he felt that there was no need to be too wary of Sun Yiyuan.

Mr. Boss Sun is a "reasoning genius", yes. But he is also a person who knows how to take care of other people's feelings.

It was precisely because I knew his master's low-key personality that I made a special appointment with him to ask him about the situation.

Otherwise, with Mr. Boss Sun's temper, I'm afraid he would have visited his "in-laws" with large and small bags.

Strategy is a long-term solution. Emotional matters need to be cultivated slowly. Mr. Boss Sun understands these principles.

The more he hopes that his precious granddaughter can truly be happy.

The less you can use money and sugar-coated bullets to try to buy other people's feelings.

This is a kind of impolite behavior. It is also a kind of disrespect for others.

"Thank you, Chief Zhuo. My trip today was well worth it! I understand everything!"

Before leaving, Mr. Boss Sun bowed to Zhuo Yi respectfully: "General Director Zhuo, please rest assured about today's matter. God knows! I will rot in my stomach for everything!"

"Mr. Sun, you're very polite." Zhuo Yi smiled and returned the favor with a cupped fist.

Boss Sun laughed and shouted: "Immortal luck!" Then he waved his sleeves and left.

Looking at Boss Sun's retreating back, Zhuo Yi also breathed a sigh of relief.

"Brother, are you sure you won't be angry..."

Lord Diulei walked out of the office. He had just been eavesdropping for a long time.

"As long as we have crispy noodles, everything is easy to discuss. Mr. Sun is a sensible person. There should be some more flattering methods..." Zhuo Yi touched his chin.

In fact, he didn't dare to guarantee that something magical would happen later...

...

On the other side. Songhai First Military Medical Hospital.

After Zhao Qingxian was detained for several days, he was released on bail under the arrangement of Sun Rong. He was admitted to the hospital for a physical examination.

The earth is too dangerous.

He just arrived here. He did nothing and was accused of being a criminal suspect of "forced molestation of men."

What a miserable word.

"Mr. Zhao. Because your identity information cannot be found so far, you are still within the scope of our strict monitoring."

In front of the bed, a police officer said seriously: "After all inspections are completed, you will be restricted to our specific apartment. You will be supervised by a special supervisor."

Zhao Qingxian: "Then when can I get rid of suspicion..."

"It's hard to say."

The police officer spread his hands and said. He stared at Zhao Qingxian: "Be honest. A doctor will come over to check your body later."

He was not worried that Zhao Qingxian would run away, because Zhao Qingxian had an anklet version of a spirit-binding lock on his feet. With most of his spiritual power being restricted, Zhao Qingxian had no way to go.

Zhao Qingxian had no choice but to lie down obediently.

As soon as the police officer left, Zhao Qingxian saw a man covered in bandages...

The seriously ill patient was pushed to the bed next to him by a female nurse.

This person is none other than Fan Xing...

After many surgeries in the hospital, Fan Xing's recovery is in good condition. However, there is still a long way to go before he fully recovers.

Of course, even if Fan Xing fully recovers afterwards... for Fan Xing, he is destined to have no happiness in his life.

"Brother? Brother?" Zhao Qingxian tried to talk to Fan Xing.

It wasn't because he was bored, but because he felt that he had found an opportunity in Fan Xing.

Now, he is under inexplicable surveillance by the police. He has also been charged with unfounded charges. Under the premise of such a serious crime, his action plan on earth will encounter huge obstacles!

In addition, the spirit-binding chains on his feet suppressed most of his spiritual power... It would definitely not be easy to escape.

But after all, he is also a cultivator in the divine realm.

Even if there are two anklet version of the Soul Binding Lock, it can still be done by casting some small spells.

Now, Fan Xing was beside him. Although his body was damaged and he was unconscious, Zhao Qingxian found a chance.

"I can only give it a try...{Temporary·Soul Changing Technique}!"

Zhao Qingxian suddenly had his own plan in mind.

This technique is actually a simplified version of the spell "Seize the Body."

Use this on someone who is unconscious. The success rate will be greatly improved.

Once successfully cast, the effect of soul exchange will be achieved within 72 hours.

So, it doesn't matter if you are not satisfied with your body.

After 72 hours, the body will switch back again.

This is a simple body swap game!

Zhao Qingxian used simple magic to make judgments. He believed that Fan Xing was not completely incapable of action. It was just that his depression hindered his actions.

What is the specific situation? Just wait for the soul exchange to be completed and he will personally identify it.

He also has some elixirs on hand. They should be able to help Fan Xing quickly recover from his physical injuries...

These are the life-saving guys he brought from God's Domain. The effects are incomparable to those on earth!

This is not the first time that he has had the idea of getting rid of this fat body!

Because Zhao Qingxian gradually became more active, he had been given a lot of sugar since he was a child.

This caused Zhao Qingxian's body to expand abnormally. Today it has reached the point where he is unable to control and restrain himself.

The rules in the divine domain are strict. Zhao Qingxian never dared to have the unreasonable thought of taking over his body. Now on earth, he has found an opportunity.

Moreover, Fan Xing's facial features are still okay.

If he uses this face to seduce Liu Qingyi, Zhao Qingxian feels that not only can he hide his identity, but he can also greatly increase his success rate.

"Brother... I'm sorry!" Zhao Qingxian thought about it.

Finally, he finally made up his mind to take action against Fan Xing!

Fan Xing saw Zhao Qingxian reaching out to him.

...

The first reaction is naturally to struggle.

However, it was already too late. In an instant, a bright light burst out from the two people's heavenly caps.

Soul exchange. Completed!

Fan Xing's soul returned to Zhao Qingxian's body. At this moment, his hand still maintained its position on Fan Xing's body.

The young police officer was shocked when he entered the door. He quickly pulled Zhao Qingxian away: "You pervert... I knew you wouldn't even let a man go!"

At this time, Fan Xing felt aggrieved after being transferred into Zhao Qingxian's body.

He was speechless at all. The reason was that Zhao Qingxian imposed a speech-silencing spell on himself before the soul exchange. As a result, Fan Xing was unable to speak at all in a short period of time.

"Successful! At this time, Zhao Qingxian successfully grabbed Fan Xing's body.

However, after a brief visit, the smile on Zhao Qingxian's face gradually solidified...

wipe!

This man has no balls!

This time he lost money!





Chapter 1357 Monk Jin Deng comes to visit


The reason why the Zhao family can gain a foothold in God's Domain is to rank in the top ten.

In fact, it is also due to the various strange skills mastered by the Zhao family.

To put it bluntly, it's just that the mind is too big, which leads to an increase in all kinds of weird knowledge.

Then we developed some weird spells based on Heavenly Dao...

Some of these spells are very powerful, but some are also useless.

After many years of experiments, the head of the Zhao family has naturally mastered countless "weird spells."

Although Zhao Qingxian is his legitimate son.

But because of my lack of knowledge and skills, although I inherited a lot of things from him, most of them are actually two swords.

At this time, Zhao Qingxian, who had changed his soul into Fan Xing's body, was a little overwhelmed by the situation in front of him.

Although Fan Xing's facial features are passable.

But as a man.

"Important equipment" is missing.

Still doesn't work.

However, {Temporary·Soul Changing} cannot be cast again after it is activated. The body can be automatically replaced after the spell time expires...

But Zhao Qingxian couldn't wait any longer.

He unplugged the various infusion tubes on his body and picked up the storage ring on the ground.

This ring was also deliberately thrown in the corner by Zhao Qingxian before he exchanged his body. Although he exchanged his body, the soul in Fan Xing's body is still Zhao Qingxian.

So. Opening the storage ring is a piece of cake.

Zhao Qingxian took out a {Tian Yuan Gui Xin Dan} worth 1 billion immortal gold.

He sneered: "You are just a miscellaneous repairman from Earth. You are really getting an advantage..."

Throwing the elixir into his stomach, a warm spiritual energy flowed out from his blood vessels, nourishing the whole body and repairing the damaged body.

Zhao Qingxian clearly felt that his physical condition was improving.

This is the life-saving elixir he brought from God's Domain. He brought six pills in total. As long as he is not instantly killed by a palm and still has a breath of life, this pill can bring his life back...

Although Fan Xing's physical condition is a bit bad, with fractures all over his body and severed meridians.

Although the connection has been completed, such an injury needs to be recovered. Based on the current level of elixirs on the earth, even if we use the best medicinal materials to nourish it every day.

Without two years of recuperation, it is absolutely impossible to return to the level of a normal person.

But now, a pill from Zhao Qingxian restored the injury in an instant.

The power of the medicine is still being absorbed, but Zhao Qingxian can already feel that he has regained his ability to move.

Then he opened his pants and took a look. The expression on his face was still a little disappointed: "Even such a miracle drug can't regenerate organs..."

However, Zhao Qingxian has mastered a variety of strange skills. It is not that there is no way to repair it.

"It seems that we have to make a deal with the River God."

He thought of a secret method. Although it was risky, he could give it a try.

Anyway, this body is not his now.

It really doesn't work. Just wait until the statute of limitations expires...

After that, he will choose another person to swap bodies...

On the other side. At the entrance of the villa where Sun Rong lives. There is a handsome monk visiting the huge fountain.

Facing the monk who suddenly appeared in front of her, Aunt Qiu, who was cleaning in front of the door, bowed very politely and smiled: "Master, if you are here for alms, please come with me."

"As expected of Miss Sun Rong's subordinate."

Monk Jin Deng performed a Buddhist ritual. He has always been polite to educated people.

"Master, do you know my lady?"

"The poor monk's Buddhist name is Jin Deng. Please let me know. I have something important to discuss with Miss Sun."

So he is the lady's friend?

Qiu Shuyun was amazed at the wide range of friends her young lady had made.

"Master, please wait a moment." Aunt Qiu nodded.

Then, she immediately walked to the door. She raised the intercom phone at the door and started to confirm the situation with Sun Rong.

In just half a minute, Aunt Qiu got the exact answer. She walked up to the monk and welcomed him in.

...

The monk was taken directly to Sun Rong's room by Aunt Qiu.

In the room, the girl was sitting on the sofa. Two maids were placing vegetarian pastries and tea on the coffee table.

They moved quickly. In a short time, all the things for the reception were ready.

"Stand back. You didn't hear me calling you. No one is allowed to come in." Sun Rong ordered.

"Yes."

The two maids bowed and then quickly retreated.

After there were no outsiders in the room, the monk finally spoke: "Miss Sun is still as considerate and considerate as ever. Seeing that Miss Sun's complexion has returned to the same level as before, the poor monk feels more at ease."

"Master, please sit down quickly."

Sun Rong kept a smile on his face from beginning to end: "I am safe this time. I am grateful for everything Master has done for me! I will definitely repay you in the future!"

"What I have done is insignificant. If Miss Sun wants to thank you, I still have to thank Ling Zhenren." The monk smiled and said, "A monk does not ask for anything in return. I am not here to ask for a gift in return from Miss Sun."

"May I ask what you need to do, Master?" Sun Rong asked.

"The poor monk came here this time to ask what kind of magic weapon Miss Sun wants."

"Magical weapon?"

"Have you forgotten, Miss Sun? You are the champion of this Office of Strategic Deception face pinching competition. The first person to pinch Ling Zhenren's face." The monk just finished speaking. Two streams of steam came out of the girl's ears like a long dragon. Howling out.

But soon, the girl's rapidly rising temperature returned to calmness under the influence of the spell.

Sun Ying'er appeared from the state of shadow. Transformed into an entity. Suddenly appeared beside the girl. Lying on the girl's knees, he said: "Monk Jin Deng. I think you can just buy an electric fan for Rongrong! Save it!" I use cooling techniques on her every day!"

"Ying'er...don't be rude!" Sun Ying'er's outspoken personality has always given Sun Rong a headache.

"There is no need to be so polite..."

"In front of a poor monk." The Jin Deng smiles.

He looked Sun Ying'er up and down.

If it weren't for the difference in hair color and personality.

When two people sit side by side, the monk feels like he is looking at twins.

"Whatever kind of magic weapon Miss Sun wants, you can do it. Most of the poor monks can do it." At this time, the monk glanced at Sun Rong: "Let's do it. How many kinds of magical tools can the poor monk provide for Miss Sun?" direction."

"direction?"

"Yes." The monk nodded: "Magical weapons are classified according to their functions. They are divided into three types: offensive magical weapons, defensive magical weapons, and auxiliary magical weapons. And the poor monk just calculated that Miss Sun may need to use them. To. Auxiliary magic weapon."

"Master, what do you say?" Sun Rong asked curiously.

"Miss Ying'er, doesn't she have back pain? The poor monk can create a magic weapon to relieve back pain," the monk said.

"But Ying'er's back pain was caused by Wang Ying's {Planet thumping technique}."

"Although Miss Sun's body has been blessed by a poor monk, it does not mean that she can do whatever she wants. What does it have to do with me..."

The monk said seriously: "Then Miss Sun is so sure that she won't be in pain in the future..."

Sun Rong: "?"





Chapter 1358 Super Sword Spirit Container


I can only say that the monk deserves to be a monk.

There is a profound meaning in the words of the monks. It is true that ordinary people cannot understand it.

Sun Rong feels that if even the monks were to behave themselves these days, I'm afraid no one else would have anything to do with it.

"Miss Sun's face is so red..."

The monk felt that the girl might have thought of something strange.

He can actually read minds. But for the girl in front of him, the monk felt that he had to pay enough respect.

It is impolite to read people's minds at will.

But this directly led to it. When the monk faced Sun Rong, he actually couldn't really understand Sun Rong's true thoughts.

The problem can only be solved by guessing.

"What the poor monk means is that after this incident, Miss Sun has learned to protect herself. In fact, the auxiliary magic weapon that the poor monk mentioned is not specifically for the waist. Other parts can also be relieved." The monk said.

"I see. Rongrong doesn't seem to like this very much! Isn't the best protection the attack? Why don't monks help Rongrong upgrade his spirit sword?" At this time, Sun Ying'er on the side came up with a new idea.

"Upgrade the spirit sword?" The monk nodded.

This is a good choice.

"Master. This is my sword."

The next moment. Sun Rong opened her hand. A blue aura spewed out from her palm.

She summoned Aohai.

After the last battle at Jiulong Mountain, the Aohai girl group Sun Rong suffered heavy losses. Although the group has spent a lot of money on cloning, it will take a long time to restore the original 48 Aohai.

"Use the technology of cloning the spirit sword to realize the linkage between sword and spirit on the basis of the main body..."

The monk saw the secret hidden in Aohai at a glance.

Doing so can indeed greatly increase combat power. However, it will also place a huge burden on the girl's body.

Controlling so many spiritual swords will greatly test the spiritual power and spiritual power of the original owner of the spiritual sword.

Just like a computer running multiple programs at the same time has an overheating reaction. Over time, it may even cause irreversible damage to the body.

"Miss Sun, from now on, it is better not to use the clone sword for sword and spirit linkage... I have a better way." At this time, the monk said.

Although the girl's body had been enlightened by him, using the sword-spirit linkage technique would not be life-threatening. However, the monk did not want the girl to use such painful methods in order to improve her combat power.

"Master, do you have any better suggestions?" Sun Rong asked curiously.

"I can transform Aohai's body and turn it into a huge sword and spirit container. Let Aohai continue to copy and clone himself in the container. In this case, it is actually equivalent to achieving the effect of sword and spirit linkage!"

The monk said, "Even, the poor monk thinks that this is the ultimate evolved version! As long as the transformation is successful! Miss Sun Rong's Ao Hai will never be destroyed, and she will only need to manipulate a sword to call out hundreds of millions of Ao Hai for battle!"

"Battle..."

"'It can be like this?" Sun Rong covered her mouth in surprise.

She knew how powerful the monk was, so she had no doubt that the monk could do all this.

"These Aohais are constantly replicating in the container. At the same time, they can also be combined to increase their combat power. As long as the number of copies and clones is large enough, in theory, Miss Sun's combat power will have unlimited growth possibilities..."

The monk smiled and said: "Although Miss Sun only has the Foundation Building, as long as she has this sword, I can't guarantee it in other places. But on this earth, Miss Sun can defeat 99% of people."

"The remaining 1%. Is it the master and classmate Wang Ling?" Sun Rong said with a smile.

"Han must have led us. But there may be other masters out there."

The monk nodded and replied: "But to upgrade Aohai, we still need two things."

"What?"

"I need Miss Ying'er to provide me with a formula for splitting," the monk said.

The idea of upgrading Aohai into a Sword Spirit super container for Sun Rong was also a crazy idea that the monk had based on Sun Ying'er's Shadow ability.

But after all, this matter involves the secret of Sun Ying'er's law. The monk thought that Sun Ying'er would not tell it easily.

As a result, the white-haired girl in front of him was much more cheerful than the monk imagined: "This is easy. Rongrong and I are one. Helping Rongrong means helping me."

"That's good."

The monk nodded: "As for the second thing, it is the Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube that I got when Ling Zhenren and I went to clear the Unspeakable Land a while ago. Since Miss Ying'er agreed to hand over the formula, then this matter is settled. Already."

"But. Is that something that belongs to classmate Wang Ling?"

Sun Rong frowned: "If you ask for it like this, wouldn't it be bad?"

"Ling Zhenren will never refuse to give it."

The monk said confidently: "The Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube is certainly precious, but something like this is actually worthless in Ling Zhenren's eyes."

At this point, Monk Jin Deng's words suddenly paused for a moment. He suddenly turned his attention to the girl: "Compared to the Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube, Ling Zhenren actually knows very well in his heart that he has something more precious..."

"What are you talking about, Master..." Sun Rong felt a little embarrassed again.

"Miss Sun, there is no need to be embarrassed. I thought that Ling Zhenren would have an epiphany sooner or later. You just need to be more patient."

"Aren't you a monk? Why do you look so understanding?"

At this time, Sun Ying'er came up and couldn't help but ask.

"Miss Ying'er doesn't know something. This poor monk once served as an emperor. He had three thousand beauties in his harem. Of course he understands."

"Master was once an emperor?"Sun Rong was shocked.

"I don't feel anything else. It's just a pain in my back."

"..."

...

On the other side, Zhao Qingxian borrowed Fan Xing's body.

He grabbed a jar of specimens from the biological anatomy room in the hospital and quickly left the hospital.

The first priority. Of course is to solve yourself...

The defects are gone.

Zhao Qingxian found the nearest river to the First Military Medical Hospital in Songhai City. As soon as he reached the river, he couldn't wait to start casting spells.

Get ready to start summoning. Heavenly Dao River God.

This is the way ordinary cultivators in God's Domain carry out "equivalent exchange."

Under normal circumstances, the Heavenly Dao River God does the work for you.

Not everyone has the right to meet directly with Heavenly Dao Golden Men for fair and equal exchange.

In fact, it is said to be "equivalent exchange." Only Heavenly Dao's little Golden Men are truly equivalent.

Compared to Heavenly DaoGolden Men. In fact, most cultivators in the divine realm cannot get any bargains from Heavenly Dao River God...

But now, Zhao Qingxian has no other option.

"River God! River God! Please listen to my call!"

In front of the river, Zhao Qingxian kneaded the spell in his hands and muttered something.

Wow!

On the calm river surface, a slender figure rose from the sky following the sound.

A handsome young man wearing a hairpin and long hair with phoenix eyes appeared in front of Zhao Qingxian.

Drops of water slipped from the young man's well-proportioned muscles, scattering an intoxicating light...

His whole body was filled with the supreme aura of the Heavenly Dao Law. As soon as he spoke, Zhao Qingxian woke up: "Young Zhao Qingxian, you are still this golden elephant egg. You are still this silver elephant. Egg?"

"elephant???"

Zhao Qingxian was shocked.

The specimen he stole wasn't human?





Chapter 1359 Another Buddhist sage?


Why are there elephant specimens in the hospital...

Zhao Qingxian's face darkened. The next moment he began to struggle.

At this time, if you choose nothing, then both the golden and silver eggs will be his.

But the problem is. If these two things are hanging down, how can he walk!

Even if you can walk! It's easy to get pulled!

Suddenly, Zhao Qingxian was in a dilemma.

Because if he chooses to lie or chooses not to accept it, he will be severely punished by the river god.

So Zhao Qingxian sighed and had no choice but to tell the truth: "Lord River God, these are not mine... My original intention is..."

"You don't need to explain any more."

The handsome river god with red and phoenix eyes has already seen through Zhao Qingxian's heart.

He had a cold look on his face. He threw the golden and silver eggs in his hands into the river. Then he looked at Zhao Qingxian and said with the aura of a boss: "The rules. Do you understand?"

"{Tian Yuan Gui Xin Dan}!"

Zhao Qingxian gritted his teeth. He took out two pills unceremoniously: "These are my tributes to Lord River God!"

"Two coins for two coins? Ha. You know what's going on."

The River God raised his finger and swept away the two pills: "According to the law of equivalent transactions, the part you lost is actually irreversible. So, when I return the thing to you, you will also have another part of your body. It disappears randomly. But don't worry. The disappeared parts will not affect your life."

"This..."

Zhao Qingxian didn't expect that he would be in such a situation after losing two pills.

He wanted to ask the River God to return the elixir to him. However, the River God's expression quickly turned cold: "Hmm? Do you want to regret it? The consequences of regretting it are very serious."

"I..."

Zhao Qingxian knew that he had no other choice: "Okay! I just have one request. I hope Lord River God won't make me bald... other parts. If I lose a finger or something, that's no problem."

"You think so."

River God hehe: "However, according to the principle of equivalent exchange, the disappearing parts are random. Even I can't control it. Just ask for your own blessings."

As soon as he finished speaking, the aura on the River God suddenly turned aside.

A wonderful sense of supremacy emanated from him.

Mysterious and mysterious. The gate of all mysteries...

All kinds of illusions arise...

Feeling the power of the Heavenly Dao River God up close, Zhao Qingxian felt that the whole world seemed to be quiet at this moment.

In fact, every transaction with Heavenly Dao, the river god, is also a great opportunity to experience the laws of Heavenly Dao up close.

However, the time of this feeling is too short. It always leaves people with a feeling of unfinished learning.

"Transaction completed."

After about tens of seconds, the river god reopened his phoenix eyes.

Zhao Qingxian: "Did it succeed?"

The river god nodded: "Succeeded."

Zhao Qingxian opened his pants excitedly and took a look...

.

The next moment, his whole body felt like a thunderbolt. He was extremely shocked by the scene in front of him: "Lord River God!!!"

The river god raised his eyebrows: "What's the matter?"

Zhao Qingxian roared: "You put the eggs back. Take away my fried dough sticks!!! What's the use!!!"

The river god smiled: "From now on, you will be the new old man."

After saying this, his whole body turned into a puddle of clear water and melted into the river. Only Zhao Qingxian was left alone on the river bank, messy in the wind.

"Why. Why was I so unlucky after coming to earth..."

He didn't know how much time passed. Zhao Qingxian squatted down from the river bank with his head in his hands.

The expression on his face was painful. Full of the breakdown of an adult.

All this is actually just as the monk said at the beginning.

As a cultivator in the Divine Realm, life in the Divine Realm is too comfortable now. In order to make the cultivation path of the younger generations more stable, the parents have laid various roads for the younger generations of the family in advance.

I was afraid that these family members would fall down on the road.

And an overly comfortable life has also made these cultivators who have come out of the divine realm become mentally fragile...

Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi have all suffered losses before.

Fortunately, they are growing very quickly.

The hardships on the earth have made their hearts stronger, their spirits tougher, and their dealings smoother...

These growths are not what Zhao Qingxian currently possesses.

"Is it painful?"

At this time, a figure appeared behind Zhao Qingxian.

This man was wearing a black cloak. He had a neat black haircut and sword-shaped eyebrows. He looked like a man from a comic book.

Zhao Qingxian didn't know this man.

But this man seemed to know him. And he seemed to know everything about him.

The man stretched out his hand. Zhao Qingxian was stunned when he saw this hand as white as jade with distinct finger bones.

He couldn't imagine that a man's hands could be so delicate.

The other party stretched out his finger and gently touched his forehead.

The next moment, Zhao Qingxian suddenly felt that his missing part had returned...

"This..." He was surprised in his heart.

"It's just an illusion that exists and doesn't exist." The man laughed.

"Senior!" Zhao Qingxian knelt down

"You're welcome."

The man helped Zhao Qingxian up. He was extremely gentle: "My name is Yang Shuangji. You can also call me Mr. Shuangji."

"Mr. Shuangji..."

Zhao Qingxian chewed the name carefully. At the same time, the expression on his face was extremely surprised: "Mr. Shuangji and I have never met. I don't know why Mr. Shuangji wants to help me?"

"The pain of life is just a matter of effort." The man named Shuangji smiled.

At this time, Zhao Qingxian noticed that there was a string of Buddhist beads hanging around the man's neck. Each beads was as big as a walnut. This gave Zhao Qingxian a sense of déjà vu.

Just because of the lines on it, Zhao Qingxian seems to be somewhere...

Seems like I've seen it before.

"Acting against nature. Do you know your sin..."

At this moment, on the originally calm river, serious voices sounded like phantom sounds on the Dao.

Zhao Qingxian felt a harsh sound. He was about to kneel down on the ground. But Mr. Shuangji next to him gently tapped his ear again, and the force was easily dissipated.

The handsome Heavenly Dao River God who had disappeared before reappeared. He stared at the man who suddenly appeared in front of him with a pair of phoenix eyes.

Obviously, he was dissatisfied with Mr. Shuangji's meddling behavior.

"If you have the ability, you can defy heaven. I don't know what crime you are guilty of?" Mr. Shuangji took a step forward, with golden light surrounding his body.

"The most holy one in Buddhism?" Heavenly Dao River God was extremely surprised.

"Lord River God, please step back. You are no match for me."

Yang Shuangji stood in front of Zhao Qingxian: "I am destined to this person. So I will protect him."

"You have broken the laws of Heavenly Dao. As the River God, how can I spare you..." The Phoenix-Eyed River God was furious. His voice was indifferent and had a powerful majesty.

The next moment, the river began to boil. The laws of the great avenues intertwined and began to flow out.

"Don't overestimate your capabilities..." Yang Shuangji shook his head.

Chi!

He clasped his hands together. A golden Buddha light shot out from his hands.

Before the river god could fully become angry, it penetrated the skull of the phoenix-eyed river god.

The Buddha's light crashed into the body of the river god. With astonishing energy, the Heavenly Dao river god was shattered on the spot and evaporated instantly...





Chapter 1360 The list of people who must not be provoked


The Heavenly Dao River God was destroyed in an instant. Zhao Qingxian's surprise could no longer be described in words.

He only knew one Buddhist sage, "Monk Jin Deng." He did not expect that Mr. Shuangji in front of him was also a Buddhist sage.

The strength of monk Jin Deng. Zhao Qingxian has already experienced it

Even before coming to this earth, Zhao Qingxian still remembered the words his father left for him.

His father was afraid that he would cause trouble when he came to Earth, so he left him a list of people he must not mess with.

In this list, in addition to Ling Zhenren at the top of the list, the name of monk Jin Deng is also on the list.

"A list that must not be messed with?" At this time, Mr. Shuangji smiled slightly in front of him.

His mind-reading ability is as powerful as Monk Jin Deng's.

"Mr. Shuangji knows things like a god"

"It's just some little tricks." Yang Shuangji said: "Your list is quite interesting. I didn't expect that even my senior brother's name is on it."

"Mr. Shuangji, are you talking about senior Jin Deng?" Zhao Qingxian was shocked.

The Yang Shuangji in front of me is actually the junior brother of Monk Jin Deng?

"Jin Deng is indeed my senior brother. But he probably doesn't know that I'm still alive."

Yang Shuangji said casually: "Maybe for him, my existence may be bad news. Because then, he will no longer be the only successor of the master."

"Zhao Qingxian didn't dare to talk.

Although Yang Shuangji in front of him claimed to be monk Jin Deng's junior brother, Zhao Qingxian felt that this man had a strange feeling all over his body.

"If Donor Zhao feels that my words are not credible, it is actually normal. It is necessary to be on guard against others. But I believe that time and reality will prove everything."

Yang Shuangji looked at the information on the list carefully. He couldn't help but smile: "Donor Zhao, how about we kill all the people on this list together?"

Zhao Qingxian thought he heard wrongly: "What are you talking about, sir?"

He couldn't believe that the person in front of him was so bold and would say such a thing.

"Donor Zhao, don't worry. In fact, I have returned to secular life a long time ago. So killing a few people can only be regarded as a basic operation for me."

Yang Shuangji said calmly, as if he was just talking about a few ants: "I'm not even afraid of the Heavenly Dao. I dare not even go against the sky. Not to mention the killings under my hands."

"But sir, you don't understand." Zhao Qingxian tried his best to stop Yang Shuangji's crazy thoughts.

Wang Ling's method. Although he has not witnessed it with his own eyes

Because when Wang Ling took action in God's Domain, the sense of oppression was too strong. Zhao Qingxian did not react at all. He had already fainted.

He learned about Ling Zhenren from the servants of the Zhao family, several clan elders, and his father.

Before leaving, the head of the Zhao family gave many instructions, saying that this person should not be provoked.

Zhao Qingxian naturally couldn't turn a deaf ear to it.

He came to Earth on the orders of his father. He also came to curry favor with Ling Zhenren. Therefore, it was absolutely impossible for him to do such a treasonous thing.

Of course, Liu Qingyi's matter is also very important.

The relationship between Liu Qingyi and Ling Zhenren is extraordinary. So if he wants to catch up with Liu Qingyi, it is even more impossible for Zhao Qingxian to offend Wang Ling

"I know what you're afraid of."

At this time, Yang Shuangji said: "The donor named Wang in the list. If my guess is correct, this is all a trick of my senior brother."

"What do you mean, senior?" Zhao Qingxian was puzzled.

"My senior brother is originally a complete liar. He sings a double act, but this is his common trick."

"Sing an double act?"

"That's right. My senior brother has created countless legendary characters. He was even named the Vest Buddha."

Yang Shuangji said: "Senior brother, he has been reincarnated for so many lives. He has experienced everything from pretending to be a woman to being an emperor, to being a beggar, an eunuch, and dying in a fat house. With such rich experiences, he has created a vest for himself. It is absolutely amazing. It's not difficult."

At this moment, Zhao Qingxian understood instantly.

Vest Buddha

In other words, Ling Zhenren is actually a vest issued by monk Jin Deng?

Zhao Qingxian was completely confused when he heard this.

Now. He is beginning to be unable to tell which side is correct.

On the one hand, he really didn't see Wang Ling's strength with his own eyes. He only knew from word of mouth that there was such a ridiculously strong man.

On the other hand, Yang Shuangji spoke categorically, as if he was extremely confident in his reasoning. This made Zhao Qingxian full of doubts.

Yang Shuangji's eyes gradually became crazy: "My senior brother's strength is beyond eternity. If I were not still alive, I am afraid there would be no one in this world who could restrain him. Except for me, there would be no one. Than He is even stronger than a human being. If he has one, it must be his vest."

Zhao Qingxian: "What does that mean?"

Yang Shuangji: "I just need you to follow me for the time being and then witness with me the moment when my senior brother's conspiracy is exposed!"

Zhao Qingxian: "But I still don't understand. Why did Mr. choose me?"

Yang Shuangji: "Maybe you haven't realized it yet. You are a very important witness."

Zhao Qingxian couldn't believe it: "Me?"

"Your father asked you to come to earth just to curry favor with the so-called powerful one. But in fact, you don't need to curry favor with anyone."

When Yang Shuangji said this, he couldn't help but smile: "Everything is destined. In short, follow me and you will get everything you want."

"Then I am willing to give it a try with your husband." Zhao Qingxian gritted his teeth.

"Very good." Yang Shuangji nodded with satisfaction: "First of all, our first step is to expose my senior brother's conspiracy and eliminate the vests he spawned."

"Are you confident, sir?"

"Of course."

Yang Shuangji chuckled: "No one can resist my Shura pestle."

On the other side. The Wang family's small villa. The monk is solving the Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube.

The hexahedron Rubik's Cube. Wang Ling played with it like a toy for a while after visiting the King's Eyes store, and then put it aside.

Now I heard that Jin Deng wanted to use it to make a utensil. Wang Ling did not hesitate to give it to him. Anyway, it was useless to him.

"Zhenren gave it to me. It's so refreshing."

The monk thought that finding the Rubik's Cube might not be an easy task.

At this time, he was holding the Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube. The expression on his face suddenly became melancholy.

For some reason, Jin Deng thought of the scene where he and his junior brother competed to play with the Rubik's Cube.

"Do you have a junior brother?" Wang Ling read the monk's thoughts and asked curiously.

"Yes. My junior brother. But he passed away a long time ago. And he was also a Rubik's Cube enthusiast."

Monk Jin Deng holds the Rubik's Cube in his hand. The feeling of seeing things and thinking about others arises spontaneously.

The monk considers himself not a particularly sentimental person.

But I don't know why. He held the Rubik's Cube and suddenly felt as if his junior brother was not dead yet.

"Are you sure? Is your junior brother dead?" At this time, Wang Ling asked via voice transmission.

Monk Jin Deng said concisely and concisely: "He must be dead. I scattered the ashes."





Chapter 1361 Mr. Shuangji's road to death


Mentioning his junior brother, the monk's face was full of melancholy.

In my impression, Wang Ling rarely saw a monk showing such an expression.

You know, the friendship between the monk and his junior brother back then was very deep.

At this time, the monk said Amitabha and then said, "Let me tell you about my experience of scattering ashes."

Wang Ling: "..."

Monk Jin Deng said: "Back then, my junior brother and I entered the Buddhist hall together and broke through the maze of words left by the master. Those who pass the level can inherit the mantle of the master. But halfway through, I was trapped by the "maze of the past" left by the master."

Hearing this. Wang Ling understood clearly.

This Buddhist maze of the past is probably based on the same principle as the original Heavenly Dao move made by the monk before.

If the practitioner does not reflect on himself, he will be trapped in the infinite illusion of the past forever.

"This was originally a test given to me by my master. But I let him down."

Monk Jin Deng sighed: "If my junior brother leaves me and moves on, he can become my master's successor. However, junior brother, he sacrificed himself in order to get me out of the predicament."

"Then you become the sage of Buddhism" Wang Ling asked.

"No." The monk shook his head: "The cultivation of the poor monk today was achieved by relying on his own strength after his great enlightenment. Although my junior brother saved me, I did not open the door to the end of the Buddhist hall."

"Junior brother, he is a more suitable successor than me. He sacrificed his life to help me out of trouble. This kind of friendship is worth remembering for the rest of my life."

"The door to the end is still in the Buddhist hall. So far, no monk has opened it. I don't know what the master left for us. Maybe it is some kind of magical weapon or some Buddhist scriptures."

At this time, the monk gave a wry smile and said, "But since it is the inheritance of the mantle, this thing must be able to help one of my brothers become the most holy saint in Buddhism."

When Monk Jin Deng said this, he found that Wang Ling suddenly frowned, looking thoughtful.

"Ling Zhenren" asked the monk.

He rarely sees Wang Ling looking dazed.

If so. Something big must be happening.

For example, last time he was in a daze, he exchanged souls with "Crispy Noodles Dao Lord."

Wang Ling came back to his senses: "Yeah, it's okay."

Zhao Qingxian was taken into his core world by Yang Shuangji.

At this time, Yang Shuangji, who was in action, also began to carry out his own delisting plan for the list of people who must not be provoked.

Except for Wang Ling and the monk who are ranked first and second in this list, the rest of the names are in no particular order.

"Senior, if you don't want to kill Ling Zhenren, why did you choose the last person on the list to do it first?" Zhao Qingxian asked curiously in the core world.

"Good food. Save it for last." Mr. Shuangji said.

Killing his senior brother and his vest too early is too boring.

So Yang Shuangji's idea was to kill all the others on the list. Finally, he would attack Monk Jin Deng and Wang Ling.

Since they can appear on this list, I know that these people must be related to my senior brothers.

Last person on the list: Sun Rong.

This is the first target he wants to kill.

It's just a Foundation Phase.

It can be extinguished by just blowing on it.

But Yang Shuangji didn't know where the girl lived.

So, he used his Asura pestle to argue his position.

Zhao Qingxian: "What are you going to do, sir?"

Yang Shuangji smiled: "Just watch."

He stood on a flat ground and stood the Asura Pestle upright on it. Then he released his hand. The Asura Pestle immediately fell in one direction.

"That's the right direction."

This method of position defense seems a bit random, but Yang Shuangji believes in it.

The legendary Buddhist theory of debate.

Just recite the name of the person you are looking for in your mind.

And what's more convenient is that this list of people who must not be messed with actually comes with photos of each person.

Except for the photo of the vest called "Wang Ling" owned by his senior brother, which is a mosaic. The photos of the rest of the people are clearly listed next to their names.

This undoubtedly brought great convenience to Yang Shuangji's search.

"This girl looks pretty good to me. If you like women, I think you can give it a try." Yang Shuangji chuckled.

"No. I only have Qingyi in my heart. I can no longer tolerate other women." Zhao Qingxian shook his head and refused.

Although judging from the photos, Sun Rong is indeed very beautiful. Her exquisite facial features can almost be described as impeccable.

To use Zhao Qingxian's words, this is the "first love face" that all boys have fantasized about.

However, as an infatuated man, his heart has already been given to Liu Qingyi.

This time he was willing to go down to earth. In fact, his main purpose was to go to Liu Qingyi.

"I didn't expect you to be a lover. What a pity."

Yang Shuangji smiled and said: "Then I'll do it first. Anyway, I've already returned to secular life. And I haven't touched a woman for a long time."

"Senior is thinking"

"Yes. I will kill this girl first. Then enjoy it while it's hot."

Yang Shuangji raised the corners of his lips, showing an evil face.

"This time, Zhao Qingxian suddenly felt a little regretful.

The person he was following didn't seem normal! He was too perverted!

The key is that such a person is actually the most holy Buddha in Buddhism. Is it certain that he will not cry?

Using the "Asura Pestle" method of identifying Buddha's fate, Yang Shuangji soon arrived at the door of the luxurious villa where Sun Rong lived.

"Too weak."

In front of the door, Yang Shuangji felt the atmosphere inside the villa. He only felt that the people inside were weak and pitiful.

But treat a Foundation Phase.

He also has to pay a little attention.

Since you want to get close to a woman, you can't be too harsh. Otherwise, she will be beaten into a paste by him, which will be very embarrassing.

He raised his hand and pointed his palm towards the direction of Sun Rong's bedroom.

Trying to use the force of his palm to draw the girl out of the room.

As a result, at this moment, in the void, a wave of powerful aura struck in the opposite direction from the direction of his palm power.

The huge energy poured in like a long river. In an instant, Yang Shuangji's palms were shaken open.

"There are experts"

Yang Shuangji was shocked. He didn't expect that there was a master of decision-making hidden in this room.

While he was thinking, a group of shadows was gathering in the void. Countless shadows poured out from the direction of Sun Rong's bedroom. Finally, they formed the prototype of Sun Ying'er.

"Who is it! You want to attack my Rongrong!"

As soon as Sun Ying'er appeared, he turned his attention to Yang Shuangji at the door: "Huh! Anyone who touches my Rongrong will die!"

Furious, her snow-white hair fluttered in the air. Sun Ying'er pursed her lips. In an instant, she split into more than a dozen split bodies and attacked Yang Shuangji!





Chapter 1362 Shadow Execution Song


"There is actually a... clone with the same energy as my own body?"

This was the first time Yang Shuangji had encountered such a thing. Strictly speaking, he felt that this was not a separation at all.

However, Yang Shuangji seemed to gradually understand the specific principles of its use while dealing with several split bodies.

These split people are all based on the original body. So as long as the main body is removed, the split body will automatically disappear.

At this time, Yang Shuangji turned his gaze to Sun Ying'er in the void.

He extended his right hand and said: "--Here comes the pestle!"

A Buddha pestle with a purple-gold body and a ferocious beast engraved on its head came to his hand from the void through the layers of space walls.

This is the "Shura Pestle" that Yang Shuangji is proud of.

The ferocious beast on the head is the Buddhist prison-suppressing beast that suppresses the eighteen levels of hell.

Although it is a Buddhist object, it has a very strong evil aura on it. Sun Ying'er's body has not yet come close. Just smelling the breath of Shura pestle, I can feel the illusion of void in front of me.

Everything was dyed blood red. Even the water vapor in the air seemed to have turned into blood mist, making it difficult to breathe.

Buzz!

"Senior, why does she look in pain?" Zhao Qingxian asked curiously in the core world. He didn't know what happened.

From his own perspective, the sky is still blue and the clouds are white. Everything is normal.

"This is the Asura Blood Phantom Array of the Asura Pestle. The more serious the killing karma, the harder it is for people to escape." Yang Shuangji sneered: "He was trapped by my Asura Pestle. He can't escape for the time being. Everything he saw in the illusion array It's all fake. And we are still in reality. Now we just need to walk in generously and take down the girl."

"But who is this White Hair girl?"

"It should be Miss Sun who refined her shadow into a magic weapon? Although I don't know how she did it. But it really surprised me a little. It's just a Foundation Building..."

Before Yang Shuangji could finish his words, a shadow suddenly came out of the void and hit him hard on the right side of his face.

Immediately afterwards, Yang Shuangji's entire face began to distort, and then he quickly flew backwards, collapsing a metal bridge pier in the distance, causing the entire bridge deck to collapse instantly.

Although the movement was huge, Yang Shuangji himself did not seem to have suffered much trauma. After he climbed up from the rubble, he was surprised to find that Sun Ying'er in front of him had actually broken away from the illusion with his own strength.

"Humph! I didn't expect that!" Sun Ying'er chuckled.

The more serious the killing karma, the harder it is for people to escape?

Sun Ying'er smiled.

She went from becoming a shadow to becoming the Lord of the Void to now. Although she has fought many people from the Office of Strategic Deception!

But the problem is. She didn't kill anyone!

Not only has he not committed any murder, but he is also forced to accept beatings from Wang Ying every day!

Sun Ying'er thought of this and almost cried out of grievance.

In grief and anger, she almost immediately broke away from the illusion of the Shura pestle, and then gave Yang Shuangji in front of her a blow of the "Breaking Face Fist."

Although the split body hit the right side of the face, the power of this punch was already sufficient.

The damage from the backlash was fed back to the split body almost instantly, shattering the split body that took action.

However, Yang Shuangji flew very far. However, such an explosive punch did not cause substantial damage to him.

Sun Ying'er was slightly surprised. The person in front of her was much stronger than she imagined.

"The sage of Buddhism?" she muttered.

Just when the split body punched him, she saw a layer of protective Buddha light shining outside Yang Shuangji's body. Although it was only for a moment.

But Sun Ying'er was sure that he was not wrong.

In addition, the Shura pestle is now floating in the void.

This is a powerful Buddhist anti-realm weapon!

And what makes Sun Ying'er even more horrified is that the power of chaos flows inside. There is at least 5% of the power of chaos in it!

Fortunately, her combat power is not low. Otherwise, it would just be pills.

"I don't know how the little girl inside refined the shadow sacrifice into a magic weapon."

But if you are willing to come with me. I can bypass your master's life, only robbing sex, not killing." Yang Shuangji said.

"You, the supreme saint of Buddhism, even said such shameless words, I've really lived long enough to see that! You're not a fake monk, are you?" As Sun Ying'er listened to Yang Shuangji's words, she felt unimaginable and at the same time felt a bit amused: "Also, what makes you think that I'm a ritualized magic treasure?"

She felt that the fake monk in front of her had an inexplicable arrogance, and it was the kind of arrogance that looked at the sky from a well... Although Sun Ying'er heard that before, monk Jin Deng was also extremely confident in his own strength. But at least he will reflect on it!

They are also the sages of Buddhism. Why can the gap be so big?

Sun Ying'er felt that there was something strange about the man in front of her.

If you say he is a fake monk, but the holy aura exuding from his whole body is real, just like monk Jin Deng.

If he is a true monk...this kind of idea, which is even more perverted than Wang Ying's, would actually appear in the head of such a Buddhist sage. This is something Sun Ying'er cannot accept no matter what.

"In that case, I will take down both of you, master and servant, today! A threesome might be more enjoyable..." Yang Shuangji licked his lips.

He controlled the Asura Pestle, jumped up from a distance, and killed Sun Ying'er.

At this time, Sun Ying'er was still in deep shock.

She thought Wang Ying was perverted enough.

Unexpectedly, someone even more perverted came right now!

Sure enough. There is no end to the realm of perversion...

After such a comparison, Sun Ying'er suddenly felt that Wang Ying was much more normal than Yang Shuangji!

At least Wang Ying just used the {Planet thumping technique} on her. Although it hurt her back, he didn't do anything else that crossed the line!

Compared with Yang Shuangji. Wang Ying is simply a gentleman!

"As long as I restrain you, your split body will disappear."

At this time, Yang Shuangji's laughter grew closer and closer.

His Asura pestle blossomed into full bloom at this moment. The blood-colored Buddha light shone thousands of miles away. It was extremely splendid, with natural majesty in the forest.

Those split bodies were all suppressed to the ground. They were like nails sunk deep into the ground and unable to move.

At the same time, the Shura pestle fell on Sun Ying'er's body to suppress it!

The dense oppressive force trapped the careless girl!

"It's all that damn Wang Ying's fault!"

Sun Ying'er was anxious. Her strength was limited by Wang Ying, which caused Yang Shuangji to gain the upper hand at this time.

Otherwise, how could a mere Yang Shuangji be her opponent!

Yang Shuangji had a lewd look on his face. His tongue was very long. When he threw himself in front of Sun Ying'er, he almost licked Sun Ying'er's face.

But at this moment.

A buzz!

The huge black shadow covering the sky suddenly disappeared!

The black shadow was like a tide. It rolled in from all directions and swept Sun Ying'er away in an instant.

Yang Shuangji stuck out his tongue.

In the end, I just felt lonely.

At the critical moment, Sun Ying'er was rescued.

She felt an overbearing force pulling her apart. And this force was something she was all too familiar with!

That man showed up!

He rescued her as if a god had appeared. Then he quickly involved Yang Shuangji into his core world.

Here!

It is the core world of Wang Ying!

"Wang...Wang Ying..." Sun Ying'er almost cried.

All kinds of complicated emotions were intertwined in my heart. I was a little moved. But most of all, I was disgusted by the tongue that Yang Shuangji just stuck out.

"Who are you again?"

Facing the man who suddenly appeared, Yang Shuangji was depressed because he had not succeeded just now.

"Touch my people?" Wang Ying frowned.

He stood with his hands behind his back. He didn't even move his fingers.

The countless shadows in the core world turned into tens of thousands of shapes and attacked and killed them instantly!

"You..." Yang Shuangji's eyes showed horror. This power was too frightening. Moreover, the proud Shura pestle in his hand was snatched away by these strips of shadow. It was swallowed up in an instant!

That was a confident magic weapon that he was proud of...

Now that it was taken away, Yang Shuangji instantly lost most of his sense of security.

The countless strips rolled up from all directions, grabbing Yang Shuangji's limbs and wrapping him tightly.

"No!" Yang Shuangji shouted, burning his own essence and blood, wanting to fight.

However, all this is in vain.

Wang Ying's speed was too fast. His figure was as ghostly as a ghost. In an instant, he appeared in front of Yang Shuangji. He stretched out his hand and strangled his neck.

Yang Shuangji was pinched so much that it hurt. The tongue in his mouth was forced out by Wang Ying.

Wang Ying said nothing.

All I could hear was a "chi!" sound!

He controlled the strip of shadow around him and pulled out Yang Shuangji's entire tongue.

However. For Wang Ying.

All this. But it's just the beginning.

"You have moved. Where?"

Wang Ying stared at Yang Shuangji with dark eyes.

He began to torture at his own pace.

In the core world, Yang Shuangji's screams kept coming...

At this time.

This is unique to Wang Ying. Shadow execution song.





Chapter 1363 Yang Shuangji's true identity


Wang Ying didn't know why she hated Yang Shuangji so much.

Maybe it's because of Yang Shuangji's arrogant face;

Maybe it's because of Yang Shuangji's arrogant and arrogant attitude;

Or maybe it's even simpler. Just because Yang Shuangji bullied Sun Ying'er...

These emotions were mixed together. The anger in Wang Ying's heart was almost ready to come out.

The next battle can be said to be without any suspense. The gap between Wang Ying and Wang Ling is only one King's Eyes. Naturally, Yang Shuangji cannot be Wang Ying's opponent.

He pinched Yang Shuangji's neck, cut off Yang Shuangji's tongue, and finally broke his fingers one by one.

These evil hands filled with filth seemed to Wang Ying to be creepy and disgusting.

{Shadow Execution Song}. This is the most terrifying of all Wang Ying's Shadow spells. Ranked first!

Its power is second only to the {Shadow Ball} used against the groundhog previously.

But once it is carried out, it will make people feel the feeling of inhumane abuse. The heartbreaking harm conveyed will not kill people, but it can make a person's spirit be destroyed by the constant abuse...

Finally. Collapse.

{Shadow Ball} is a confinement-type destruction spell. Every second you stay in the Shadow Ball will cause damage equivalent to one slap of Wang Ling.

But Wang Ying felt that using the {Shadow Ball} would be too advantageous for him when dealing with someone like Yang Shuangji.

And {Shadow Execution Song} is perfect for inflicting on Yang Shuangji.

Striped shadows struck from all directions, like spears, passing through Yang Shuangji's body.

One of them was stabbed directly from Yang Shuangji's mouth. Yang Shuangji's throat was penetrated by a strip of shadow to the bottom, and then passed out from the sole of the foot.

However, Wang Ying's abuse did not end there. His eyes were red and he had entered a violent state.

This is Wang Ying that Sun Ying'er has never seen before.

This made the girl suddenly feel afraid.

In a violent state, Wang Ying commanded thousands of strips of shadow. Unexpectedly, he poked too many holes in Yang Shuangji's body...

He kept repeating his actions.

Like a cold, emotionless machine.

Sun Ying'er finally couldn't stand it anymore. She stepped forward and hugged him from behind: "That's enough! Wang Ying! He's dead!"

This call finally made Wang Ying wake up.

The red light in his eyes faded.

In the core world, everything returns to tranquility.

Only Yang Shuangji's battered, mutilated body remained.

At this point, everything has been executed.

Wang Ying inserted his hand into Yang Shuangji's Dantian.

As soon as Yang Shuangji died, his inner core world was already collapsing.

But Wang Ying can feel it. There is someone hidden in Yang Shuangji's core world.

Then, Zhao Qingxian was pulled out completely.

Wang Ying grabbed Zhao Qingxian's neck. Zhao Qingxian was so frightened that he lost his mind: "Senior! Senior, don't kill me! I was coerced by him!"

"The son of the head of the Zhao family in the Divine Realm?" Wang Ying read out the origin of this person.

We also know the reason why Zhao Qingxian and Yang Shuangji are hanging out together.

Previously, Zhao Qingxian said: "He only has Liu Qingyi in his heart."

This sentence actually saved Zhao Qingxian's life.

I realized that Zhao Qingxian had no ill intentions towards Sun Rong himself.

So Wang Ying finally took Zhao Qingxian out of the core world and threw him on the ground.

"Thank you for not killing me, senior!" Zhao Qingxian quickly kowtowed and begged for mercy.

Yang Shuangji is such a strong person. He was tortured by Wang Ying so much that he had no room to resist... Such power made Zhao Qingxian have a clearer understanding of this trip to the earth!

"Can you let go?" At this time, Wang Ying frowned and asked.

Sun Ying'er still hugged him like a koala.

"Ah...I'm sorry!" Sun Ying'er quickly let go of his hand: "But please understand! I just...didn't mean to hug you!"

"I know."

"I didn't hug you just because I saw you angry and wanted to calm you down!"

"I know."

"It's all...it's all because your core world is too cold!"

"Yes." Wang Ying nodded.

Let the girl make these weak-sounding excuses.

"Speaking of which, how did you know that I was in danger?" Sun Ying'er was curious.

"You are too stupid. You are in danger at any time." Wang Ying replied looking at the girl.

"Who is stupid!"

"I have been observing for a long time. If it weren't for Miss Sun being in danger, I would never have taken action."

"..."

"It's not because the leader guessed that you were in trouble." Wang Ying said expressionlessly.

"You are not honest at all! Humph!" Sun Ying'er said.

"Same for you."

Wang Ying shrugged. He stared at Sun Ying'er: "Tonight, you still owe me 200 times."

"Why!!!"

"It's not good to protect Miss Sun. You still need me to take action. Fortunately, you are the Lord of the Void." Wang Ying smiled coldly.

"It's obviously you..."

Sun Ying'er listened to Wang Ying's words and wanted to go up and ravage Wang Ying's face. But she finally restrained her impulse.

She wanted to explain that it was Wang Ying who limited her abilities.

As a result, the words came to my lips, but I didn't dare to say them out.

She knew that once she said it, she would be fooled by Wang Ying!

The other party will definitely seize the opportunity and increase the number of punishments!

"Just 200 times! Just punish me!"

Sun Ying'er stamped her feet angrily.

Then he turned his attention to the inhuman Yang Shuangji: "What is going on with this person?"

"Your Majesty has already calculated the origin of this person, so I still have to ask you." Wang Ying said.

"Ask me? What does it matter to me!"

Sun Ying'er put her hands on her hips and showed an innocent expression.

"This person is not the sage of Buddhism." Wang Ying said.

"How is this possible..." Zhao Qingxian, who was still kneeling on the ground, looked shocked: "But he clearly told me personally that he is Master Jin Deng's junior brother!"

"Master Jin Deng's junior brother died a long time ago. How could a Buddhist disciple who was willing to die to save his own senior brother say these words that are insulting to Buddhism?" Wang Ying.

After he finished speaking, Sun Ying'er observed Yang Shuangji carefully. The expression on his face suddenly became extremely surprised.

"Have you noticed it?" Wang Ying asked.

Sun Ying'er stretched out his hand. A light seal appeared in his palm. It was the Great Seal of the Lord of the Void.

She stretched out her hand and covered Yang Shuangji's body.

I saw that this bloody body turned into particles of light in an instant and disappeared.

"This is...an imaginary creature?"

"Yes. This person is an imaginary creature in the void world. He is also our old friend." Wang Ying said.

As we all know, the thoughts of void creatures are all connected together.

They live in a void and rely on various imaginations to obtain spiritual satisfaction and happiness.

These things that are made up in the brain usually do not affect reality.

However, there is still a very small chance that these "imagined things" will be reflected in real life...

To put it bluntly.

If the obsession is deep enough.

Then you can use the power of the void to reimagine yourself.

"I know. Void creatures are now under strict control. Such a situation is impossible. But you need to know. Your void world has long been unclean." Wang Ying said.

"You mean, those human cultivators who evolved into void creatures?" Sun Ying'er was surprised.

"Only this reason can explain why a void creature has such a strong obsession."

Wang Ying said: "Jin Deng's junior brother is not named Yang Shuangji. However, this person packages himself as the sage of Buddhism and changes his name to Yang Shuangji. In fact, it is a hint to his true identity."

"You mean he is..."

"Yang. Symbolizes daytime and double auspiciousness. It is Zhe. It has the same pronunciation as zhe."

"This person is still alive?!" Sun Ying'er was shocked.

She inherited all the energy and information of the old Lord of the Void. Naturally, she also knew that there was such a number one person.

But this person is already dead!

All the Bai Zhes in the parallel world have been completely destroyed!

"I didn't expect that there are people with such strong obsessions in this world." At this point, Wang Ying couldn't help laughing.

Bai Zhe's obsession was incredible even to him.

He is obviously dead!

He actually used the last remaining thoughts he had left to use the identity of the deceased to forcefully reconstruct it in his own mind...

PS: The foreshadowing of this chapter can be found in {Chapter 1261: 1126Number 60 High School Demolition Night}





Chapter 1364: Memorial after death


The probability of the appearance of imaginary creatures in the void is very small. Generally speaking, there is no need to pay special attention to it, because the appearance of these imaginary creatures is just a "brain supplement" made by some void creatures with strong obsessions.

Although this kind of "imagination" will be reflected in reality, it is like a dream. It will disappear once you wake up.

It's like a "mirage" seen by many people.

But such a strong obsession is even Sun Ying'er's first time to see it.

In the old Void Lord records that she knew, there had never been an "imaginary creature" made up by the Void Spirit that could move in reality for more than thirty seconds.

And the duration of Bai Zhe was beyond imagination...

Such obsession is frightening.

"He should appear again in the future..." Sun Ying'er was very curious.

"Maybe." Wang Ying nodded and replied.

"I'm curious. What makes him have such a deep obsession." Sun Ying'er was puzzled.

"He is not the protagonist, but he pretends to be the protagonist. This is the saddest thing about Bai Zhe." Wang Ying said.

"Is it the obsession to become the protagonist?"

Sun Ying'er found it a bit ridiculous: "So. This is also the reason why he didn't recognize Wang Ling after he made up his mind?"

"He has been killed many times by his master. Since he appears in the form of a brain-filling, he naturally imagines himself as an invincible figure... After all, he has made himself into a protagonist. He will never imagine memories that are not good for him. So, in his sense of self, he is invincible."

"Last question! Why would he imagine himself as a dead person?"

Wang Ying replied: "There is also a basic law for brainstorming. The dead will not disturb the order. It would be interesting if he could act against nature that day and turn himself into the leader of the order through brainstorming. So, maybe he will do it again in the future. Use the identities of other deceased people to appear. We must be prepared. You must also protect Miss Sun at all times."

Obviously he doesn't have much role, but he forcibly pretends to be the "protagonist."

Every time, Bai Zhe thought he was invincible. However, he was killed repeatedly.

There is no doubt. This is a tragic figure.

"Yeah. I can!"

Sun Ying'er nodded: "But can you lift my restrictions..."

"No." Wang Ying rejected Sun Ying'er's request.

"Why!"

"No reason. Because I don't want to."

When Wang Ying said this, he took advantage of the situation and grabbed Sun Ying'er's hands, pressed them against a wall, and leaned his face towards her.

The distance was so close that Sun Ying'er could hear Wang Ying's breathing.

Sun Ying'er: "Pervert..."

Wang Ying sneered: "At night. 200 times. Don't forget."

After that, Wang Ying let go of Sun Ying'er and took Zhao Qingxian with him, turning into a black shadow and dissipating on the spot...

"That annoying guy...he works so hard every time..."

Sun Ying'er grunted in frustration and rubbed his painful wrist.

Just as I was about to return to Sun Rong, I suddenly heard a loud "boom" from behind!

Because Wang Ying just passed by.

The outer wall behind her actually collapsed!

This is the outer wall of the villa and manor. It is a thousand meters apart.

Now a wall collapsed, creating a domino effect. The thousand-meter wall began to collapse one after another...

Sun Ying'er was shocked inside.

After that, she understood a truth.

That is: Never let a man with a higher level than you touch you...

...

On the other side, in the Wang family's small villa, Zhao Qingxian was dragged here by Wang Ying.

Death penalty can be avoided, but living crime cannot be forgiven. Choosing to join Yang Shuangji's camp is already a big mistake.

If it weren't for his infatuation with Liu Qingyi, I'm afraid Zhao Qingxian wouldn't even have his ashes left.

"Zhenren, spare your life! I didn't join on purpose! I...I have admired Qingyi for a long time. But after I came to Earth, I was inexplicably taken into the detention center..." When Zhao Qingxian said this, his eyes were filled with tears. Tears are rolling.

He didn't know why this happened.

Zhao Qingxian knew very well that he couldn't hide anything at all, so he simply confessed everything.

The causes and consequences of everything. Wang Ling has been read in Zhao Qingxian's mind.

Overall, Zhao Qingxian is quite honest.

Moreover, Zhao Qingxian cannot be entirely blamed for being admitted to the detention center.

He was assigned by the head of the Zhao family to befriend him in the lower world. Unexpectedly, as soon as he came to the earth, he was beaten by Wang Zhen...

What an unlucky kid.

Then Wang Ling waved his hand and motioned to Wang Ying to take Zhao Qingxian to Wei Zhi's apartment and hand him over to Gu Shunzhi's supervision.

He asked Wang Ying to bring Zhao Qingxian to him.

I just want to know why Bai Zhe found Zhao Qingxian after he imagined himself as "Yang Shuangji."

He felt that Zhao Qingxian might have some key clues that could be used by Bai Zhe, so he was targeted by Bai Zhe.

But what exactly...

Wang Ling is still unclear at the moment.

Because Bai Zhe. didn't explain anything to Zhao Qingxian, he was beaten to death by Wang Ying.

And now Zhao Qingxian himself is in a state of confusion.

I don't understand at all. What happened.

"I will send you to a place to stay. The orderer will supervise you. You must be honest." At this time, Wang Ying stared at Zhao Qingxian and said.

"yes..."

"After you go back, wait until the effect of the soul-changing spell wears off, and then change your body back. Don't do anything else. All outings must be reported in advance."

"Understood!" Zhao Qingxian nodded.

"In addition, there is one more thing I want to tell you." Wang Ying touched his chin, thoughtfully.

He actually thought about whether to tell Zhao Qingxian the bad news for a long time. However, he felt that since the matter was settled, it would be better for Zhao Qingxian to accept it as soon as possible.

Wang Ying: "Miss Liu already has someone in mind. Although you are infatuated with Miss Liu, I advise you not to harass her. Otherwise, you will be dealt with miserably."

"The one she likes? Who is her one? I want to challenge him to a duel!" Zhao Qingxian was furious. He looked like he wanted to rush up and bite the person to death.

"Wang Zhen."

Wang Ying said: "Do you know him?"

When Zhao Qingxian heard this, he was shocked: "Aren't they not willing to deal with each other..."

"It smells so good now." Wang Ying said: "Emotional matters, you can't force them. They have a good relationship now. Whatever you do is in vain."

After Wang Ying finished speaking, Zhao Qingxian felt a sore nose and burst into tears on the spot. He took out his last belongings from the storage ring. He kowtowed to Wang Ling: "Zhenren! These three Tianyuan Guixin Pills are my last. It's a life-saving thing! Please help me! I can't survive without Qingyi!"

Wang Ling: "..."

On the other side, Wang Ying dragged Zhao Qingxian away who was crying sadly...

Oh.

It's not Crispy Noodles.

I'm sorry.





Chapter 1365 Sun Ying'er's new unique skill


Yang Shuangji's matter came to an end. Zhao Qingxian was also supervised by Gu Shunzhi.

But Wang Ling knows that this matter has actually just begun.

Bai Zhe's obsession is stronger than Wang Ling imagined.

Even though Wang Ling has killed all Bai Zhe in the parallel space.

He still retains a strong obsession.

Make up your own brain in various forms.

Then show up in this world.

Challenge yourself to a pointless challenge.

Time and time again, he was killed instantly. Time and again, he was able to recover miraculously.

In Wang Ling's view, Bai Zhe's life is legendary enough...

Yang Shuangji.

This is the first character and the first vest that Bai Zhe came up with.

It's a pity. Bai Zhe died too quickly.

No useful clues were left.

Judging from the current situation, the only useful information is Zhao Qingxian.

He was the first person Bai Zhe found after he recovered from brain damage.

This is Wang Ling currently unknown. What effect does Zhao Qingxian have on Bai Zhe.

Therefore, we can only ask Gu Shunzhi to help monitor and monitor.

After seeing off Zhao Qingxian, Wang Ling began to read the book {{Examination Essays}}.

After returning from the Jiulongshan National Competition, the essay Crispy Noodles wrote for him became very popular. "A Grain of Ash in Time" almost became a major label for Wang Ling at that time.

Therefore, Wang Ling was forced to participate in this essay competition by the Chinese teacher Guan Ziqian.

Before Sunday, he had to submit an essay and upload it to the national competition database through the online platform.

Teacher Guan is quite a good person. I have to give Wang Ling this face.

But I really don't know if I can get a ranking or not. Wang Ling...

Among all the score control items, the score of composition is actually the most difficult to control, because every marking teacher has a different perception of composition.

The same essay may receive completely different scores.

And if Wang Ling writes the essay by himself, he will adopt the minimum standard. Just get a passing score that does not miss the topic.

Then. Wang Ling opened the submission platform for the essay contest.

I carefully reviewed the theme of this composition: ["The feelings of youth are always poetry. When we sit up and talk to each other, we miss each other." In everyone's youth, there may be people who make them unforgettable. Please come up with your own topic. Talk about yourself now. Are you in love... PS: If you are single. Please use {Single} as the title directly. Talk about your views on singles.]

Wang Ling's mouth twitched: "..."

This is a great essay contest.

Why are you still cursing?

...

On the moon that night. Wang Ying waited for Sun Ying'er for a long time.

The agreed time is eight o'clock in the evening.

Wang Ying had nothing to do. He had been here as early as six o'clock.

Anyway, staying in Wang Ling's mental space is boring for Wang Ying. It's better to stay here and wait for the opportunity to "flirt" Sun Ying'er.

It's approaching eight o'clock. There are still about two or three minutes until the hour.

Sun Ying'er's figure appeared.

As usual, the girl is still dressed in a dark style.

She wore a dark burgundy lace dress with sparkling black diamonds on the hem. The dark dress set off Sun Ying'er's snow-white skin. The black girdle showed off her delicate figure. And out.

In the past two days, Sun Rong bought a lot of new clothes for Sun Ying'er.

However, Sun Ying'er is keen on dark-colored clothes. She wears only three colors: black, purple, and gray. The only brighter color may be the white lace on the skirt.

Wang Ying was overjoyed. He pulled the girl into his arms and said, "It looks like you are ready to be punished."

Sun Ying'er fell into Wang Ying's arms. She smiled sinisterly: "Wang Ying! You have been fooled!"

The girl in her arms let out a laugh of triumphant conspiracy. Then there was a bang. Her split body split again!

This is not Sun Ying'er's true form. It is a "matryoshka-like splitting trap!"

Sun Ying'er knew that his body would not be able to display any abilities around Wang Ying, so he was already prepared on Earth.

At this time, Sun Ying'er was hiding in a corner of the universe, secretly rejoicing in his victory.

She has actually been thinking about how to crack Wang Ying's {Planet thumping technique}.

And this time, she finally developed a new unique skill!

--"{Matryoshka Split Trap}"+"{Shadow Coffin Carrying Technique}!"

First, use the split body as bait to confuse the target.

Then when the distance is extremely close, the remaining 6 split bodies are quickly split!

A total of seven splinter bodies will imprison the target in an instant.

Starting from the head, limbs, waist and shoulders. The seven split bodies will firmly fix these parts from bottom to top. But lift it to your shoulders!

Immediately afterwards, the most critical step appeared!

Once placed on the shoulders of the seven splinters, the lifted target will be quickly cursed. Then an explosion will occur!

Just crush the bones and spread the ashes. You don't even need to buy a coffin!

Therefore, Sun Ying'er also called his newly developed unique skill {Shadow Coffin Carrying Technique}.

It only took a few seconds. A big explosion occurred on the surface of the moon.

Accompanied by a loud "boom!"

The seven split bodies died together with Wang Ying, leaving behind a huge crater thousands of feet wide.

Wang Ying's aura completely disappeared.

Sun Ying'er hid in the dark and observed.

She thought she might be happy after Wang Ying disappeared.

Because she finally broke free from the shackles of a pervert.

However, it turned out that Sun Ying'er was not as happy as he imagined.

On the contrary, a feeling of emptiness filled Sun Ying'er's heart.

"This idiot... is usually so smart! Why was he really killed..." The expression on Sun Ying'er's face was very complicated. She looked at the huge crater on the surface of the moon. She felt Wang Ying's disappearing breath. In her heart There was actually a sense of loss.

"Idiot Wang Ying! Pervert Wang Ying!" She stamped her feet and yelled in the dark. Tears were already rolling in her eyes.

At this moment, Wang Ying's voice suddenly sounded from behind her.

"Miss me?"

In the cosmic space, in the deep and boundless darkness, a hand condensed from the black shadow. It quickly materialized, and pinched the girl's soft earlobe.

"You...you're not dead?" Sun Ying'er held back her tears instantly.

"I've told you before. You are a stupid woman. You want to kill me with this little trick?" Wang Ying revealed his entire body. He appeared from behind. He clasped the girl's hand back and pressed it against a stone. On the meteorite.

The girl's hand was clasped in reverse. Wang Ying pressed her joints. The pain made her gasp: "Don't push forward...it hurts!"

Hearing this, Wang Ying loosened his grip a little and raised the corners of his lips slightly: "Do you know it hurts now?"

"Just wait. Sooner or later I will blow you up..."

"Tough talk."

Wang Ying smiled bitterly and shook his head: "Did you just call me a fool? It seems like you scolded me twice? Article 6: If you scold me once in the future, you will get 200 ball bangs."

"..."

"So. Today's punishment is 600 times in total."

"But you just stipulated it today!" Sun Ying'er was dissatisfied.

"I don't care."

Wang Ying whispered in Sun Ying'er's ear: "I just want to see you so angry and unable to kill me."

Sun Ying'er: "..."

That night, inspired by Sun Ying'er, Wang Ying also upgraded his {Planet thumping technique}.

Changed to {Multiple·Planet thumping technique}.

There are seven Wang Yings in total. Each person holds down a part of the girl.

Once again, the newly repaired planets in the extraterrestrial galaxy were smashed to pieces...

...

PS: Watch this chapter. The effect will be better when combined with the video {Black people carrying coffins}. You can search on Bilibili...





Chapter 1366 Sun Rong's trip to the demon world


Friday, December 4th.

The monk visited Sister Sun's villa again.

With the "Split Rule" and "Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube" provided by Sun Ying'er, the conditions required to make Aohai's Sword Spirit Space a "Super Sword Spirit Container" have been met.

Now upgrade Aohai. Only monk Jin Deng is required to operate. Basically there will be no big problems.

"Today I came to see Miss Sun. I want Miss Sun to accompany me to the demon world," the monk said.

"Going to the demon world?"

"After upgrading to a super sword spirit container, you need to identify the owner as soon as possible. If you choose it on the earth, it will be too noisy and may attract attention. If you place it in the demon world, it is actually just right." The monk said.

He actually thought about where to place the upgraded altar for a long time. In the end, he chose the demon world.

On the one hand, the second generation Demon Saint and the Demon Realm Saint Shen Wuyue are our own people and can provide certain help.

On the other hand, upgrading the super sword spirit container can once again trigger a chaotic catastrophe...

The earth has been upgraded. Naturally, the demon world cannot lag behind.

This is for the sake of checks and balances.

And the monk felt that this time helping the demon world complete the upgrade would also help improve their relationship with the demon world.

Mainly the bond with the Office of Strategic Deception will become deeper.

Sun Rong actually knows very little about the demon world. The only thing we know is that Er Ha is from the demon world.

So. Sun Rong thought about it like this. The expression on his face became surprised again: "This Heavenly Dao is owned by classmate Wang Ling...could it be the same in the demon world?"

"..."

The monk was no longer surprised by the girl's ancestral strange brain power. "It wasn't Ling Zhenren who opened it. But I guess the second-generation demon saint would be happy to step down and give way to someone new."

"Classmate Wang Ling becomes a demon saint in the demon world?" Sun Rong asked.

"Ling Zhenren doesn't have time to worry about so many things." The monk smiled: "Benefactor Ha. He is a ready-made demon saint."

"Er Ha..."Sun Rong nodded thoughtfully.

Speaking of which, she hasn't seen Er Ha in a while.

"The earth was upgraded a while ago. Benefactor Ha accidentally swallowed the spirit of a mythical beast. It is currently practicing in seclusion in the demon world. Ling Zhenren secretly provided help. The speed at which it swallows the spirit of mythical beasts has been greatly improved. It will be completed in the near future."

The monk said: "Miss Sun is going with the poor monk this time. You can learn about the scenery of the demon world. By the way, you can also visit Benefactor Ha."

"Okay. I listen to my seniors." Sun Rong nodded.

The monk is very powerful. She believes that there will be no problem with her safety.

Plus, Ying'er is always with her.

If you encounter a situation that you can't beat...Wang Ying will also come.

Although in terms of personality, Wang Ying and Wang Ling are very different.

But as a shadow, Wang Ying has very well inherited one of the characteristics of Wang Ling - peeking at the screen.

Maybe there is something wrong in what I said.

But Sun Rong feels that there shouldn't be much problem with his analysis...

"Senior Jin Deng. How long will we have to go?" Sun Rong asked before leaving.

"Soon. You can come back the same day you go." The monk replied.

Making a super sword spirit container is not difficult for him.

Moreover, he had notified the demon world in advance about upgrading the altar, so that the second-generation demon saint and Shen Wuyue would be fully prepared.

"Miss Sun, please come with me."

The monk performed a Buddhist ritual. Then he took out a purple gold alms bowl from his "Sleeve Qiankun" and placed it on the ground.

Then, he took the first step and stepped on the mouth of the alms bowl. His whole body was sucked in instantly.

This is a map transmission tool commonly used by monks.

Sun Rong was a little nervous. She had never seen what the demon world was like. However, curiosity still drove the girl to take this step.

...

The Buddha's light transmitted by the purple gold alms bowl is very gentle.

There wasn't much discomfort.

When I landed, Sun Rong felt like a leaf floating on the water. I was gently transported to the demon world.

This is a pretty retro tribal world.

The girl stands on a high place.

Looking ahead, there is not a particularly modern building in the vast area. Every place is full of ancient simplicity.

The architectural style of the demon world is completely different from that of the human world. It feels like you are visiting ancient ruins.

"Miss Sun, where we are now is the center of the demon world, above the sacred pillar. That is, where the demon saint is." The monk said lightly.

He glanced at the magnificent retro palace behind him: "That's where the Demon Saint lives."

At this time, Sun Ying'er chuckled: "Rongrong, do you know? Not everyone is qualified to come to this sacred pillar of the demon world. Even the eight demon gods are not qualified to set foot on the top of the sacred pillar without instructions."

Sun Ying'er's words are not exaggerated.

On top of the sacred pillar.

This is a realm that symbolizes the supreme power of the demon clan and the supreme majesty of the demon saint.

Even demons and gods are not qualified to come here. But Sun Rong is here.

Sun Ying'er found it funny: "Hey! The first time Rongrong came to the demon world, he went to the top of this sacred pillar. I don't know whether to say that Rongrong is indeed the strongest Foundation Building on the earth! Or she is the daughter of a certain order..."

The woman didn't say a word. Sun Rong blushed and scolded Sun Ying'er: "What did Ying'er say? Stop talking nonsense..."

Sun Ying'er stuck out her tongue slightly and then shut up obediently.

They waited outside the temple for about a minute. The second-generation Demon Saint and the Holy Envoy Shen Wuyue hurriedly walked out of the palace to greet them.

"Senior Jin Deng and Miss Sun have been waiting for a long time." Shen Wuyue took the lead in saying hello, bowing and apologizing.

He looked at Sun Rong: "I have heard about Miss Sun for a long time. I can see her today. She is indeed extraordinary."

"Senior, thank you..." This politeness made the girl feel a little embarrassed.

"We are all our own people here. Girls Sun Rong don't need to be nervous. Coming here is like returning to your own home."

Shen Wuyue smiled: "Miss Sun, are you interested in drinking deer blood soup? It can beautify your skin and prolong your life. This is a great tonic."

Sun RongDoubt: "Deer blood soup?"

"That's it." Shen Wuyue said as he pulled off his antlers.

Chi! A sound!

Blood instantly spurted out from the fracture like a fountain.

"Thank you... no... no need..." Sun Rong was frightened.

"Then please invite Mr. Demon Saint and Miss Sun to come into the palace for a chat." At this time, the second-generation Demon Saint next to him also spoke.

"Demon Saint?"Sun Rong was suddenly surprised.

The second-generation demon saint realized that he had let slip his words. The expression on his face also looked slightly embarrassed.

At this moment, the monk smiled slightly: "To be honest with what Miss Sun said, this poor monk actually served as a demon saint in one of his reincarnations. But that was a long time ago. There was no ranking of demon saints at that time. So, The poor monk is the original demon saint."

"Senior's experience is really rich..." Sun Rong was shocked and speechless.

She understood Shen Wuyue's words instantly.

No wonder it is said that coming here is like returning to your own home.

Sun Rong I thought it was Shen Wuyue {Jin Ping Mei} (a TV series about a large-scale battery theft) that I had watched too much.

But I didn't expect that Jin Deng would have such an experience...





Chapter 1367 Aohai's upgrade path


The monk's rich life experience is amazing.

He has been an emperor, a beggar, a demon saint, and even played various female roles...

Sun Rong was shocked by this. She felt that maybe the monk had experienced all the professions in the world.

Nearly 4,000 reincarnation experiences. I can play with flowers!

I can only say that Jin Deng-senpai is worthy of being Jin Deng-senpai... he is worthy of being a representative figure that has been around for a long time!

The second generation Demon Saint and Shen Wuyue led the way. Sun Rong followed closely behind them.

She walked slowly on the soft red carpet of Demon Saint Palace. Halfway there, a question suddenly arose in her heart: "Senior Jin Deng, I have a question..."

"Miss Sun, it doesn't hurt to have more." The monk smiled politely.

"Since Senior Jin Deng has experienced so many professions, he has never thought about becoming a monk?" Sun Rong asked.

"The journey of reincarnation is a very miraculous path. No matter how reincarnated, the poor monk's final destiny is to become a monk. This is inevitable. It is through the experience of experiencing new professions countless times and finally becoming a monk that the poor monk realizes life, The Buddhist truth suddenly realized..."

The monk smiled and said. There was a profound meaning in his words: "Maybe if I say this, Miss Sun will feel pale and powerless. But if Miss Sun has the opportunity to experience reincarnation, she may be able to understand it."

These words made Sun Rong think.

After chewing carefully, the girl raised her head again. The look in her eyes was more serious than ever before: "Senior, can you speak more clearly?"

The monk squinted his eyes slightly. His brain was translating the theories he had filled with scriptures. He tried his best to explain his theories in a vernacular that was easy for ordinary people to understand.

This process is actually not long.

A few seconds later, Sun Rong heard Jin Deng say again: "Perhaps in this world, except for Ling Zhenren who cannot see his own destiny, everyone's destiny is destined and they can change their destiny. That would be going against nature."

"You see... a poor monk has been reincarnated for thousands of lives. He can't escape his fate as a monk."

"It's like that groundhog. No matter how hard he struggles, he can't escape his fate of being like a groundhog."

"It's like Bai Zhe. No matter how many times he is resurrected or what new posture he adopts, he will still be destroyed by Ling Zhenren."

"It's like Ku Xuan. No matter how much it is updated, it can't escape its short fate."

"People can enter reincarnation, but they cannot escape their ultimate fate."

"A person's persistence in love can also transcend reincarnation. Although the time is very long...but if you endure it, there will always be an end."

Having said this, the monk glanced at Sun Rong.

He felt that what he hinted at was already obvious.

But the girl's expression didn't seem to change much.

On the contrary, Sun Ying'er suddenly screamed in surprise. She was almost crying. The second-generation demon saint and Shen Wuyue who were leading the way turned around in shock.

Sun Ying'er: "Monk! Are you lying?"

The monk was puzzled: "I'm a poor monk. How can you deceive me?"

Sun Ying'er cried even more sadly: "Uuuuu!You said you can't escape the fate of reincarnation. Does that mean that I will have to be banged by that perverted ball of Wang Ying in my next life! I am so miserable!"

Everyone: "..."

...

There is a profound meaning in the monk's words. With the girl's intelligence, she can naturally feel it.

When she saw how Sun Ying'er was moaning and complaining, she felt a little envious in her heart.

Wang Ying's initiative is far beyond Wang Ling's reach...

Sun Rong Remembered that her master Liu Qingyi complained to her before. People named Wang are all idiots.

As a result, not long after he said these words, Wang Zhen showed his hand.

And now, according to the situation of Wang Ying and Sun Ying'er, their shadows are almost together again. But there is no movement at all from them!

Classmate Wang Ling. He is indeed a fighter among trees!

"Original Demon Saint. The upgraded altar is just ahead."

Unknowingly, Sun Rong found that he had been led into the inner palace of the Demon Saint Palace.

The upgraded altar is arranged here. It is surrounded by twelve simple stone pillars forming a circle. Above it is an umbrella-shaped spire. It looks a bit like a pavilion from a distance. But it is full of mysterious simplicity and ritual feeling.

Beside the altar, the second-generation Demon Saint and Shen Wuyue set up an additional demon world upgrade guidance device.

I plan to take advantage of the opportunity to upgrade the sword spirit. By the way, it will also benefit the demon world.

"This upgraded array is supported by twelve ancient sword king pillars. It was all arranged by the original Demon Saint. Underground is the upgraded array. I have carefully proofread all the array patterns. They are foolproof. As for the top, ..." At this time, Shen Wuyue looked above the altar.

The girl next to her followed Shen Wuyue's gaze.

She saw a crescent-shaped blade that glowed blue hanging from the top of the spire. The blade was engraved with ancient characters. It was very grand and complicated.

"At this time, the Soul-Severing Blade must be supported by twelve ancient Sword King pillars at the same time before it can be set up."

Shen Wuyue explained: "To become a powerful sword spirit, you must break and then stand up. Miss Sun's Aohai can become a super sword spirit after this cut, greatly expanding its own sword spirit space. Finally, through splitting Formula. The ability to achieve infinite sword spirit." He explained. At the same time, he was also amazed at the monk's generosity and Sun Rong's blessing.

This girl's appearance is too big...

He actually allowed the monk to take out all the treasures he had packed at the bottom of the box and use them.

During the upgrade process, the twelve ancient sword king pillars will burst out with powerful energy, attracting the infusion of the power of chaos in the universe, thus causing the Soul-Severing Blade to fall.

Because the power of chaos is too strong, the ancient sword king pillar will collapse the moment it falls! And the soul-slaying blade will also directly collapse after completing its final mission of cutting down...

This upgraded altar. Everything is disposable!

It will be destroyed after upgrading!

But each of the components was collected by the monk using his nearly 4,000 reincarnation experiences and painstaking efforts.

Just these twelve ancient sword king pillars and this soul-cutting blade are not priceless treasures that can be measured by money by cultivators in this world.

They come from the same place as Jingke...a place called: Sword King Realm.

Shen Wuyue had only heard about it from rumors.

That place is a hell from which there is no return.

Anything that comes close will be shattered in an instant.

"The altar is well decorated."

After checking the structure of the altar, the monk nodded with satisfaction: "Now, the last step is left."

Then, he took out the "Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube" from the universe in his sleeves.

Once this thing comes out, there will be no sound in the world! The second generation of demon saints. Parents raised them in vain!

He and Shen Wuyue were both frightened.

I didn't expect that the monk even had such a sacred object!

"Original Demon Saint... Could this be..."

"Yes. Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube." The monk nodded.

"Sir, can you even get your hands on this?"

"It's not mine. I don't have the ability." The monk smiled and said, "This is what Ling Zhenren gave me. It is used to complete this upgrade."

"It turns out to be a token of love!" Shen Wuyue suddenly realized.

The Demon Saint echoed: "Damn it! The Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube should be used as a token of love! It is indeed Ling Zhenren! This thing is worth trillions of times more than a diamond ring! It's so happy to be Ling Zhenren's girlfriend. If it were me... I Just get married!"

"..."

Sun Rong The steam came out of his ears again.





Chapter 1368 The Strongest Foundation Building


The Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube is a "space stabilizing auxiliary magic weapon" developed by Dao Ancestor Wang. Its precious value is self-evident.

Rumor has it that Dao Ancestor Wang has made a total of nine Rubik's cubes.

However, in his 4,000 reincarnation experiences, the monk really encountered the Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube. He only saw it after clearing the unspeakable place this time.

At this point, Monk Jin Deng actually had an inference in his mind.

Those are the remaining eight Rubik's Cubes. It is very likely that they were used by Dao Ancestor Wang in other places to stabilize the space.

Dao Ancestor is so powerful. He definitely has more than one core world.

Even many of the Dao Gods in God's Domain are "dual-core" Dao Gods.

The two members of the Wang family and the Gu family have even reached the level of three to four cores.

In the case of Dao Ancestor, the core world that can be created will definitely increase by another order of magnitude.

Use the Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube to externalize the core world. This method was probably only possible by Dao Ancestor Wang himself before Wang Ling was born.

Now. The Unspeakable Land is destroyed.

In other words, Dao Ancestor Wang's external core world like "The Unspeakable Land." There are 8 more.

If you add the main body, maybe there are already dozens of them?

The core world represents the limit of spiritual energy that a cultivator can contain. The more cores there are, the stronger the spiritual energy will naturally be.

And the core world of Wang Ling...

The monk speculated. Perhaps greater than or equal to Dao Ancestor Wang?

But even if it is larger than that, the monk feels that the quantity will not be too different.

What he estimated was Dao Ancestor Wang's "previous level."

In this long history, although monsters like Wang Ling were born, Dao Ancestor Wang himself also continued to grow up in reincarnation.

Although Monk Jin Deng does not know where Dao Ancestor Wang is.

However, according to the comprehensive inference of Dao Ancestor's growth value, I am afraid that Dao Ancestor Wang currently has no less than a hundred core worlds in his body.

"Let's get started."

All preparations for upgrading Aohai were ready. The monk began to instruct the second-generation demon saint and Shen Wuyue to start upgrading the altar.

Just for a moment. The whole altar began to tremble.

A beam of light reaches the sky and flies through the floating clouds. The sky of the entire demon world instantly turns dark purple, exuding a powerful oppressive force.

"Has the Demon Saint started it? The Demon Realm is really going to be upgraded!"

The demon world was in a commotion at this moment. All the demon clans were looking at the sky eagerly.

A strange light suddenly appeared above the Holy Pillar of the Demon Realm with a "buzzing" sound. Then the terrifying power of chaos was like a spear. It suddenly pierced the altar!

Huge energy poured out from the sky. The clouds were steaming and the clouds were glowing. It fell like a waterfall from the top of the sky. The demon clan had never seen such a scene before. They were all amazed.

Suddenly, with the Holy Pillar of the Demon Realm as the center, the entire Demon Realm was shaken. The energy of the power of chaos impacted the altar. At the same time, it began to be diverted under the guidance device arranged by the monk in advance.

Violent fluctuations came from the top of the holy pillar, and then expanded to the 108 areas of the demon world. Like a mountain torrent, a huge roar broke out.

At the same time, countless illusions were falling in the void.

Everyone was shocked.

This is the illusion produced when the power of chaos impacts. It is frightening and full of lethality!

Compared with the upgrade path on earth, the upgrade in the demon world seems to be more bumpy than the upgrade on earth.

"Rongrong, let's go!"

Upon seeing this, Sun Ying'er pulled Sun Rong away and quickly retreated.

"What is this?" Sun Rong asked.

Sun Ying'er: "It is an illusion of chaos. When using the power of chaos to upgrade the world, there is a certain probability that it will occur!"

She reacted quickly. She dragged Sun Rong away almost immediately to avoid being directly hit by the core.

Although Sun Rong's physical body has been enlightened, Sun Ying'er still feels that this would be safer.

She must make sure Sun Rong is foolproof.

Oh!

Otherwise, Wang Ying, a big pervert, would use her excuses again!

Monk Jin Deng stands in the center of the chaotic storm.

He began to bring the second-generation Demon Saint and Shen Wuyue into his core world.

The moment he completed the action, his whole person was instantly enveloped in the illusion of chaos.

Under the impact of the powerful illusion of chaos, from the perspective of others, the monk's body began to become distorted, as if it had been drawn into some vortex.

However, soon, this distorted power was forcibly corrected under the monk's powerful Buddha light.

A huge "卍" character burst out from the monk's pupils!

In a short period of time, Buddha's light intertwined. The powerful magic power of Buddhism's holiest surged out of the monk's body at this moment!

"Senior Jin Deng is so powerful!" Even under the protection of Sun Ying'er. Sun Rong can still feel the huge pressure brought by the illusion of chaos.

But Monk Jin Deng stands alone in the center, defeating everyone. He is so brave!

"Boom!"

The huge "卍" character keeps enlarging. It attacks the illusion of chaos. It crushes the alien beasts generated by the illusion!

Everything is dazzling to see Sun Rong. Monk Jin Deng is extraordinary. He is indeed handsome.

However, she also weakly expressed her opinion: "If it were classmate Wang Ling..."

The words were on his lips. Sun Rong could not continue because he felt that these remarks might be a little inappropriate.

As a result, Sun Ying'er beside her poured out all her unsaid words: "That's for sure! Ling Zhenren might be able to break this illusion of chaos just by blowing his breath. There is a saying. A monk can be handsome again. But there are indeed some All bells and whistles."

Sun Ying'er didn't actually say this loudly, but when the monk who was resisting the impact heard it, he was unsteady and almost spit out a mouthful of blood...

About dozens of seconds passed. The illusion of chaos was torn apart by the monk.

At the same time, the Chaos Impact also ended.

The vision in heaven disappeared.

The twelve ancient sword king pillars absorbed enough chaotic energy and burst out with light in an instant! After dispersing the power of chaos accumulated in the pillars, they quickly turned into powder and disintegrated on the spot.

At the same time, the energy of the twelve pillars was also injected into the top, eventually causing the Soul-Severing Blade to fall.

The blue lotus bursts out!

Chi!

The Soul-Slaying Blade was extremely sharp. The blade cut through Aohai's body, splitting it in half.

The monk seized the opportunity and inserted the Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube into the divided crack.

Then he used his palm power to reunite Aohai, who had been separated by the Soul-Slaying Blade.

This action took the monk a lot of effort. In the process of merging Aohai, he obviously consumed a huge amount of spiritual energy. It seemed to be more difficult than resisting the illusion of chaos.

The main reason is this Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube. It is also the first time that the monk has manipulated it. He is not too familiar with it.

On the other hand, it is also due to the monk's caution.

Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube. This is the only one I have now. If the fusion fails... it will be a waste! Even the monk himself cannot forgive himself!

Fortunately, the whole process went smoothly.

"Merge!" After a few minutes, the monks shouted loudly together. The separated Aohai was successfully re-merged!

Sun Rong was surprised to find that Aohai's image also changed.

Compared to the original Aohai, the current Aohai's appearance seems to be about ten years older than before. He has become more mature and charming.

She was wearing a gorgeous dark blue evening dress. Her turquoise eyes were like shining sapphires under the deep sea. Her silver-gray hair hung down, with beautiful curls like waves at the end.

"After integrating the power of the Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube, it is really extraordinary." After the second-generation demon saint was released from the core world by the monk, he couldn't help but admired: "Now the sword spirit space of Miss Sun's Aohai sword. The core world is so vast...and... it also incorporates Miss Ying'er's disaggregated laws!"

"Too strong..." Shen Wuyue also sighed.

A Foundation Building period actually has a core world...

This is simply outrageous!

"But why does Miss Sun not seem so happy?" asked the second generation Demon Saint.

"Because Aohai has grown up." Sun Ying'er said bluntly.

She stared at Aohai's grown breasts. She shrugged and sighed: "It would be great if Rongrong were as big as that!"

Everyone: "..."

Sun Ying'er: "Rongrong is older, so am I. I actually don't care about this anymore. It's better to have a small one. It's better to have a big one. Bigger. When Wang Ying's ball hits me, I will It can be used to absorb shock."

Everyone: "..."

Sun Ying'er: "When the time comes, it will be like wearing two air-cushion shoes on my chest. How great!

"Ying'er. What nonsense are you talking about..."

( ˘︹˘ )

Sun Rong was embarrassed and annoyed.

She wanted to sew Sun Ying'er's mouth shut...





Chapter 1369 Holy Land of Cultivation·Mountain of Retrospection


Friday, December 4th.

Definitely a day worth remembering.

There is one more Foundation Building Stager in this world whose combat power is comparable to the peak level of Dao Supreme.

If you take away the label of being a wealthy daughter.

This is just an ordinary ordinary girl.

She is such an ordinary Foundation Building student.

In today's era of Foundation Building, there are so many cultivators.

In fact, such a state cannot gain a foothold in the world of cultivation.

Until, that is, the young girl drew her own 999,999,999,999 ranked spirit sword...

Sun Rong holds Aohai's sword hilt. Feeling the powerful sword energy released from the upgraded Aohai.

Aohai is indeed amazingly strong now.

This has not yet been unsheathed. Even if the sword energy before the upgrade reaches its peak state, it is just a drop in the ocean compared to what it is now.

"Senior. Can I try the sword?" Sun Rong asked.

Shen Wuyue was shocked: "Miss Sun, please don't try it here...if you strike with your sword, the holy pillar may collapse."

Sun Rong covered her mouth slightly. Surprised: "Is it really that powerful?"

"That's not true..." Shen Wuyue wiped his sweat.

Now Aohai. If this sword goes down, everyone under Dao Supreme will have to be on leash...

The power of nature is unparalleled.

"After Miss Sun's Aohai has been upgraded this time, it is already unparalleled. It can definitely be ranked in the top ten on the universe sword spirit list," the monk said.

"I remember my classmate Wang Ling had a mahogany sword..."

"You mean Master Jingke? Master Jingke must be number one. No one can surpass him. Moreover, Master Jingke has an upgraded form. After transforming into Master Jingbai, he is even more unmatched."

The monk said: "And the second-ranked sword is [prelude]."

"I know this. It's Zhuo Yi's senior spirit sword! But [pre] seems a little sluggish now." Sun Rong said.

"The poor monk has also heard about this."

The monk nodded and said: "But as far as the poor monk knows, [pre] seems to have no scabbard... If you want to help him get back on his feet, I think we can match up with Miss Aohai."

"I don't think so."

Sun Rong didn't answer yet. Sun Ying'er shook his head directly.

The monk smiled: "Miss Ying'er thinks there is something wrong."

Sun Ying Er: "My Rongrong is still single, this sword spirit to do so first how can it be!"

The monk smiled but remained silent.

It is said that the spiritual sword resembles the form of its master...

If Aohai becomes successful, maybe the master will be able to speed up.

So he felt.

Not necessarily.

However, bringing "Yu" and "Aohai" together was just a joke made by the monk himself.

That's all he said. He didn't continue the topic.

And in fact.

Even the monk himself didn't expect this.

Aohai. Seems serious...

...

On the other side. In the mountain of retrospect in the demon world.

Er Ha is practicing retreat here.

This is a secret realm in the demon world specially opened up by Wang Ling for Er Ha.

Of course, after this secret realm was opened, Er Ha was not the only one who benefited.

Afterwards, all core members of the Office of Strategic Deception who need to retreat to Tribulation Transcendence can come here.

In this secret realm, the flow of time will speed up, which will greatly shorten the training time.

It swallowed the essence of a divine beast's young and digested it according to the normal time. It would take hundreds of years at least.

But now. 3 days is enough.

And it hasn't been completely digested yet. The signs of promotion have already appeared.

This is a good thing for Er Ha.

Its purpose is only to promote the divine beast. As long as this purpose is achieved, it is enough.

As for the remaining spirit of the mythical beast, it can be left to Xiao Yin.

Strictly speaking, Xiao Yin is his "junior brother." As a senior brother, he should take care of his junior brother.

At that moment, over the Mountain of Retrospection, the thunderbolts are roaring.

The power of chaos surged above it, making Er Ha feel a bit dangerous.

He didn't know if it is because the demon world has completed its upgrade at the same time. It feels that the sea of thunder and calamity above its head seems to be particularly manic.

The Tribulation Transcendence standard for divine beasts is that they need to withstand at least 2% of the thunder tribulation mixed with the power of chaos.

But now, the concentration of chaotic power in the Sea of Thunder Tribulation in the sky seems to Er Ha to have seriously exceeded the standard!

"What on earth is going on..." Er Ha looked confused.

If this lightning disaster were to strike down, it felt that it might not be able to survive relying solely on its own strength!

The situation. Something is very wrong!

Because in the next breath, Er Ha felt that the concentration of the power of chaos was so huge that it was difficult to even breathe!

The concentration has now exceeded 30%!

Er Ha feels like she can't bear it anymore!

This is the promised 2%!

Was it scammed?

At the same time, in response to the sudden abnormal increase in the concentration of chaos power in the Mountain of Retrospection, the Office of Strategic Deception's Cellar Monitoring and Command Center also quickly carried out emergency notification work.

"Mountain of Backtracking! The concentration of Chaos Power is abnormal! The Er Ha Brotherhood is in danger!" Command Center. Keorn nervously carried out the briefing work.

After the SBP Foundation was disbanded, he officially joined the Office of Strategic Deception. He was also the first foreigner to join the Office of Strategic Deception.

Why does this happen?

After receiving the news, Lord Diulei frowned. He asked the core group of the Office of Strategic Deception: "There seems to be something wrong with this situation... Does anyone know what the situation is?"

Zhuo Yi: "Senior Jin Deng said before that the concentration of thunder and chaos power of the promoted divine beast is only 2%. Even if a mutation occurs, the error will not exceed 5%. This concentration is very abnormal! If it is chopped down. I'm afraid even this secret realm that Master casually arranged will be destroyed."

Jin Deng: "Don't panic, everyone. I'm in the demon world. I originally accompanied the Sun Rong girl to upgrade Aohai. I didn't expect that it would happen just in time for such a thing. I'm going to take a look."

What is the specific situation now? Even the monks are not sure until they see it with their own eyes.

But he actually already had some guesses in his mind.

Sun Rong: "Senior Jin Deng. What is going on? Is Er Ha in danger?"

Jin Deng said: "Miss Sun, don't worry. There will be no problem with the poor monk here. You and Miss Ying'er will stay outside the secret realm later. Don't go in."

In fact, when Jin Deng said this, he himself felt a little weak.

Now the concentration of chaos power in Thunder Tribulation has exceeded 30%. And it is still on the rise...

Given his level, holding on to 50% is already the limit.

If this continues to rise.

Jin Deng felt that maybe even he would be chopped into ashes.

When he successfully arrived at the secret realm of the Mountain of Recall, the monk felt that the situation seemed to be more serious than he imagined.

There were actually cracks at the entrance to the secret realm...

"It must be stopped as soon as possible!" The monk frowned.

Otherwise, when the secret realm is broken, a high concentration of chaotic power will flow out. Even the upgraded demon world will fall apart in an instant!

Thinking of this, Monk Jin Deng stepped into the entrance of the secret realm regardless of his safety.

As soon as he entered, the monk immediately felt his knees sink suddenly.

The pressure brought by this high concentration of chaos power almost made him kneel!

He came back to his senses and looked at Er Ha.

I found that Er Ha's entire dog had been embedded in the ground. It was almost flattened into a piece of dog meat...

"Original Demon Saint. How is the situation?"

The second generation Demon Saint is also very concerned about the situation inside.

As a result, the person just walked in with his front feet.

His back foot made a "pop" sound and he fell to his knees on the spot.

Shen Wuyue followed the second-generation Demon Saint. As soon as he entered, he knelt down next to the second-generation Demon Saint with another "pop" sound.

It's hard to imagine. A demon saint and a holy messenger. The two of them were kneeling neatly...

The corners of the monk's mouth twitched. What was he doing?

Happy Chinese New Year to Big Brother and Sister-in-law?

But it's not the New Year's Eve yet...

(I have had severe insomnia these past two days. I adjusted my schedule as quickly as possible... The update time is not stable. Please forgive me.)





Chapter 1370 Sun Rong tests the sword!


A phenomenon in which the concentration of the power of chaos soared appeared in the Mountain of Recall. This is indeed a big deal.

The demon star where the demon world is located is hidden. However, the distance from the earth is actually not too far.

Once the power of chaos cannot be suppressed, it rushes out from the secret realm and causes the demon star to explode.

With the blessing of the power of chaos, the explosive power of the demon star will penetrate the entire galaxy.

At this time. Wang Ling is also reflecting.

If he hadn't planned to save trouble and then set up a secret cultivation realm, even if the concentration of the power of chaos reached 100%, it would be impossible to blow up his secret realm.

But now, regretting is of no use.

The key is.

Find out the reason for the abnormal surge in the concentration of the power of Chaos. And save the situation.

Regarding the phenomenon of abnormal surge. Wang Ling actually has a rough inference.

That is the Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube originally created by Dao Ancestor Wang. Its purpose is not just as an external stabilizer for the core world...

It should also play a role in checking and balancing the density of the universe.

Now. The Unspeakable Land has been disintegrated. One of the Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cubes is fused with Aohai.

In the absence of checks and balances, I am afraid that this phenomenon of abnormal power of chaos will occur again in the future...

First of all. Apart from the option of "returning the Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube", there is actually another option before Wang Ling.

That is to create a new "Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube" and replace it.

But if one of them is replaced, then the remaining eight Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cubes will also have to be replaced.

No way.

The Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube he created is too powerful.

Possibly far more powerful than the original version created by Dao Ancestor Wang.

If only one was created to replace the current loophole, there would still be no way to truly act as a check and balance.

"Create a Rubik's Cube?"

Beside the pillow. Jingke shook slightly and then transformed into a human form.

He is also thinking about the problem that Wang Ling is thinking about.

For Wang Ling, it is not difficult to create a new Rubik's Cube. It only requires materials and a certain amount of time.

However, the current situation is actually far more complicated than everyone imagines.

For a person like Dao Ancestor Wang who is meticulous in his work, it is impossible to imagine how terrible it would be if the Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube failed to form a restriction, causing an abnormal imbalance in the concentration of the power of chaos in the universe.

Therefore. Wang Ling suspects that the remaining eight Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cubes may adopt a "revenge mechanism" at any time.

Get the one that is combined with Aohai back.

But what exactly the form of revenge will be is not yet known.

"I need to trouble Bai Qiao to go there."

In front of the desk. Wang Ling holds his chin, carefully thinking about countermeasures.

The top priority right now is to solve the abnormal concentration of chaos power in the secret area and help Er Ha successfully complete the upgrade of Tribulation Transcendence.

"Can't I go?" Jingke asked.

"Aohai has no sheath spirit." Wang Ling replied.

Although the words were concise and concise, Jingke finally understood.

Because Aohai does not have a sheath spirit.

Even if he went there in person, he still wouldn't be able to complete the integration.

But if Bai Qiao goes there, the situation will be completely different.

this decision.

In fact, I am also helping Sun Rong try out the sword.

...

Internet cafe inside the Office of Strategic Deception. Bai Qiao put down his headphones.

Being interrupted while playing the game made Bai Qiao, a veteran otaku, a little uncomfortable.

She scratched her hair and said, "It's so annoying. You can't let people play games anymore!"

However, Wang Ling's face. It's impossible for her not to give it.

Therefore, Bai Qiao was quickly pushed to the front line under Lord Ma's teleportation light.

It's just approaching the entrance to the secret realm of "Mountain of Recall."

The powerful power of chaos inside has seeped out. Bai Qiao's dull hair danced backwards like a piece of seaweed that was enduring a strong storm. It was swaying in the wind...

"Who are you?" Sun Rong asked as he faced the girl who suddenly appeared in front of him.

She saw Bai Qiao wearing a fire-breathing dragon one-piece pajamas. There was also a bright red earphone hanging around his neck. The house was full of cuteness.

"I am your Lord's woman." Bai Qiao replied.

The dull hair on the top of her head was under her control. It seemed to be turning consciously.

She saw Sun Rong's face darken. She knew that her joke seemed to be too big. She quickly changed her words: "Okay. I am his scabbard. The Lord asked me to help."

The next second. Sun Rong's expression immediately returned to normal: "So you are Miss Bai Qiao!"

The speed of this change made Bai Qiao feel a little caught off guard.

"You are also White Hair. Is this author a white hair person?" Sun Ying'er actually knew Bai Qiao's identity. But this was her first meeting with Bai Qiao. After seeing Bai Qiao's appearance, she felt Still a little surprised.

" The milk-riding loli lover and the Ku Xuan white-haired lover are both authors from the state of Wenzhou, and they are a perfect match."

Bai Qiao shrugged indifferently. He was as venomous as ever: "Let's leave the small talk later. It's better to resolve the matter at hand first. Miss Sun, please come in with me."

"But Senior Jin Deng said it's very dangerous inside..."

"Don't worry. I'm here and you won't hurt Miss Sun." Bai Qiao said confidently.

She added another protective golden light to Sun Rong. Then she stepped into the secret realm.

then.

There was a "pop" sound.

Kneeling next to Shen Wuyue.

Shen Wuyue: "..."

Second Generation Demon Saint: "..."

Er Ha: "..."

Monk Jin Deng-_-: "Miss Bai Qiao. It's not the Chinese New Year yet. There's no need to give this big gift..."

"I didn't expect the concentration of chaos inside to be so high..." The expression on Bai Qiao's face looked a little embarrassed. On the contrary, Sun Rong who was following her was fine at all.

The illuminated body is coupled with the protective golden light she personally arranged and Aohai's own sword energy protective body. This allows Sun Rong to move freely even under such a strong concentration of chaos power.

Apart from feeling a slight sense of hypoxia, there was no other discomfort.

Bai Qiao patted the dust on his pajamas. He stood up from the ground and asked, "How is the situation now?"

Jin Deng frowned: "It's not optimistic. I have already slapped the sky. I want to disintegrate this power of chaos. However, with the power of my palm, I cannot eradicate it all at once. I can only try my best to control the concentration."

Bai Qiao nodded. After understanding the situation, she turned her gaze to Sun Rong: "Miss Sun, let's try the sword first. Slash towards the sky. Feel it."

"Eh? Is that okay? It's more important to control the situation first, right?" Sun Rong was stunned.

Bai Qiao said with an expressionless expression: "The secret realm is arranged by the Lord. The concentration must exceed 65% before it collapses. The current concentration is only 40%. There is still time left."

Sun Rong Unexpectedly, the purpose of Bai Qiao letting him in was to let him try the sword.

The reason why Bai Qiao came here is because of the instruction of classmate Wang Ling.

so...

Is classmate Wang Ling creating a chance for her to try the sword?

The girl's mood immediately improved when she thought of this.

"Thank you, classmate Wang Ling. Thank you, Miss Bai Qiao! Thank you, seniors! You're welcome."

Then. Sun Rong quickly pulled Aohai out of the scabbard. A powerful sword energy burst out from Aohai's sword body!

"drink!"

Sun RongThe sword points to the sky. Cut it off with one sword!

Boom!

The sword light seeped out from Aohai's edge. At first it was only a few inches, and then it continued to surge as it hit the sky!

The turbulent sword intent accompanied the sound of the tsunami, which echoed continuously like the Hong Zhong of Heavenly Dao. The terrifying sword pressure rushed towards the power of chaos that was constantly accumulating in the sky, making the entire secret realm dazzling!

"A Foundation Building. Can actually cut out a sword energy of tens of thousands of meters..." At this time, the second-generation Demon Saint and Shen Wuyue who were kneeling on the ground were both stunned.





Chapter 1371 Bai Qiao+Aohai=? ? ?


The thunder tribulation of Tribulation Transcendence and the heavenly tribulation of divine punishment. In the final analysis, they all revolve around the "power of thunder and lightning."

Thunder. is one of the most terrifying forces in the world.

The lethality of thunder tribulations and heavenly tribulations will increase tens of millions of times.

Chaos is the terrifying energy originating from the birth of the universe.

An anti-world magic weapon. Every 1% of the power of chaos added to it can increase its power by another half percent based on the original value.

Thunder and Chaos.

Once the two combine, they form Chaos Thunder.

The terrifying power cannot be described in words.

But in front of me, it seems that the most terrifying situation is not the chaos thunder in the sky above the secret realm.

But a girl who is only in the Foundation Building stage. She is fighting against the Chaos Thunder!

When the girl drew her sword, her determined look was moving.

Even though she is only at the Foundation Building stage, her face still shows strong confidence.

When he drew his sword and struck forward, the seemingly thin figure seemed to burst out with all his strength at this moment. The sword was alluring. It was eye-catching.

Aohai stood up with a sword energy of tens of thousands of meters. The rolling sword energy of the angry sea roared forward. It demonstrated the depth of the sea and the terrifying power of swallowing all things.

For a moment, Chaos Thunder and Aohai's sword intent clashed together.

The two forces collided, causing energy to explode in the sky. Sparks flew everywhere.

The halos that exploded one after another made the sky in the secret realm seem to be coated with a layer of aurora. There were thousands of rays of light, dazzling and dazzling.

Buzz!

In the void. Aohai manifested his body shape.

She has absorbed the power of tens of thousands of Aohai split bodies split in the sword spirit space.

This caused Aohai's own size to skyrocket. She appeared in the secret realm like a giant. She stood tall and strong, shaking the sky!

The beautiful and moving skirt has also been infinitely magnified. When it swings, it exudes a boundless smell of the sea.

"The water overflows the golden mountain!" Aohai shouted softly. The sound shook the whole country.

As she spoke, a large piece of scripture immediately appeared in the void, covering the sword energy that hit the sky. Together they suppressed the high-concentration chaos thunder!

The mouths of the second-generation Demon Saint and Shen Wuyue never closed from the beginning to the end.

Moreover, because the concentration of the power of chaos is too strong, they are still in a kneeling position - really kneeling to watch!

The two forces collided together, wearing down and restricting each other.

After about a few minutes, the light in the sky dimmed.

Aohai's blow was quite successful. It offset approximately 15% of the concentration of Chaos Power.

A large area of chaos was dispersed, causing the concentration in the secret realm to temporarily decrease.

However, this also used up all Aohai's accumulated strength.

Such a powerful "Alluring Sword" cannot be used twice in a short period of time.

Calculated with the same power, the sword fell behind just now. It takes 12 hours of saving before the second strike can be carried out.

But this kind of savings can be superimposed as long as Sun Rong does not consume it himself.

Aohai's Sword Spirit Space is a super container. It can be stacked up to 10 times of "Alluring Sword" level.

"The power is indeed powerful enough." The monk also sighed.

Aohai's sword did not completely eradicate the power of chaos. This is expected.

Sun Rong is indeed very strong now. But its combat power is still lower than that of the monk.

Even the monk's palm couldn't eradicate it, let alone Aohai's sword.

"The sword test is over. Then it's time for us to play." At this time, Bai Qiao said.

"Understood." The monk nodded: "In a moment, when Miss Bai Qiao merges with Aohai, the poor monk will add the golden Buddha's light to you. Combining all our powers, we will be able to make it foolproof."

"Miss Bai Qiao...want to merge with Aohai?" Sun Rong was surprised.

"This is a special case. This is the only way." Bai Qiao's hair was spinning.

Then she changed her body shape and turned herself back into the scabbard: "Miss Sun, you're welcome. Feel free to use me!"

Sun Rong: "What to do?"

Bai Qiao: "Insert Aohai directly into my scabbard. The combination will be completed. Then Miss Sun only needs to do the same as before and strike with the sword again."

"good!"

Sun Rong nodded.

She followed Bai Qiao's instructions and inserted Aohai into the scabbard of the mahogany sword.

Bai Qiao and Aohai. The two combined!

In an instant, a powerful force overflowed from Aohai in Sun Rong's hand!

Sun Rong discovered that the shape of the Aohai in his hand had also changed. The original blue and white sword body turned into a bright orange like an orange!

At the same time, the newly combined sword spirit officially appeared before everyone's eyes.

This is a woman with blue hair and orange eyes who looks extremely elegant.

Her hair was tied up. Bai Qiao's stupid hair turned into a hairpin and was inserted into her tied up hair.

A gorgeous snow-white cassock. The long tail at the end drags behind like waves. It hangs like the Milky Way. It is extremely beautiful.

The woman opened her beautiful phoenix eyes. Her whole body shone like the luster of seabed gems. She had the aura of a queen, just like the ancient genius who made people surrender.

"My name is Bai Hai." the woman said.

The sweet voice is like the sound of a conch shell. But it hides an amazing domineering power. There is a sense of ancient times when it is spoken.

Then, she turned her head and looked at the sky filled with large amounts of chaotic power.

Bai Hai never made a move. But the monk could already feel the terrifying fighting power emanating from Bai Hai: "As expected of Miss Bai Qiao..."

He sighed secretly in his heart.

This combination directly increases Aohai's combat power by another order of magnitude based on the original!

This is an amazing improvement.

But just to be on the safe side, the monk still opened his "Swastika" without hesitation and applied a layer of golden Buddha's light to Bai Hai's body!

Just for a moment, Bai Hai's body was coated with a layer of golden light. It was like wearing a layer of golden armor, making the aura emanating from his body even more powerful!

And because of the blessing of this layer of golden Buddha's light, Sun Rong's Alluring Sword, which originally took 12 hours to accumulate, was instantly recharged by the monk's energy supply.

"Miss Sun, the time has come!" At this time, the monk commanded.

"Yes! Senior!"

Sun Rong responded to the monk's words. She withstood the power of chaos that was almost boiling in the sky. She slashed towards the sky again! Brandishing her Alluring Sword!

The snow-white sword energy is like waves at this moment. It attacks the sky for the second time!

The rich power of chaos collided with the white wave sword energy, causing the sword wave to boil. The dense steam surged and rolled with the energy.

This sword energy is one million meters long!

It spans the entire secret realm of heaven and earth. Like a watermelon knife, it splits the sky into two in an instant!

The overwhelming power filled the entire sky. It quickly swallowed up all the power of chaos in the sky at a suffocating speed...

After a few seconds, the rich power of chaos in the secret realm disappeared. The chaos thunder formed by merging with the thunder calamity also dissipated.

The blue sky. The warm sunshine falls down. It shines on everyone's face.

The dissipated pressure was accompanied by the infinite breeze blowing across everyone's cheeks.

It was a scene that was so tense that I almost collapsed.

In this moment, the tide of change was strong.

"Thanks for your hard work."

Bai Hai turned around and faced Sun Rong with a slight smile.

Then her body turned into particles of light and dissipated in the thousands of warm suns...





Chapter 1372 Wang Ling's composition


This is an overall perfect fit.

However, because it was the first time to combine, Bai Hai's formation time was limited. After the Alluring Sword was chopped down, the body couldn't help but dissipate.

Bai Qiao differentiated herself again. There were beads of sweat on her forehead. She was panting.

Combined with Aohai. So tired.

Because she is almost responsible for the main part of the combat power, Aohai's combat power has been greatly improved on the original basis.

In contrast, Bai Qiao found that it was easier to combine with Jingke.

At least Jingke's combat power is online.

After the sword body is inserted into it, it becomes one.

Bai Qiao basically does not need to move by himself.

That's the difference.

"Senior Bai Qiao, are you okay?" Sun Rong quickly stepped forward and supported Bai Qiao. She felt that Bai Qiao's figure was shaking and he was about to fall.

"Don't worry about me..." Bai Qiao's voice was thin. As a senior otaku who focuses on games, she doesn't like her body in human form to be touched by others.

"Ah! Sorry!" Sun Rong hurriedly let go.

"Don't think that because my lord has helped you, you can do whatever you want..."

Bai Qiao blushed. She didn't know why the greeting from Sun Rong just now made her face feel hot: "I'm going back to play games!"

Her voice seemed a little urgent. She almost turned into a brown aura and left the place as if she was fleeing.

"Senior Bai Qiao...does she hate me?" Sun Rong looked a little confused on her face.

"I don't think so! It's all because Rongrong is so charming!" Sun Ying'er chuckled.

This sudden change ended. Everyone breathed a sigh of relief.

Just a little bit closer. The earth is about to be destroyed again...

But fortunately, with the joint efforts of everyone, this crisis did not happen in the end.

Er Ha shook the dog hair off his body and jumped out of the pit.

It almost thought it was going to die!

Unexpectedly, it survived successfully again.

"What a shame!" Er Ha climbed out of the pit and looked at the blue sky in the secret realm. He couldn't help but sigh.

eh... A dog lives an ignoble existence. There seems to be something wrong with this idiom.

But. It doesn't matter anymore.

Er Ha feels like it's tailor-made for me!

"Er Ha! The dog hair on your body seems to be greener!"Sun Rong ran over and pinched Er Ha's face. He found that Er Ha's dog head was still as soft and elastic as usual.

"Rongrong, you are so gentle!"

Sun Ying'er chuckled. Then he started: "Look at me rubbing the dog's head angrily!"

The touch was heart-stirring. Even the monk Jin Deng couldn't help but stretched out his hands and started rubbing it together: "Come here too, poor monk! Rub the dog's head angrily!"

Er Ha was allowed to be ravaged by everyone without any resistance.

This time it will survive.

He really owed a favor to everyone here except Shen Wuyue who was kneeling and the second generation demon saint.

"Thank you classmate Sun Rong. Thank you for your help." Er Ha shook his tail. He sincerely expressed his gratitude to everyone here.

"You should thank classmate Wang Ling." Sun Rong said with a smile.

"I have decided to follow Little Master Ling for the rest of my life. I will only be his dog in this life." Er Ha said with firm eyes.

Sun Rong smiled. He rubbed his face and asked, "But why does it feel like there is no difference after you become a mythical beast? It's just that the dog's hair is greener than before."

"This is just an appearance. Benefactor Ha's combat power has indeed made a qualitative leap. It is not what it used to be. It is no longer the same."

The monk said. Then he turned his gaze to the second-generation demon saint and Shen Wuyue aside: "Now, Benefactor Ha can hang them up and beat them."

"Er Ha is so strong!" Sun Rong praised.

Shen Wuyue: "..."

Second Generation Demon Saint: "..."

Monk Jin Deng: "Speaking of which, why are you two still kneeling?"

Shen Wuyue and the second-generation demon sage wanted to cry but had no tears.

They knelt for too long.

My legs are numb!

...

The issue of peeking into the Mountain of Recall was resolved. In front of the desk in the bedroom. Wang Ling breathed a sigh of relief.

The chaos phenomenon disappeared. Er Ha successfully entered the order of divine beasts with Tribulation Transcendence. This was a good thing. However, Wang Ling knew that the matter was far from over.

He had a premonition that the remaining eight Rubik's Cubes would definitely find a way to find the one fused into Aohai's body for the sake of balance.

Therefore, this matter needs to be considered in the long term.

Wang Ling wanted to call Lord Diulei to discuss this matter.

But right now, the troubles he faces don't stop there.

Chinese teacher Guan Ziqian called.

Wang Ling knows it through the phone. This must not be a good thing.

In all likelihood, it was because of the writing competition.

He finished writing the manuscript and submitted it yesterday.

But he didn't expect that before submission for publication, all essays would be reviewed by Chinese language teachers from each school to ensure that there were no sensitive contents in the essays.

Then, his essay {Single Dog} was noticed by Teacher Guan.

The idea of this composition. Wang Ling is very simple.

However, he felt that this was completely in line with the standards and the meaning of the essay.

Looking at the flashing mobile phone number of Teacher Guan. Wang Ling thought about it carefully. I felt that there was nothing wrong with what I wrote.

After being stunned for a few seconds, Wang Ling picked up the phone.

Guan Ziqian on the other side of the phone seemed a little angry: "Wang Ling. You are really perfunctory with me again! What on earth is going on with your essay? The teacher of the Chinese language group in the office and I were all shocked. ah!"

Wang Ling was silent. No words were spoken.

"Youthful feelings are always poetry... Such a good topic choice. Have you never thought of writing about what happened between you and your classmate Sun Rong? Think about your previous encounter at the fireworks display in the Xiao Family Courtyard. I think you can definitely write flowers!"

Teacher Guan worked hard to provide ideas to Wang Ling: "Okay. Even if you don't write about what happened with your classmate Sun Rong. If you decide to use Sun Rong as the theme, then you should start from the perspective of young people. Start at the level of loneliness!"

Hearing this. Wang Ling sighed in his heart.

Is the loneliness of young people...

There seems to be no one lonelier than him in this world.

Perhaps he realized that his tone was quite intense. Teacher Guan on the other end of the phone sighed: "Wang Ling. Maybe the teacher's tone was a bit harsh. The teacher apologizes to you. But I also hope that you can understand the teacher's point of view. It's a lot of hard work. A person who can write a composition like "A Grain of Ash in the Age" would not be able to produce such a manuscript."

"..."

Wang Ling wants to cry but has no tears.

The main thing is. He really didn't write that stuff!

"I know. My classmate Wang Ling has always been a low-key person. Maybe you don't want to get ranked at all. However, you are a seed contestant strongly recommended by the teacher of our school's Chinese language group. Even if Wang Ling doesn't want to write well. You have to fill up the composition paper after all, right?"

Teacher Guan said earnestly: "Teacher Guan: "The composition rule is indeed within 800 words. As for your composition, it is not too off-topic. In fact... there are many things to write about the theme of singles."

"Um..."

Teacher Guan: "Then you wrote the word [汪] in the entire composition. Even the title added up. There are four words in total!"

"..."

"Classmate Wang Ling! Are you too perfunctory?"

"..."





Chapter 1373 Wang Ling is going to be famous again


For Wang Ling, writing an essay is not difficult, but scoring points is difficult.

This is the most difficult scoring item among all the "test questions" that Wang Ling has come across so far.

Due to the understanding of the text, you can never know what kind of score the teacher who reads the composition will give you.

Wang Ling remember one year's college entrance examination paper. The end of an article was: "Now. It is long dead. But there is still a weird light in its eyes."

The teacher who asked the question wanted students to understand the connotation of this sentence.

As a result, in the end, even the original author of this article didn't know what it meant...

Finally, at the request of Teacher Guan, Wang Ling had to rewrite an essay.

"Wang Ling. Take a look. Can the manuscript be submitted on Saturday?" Teacher Guan asked.

All submission portals will be closed at midnight on Sunday.

At that time, Wang Ling's essay cannot be submitted. Number 60 High School is a wasted spot.

"Try your best."Wang Ling sighed. He replied helplessly.

"Okay. Then I will delete your article from the background." Teacher Guan nodded happily.

Wang Ling was about to hang up the phone when he heard Guan Ziqian suddenly scream "Oops" on the other end of the phone.

Wang Ling: "?"

Guan Ziqian: "Oops! I think I clicked submit..."

Wang Ling: "..."

Teacher Guan held his head and felt a little crazy: "Damn it! This composition review backend is so poisonous! Why is the × next to it the submit button?"

When I think about it, a four-character essay will soon appear in the eyes of Chinese language teaching experts across the country.

"So this is what it feels like to look up at the dark sky..." Teacher Guan suddenly felt desperate.

Moreover, Guan Ziqian also believes that Wang Ling's essay is very likely to become the lowest score in the essay competition that Number 60 High School has participated in over the years.

It is also the first zero-point essay...

The selection of outstanding teachers of the year is definitely gone!

Guan Ziqian's tears couldn't help but roll down.

...

The call was terminated. Wang Ling felt that I really felt sorry for Teacher Guan.

Mainly because he really didn't expect that there would be only one place in this composition contest.

In every competition in previous years, each school had at least three participating places.

Teacher Guan pushed hard in the Chinese group, convinced all the teachers, and fought with other scholars. In the end, he forced the Chinese teachers at Number 60 High School to bet all their money on him...

If he didn't get the ranking this time. Wang Ling felt that he might harm Teacher Guan and he would lose his position as the head of the teaching and research team of the Chinese language group.

It's really a bit difficult to do!

Otherwise, he should rewrite the article and then ask Wang Ming to hack into the background and replace the article?

At this time, Wang Ling had already had this idea in his mind.

Now it seems. This seems to be the only way.

He was about to call Wang Ming when Lord Diulei suddenly sent him a text message: "Brother Ling! The matter in the demon world has been settled. Congratulations to Brother Dog for successfully becoming a divine beast with Tribulation Transcendence! But this time the concentration of chaos is abnormal. I think it is necessary to hold a meeting to discuss the matter. What do you think?"

"Yeah."Wang Ling replied with one word.

Phenomena related to chaos concentration disorder.

Wang Ling feels that his calculation is probably not wrong.

It is definitely related to the lack of Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube.

Even if Lord Diulei doesn't come to him, he still wants Lord Diulei to start collecting materials for making a new Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube.

When the time comes, we can just hold a meeting and explain what we need.

Currently, the Office of Strategic Deception has a vast network of contacts, especially those on alien planets. This is a condition that no sect on earth has.

As long as the Office of Strategic Deception comes forward, God's Domain and Heavenly Dao will have to give face to help.

If anyone is dissatisfied, you can try the Office of Strategic Deception.

But the result is 100% yes. You will die if you try...

"Oh, by the way, brother Ling. Actually there is one more thing."

Lord Diulei typed: "I just saw that there is a national essay contest submission. There is an essay about a single person... I see this handwriting. It seems a bit like what you wrote."

Wang Ling: "..."

Compositions uploaded to the composition platform are all imported by scanning handwriting into pictures.

For Chinese teachers, the neat handwriting and literary talent of an excellent composition are actually equally important.

As the saying goes, words are like people. Beautiful handwriting is definitely a bonus.

However, Lord Diulei was able to recognize his notes from just "four characters." This surprised Wang Ling.

Because the essays submitted to the backend are all anonymous for the sake of fairness.

Before the final results come out, all the main evaluators who are responsible for grading will not know who the author of the composition is.

"If your brother does not deny it, then it seems that you really wrote this composition!"

Lord Diulei said: "I was not sure before, so I sent it to Miss Sun Rong to have a look. Miss Sun has been deliberately imitating your handwriting. As a result, people can tell at a glance that it is your handwriting."

Wang Ling: "..."

Lord Diulei smiled: "Actually, I am one of the main reviewers for this competition."

Wang Ling was stunned: "?"

"In this competition, a total of six main judges and a 100-member expert panel were selected for joint review. However, those responsible for scoring are all the main judges. The expert panel is only used to review the composition."

Lord Diulei said: "Besides me, the remaining five main judges are. Zhuo Yi brothers, Mr. Sun Yiyuan, President Qi from the Magic Academy of Science, Secretary Sun from the Wan School Alliance, and Wang Jiao."

"Wang Jiao?" Wang Ling's mouth twitched.

There are still a few Wang Jiao in this world...

Lord Diulei: "Brother Ling, don't doubt your ears. This last judge is your father."

"..."

He didn't know why. Wang Ling suddenly felt like he was being appointed.

...

On the other side, Wang Ling's essay titled {Single Dog} was also quickly included in the background information of the main reviewer.

Lord Diulei has almost settled the relationship...

among all reviewers.

The person who had the most excited reaction was naturally Mr. Boss Sun. His face was red. He stared at the four-word essay and exclaimed: "Great! This essay by classmate Wang Ling... is well written. ah!"

"Old man, calm down..." Jiang Xiaoche couldn't stand it anymore. There was a lemony feeling in his mouth.

"Look! My classmate Wang Ling writes so well! It's a very standard thin gold style! How can you achieve this level without more than ten years of work?"

"But sir...classmate Wang is only 16 years old..."

"What's wrong with 16 years old? You still don't allow people to write when they are 1 year old?"

"..."

"Look. The composition of classmate Wang Ling. Although there is only one word "wang" in the whole article, I think what he expresses should be the meaning of simplicity. And haven't you noticed? The composition of classmate Wang Ling There is actually a sound!"

"..."





Chapter 1374 Boss Sun's fan filter


He was excited. But after Mr. Boss Sun calmed down, he still realized Wang Ling's intention from Wang Ling's essay "The Great Way to Simplicity."

This is a national-level competition. This essay is creative, but it is too risky.

And with the personality of classmate Wang Ling, it is not his personality to participate in the national essay competition.

In all likelihood, it was probably the Chinese teacher at school who forced him out.

So is it possible that classmate Wang Ling never wanted to win the award from the beginning?

Boss Sun frowned: "Xiaoche. Are you saying that classmate Wang Ling. doesn't want to win the championship at all?"

Jiang Xiaoche carefully tried to figure out the meaning of Boss Sun's words. The old man's current "fan filter" was too strong. Jiang Xiaoche knew that he had to adjust his attitude towards Wang Ling as soon as possible.

Even if he is dissatisfied with Wang Ling, he still has to follow the old man's wishes in front of Boss Sun. Otherwise, it will be too late when Boss Sun finds him objectionable.

"I'm afraid it is, sir." Jiang Xiaoche nodded regretfully. Then he began to observe Boss Sun's reaction.

"Is that really true..."

Sun Yiyuan first showed a look of pity, and then let out a long sigh: "But... this essay is really well written!"

Jiang Xiaoche: "..."

To be honest, if Sun Yiyuan didn't still have some sense, he would have given Wang Ling a full score of 60 points for this essay!

But in order to take care of Wang Ling's feelings at the same time.

In the end, Mr. Boss Sun did not give a specific score for the essay review.

Instead, the composition was submitted directly to the "New Concept Creative Library."

The reward mechanism for this national competition is actually very rich.

For some essays that break through the style of exam-oriented essays, they do not need to be graded according to the scores of exam-oriented essays. They will be selected for the "New Concept Essay Award."

This award is not a championship award. It does not attract that much attention. But it is also a national award. Mr. Boss Sun feels that with this award, Wang Ling is enough to give an explanation to his Chinese teacher.

Sun Yiyuan's idea coincided with that of several others. In addition, Lord Diulei, Zhuo Yi was behind the scenes to smooth the relationship.

Wang Ling's Wang Ling essay on {{Single}}. There is almost no suspense about winning the New Concept Essay Award.

Sun Yiyuan used his mobile phone to take pictures of Wang Ling's composition. Although the composition only had four words, the more he looked at these four beautiful words, the more he liked them.

"What is the name of classmate Wang Ling's Chinese teacher? Do you know?" Sun Yiyuan asked.

"Called Guan Ziqian." Jiang Xiaoche quickly replied.

"Very good." Sun Yiyuan nodded: "You will inform Principal Chen later. Send a commendation order to Teacher Guan."

"Commendation...order?"

"To be able to teach such an excellent classmate Wang Ling. Teacher Guan must be an excellent person too!"

Mr. Boss Sun stared intently at the photos taken on his phone. He was deeply intoxicated.

Jiang Xiaoche: "..."

"Wonderful, wonderful! This word is written wonderfully! Xiaoche. Go and print this picture. I want to frame it and keep it."

Boss Sun said: "From now on, when recruiting new employees of Huaguo Shuilian Group, anyone who can write in beautiful thin gold fonts will give me 10 points in the comprehensive evaluation."

"..."

At this time, the expression on Jiang Xiaoche's face was complicated.

He didn't know what magic spell Wang Ling had used on Boss Sun.

He can actually make this old man who always handles things calmly have such a thick fan filter!

When Wang Ling went to the aquarium before, Jiang Xiaoche secretly planned a plan to trip up Wang Ling. However, he had not found a good opportunity.

And now, Jiang Xiaoche feels like she can't bear it anymore.

He must expose the "nature" of Wang Ling!

Let Mr. Boss Sun see clearly who is the most suitable person for Sun Rong!

...

The entire plan is divided into two parts.

Jiang Xiaoche will start with Wang Ling and Sun Rong respectively.

Reveal the "nature" of Wang Ling. And improve Sun Rong's favorability towards himself!

Huaguo Shuilian Group's backend AI intelligent system "Wukong" created good conditions for Jiang Xiaoche to implement the plan. This intelligent system was originally used for customer big data calculations.

It is similar to the "guess you like" function developed by some shopping platforms by obtaining customers' focus when browsing products.

The "Wukong System" can automatically push various elixirs produced by Huaguo Shuilian Group to potential customers based on customers' browsing needs.

But now. Jiang Xiaoche plans to use the Wukong system to do other things.

[Fish-eye], [Frigid], [Sulky], [Emotionless], [Loves to steal other people's women]...

Jiang Xiaoche inputs all the tags he thinks about Wang Ling into the Wukong system.

Soon, the system's electronic voice prompt came: "Dear Mr. Jiang. Xiao Kong has recommended a local girl in Songhai City for you. Please check it out."

According to system speculation, the match between this girl and Wang Ling is as high as 87%. She is the type that Wang Ling may like!

"Successful!" Jiang Xiaoche secretly rejoiced.

He clicked on the girl's information.

The girl in the photo has fresh short hair, her skin is as white as jade, and she is cute and charming.

She looks very young, but in fact she is a senior professional escort expert!

Specializing in providing wine-stopping services in hotels for bosses in shopping malls!

"It's interesting. I didn't expect classmate Wang Ling to like such a coquettish type."

Jiang Xiaoche nodded with satisfaction.

Then. He quickly followed the information provided by the system.

I called this girl.

Jiang Xiaoche: "Hello. Is this Miss Su Yu? I want to ask you for something."

"It's nothing serious. I just want you to help me flirt with a boy... What? Showing off your skills rather than selling yourself? No! I don't need you to sell yourself..."

"Do you understand the boyfriend loyalty test?"

"Yes! It's just a test!"

"The pay is very high! I hope you will consider it!"

...

So that night. Wang Ling suddenly received a very strange friend adding message.

This is a girl whom Wang Ling does not know at all.

The friend request description column reads: "Classmate Wang Ling! I am in trouble. Please add me. I have something important to tell you!"

"..."

Wang Ling stared at the girl's profile picture for a few seconds.

He searched the memories in his mind and confirmed that there was no such person in Number 60 High School and among all the people he had come into contact with.

However, the other party actually called his classmate Wang Ling.

Maybe from another school?

No...

It may or may not be an information leak.

Jiang Xiaoche calculated well. But he didn't calculate it. Wang Ling actually doesn't have the habit of adding strangers.

He didn't even bother to ask the girl what was going on.

Then this "strange girl" was included in the blacklist...

If you are in trouble, you should go find the police!

Why are you looking for him...

It also delayed his online classes!

(I just woke up...there will be updates later. Try to send a little candy today? Hehehehe)





Chapter 1375: Fishing and catching yourself


Su Yu didn't expect that she would be blocked like this.

This classmate Wang is indeed a cautious person. He is more difficult to deal with than Su Yu imagined.

"Sister? Are you unhappy about something?"

In front of the dining table, Su Xiao was taking online classes. He saw his sister's sad face and couldn't help but ask.

"Go to your class well."

Su Yu scolded lightly.

Wang Ling...

This name is actually not unfamiliar to Su Yu.

Su Yu even met Wang Ling. It's just that Wang Ling may not know it.

Previously, Number 60 High School had a "censorship incident." The school required parents of students to come to school in person to pick up their children. Su Yu had a face-to-face meeting with Wang Ling when she was picking up Su Xiao.

Her brother said that although classmate Wang Ling looks cold, he is actually a very good person.

He is also the mascot of their class. He has represented the school several times and brought glory to Number 60 High School.

Jiang Xiaoche asked her to test a boy. She described the boy as heinous. Su Yu didn't know who the boy was before receiving the information.

Who knows? This turned out to be the classmate of her younger brother Su Xiao. Wang Ling...

Thinking of this, Su Yu felt a little pain in her head.

Su Yu had never thought about "molesting" her younger brother's classmates.

She didn't mean to embarrass Wang Ling.

It's just that Jiang Xiaoche paid her a very high salary.

If this order can be completed.

Su Yu can stay away from home for the next few years and do the job of being a waiter that she hates.

Everything she did was for life.

Just so that I and my brother can live a better life.

...

Jiang Xiaoche's side. About an hour later, he received a reply from Su Yu: "I used thirty-six numbers to add, but they were all blocked. I don't have any numbers anymore."

Jiang Xiaoche was shocked. He stared at Su Yu's news with a look of disbelief: "No one added? Is he so upright? Why don't I believe it so much!?"

After all, Wang Ling is only 16 years old.

And Jiang Xiaoche is also a veteran. It is common for young people of this age to be full of energy.

It is also the age when it is easiest to face all kinds of temptations.

"I have screenshots here. I have said both soft and hard words when requesting friends. Now I really have no choice [sweat]." Su Yu typed.

Jiang Xiaoche: "Don't worry. I will pay for the reward."

"That's good."

Su Yu nodded. She didn't know who this mysterious boss was.

He actually spent so much money to do the so-called "test" for Wang Ling.

But Su Yu had an intuition. She felt that this person might have something to do with Sun Rong. Maybe he was also the suitor of classmate Sun Rong?

or...

Thinking of this, Su Yu couldn't help but ask: "Excuse me, are you Ms. Sun Rong herself?"

Jiang Xiaoche: "I'm not..."

Staring at the phone, Su Yu chuckled. Usually he would be eager to deny it. Nine times out of ten, that's it.

She has long heard about some campus scandals between Sun Rong and Wang Ling...

I just didn't expect that Sun Rong would be so interested in Wang Ling.

He also specially made a voice changer and pretended to be a boy. I don't know where he found her and asked her to test Wang Ling.

Su Yu felt that she must have guessed correctly. The burning heart of gossip forced her to speak her truth: "No need to be embarrassed, classmate Sun Rong!"

Jiang Xiaoche: "..."

Su Yu: "I actually understand this kind of test of character. Given your family background, you should be more cautious. According to my experience, my classmate Wang is a very pragmatic, honest and dedicated person. He will not be easily The type you are tempted by! Just feel free to get married!"

Snap!

After listening, Jiang Xiaoche was so angry that he smashed his phone.

...

The mission to send Su Yu over for testing failed. But Jiang Xiaoche is still determined to be evil.

He felt there must be something wrong somewhere.

After paying Su Yu the reward as agreed, Jiang Xiaoche still planned to continue targeting Wang Ling.

In fact, he got some inspiration from Su Yu.

The artificial intelligence matching function of Wukong system is the most suitable match based on the information he entered about Wang Ling.

But for the tags I entered earlier: [Fish-eye], [Frigid], [Sulky], [Emotionless], [Loves to steal other people's women]...

Some of them are Jiang Xiaoche's own stereotypes of Wang Ling. Some of them are tags added randomly out of jealousy. In fact, they are not objective and fair.

In an unfair situation, the girl you match will naturally be inaccurate.

"Why..."

Jiang Xiaoche sighed.

He discovered his mistake.

Fortunately, this discovery was quite timely.

Then he started to keep telling himself in his mind.

We must put aside our prejudices, be objective and fair, and write down the shining points of Wang Ling on the label...

In this way, more accurate girls can be matched through a large database.

He bit the bullet and deleted the tags he had added randomly. Then he started to re-enter some tags [Fish-eye], [Cold on the outside, hot on the inside] from the perspective of the old man and Su Yu's analysis just now. , [Sultry], [Pragmatic], [Honest], [Down-to-earth], [Undivided], [Beautiful handwriting], [Fair-skinned], [Handsome]...

While entering tags, Jiang Xiaoche was holding back a mouthful of blood.

He felt like he was about to suffer internal injuries.

In order to give a stumbling block to his love rival, he actually had to praise his love rival first...

This magical operation never imagined that Jiang Xiaoche would happen to him.

About a few minutes later.

In front of the computer. Jiang Xiaoche wiped his sweat.

This time. The labels he entered were objective enough.

There should be no more problems with the Wukong system.

Soon, the system's electronic voice prompt came again: "Dear Mr. Jiang. Xiao Kong has recommended a local girl in Songhai City for you. Please check it out."

This time. The system matching degree is as high as 96%!!

Opening this girl's information. Jiang Xiaoche couldn't help but rub his eyes.

He was sure that he saw it correctly.

Because the girl in the photo is actually somewhat similar to Sun Rong...

But Jiang Xiaoche is sure. This is definitely not Sun Rong himself.

"So there are actually such similar people in this world?" Jiang Xiaoche showed his starry eyes.

He didn't know what it felt like to fall in love at first sight.

But now. He is sure... that he has fallen in love with this girl!

Jiang Yingying!

What a name!

Jiang Xiaoche was talking about this girl's information.

Then he quickly sent a friend request message to the girl named Jiang Yingying: "Miss, do you want to date me?"

3 seconds later...

Jiang Xiaoche was directly blocked.

...

This scene also made Wang Ling sigh on the screen.

Late at night, I inexplicably received more than 30 explicit messages from friends...

Wang Ling also knew that someone must be causing trouble.

Then, he immediately traced it to Jiang Xiaoche and found out that it was Jiang Xiaoche who was "fishing."

pity.

Some people catch themselves while fishing...





Chapter 1376 The old thief Ku Xuan makes sugar in the middle of the night


Today. Jiang Xiaoche smashed two mobile phones.

The first time he smashed it was because what Su Yu said to him stimulated him.

The second time I smashed it was because I was rejected by Jiang Yingying.

This incident tells us a truth.

When life is unsatisfactory, you can have nothing, but you must have more mobile phones.

Mainly for convenience.

Nokia is no longer useful in the world of cultivation.

Unless it has been enlightened by Wang Ling.

Otherwise, as long as a cultivator with a certain level of cultivation tries to smash it, it will all break...

Looking at the two broken mobile phones on the ground, Jiang Xiaoche took a deep breath.

He felt that he had calmed down completely.

And after knowing how to deal with myself and Jiang Yingying. and the relationship between myself and Sun Rong.

Only children make choices.

He wants them all!

Thinking of this, Jiang Xiaoche took out the third mobile phone from his pocket and started his next plan.

Jiang Yingying's side. We still have to keep making an appointment.

This was the first time he saw a girl who looked very similar to Sun Rong. It would be a pity to let her go so easily.

And over there Wang Ling.

As Su Yu's plan failed, Jiang Xiaoche knew that he might not be able to sway this idiot with simple "seduction techniques."

He began to think of a good show.

Suppose. Arrange Wang Ling and Sun Rong in one place.

Then both of them are in danger at the same time.

If you can help me then...

Wouldn't it be possible to kill two birds with one stone?

Ha. Just two Foundation Building phases.

Create a fake crisis. This is not difficult for Jiang Xiaoche.

The routine of a hero saving a beauty is certainly cliché.

But the truth is that only routines can win people's hearts!

Jiang Xiaoche had already thought about the time to do it.

It's next Monday. On the way home from school on the first day back at Number 60 High School...

Hum hum!

Wang Ling. If you can, don't leave after school!

...

With Sun Rong, after Er Ha returned from the demon world. The monk received a message from the Office of Strategic Deception. Lord Diulei wanted to discuss collecting materials for making a new Rubik's Cube. Monk Jin Deng, as the most experienced People naturally become ready-made consultants.

After having the brand new Aohai.

The power of the Alluring Sword. Sun Rong has already seen it.

It's such a huge power that Sun Rong can't even imagine that it can be exerted from its own thin body.

When the "Alluring Sword" was used.

Sun Rong thought of Wang Ling.

The power contained in the body of classmate Wang Ling is probably beyond the imagination and comparison of anyone...

Sun Rong knows it well.

The power I currently possess may be just a drop in the ocean compared to Wang Ling.

However, without the help of the monk, this is a standard of combat power that she would never be able to reach in her entire life.

After seeing the power of "Alluring Sword."

The girl feels that she has a sense of mission and responsibility.

And. I began to understand the troubles of Wang Ling a little bit.

Thinking of this, she frowned slightly and couldn't help but sigh in front of the monk.

Sun Rong: "It is really distressing to have too much power and cannot control it. I hope that classmate Wang Ling can find a way to accurately control power as soon as possible."

Monk Jin Deng smiled: "I will definitely find it."

"Thank you so much this time, senior!" Sun Rong held Aohai in his hand and thanked him again.

"Miss Sun is polite. However, the poor monk still has a reminder. Please listen carefully, Miss Sun."

The monk smiled: "Although Aohai's power is huge, it can be controlled. Normally, Miss Sun can suppress most enemies with just sword energy. Miss Sun's Alluring Sword is the ultimate killing move at this stage. Never use it lightly as a last resort."

Sun Rong: "Senior, I understand. I will definitely use this power carefully!"

"Well, women should not let men down. With Miss Sun's words, the poor monk can rest assured." The monk nodded. The things that need to be explained have been explained.

His "Face-Pinching Contest Commitment" can be considered officially completed and comes to an end.

"Alluring Sword" is Sun Rong's current special move.

In fact, if there are multiple core worlds in Aohai's body, this special move can be upgraded to another level.

To build multiple core worlds into the Spirit Sword space, you need to fuse multiple Rubik's Cubes...

It is not easy to get a Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube and fuse it in Aohai.

Multi-core spiritual sword. A monk would not even dare to think about it.

If Aohai is dual-core, it can exert the power of "the most powerful sword in the world."

With three cores, you can "pour the ball and strike with a sword"...

But now, even if Aohai has a single core, Sun Rong is enough to use.

It has really been upgraded to the three-core level.

The monk felt that the spirit of the earth might go crazy.

These days, a Foundation Building can be blown up with a "throwing ball and a sword." Just thinking about it makes people collapse...

"Then Miss Sun, Benefactor Ha. and I will say goodbye. We have to go to the Office of Strategic Deception later."

"Okay, please, senior!"

Sun Rong held Aohai and bowed to the monk. Then he turned his eyes to Er Ha and touched Er Ha's dog head: "Er Ha. When you go back, you should also thank classmate Wang Ling for me!"

Er Ha responded: "Hey! I know. You should also send a message yourself! What a big deal!"

Sun Rong's face turned red again: "I'm not. I haven't thought about it...how to tell my classmate Wang Ling!!"

This feeling. Sun Rong feels that maybe Er Ha is difficult to understand.

What kind of mood is it specifically? Sun Rong himself can't tell.

Every time she sends a text message, she always frantically struggles with her wording. She is afraid that what she says will embarrass Wang Ling...

After a few hours, it turned out to be a very simple sentence. It was revised hundreds of times. In the end, it was not sent out...it was all stored in the draft box.

"Can you let me see your phone?" At this time, Er Ha asked.

It knows. This is actually a very rude question.

"What are you going to do?" Sun Rong asked.

"I just want to see what you have written. I can convey your meaning better!" Er Ha showed a kind smile.

"That's okay...but don't flip through it." Sun Rong carefully handed over the phone.

Er Ha stared at the phone. He was shocked by the number on the text message box: "You actually typed 218?"

"I...I really just didn't know what to say..."Sun Rong was also helpless.

Just as she was about to take her phone back, she suddenly saw Er Ha pressing the dog's paw.

"Er Ha. What are you doing!"Sun Rong quickly snatched the phone back.

"Hey! It's nothing. I'm just helping you."

At this time, the expression on Er Ha's face was cunning.

Sun Rong was anxious. His face was red: "Er Ha!! You...you...why did you send them all!!!"

"You don't have the courage to send it. Let me help you. Select them all and send them. What a big deal."

After finishing speaking, Er Ha tailed calmly: "Monk. Let's go!"

"Okay Benefactor Ha."

The monk nodded. He was suppressing a smile and looked like he was watching the fun.

...

A few seconds later, Wang Ling's phone's mailbox exploded...

Sun Rong's text messages were sent one after another.

"Wang Ling. This time... thank you very much..."

"Classmate Wang Ling. I seem to understand you a little. You have such huge power. It must be very painful, right?"

"Classmate Wang Ling! Thank you for the Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube! Aohai has been upgraded! It's very useful!"

"Wang Ling. I...like you..."





Chapter 1377: Full of Tiger and Wolf Words


More than two hundred text messages flooded into the mailbox. Wang Ling almost thought his phone was a ghost.

These are all messages from Sun Rong.

Thanks...like...

Because the text messages jumped too frequently. Wang Ling probably scanned a few keywords.

He guessed that Sun Rong was probably thanking himself for giving away the Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube.

However, in Wang Ling's opinion, this little thing really doesn't need to be thanked.

To him, the Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube is like taking an exam. He takes it as casually as the eraser taken by his deskmate next door.

This is not a valuable thing at all.

So. Do you want to reply?

Wang Ling wants to say two words: It's okay.

Others have sent more than 200 messages. It would seem a bit rude to pretend that I didn't see it.

But when I put my finger on it.

Wang Ling hesitated again.

"..."

After revising it two or three times, Wang Ling stared at the ellipses in the reply box and fell into deep thought.

"You have today too?" Wang Ying laughed.

Then he reached out directly and pressed the send button for Wang Ling.

"?"

Wang Ling stared at Wang Ying. He didn't know whether he couldn't lift the knife or whether Wang Ying was drifting away.

But since the text message has been sent, let's just accept it as it comes.

Anyway, it's just a series of ellipses.

"Your Majesty, come here."

At this time, Wang Ling heard Father Wang's call from inside the study.

He didn't think much about it. He put the phone on the table and walked over quickly.

...

Because of Er Ha, all the more than two hundred messages in the manuscript box were dumped out at once.

The girl was ashamed and annoyed. Even after Er Ha and the monk left, her body temperature still did not drop.

She hugged the pillow and lay on the bed. She buried her face deeply into the pillow.

That's... more than 200 pieces of information...

There were many words in it that she wanted to say but did not have the courage to say.

As a result, now, everything has been sent out...

Classmate Wang Ling. Didn't you see everything?

Sun Rong felt anxious.

"You haven't replied yet..." After a while, Sun Rong moved half of his face out of the pillow and stared at Sun Ying'er on the side.

"No."

Sun Ying'er held her cell phone in her hand and stared at the mailbox like a searchlight. She sighed: "Hey, you two are so troublesome. If you want to see it, you can see it yourself. If you want me to help you keep an eye on it."

"But just in case...just in case..."

"So Rongrong is afraid of being rejected? But I don't think there is any chance. Ling Zhenren has always been stupid. Even if he sees it, he doesn't feel much. Rongrong's confession through text messages is too pale! You should just hug him and chew on him!" Sun Ying'er chuckled.

"What did you say..." Sun Rong buried his face again.

About a few seconds passed.

Sun Rong's mobile phone made two "ding dong" sounds.

"Reply Rongrong!" Sun Ying'er said excitedly: "There are actually two replies!!!"

"Two?"Sun Rong was surprised.

Classmate Wang Ling...when did you have so many words?

Sun Ying'er said: "The first one is the ellipsis."

Sun Rong asked: "What about the second item?"

Sun Ying'er: "The second one...he said. He likes you too!"

Hearing this. Sun Rong should have been happy.

But it's a pity. Such a contrasting text message style. It doesn't take much thinking to know that this is definitely not the work of classmate Wang Ling.

Sun RongAlthough I am looking forward to a reply, I am still a rational person.

She was worried that Wang Ling would be angry.

But facts have proven that this worry is completely unnecessary.

"Ellipsis... As expected of classmate Wang Ling." Sun Rong couldn't help laughing in his heart.

"Rongrong, what's wrong with you? Ling Zhenren replied that he also likes you..."

Sun Ying'er felt strange. She felt that Sun Rong did not seem as happy as he looked.

"The first one was sent by classmate Wang Ling. The second one was definitely not sent by him." The girl said calmly.

"It wasn't from Ling Zhenren?" Sun Ying'er suddenly thought of something: "Could it be..."

Someone who can appear next to Wang Ling at any time and has a motive for committing the crime. Sun Ying'er can only think of one person!

"It's the Master of Shadows." Sun Rong said.

She dared to vouch for this guess.

"This guy is so perverted! He actually used someone else's cell phone to send text messages! And he even teased you, Rongrong!" Sun Ying'er couldn't bear it anymore. She didn't know why she got so excited when Wang Ying was mentioned. An idea of resistance.

"Ying'er, don't be impulsive."Sun Rong saw Sun Ying'er getting angry. It felt a little funny.

"It's okay! Those who deserved the punishment have already been punished! Let me see what other excuses he can find! Humph!" Sun Ying'er was not to be outdone.

"..." Sun Rong.

Immediately, Sun Ying'er also started operating Sun Rong's mobile phone.

Just like that. The two shadows had the following conversation with each other on their master's mobile phone...

"Ah! Classmate Wang Ling! I'm so happy! Can you really date me?"

"That's great Sun Rong. It seems that we are really in love with each other! How about I come to your house now?"

"Coming to my house...isn't that good? I'd better go to classmate Wang Ling's house! I've admired classmate Wang Ling's biceps for a long time!"

"Really? Come on then. You can even touch it!"

"Is it really possible...Classmate Wang Ling..."

"Okay! You can also touch my chest and abdominal muscles... Sun Rong Girl, don't be embarrassed. Let's do this. I'm a boy. I decided to be more proactive. I'll come over and touch you now."

"You come here now???" Sun Ying'er was shocked. He was so frightened that he almost dropped his phone.

"Then you can find another place."

"Somewhere else?"

"For example, the moon you are familiar with."

Wang Ying sneered and replied.

Realizing that his identity has been revealed, Sun Ying'er decided not to pretend anymore!

She's going to show off her cards!

"Ouch! Wang Ying. You are so perverted! You are playing with Ling Zhenren's cell phone like this. Did Ling Zhenren make it!" Sun Ying'er typed quickly with her slender fingers, venting her full protest against Wang Ying.

"Ha. Woman! Are you playing with Sun Rong girl's mobile phone?" Wang Ying chuckled.

"I got Rongrong's permission!" Sun Ying'er said confidently

"Then these characters were also taught to you by Miss Sun? Huh?" Wang Ying typed.

"I just wanted to test how perverted you are! You actually asked to go to a girl's house and let her touch you... I didn't expect you to have such attributes." Sun Ying'er couldn't bear it anymore. Holding the phone in his hands Laugh out loud.

Sun Rong don't know what Sun Ying'er is laughing about.

She sat on the edge of the bed. She looked at Sun Ying'er, holding her cell phone and lying on the sofa with her head tilted up. She was smiling wildly.

However, this laughter did not last long at all.

Because the next moment...

Sun Ying'er was completely gone.

She was swept away directly by a black shadow.

It happened almost in the blink of an eye.

Wait for Sun Rong to react.

There was only one mobile phone left on the sofa.

Sun Ying'er passed away peacefully...





Chapter 1378 The spoiled Sun Ying'er


Father Wang called Wang Ling to the study room. It didn't take {his mind}Wang Ling to know that Father Wang was looking for him for composition.

Sure enough. Wang Ling saw Father Wang's computer interface in the study room. It happened to be frozen in the background of the composition review.

"Did you write this...?" Father Wang stared at Wang Ling. The expression on his face was a bit funny.

There's no way he wouldn't recognize his son's handwriting.

Wang Ling. It was Father Wang who had been training him since he was a child.

After all, Wang Ling was able to hold a pen right after he was born. Father Wang has felt that good calligraphy with beautiful hands can affect people's lives.

And this is actually a way to exercise control of strength.

At least. In terms of the strength of holding the pen. Now Wang Ling is sure.

The process of teaching writing is not easy. Looking back now, Father Wang still feels very bitter.

Those pens that were pinched off by Wang Ling in the process. Even if calculated at 1 yuan each, they could cover his royalties for several years...

"Xiao Lei sent me a text message earlier, asking me to take care of this composition. In fact, I have seen it a long time ago." Father Wang said with a smile.

He lit a cigarette and took a deep breath. The nicotine breath turned into smoke dragons and was spit out from Father Wang's mouth and nose.

Then, the smoke was inhaled into the lungs by Wang Ling, filtered into fresh oxygen, and flowed back into the study.

Although Father Wang was smoking, the whole study had no smell at all.

There is no need to worry about PM2.5 in the Wang Family Villa. So there is no need to buy an air purifier.

Wang Ling is ready-made.

This is the benefit of raising a son.

"Don't be nervous. We are now discussing with several reviewers. We want to send this essay to the creative library. I voted against it. You should know the reason better than me. After all, I am still your father. I still have to avoid suspicion."

"Yeah."Wang Ling nodded.

"I haven't finished what I said." Father Wang said: "Although I voted against it, it's useless. According to the principle of the minority obeying the majority, your essay will still be sent in in the end."

"..." Wang Ling.

"This is the final result of your essay. But I came to talk to you today. It's not just about the essay."

Father Wang thought for a moment and then raised his eyebrows.

He looked at Wang Ling with a deep look. There was a hint of meaning in his eyes: "How is your matter with Miss Sun?"

"..."

Hearing this. Wang Ling is already sweating.

"You have even seen big scenes like planet explosions. You are actually nervous about such a thing. As expected of you."

Father Wang was happy. He put the cigarette butt in the ashtray and twisted it a few times.

His eyes flashed slightly and his tone was quite free and unrestrained: "We, the boys of the Old Wang family, have never lacked love in our lives. However, we have always been more proactive. There are many active skills in love. In the end, you are all the same. I didn't inherit it. I added all the skill points to passive points."

"..."

"Your temperament is a bit like your mother's. When we met, your mother was also passive, but not as serious as you. At least I wrote a song and a few poems. In the end, she was moved."

Father Wang sighed and said: "Unrequited love is always the most tiring. I see that Miss Sun is deeply devoted to you. It is really not easy..."

Having said this, Father Wang paused. He was observing the expression of Wang Ling. When he saw that Wang Ling still looked neither sad nor happy, he said again: "I actually understand you. At this stage, you don't have good control over your power. If you date Miss Sun, you might hurt Miss Sun. In this case, it will be unrealistic to create humans..."

"..." Hearing this, Wang Ling's eyes finally couldn't help but twitch.

He felt that Father Wang was getting more and more outrageous!

"You're kidding." Father Wang laughed. He patted Wang Ling on the shoulder: "Thank you, son."

Wang Ling: "???"

"I want to add a wooden supporting character like an emotional idiot in the plot of my next novel. You have provided me with very good material. I have been observing your reaction just now. Not bad! The material was successfully drawn!"

Father Wang sincerely praised: "It is better to raise a son. He can be an air purifier. He can also be a tool man."

Wang Ling: "..."

Listen!

Is this what people say...

...

Saturday, December 5th.

Last night, Sun Ying'er was tortured by Wang Ying all night. She felt that her waist was about to collapse.

It wasn't until six o'clock in the morning that Wang Ying showed mercy and released her back.

"Rongrong..."

When Sun Ying'er returned home, she threw herself into Sun Rong's soft arms: "Wang Ying. He bullied me..."

She looked like she was crying. She seemed to have been greatly wronged. But there were no tears on her face.

Sun Rong On the contrary, maybe Ying'er... is quite happy?

"Then I. Send a message to classmate Wang Ling?" Sun Rong asked tentatively.

"Don't, don't, don't! This is a mess between the two of us. Where can I ask Ling Zhenren to take action? I think it's okay!" Sun Ying'er immediately raised his head.

"How do I feel? Are you quite happy?" Sun Rong couldn't help but smile.

"Who... who is happy! You are being held by a hand and forcibly touching your abdominal muscles. Are you willing? That's great! Wang Ying, he is a pure [beep], natural [beep], super [beep] !"

"Why do I feel like you didn't say everything you said?"

"Rongrong. Did you just hear the [beep] sound?"

"eh..."

"It's Wang Ying! He set up a keyword blocking spell for me. As long as I say he is [beep], it will become [beep]."

"I understand."

Sun Rong nodded. He couldn't help but laugh: "I think he's pretty good at Master of Shadows."

Sun Ying'er was about to cry but had no tears: "He said that this spell will count automatically. He also established a new rule. From now on, punishment will be based on the count. Every time he is blocked, he will receive 50 ball bangs. This Wang Ying [beep]! He is the only one [beep], can come up with such a way!"

"Stop it. You just said it seven times, it seems..."

"Isn't that...350 times..."

Sun Ying'er almost gave up the idea of resisting: "I chopped off the waist and gave it to him!"

Sun Rong: "..."

"Hey. Actually, there is a reason why I feel so uncomfortable."

At this time, Sun Ying'er sighed: "Wang Ying, let alone him being arrogant to me. Anyway, no one else saw me in such a mess... But last night, I was hit by him. By a person I saw it! She is still a girl! I also want to save face!"

"Girl? Which girl?"

"It's Miss Ajuan! The one who pushed me back with the phone screen protector!"

"It's her!" Sun Rong also remembered: "But... isn't the location where the Master of Shadows took you to the ball dong deep to the west of the extraterrestrial galaxy... How could Miss Ajuan appear there?"

"have no idea."

Sun Ying'er shook her head. Then she said seriously: "I suspect she is jealous of me. She also wants to touch Wang Ying."

Hearing the words. Sun Rong slowly issued a "?."

Has her shadow finally been destroyed...





Chapter 1379 The out-of-control Heavenly Dao star


Sun Rong feels that maybe even Sun Ying'er herself didn't think of it. In fact, she has a good impression of Wang Ying.

And she even felt that it was not just Sun Ying'er who felt towards Wang Ying. Wang Ying also felt the same way towards Ying'er.

What Wang Ying is doing to Sun Ying'er now is like a boy in school who can't figure out his feelings pulling the pigtails of the girl in front of him.

Boys habitually use pranks to attract girls' attention.

So in a sense, Wang Ying's emotional expression is that of a three year old Shadow. Although he is very proactive, it is obvious that he has not figured out the real position of Sun Ying Er in his mind.

Of course. The above is just Sun Rong's own understanding.

Facing what happened between the two shadows. Sun Rong Although I have never seen it with my own eyes, I mostly only heard about it from Sun Ying'er's mouth.

But Sun Rong still feels a bit envious deep in his heart.

Even though the way Shadow expresses his feelings is a bit childish, it doesn't make sense that it's something that Shadow would eat up!

Expression is better than no expression at all!

"Wang Ling. How long can I wait for you?" Sun Rong smiled bitterly in his heart.

While thinking about things, Sun Ying'er's chirping voice was automatically cut off. When Sun Rong came back to her senses, she only heard Sun Ying'er asking her after a period of powerful analysis: "So Rongrong. I think my analysis is correct. Miss Ajuan must have a crush on Wang Ying!"

Sun Rong couldn't help but laugh. This sounded quite angry. But she didn't know why she could smell...a strong smell of vinegar?

"Miss Ajuan is a good girl. She can't have such thoughts. You are thinking too much! She must have other things." Sun Rong said.

"Rongrong! Why are your elbows turned outwards?"

Sun Ying'er was unhappy: "You can't favor Miss Ajuan just because she is a staunch LingRong Party."

"What...what LingRong Party?" Sun Rong's face turned red again.

"You guys! Anyone with a discerning eye knows that almost all the members of the Office of Strategic Deception are now LingRong Party! The whole world is assisting. Of course Miss Ajuan is no exception! Hehe!" Sun Ying'er's eyes revealed a bit of cunning.

Sun Rong was speechless by his own shadow. He held it in for a long time. Finally, he shyly scolded: "Take care of your house, Wang Ying!"

While the two were discussing, Sun Rong suddenly found that his nails suddenly vibrated.

She thought it was because she had delayed her homework for too long. The teacher came to urge her homework. As a result, she found that she was pulled into the [Office of Strategic Deception Core Member Working Group].

And the person who pulled him was none other than Zhuo Yi.

Zhuo Yi: "Welcome Sun Rong school girl! We will all be a family from now on! [hug][hug]"

Lord Diulei: "Welcome Miss Sun Rong! [Rose]"

Fang Xing: "Welcome."

Crispy Noodles Dao Lord: "[Smiles] I also wanted to attract Miss Sun before. But due to my busy work schedule, I always forget. However, General Zhuo is considerate."

Sun Rong: "Thank you everyone! But is it appropriate for me to join in like this?"

Jin Deng: "As a poor monk, I would have expected Miss Sun to join the group."

Xiao Yin: "Where is MASTER! Why don't you come out and say something?"

Lord Diulei: "There is a high probability that your brother is peeking at the screen. Of course. There is also a very small chance that he is embarrassed to see Miss Sun."

Er Ha: "Come on. Your Majesty is still shy? He is like a wooden person. Can you imagine him hugging a pillow and coyly squirming like a maggot on the bed?"

Everyone chatting in front of the screen couldn't help but "hiss..." when they saw this sentence.

The picture was so beautiful. They couldn't imagine it.

And at the next moment, the system prompt came: [Member ‘Er Ha' has been banned by the administrator ‘Ling Zhenren' for 6 hours]

Everyone laughed bitterly in their hearts.

Ling Zhenren. Sure enough, you are peeking at the screen!

Although Er Ha was severely punished, what he said just now is indeed a bit excessive.

As a pet, how can you openly talk about your owner in the group?

Sure enough, after successfully being promoted to a mythical beast, I was still a little confused.

Lord Diulei: "This time I chose to hold a meeting in the group. It is also to discuss the collection of materials for the new Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube and the possible revenge mechanism of the old Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube. I have discussed the material collection privately with senior Jin Deng .I still need to trouble senior Jin Deng to pay more attention to this matter."

Jin Deng nodded and typed: "It is a matter of concern to all the people in the world. It is the responsibility of the poor monk."

Lord Diulei: "Then below. I will initiate a one-touch call. Connect with Miss Ajuan. Make a temporary call with the members of our group. Miss Ajuan, please say hello to everyone!"

"Na na na? Can you hear me?"

The familiar sound of the old suona came, making everyone involuntarily feel a very intimate feeling.

Last night she explored the depths of the extraterrestrial galaxy. It was not because she really went there for Wang Ying. She did have important matters to deal with.

If he were not helpless, Ajuan would never choose to ask the Office of Strategic Deception for help at this time.

The King of the Divine Realm also wants to save face.

God Realm and the Heavenly Dao star attached to the God Realm. Although it is currently in a cooperative relationship with the Office of Strategic Deception, Ms. Ajuan will never ask anyone else for help unless it is absolutely necessary.

"So what happened?" Lord Diulei asked.

"This incident happened quite suddenly. To put it simply, Heavenly Dao star is a little out of control at the moment." Miss Ajuan said.

This matter gave her quite a headache. The main reason was that until now, she, not even the King of the God Realm, could figure out what went wrong, which caused the Heavenly Dao planet to go out of control.

Lord Diulei: "What are the specific manifestations of loss of control?"

"In order to expand the territory of Heavenly Dao, the Lord of Heavenly Dao made Heavenly Dao absorb other planets and forcibly merged the major planets."

Miss Ajuan said: "It's like a big fish eating a small fish. After absorbing other planets, the Heavenly Dao planet became bigger and bigger. It merged with thousands of different cosmic creatures. It was ruled by the Shenlong tribe. What happened later Everyone knows about it. We were sanctioned by Ling Zhenren..."

Lord Diulei nodded: "Everyone remembers this. However, as the King of the God Realm, Miss Ajuan is indeed fulfilling her responsibilities very well. She led the development of Heavenly Dao and changed her mind. She began to take the maintenance of peace as her own responsibility."

"This is also a kind of atonement. It is for this reason that I was elected."

Miss Ajuan sighed: "Heavenly Dao used to swallow other planets. This was with our instructions. But now...Heavenly Dao started to swallow other planets without any instructions at all! And the speed of swallowing. Much faster than before!!"

"When did it start to get out of hand?"

"yesterday!"

These words made Lord Diulei think deeply.

Because the upgrade of Aohai happened to be completed yesterday.

If he guessed correctly.

The phenomenon of the Heavenly Dao star going out of control is probably closely related to the "Revenge of the Rubik's Cube."

So now. The problem comes again.

If there is a connection between the two.

The existence of the Heavenly Dao star is actually very mysterious.

This is obviously an affiliated planet under the God Realm. It can actually be related to Heavenly Dao...

"Heavenly Dao. Wasn't it created by God?"

At this time, Lord Diulei raised his head and asked boldly: "Miss Ajuan, please tell the truth."

Miss Ajuan was obviously silent for a moment.

Then, she replied: "The Heavenly Dao star was actually given to Old God by Dao Ancestor Wang as a token of love..."





Chapter 1380 I do!


Hearing this, everyone couldn't help but feel amazed.

He actually gave me a planet as a token of love.

This kind of style is indeed in line with Dao Ancestor Wang's own handwriting.

"Old God. Does it refer to the previous God Realm King?" At this time, Lord Diulei asked.

"Yes." Miss Ajuan nodded. She recalled many things over and over: "But the Old God has already emerged. After emerging, the God Realm has been without a master for a long time. It was only recently that the Old God's will chose me. Then .I became the new King of the God Realm."

"That's it." Everyone in the Office of Strategic Deception nodded.

"Isn't it also a power transition mechanism that is activated?" Sun Ying'er interjected.

This method is very familiar to Sun Ying'er. Because the inheritance on the Void side is also like this. The old Void Lord can pass on his power to the next generation.

This method of inheritance is also called the "power transition mechanism." The advantage is that 100% of the power of the previous generation can be passed on to the next generation.

However, there is also an obvious flaw: inheritance takes too long.

So during this period, you have to survive.

If you die during the inheritance process, then the previous generation will have to find a new successor. And the power that has been transferred will be in vain. It cannot return to the original body...

"That's right. So my power is still slowly being inherited! The more power I inherit, the more wings I have behind me." Miss Ajuan said.

The main reason why she worked so hard to be attentive to Wang Ling before. This is also the main purpose.

Before inheriting 100% of the power of Old God, if Ajuan can hold Ling Zhenren's thigh, he can successfully complete the entire inheritance ceremony.

"Although I have become the new King of the God Realm, I still don't know why Old God chose me."

At this time, Miss Ajuan sighed: "I'm still too young! Now the Heavenly Dao star is out of control. I have no choice at all!"

Lord Diulei has basically understood the situation.

The current situation on Heavenly Dao is out of control. It is obviously not Miss Ajuan's fault.

After all, no one would have thought that after the destruction of the Unspeakable Land, the Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube would cause an imbalance in the power of chaos in the universe.

And now the Heavenly Dao star is beginning to devour other planets out of control. It is very likely that it is also the revenge of the Rubik's Cube.

Wang Ling quietly listened to the messages in the group.

He already knows the reason why the Heavenly Dao star is out of control.

Since the Heavenly Dao star is related to Dao Ancestor Wang. Dao Ancestor Wang gave this planet to the God Realm Old God as a token of love... Then it is very likely that there is something hidden in the Heavenly Dao star. Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube.

Wang Ling quickly sent this speculation privately to Lord Diulei.

The two people's thoughts were almost as if they had withdrawn.

Lord Diulei: "Brother Ling just had a private chat with me and expressed his opinion. He feels that there is probably a Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube hidden in the Heavenly Dao star."

Miss Ajuan was startled: "Ah? Really?"

"To prevent the Heavenly Dao star from spiraling out of control, we must first find the Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube and suppress the riots in the Rubik's Cube."

Lord Diulei said: "But Brother Ling also said it. It is easy to take out the Rubik's Cube... but it is more troublesome to do it without destroying the Heavenly Dao star. The best way is to send people deep into the Heavenly Dao star. Searching, but this matter, has certain dangers."

At this time, Zhuo Yi asked: "What about Master's opinion?"

Crispy Noodles Dao Lord replied: "The Lord's plan is to let Er Ha go. It has become a mythical beast. This is just an experience."

Xiao Yin: "But! I want to go too!"

Crispy Noodles Dao Lord smiled and said: "Er Ha still has half of the spirit of the mythical beast that has not been absorbed. The Lord wants Xiao Yin to enter the land of retrospect during this period and absorb the remaining spirit. In this case, you can also enter the mythical beast. Sequenced."

At this time, Monk Jin Deng asked: "Since there is a risk, why not let the poor monk go together?"

"Senior has the task of collecting new Rubik's Cube materials. There is no need to bother Senior with finding the Rubik's Cube. However, Brother Ling really wants to find someone else to partner with Brother Gou. The two of them also have a mutual understanding."

Lord Diulei asked: "So. Does anyone come forward?"

"I do."

At this time, a voice that had been silent for a long time came.

A voice as sweet as the echo of a clear spring. It is the voice of Sun Rong.

"Eh? Sun Rong girl is going?" Ajuan was surprised.

"When she rescued me before, Miss Ajuan worked hard and put in a lot of effort. So, I'm willing to give it a try."

Sun Rong nodded and said: "There is Er Ha, Ying'er and the upgraded Aohai. I am very confident about it!"

On the one hand, she wants to pay off the favor of Miss Ajuan.

On the other hand, this is indeed a rare experience.

"Since Sun Rong girl has come forward, our Office of Strategic Deception will definitely help. This is indeed a rare opportunity for experience."

Lord Diulei said: "But there is only one day left before Number 60 High School resumes school. Let's do this. Miss Sun will go and look for it first. The deadline will be the resumption day. If nothing is found before then, how about replacing someone? That's okay. It can guarantee Miss Sun's safety."

"I understand! I won't let you seniors down!" Sun Rong's voice sounded particularly confident during the group call.

Although now. She is the strongest Foundation Building period on earth.

But she doesn't want to do a Foundation Building period forever.

Maybe in terms of realm strength, she will never be able to catch up with Wang Ling.

However, Sun Rong is willing to work hard to shorten the gap between them.

A healthy love will never make a person become depressed or even regress.

Chasing hard and influencing each other so that each other becomes more mature and better people than before is the correct way to start a relationship.

Chasing Wang Ling. It is destined to be a long process.

But she.

But he is willing to do it.

"Sun Rong Junior School Girl. Your lines are wrong!"

At this time, the voice of Zhuo Yi came, interrupting the girl's thoughts.

Sun Rong is puzzled: "What's the problem?"

"Hey hey hey! According to the normal routine. Shouldn't you confess your love before departure? For example..."

Zhuo Yi smiled. He imitated the voice of a girl. He deliberately made his voice very thin. He tried his best to imitate Sun Rong's tone and said, "Classmate Wang Ling! Wait until I come back." I will marry you!"

Sun Rong: "Senior Zhuo!! This is a big group..."

Zhuo Yi ignored it at all. Instead, he imitated Wang Ling's voice: "Classmate Sun Rong. Will you marry me!"

Then, the voice of Sun Rong came: "I do!"

"What's going on?"

Everyone in the crowd looked confused.

Zhuo Yi: "This is the recording made when Miss Sun agreed to do the task. I recorded it."

Sun Rong: "..."

Lord Diulei: "Brother Zhuo...I'm very curious. Why were you not sanctioned by my brother?"

Zhuo Yi: "I know my master too well. At this time, it is the time for him to eat crispy noodles. He will not watch the group. He just left after his private chat with Zhenjun."

Everyone marveled: "..."

All I can say is that Zhuo Yi is indeed Ling Zhenren's direct disciple.

A man who can go crazy on the verge of death and get absolutely nothing wrong...

He knows Wang Ling so well!

Then in the group. Zhuo Yi became even bolder.

He continued to use Wang Ling's voice and Sun Rong's "I do" recording to inhumanely tease his schoolgirl.

"Then classmate Sun Rong. Whether you are born, old, sick or dead. Are you willing to follow me?"

"I do!"

...

"So classmate Sun Rong. Are you willing to give birth to a monkey for me in the future?"

"I do!"

"..."

Sun Rong covered his face and exited the call.

She is so difficult!

It was so early in the morning that my shadow was destroyed.

What she said in the group was actually recorded again. Then Senior Zhuo ruined it!

New people join the group. Sure enough, there are pitfalls everywhere!

It seems that I have to be more careful what I say in the future.

What if it causes trouble to classmate Wang Ling? This would be bad...





Chapter 1381 3 women, 1 drama


Flirting with his schoolgirl. Then observing Sun Rong's reaction. It seems to Zhuo Yi that it is indeed a very interesting thing.

"Brother Zhuo Yi, I think your brother will lay off you in nine out of ten cases." Lord Diulei laughed helplessly, he could only use four words to describe Zhuo Yi's various behaviors, that is , lose (gan/喪) heart (de/心) sick (piao/病) crazy (liang/狂).

"Don't worry. I'll be fine."

Zhuo Yi smiled old-fashionedly.

He estimated that the time was almost up, so he began to use his administrative rights to clear all the chat records in the group with one click.

Not even a recording backup of the group call was left. Not the slightest trace was left for Wang Ling.

At this time, Wang Ling returned to the group. He saw that the group was empty. It was obvious that the meeting had ended. Out of boredom, he left a string of ellipses. Then he slipped away again.

Zhuo Yi. Indeed, it has not been sanctioned.

He calculates all time accurately...

"..." In front of the screen. All the core members of the Office of Strategic Deception were stunned.

I didn't expect this kind of operation exists.

...

There was not much time left for Sun Rong. Without further ado, she decided to set off quickly with Miss Ajuan.

Before leaving, Sun Rong wrapped Aohai's sword energy around his body to prevent accidents.

Ajuan found the cautious reaction amusing: "Miss Sun, don't be so nervous. Your body has been blessed by a monk. There will be no problem even if you walk in space."

Ajuan has already seen how powerful the monk's consecration technique is. Even if it is not as good as Wang Ling's enlightenment technique, the girl's current physical strength is still enough to move in space.

"Lord Boundary King, you don't have to call me Miss Sun. Just call me Rongrong like Ying'er."

"Okay! That's really too foreign. Then just call me Ajuan!"

The two women looked at each other and smiled. Immediately, Ajuan took out a set of blue French skirts and said, "Rongrong, please put this outfit on!"

"This is?"

"A +0 anti-world level dress. It's not a valuable thing anyway." Ajuan said: "Although your body can now withstand the pressure of space, your clothes can't. With this anti-world level dress skirt. It's much more convenient."

"Ah! This is so expensive!"Sun Rong was slightly surprised.

She is in the Foundation Building stage. She can actually use an anti-realm magic weapon...

His grandfather's ancestral stick didn't meet this standard either!

"It's okay. You helped me a lot this time," Ajuan said.

"But it's not done yet."Sun Rong was still a little embarrassed.

"Take it. You don't have to be polite to me." Ajuan smiled.

In fact, in her opinion, Sun Rong volunteered to go. This is already half the story...

This is the character Ling Zhenren tried his best to protect.

She's gone. Even if something goes wrong in the end, can Ling Zhenren still sit back and not take action?

As a young King of the Divine Realm, Ajuan hated all of this.

Besides, she is already the King of the God Realm!

She can still get this thing.

For high-level cultivators.

If the anti-world magic weapon is not fused with the power of chaos, it will be just like a toy. In fact, there is not much difference.

An anti-realm magic weapon that incorporates the power of chaos. That is a valuable thing.

As for the "+0" mentioned by Ajuan, it is actually a standard for judging the power of chaos against boundary-level magic weapons.

Taking 10% as the limit. For every 10% of the power of chaos that an anti-world-level magic weapon possesses, the level will be "+1."

The larger the number, the more valuable the opponent-level magic weapon is.

"Come Rongrong. I'll change it for you!"

Sun Ying'er looked at this beautiful blue dress with starry eyes on her face.

She doesn't need to change clothes. Because Sun Rong changes clothes. Her own clothes will also change.

However, this change is limited to changes in style. The colors are still mainly black, white and gray.

This is the pain of being a shadow.

The photos taken look like portraits...

Therefore, learning to enjoy hardship is also a required course for a qualified shadow.

This skirt is not a long skirt. The hem only reaches above the knees. When Sun Rong put on the skirt, she faced the custom-fitting dressing mirror in front of her, perfectly showing off a pair of slender, white legs.

"Leg control is a blessing!" Sun Ying'er admired from the side.

While helping Sun Rong zip up the back of her skirt, Sun Ying'er smirked and made a sneak attack on Sun Rong's chest muscles.

"What are you doing Ying'er!"Sun Rong felt a little embarrassed about being touched.

"It's not bad Rongrong. It doesn't look big, but it actually feels good in the hand." Sun Ying'er said with a smile, "I'm helping you get used to it in advance!"

"What are you used to... talking nonsense again!" Sun Rong said angrily.

But soon. Sun Rong's mood gradually returned to calm.

Although Sun Ying'er has not been around her for a long time, her lively and naughty temperament. Sun Rong has been completely understood.

Completely different styles from myself...

She couldn't punish Sun Ying'er's behavior. But as the master, there were still ways to deal with Sun Ying'er. Sun Rong.

After putting on the skirt, Sun Rong turned around in the mirror and said casually: "You... can't be like me. Be more dignified? You are so naughty. Be careful Master of Shadows to find someone else."

When these words came out of his mouth, Sun Ying'er didn't have much reaction on his face: "Humph! Well, you can look for whoever you like! I don't care about it!"

That's what Sun Ying'er said, but in fact, he was really panicking.

She didn't know why she felt an uncomfortable feeling in her heart after hearing these words. It was as if there was a mouthful of blood in her chest that couldn't be released for a while.

Sun Ying'er felt like she was becoming a little abnormal.

Obviously that guy has done so many excessive things to himself...

But when she thought about that guy really ignoring her in the future, she actually felt a sense of loss.

Then. Sun Ying'er shut down at the speed of light. She turned into a black shadow again. She huddled up under Sun Rong's body...

"Ying'er..."

Sun Rong thinks Sun Ying'er is really interesting. He can be scared so easily. It shows that his mind is still too simple.

No wonder Wang Ying likes to "bully" her so much.

"Then Ajuan, let's go." He was fully prepared. Sun Rong held Aohai tightly and said.

Heavenly Dao's Rubik's Cubes have the ability to sense each other. Sun Rong thinks it may not be difficult to find the Rubik's Cube.

When a Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube is fused into Aohai's body, the sword energy formed by Aohai is actually a pure natural radar!

"Yeah! Let's go now!" Ajuan nodded.

"What about Er Ha?"

"It told me. Lord Ma will send it directly. We will meet outside the main city of God Realm." Miss Ajuan finished. Sun Rong saw glowing feathers in her room Float down.

Immediately afterwards, a teleportation ring appeared on the carpet in the bedroom.

"Let's go." Ajuan said.

At this time, Sun Rong noticed that Ajuan's appearance seemed to have changed: "Why the disguise?"

"Hey. I am the Kaiou of the Divine Realm. Is there anyone on Heavenly Dao who doesn't know me? Those people have to kowtow three times when they see me. If I go there directly as a Kaiou, I won't be able to bear all the kowtows all the way! And it's too high-profile. It's not conducive to action!" Ajuan said.





Chapter 1382 Tiankeng and the 2nd Rubik's Cube


Because the identity of the King of the Divine Realm needs to be hidden, Ajuan cannot teleport directly in from the front.

She took Sun Rong on a road leading to the main city.

This road is very wide, but not smooth. There are mountains and mountains along the way. The hundred-meter-high Heavenly Dao ancient tree stands tall. Those branches block out the sky and the sun, giving it a sense of prehistoric times.

Ajuan summoned two huge rabbits as mounts. Each of them rode on the road one at a time. The rabbits moved very fast. However, you would not feel any bumps when sitting on them.

These are two old mounts carefully cultivated by Ajuan. The two rabbit ears on the top of the head will gently support the buttocks during movement, making it almost impossible to feel the impact when landing.

"Hey! It's so good!" At this time, Sun Ying'er sighed.

She was obviously autistic before setting off.

But it looks like he has a strong ability to adjust his mood...

"What's so good?" Sun Rong asked.

"This rabbit can actually touch Rongrong's butt! I'm so sore!" Sun Ying'er said: "Rongrong, imagine it. What if the ears underneath are not rabbit's but Ling Zhenren's..."

"Shut up..."

At this time, many figures appeared in front.

Sun Rong saw many lizardman guards passing by.

These are the ordinary patrol guards on Heavenly Dao.

When they saw Ajuan's rabbit, these guards consciously stepped aside.

After the Heavenly Dao star went out of control, the Shenlong tribe organized a large number of guards.

They are responsible for organizing the alien creatures that were accidentally swallowed up by the Heavenly Dao planet in an orderly manner.

Temporarily gather somewhere for resettlement.

"Previously, Heavenly Dao planet annexed too many alien planets. As a result, there are all kinds of completely different alien creatures and alien civilizations on Heavenly Dao planet. Now Heavenly Dao planet has finally returned to normal. Unexpectedly, we encountered another alien planet. Something got out of control."

Ajuan sighed. Then she told Sun Rong.

This rabbit is a special mount for the nobles on the Heavenly Dao planet. People from the Shenlong tribe have to avoid it after seeing it.

"So Ajuan, you are a noble now?"Sun Rong sat comfortably on the rabbit and said with a smile.

"Na na! Pretending is a disguise. But I can't pretend to be too outrageous. It's not easy to pretend to be a poor man or something. Then I will run into trouble. I have to reveal my identity as the King of Kai. Isn't this more important? Is it troublesome?"

Ajuan touched the rabbit fur and said, "It will be much more convenient when the divine rabbit is here. They will only appear in two places in the divine realm."

"Which two places?"

"Under the asses of the nobles. And in the restaurant." Ajuan said: "The spicy rabbit head is delicious!"

"Meal. Restaurant..."Sun Rong.

She felt these rabbits were so pitiful.

"They are all divine rabbits who have made mistakes or died. They actually wish they could be eaten." Ajuan said with a smile: "Being enjoyed by gods can lead to reincarnation and reincarnation in advance."

...

In front of the main city area. Sun Rong saw the emerald green figure from a distance.

Er Ha has been waiting there for a long time. Lord Ma's transmission was too accurate and did not make Er Ha take many detours. It had arrived about a quarter of an hour before Sun Rong arrived.

"You came so fast. Er Ha!" Er Ha jumped up and climbed onto the back of the divine rabbit.

Sun Rong hugged Er Ha and couldn't help but rub her face.

"You came too slowly! So why don't you let Lord Ma send you here?" Er Ha said.

"Ajuan took me to see a lot of the scenery of Heavenly Dao along the way. It felt a bit like the prehistoric times written in the book." Sun Rong replied: "Of course. It's also possible that the author did it for the sake of word count."

A clue revealed. This made Er Ha suddenly realize: "The main city is different. It's quite modern."

"Have you been here?"

"Have you never eaten pork before, or seen a pig run? Earlier, your little piggy came here with the Bai Qiao girl, and then the Bai Qiao girl fused all the scenes of the Divine Path Star into her Cultivation Simulator." Er Ha said.

Mentioning {Cultivation Simulator}. Er Ha heard that Bai Qiao is about to start a public beta without deleting files. It will definitely be popular by then.

Previously. It remembered that Wang Ling set up a character named "Qin Zhong" for itself.

After the official open beta, this "Qin Zhong" will appear as an NPC as an Easter egg in the game.

After following Ajuan into the main city, Sun Rong saw a place in front of the Shenlong people to pick up and stay. It looked like a Heidi driver who arrived at a certain city station and asked outsiders if they wanted to take a taxi.

However, these Shenlong tribe members did not disturb Sun Rong them. The Shenlong rabbit is a symbol of nobility. The aristocrats in the main city are either rich or noble. They are very sensible and know that they cannot afford to offend them.

"Boom!"

An unexpected roar came from the front. Even the earth was trembling. A group of black-armored guards protecting the city passed by on ancient lizard beasts several meters long. They seemed to be handling some urgent matters.

"Everyone, get out of the way!"

These ancient lizard beasts were tall and ferocious. They were extremely huge, but they moved extremely fast. They quickly rushed forward with this group of black-armored guards.

"Hey. It seems like something big is happening ahead." Ajuan frowned.

The black armor in the heart of the city will not be dispatched easily. These are very powerful Shenlong tribesmen. Once they gather together, it means that something major will happen that cannot be solved by ordinary guards.

"I can feel the resonance." At this time, Sun Rong said.

From the moment she entered the city center, she felt Aohai constantly vibrating.

"Have you already resonated?" Ajuan was surprised.

Sun Rong nodded. She spread Aohai's sword energy. Following the guidance of the resonance, she let the divine rabbit below lead her there.

In the process of pursuit, Sun Rong discovered that they were actually following the group of black-armored guards who hurriedly passed through the market.

When they reached the place where the resonance was strongest, Black Armor stopped. The Divine Rabbit following behind also stopped.

The scene in front of them shocked the three women.

This is the direction in front of the shrine near the center of the city. A huge sinkhole actually appeared there!

The radius is about a hundred feet long!

"There is something strange about this sinkhole." Er Ha instinctively sensed the danger of this sinkhole.

"I'm afraid it has something to do with the Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube." Sun Rong affirmed.

She could feel that the sword energy emitted by her Aohai was being sucked into the sinkhole in front of her.

"What's going on with this sinkhole?" Miss Ajuan asked a black armored man.

The black armor was a little impatient. But when he saw the sacred rabbit sitting under Ajuan, he still answered honestly: "It fell suddenly. The number of casualties is not limited for the time being."

There was cold sweat on his forehead. He obviously didn't know how to deal with the matter in front of him.

Ajuan nodded: "Na na! I order you. Immediately organize manpower and seal off the surrounding area. Complete the evacuation of the surrounding area as soon as possible. Leave this to us."

She immediately turned her gaze to the sinkhole in front of her.

This sinkhole is very dangerous. It exudes a very terrifying atmosphere of laws. The Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube is in the sinkhole.

Although the cause is unknown.

But for now, I can only go down and find out in person.

"Rongrong. Are you ready?" Ajuan asked at this time.

"No problem!" Sun Rong cheered up.

"Jump!" Ajuan ordered.

The divine rabbit they sat down jumped directly into the sinkhole without any hesitation.

...

"Holy shit, Captain! They really jumped... I read that right! And that human girl seems to be only in the Foundation Building stage! Do you dare to jump like this?" I watched helplessly as Sun Rong jumped. 1 The black-armored guard was shocked.

"Don't even look at it. Follow the instructions of the adult just now. Let's organize the evacuation." At this time, the captain of the black-armored guard frowned and then said.

"But they are just nobles. It seems they have no right to interfere with our actions..."

"Stupid! Didn't you hear the 'na na' from the curly-haired girl just now?"

The black-armored captain asked: "How many old suonas are there on our planet Heavenly Dao?"

"It turns out to be...Lord Boundary King!"

Only then did all the black-armored guards suddenly realize.

But they still couldn't figure it out. Why did the King of Kai bring a girl from the Foundation Building stage here...

What's the use of the Foundation Building period? You're looking for death if you come here!





Chapter 1383 Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube Secret Room


The sinkhole is very deep. Sun Rong used sword energy to test it.

The vertical distance from here to the deepest point at the bottom is at least 20,000 meters.

While falling, she saw a few Shenlong clan members clinging to the protruding rock wall and lying on the steep rock wall.

These are the people who fell into the sinkhole at the moment it was formed.

And it's pretty lucky.

They caught the rock protrusion of the stone wall and saved their lives.

I'm afraid more people will fall directly into the ground.

"Aohai!"Sun Rong couldn't bear it. Calling Aohai.

She used Aohai's sword energy to form a gentle sword flow, and sent back to the ground one by one the desperate Shenlong clan members she saw lying on the stone wall.

"The number of people who were directly thrown to death is probably in the tens of thousands." Er Ha only made a rough impression.

In such a large and deep sinkhole, there are countless souls floating nearby. It can feel it with incomparable clarity.

As a professional who relies on devouring souls all year round to strengthen himself, in terms of soul sensing ability, not counting Wang Ling, almost no one can match him.

"I will deal with these Shenlong tribesmen who died in vain. I will deal with them properly later. Rongrong, don't worry!" Ajuan sighed.

This is an unnecessary disaster. No one wants to see such a result.

"Will he be resurrected?"

"This can be a choice based on their own wishes." Ajuan said: "Reincarnation and resurrection are both paths. But I think most of the Shenlong clan members who die unexpectedly will choose reincarnation."

"If you can live here in the heart of the city, you should be a noble, right?"

"This is a matter of cultural beliefs. The Shenlong people have always believed that life can become better in the next life after reincarnation." Ajuan replied.

About two minutes passed. Sun Rong suddenly felt that something was wrong: "Ajuan. I have measured the depth of this sinkhole with sword energy. It stands to reason that we are close to the ground. But why are we still falling? ?"

Things are different!

Ajuan also found it strange. A string of rosary beads on her wrist was glowing. They were beads polished from the bones of the Old God. The beads were crystal clear and exuded powerful divinity.

She detached one of them from it, and then suddenly ejected it deep into the ground.

Powerful divine energy pours in like a spiritual sea, illuminating the abyss below with an unstoppable force.

Accompanied by countless divine feathers floating down with shining light.

Sun Rong felt that their falling speed suddenly slowed down a lot. There was a force entrenched at the feet of the divine rabbit, gently lifting them all up.

This is a divine cloud made from Old God rosary beads.

"What's going on?"Sun Rong was puzzled.

"Have you not noticed yet? We have entered the realm of Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube. In other words, we are now in the Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube." Er Ha said patiently, with a calm tone.

After all, considering that this is the first time for a girl to go on a mission, it is normal for her to have a lack of experience when facing various emergencies.

When practicing, you need to be able to ask questions without being ashamed.

This is the same as learning.

But if you think the author's writing is short, it's useless to urge you to update it, because it may be really short.

Er Ha's reminder can be said to wake up a dreamer.

Sun Rong held Aohai. He used Aohai to perceive the Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube again. However, he found that Aohai's sword energy no longer showed the same downward trend as it did at the beginning. Instead, it spread out in all directions.

This exactly supports what Er Ha said.

They are in the "Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube!"

Above the divine cloud, everyone stood here and stared around. It was pitch black nearby. The only light source was the luminous divine feathers floating down.

Now, the divine feather has become an excellent lighting object.

"Fortunately, I have more wings!" This situation actually made Ajuan feel a little proud.

Sun Rong, Er Ha: "..."

"I remember the monk told me that when they destroyed the Unspeakable Land, the Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube was a very small piece. It was easy to recover. What is happening now?" But the scene in front of him also made Ajuan Puzzled.

"At that time, the Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube was not missing. There were still nine complete pieces. Naturally, there was no riot due to mutual checks and balances. But now, when the checks and balances are lost, there is a chance that the other Rubik's Cubes will go berserk at any time."

Er Ha guessed: "If my guess is right. This is what Little Master Ling said. The Heavenly Dao secret room."

"Ling Zhenren said?"

"Before I came here, he gave me a brief introduction to the Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube. After all, he had to make a new Rubik's Cube. Little Master Ling was also understanding the structure of the Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube. Now we are swallowed by the Rubik's Cube. It's like being trapped in a secret room."

Er Ha said: "Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube. There are 26 secret rooms in total. The 26 secret rooms are connected in series. But only one of them has a real exit. eh... These are what Little Master Ling told me."

After all, this mission is carrying a new member who is going on a mission for the first time.

Before leaving. Wang Ling simply and rudely threw all his research notes on the Rubik's Cube to Er Ha.

Er Ha didn't dare to slack off. He wrote down everything he saw.

As Lord Diulei said.

This mission is indeed risky.

And understanding the Rubik's Cube is also to ensure that the task is foolproof.

Also in that research notebook. In addition to the information about Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube.

It also comes with a request from Wang Ling.

Although his Little Master Ling doesn't talk often, it is indeed the first time that he can write down so many notes for this mission...

Er Ha turned his head slightly. He stared at the face of the girl hugging him through the light of Shenyu.

Sun Rong is nervous.

It can be clearly noticed.

And the start of the mission is indeed not good for them.

But now that it has fully understood the structure of the Rubik's Cube, Er Ha is confident that under his own hint, he can finally escape from the secret room of the Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube and recover the second Rubik's Cube.

"Three elements to escape a secret room: door, clues, and key."

Er Ha said concisely and concisely: "Since the Heavenly Dao star is a token of love given to Old God by Dao Ancestor Wang, the secret room element must also be related to the story of the two."

"This is the abyss. What does the abyss represent?"

"The abyss usually indicates danger. Does that represent the relationship between Dao Ancestor Wang and Old God. It is very difficult?" Sun Rong guessed.

"That's not necessarily true." Sun Ying'er shook his head: "It may also refer to the Old God's abyssal mouth?"

"The abyss...a huge mouth?"Sun Rong was startled.

Immediately, she seemed to think of something embarrassing. Two balls of steam turned into long dragons and spurted out from her ears.

"Na na. Has she always been like this..."

Ajuan's face twitched, what kind of talk is this! !

Sun Rong held up her forehead: "I'm sorry Ajuan."

Ajuan: "Nah! As expected of Rongrong's shadow, it's true that she's the exact opposite of you..."

Regarding Sun Ying'er's dirty talk. Sun Rong is also very helpless.

But I have to say. Sun Ying'er's words actually gave Sun Rong some hints.

Since we want to crack the secret room, finding the door is the most important thing.

But now, since they can't see the door, maybe the door is hidden.

"I know!" thought of this. Sun Rong pulled out Aohai directly.

She grasped the hilt of the sword and suddenly threw it towards the bottomless abyss below.

At this moment, Aohai turned into a spear-like existence. The talisman light loomed on his body. It was powerful and frightening.

Then all we heard was a sound like breaking glass right below the abyss.

There was a hidden forbidden barrier there. It was pierced by Aohai!





Chapter 1384 How to prove that Ku Xuan did not save the manuscript


"The reincarnation ghost hits the wall...that's how it is!" Ajuan understood instantly.

It's not that the abyss is a bottomless pit.

It's because of the "reincarnation ghost wall" restriction below, which forces them to start falling again when they fall to a certain position, creating a kind of perpetual motion.

After realizing this, Sun Rong immediately took out his sword to break the restriction. As a result, the hidden entrance was released.

Aohai's sword itself has a Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube integrated into it!

Under the influence of the power of resonance, Aohai is an excellent tool to break restrictions!

"Walk!"

On the divine cloud. At this time, Ajuan gave an order.

The two divine rabbits led everyone into the passage leading to the second secret room.

The moment I looked for that person to jump in, the entrance immediately closed. It was sealed almost instantly.

When he came back to his senses, Sun Rong and others appeared in a cave.

"Rongrong. We succeeded!" Sun Ying'er became excited.

"That's not enough. It's not enough for us to know how to get through the chamber."

Sun Rong frowned and analyzed: "If it is true as Er Ha said, the 26 secret rooms are interconnected. As long as we don't know which secret room the real exit is, it will be useless even if we crack the mechanisms of all the secret rooms."

"Indeed." Er Ha nodded: "If we don't know which secret room the real exit is in, we will just be doing nothing if we go all the way."

"I think the clues for the exit must be related to the story of Dao Ancestor Wang and the Old God." Sun Rong said as he began to look at the environment of the second secret room. This is a very wide cave. But you can see the edge at a glance.

Three lamps hang on the stone wall near the cave.

"This is the eternal fire of the God Realm. It is a wick made by the Old God from divine feathers. One wick can burn for thousands of years. Even if it is accidentally extinguished, it can automatically rekindle within 3 seconds." Ajuan recognized it immediately. The origin of the wall lamp is revealed.

The structure of the entire cave is not complicated.

On the rock wall, there are three scrolls hanging.

The scroll glows. It seems to be fixed in mid-air, flowing with mysterious power.

These three women respectively symbolize three age groups.

The first scroll shows a child, about six years old.

She was wearing a red dress and a pair of black leather shoes. Her face was full of childishness. When she smiled, her pair of deeply sunken dimples made the girl look extremely cute.

The second picture is of a young girl. She is wearing a long red dress. Her skin is fair and her eyes are clear. She looks as beautiful as first love.

The third picture is of an old lady with a kind face. She is sitting in a rocking chair. She is covered with a burgundy blanket. The picture scroll shows a sense of déjà vu as time passes.

Three scrolls appeared side by side. They exuded a huge coercion...

"Who is the woman in the painting?" Sun Rong asked curiously.

"It can't be wrong! This is Old God! It's Old God in three stages of age!" Ajuan looked at the picture in front of him and couldn't help but look surprised.

She was sure that she had not made a mistake. The paintings in these three scrolls were indeed correct by Old God.

Dimples are the best proof.

"Oh, Old God is so beautiful!" And to Sun Rong's surprise, Ajuan actually sighed.

It was obvious that her power was given by the Old God. But this reaction was like seeing the Old God for the first time.

"Is this your first time meeting?" Sun Rong asked curiously.

"Yes. Only a very few people have seen the true form of the Old God."

Ajuan said: "The Old God I saw is already a skeleton. She has transcended the physical body and turned into an ancient god."

"What do you mean by the pink skull?" Er Ha laughed inwardly.

It looked at the three paintings in the cave and said: "These three paintings are all hand-painted. The only person who has seen the three stages of Old God is Dao Ancestor Wang, right? So, is Dao Ancestor Wang in Old God?" Did you know Old God when God was very young?"

"Shit! It turns out that Dao Ancestor Wang is a copper smelter1?!" Sun Ying'Er was shocked.

1(Copper smelting is the transliteration of "pedophilia", and the main reason for the popularity is that the anchor of the original B station "Wu Zhi Yache Big Flicker.") "Don't talk nonsense! You've all seen it wrong! In fact, in order of age, it should be from right to left...Old God's initial appearance is the portrait of an old lady!"

Ajuan said: "The reason why Old God is called Old God is because Old God looked very old at the beginning. She is rejuvenated. On the contrary, she looks younger! The younger she is, the older she is! When I saw Old God. She is an ancient god with a body only as big as a baby."

"In other words, Dao Ancestor Wang doesn't mind whether Old God is beautiful enough. Right?" Sun Rong was filled with envy.

This kind of love that doesn't pay attention to appearance but goes back to the soul may be what everyone expects.

Emotions are something that can transcend time.

Even if. at different times. As long as I miss you enough.

One day, this radio wave can be transmitted to the person you like.

"Old God accompanied Dao Ancestor Wang throughout his life. But Dao Ancestor Wang's lifespan was too long. In addition, his rejuvenated physique made Old God unable to accompany Dao Ancestor to continue walking." Ajuan sighed. She felt that the topic seemed to be getting heavier.

"Dao Ancestor Wang must have other solutions, right?" Sun Rong asked.

"Perhaps. But choosing to leave is actually the Old God's own choice..." As a newly appointed King of the Divine Realm, Ajuan doesn't really know much about emotional matters.

Old God only passed down his power to her. But he didn't pass down the love history...

And what Ajuan knows now is all heard from other gods.

If he hadn't personally experienced the Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube Chamber, I'm afraid Ajuan would still not be able to understand it.

The deep emotional bond between Old God and Dao Ancestor Wang.

"These three paintings are all written by Dao Ancestor Wang. It feels like there is so much energy in them!" Sun Rong frowned.

At this time, Er Ha smiled coldly in his heart.

These three paintings may indeed be the works of Dao Ancestor Wang.

But when it comes to energy, Er Ha is a bit dissatisfied...

His Little Master Ling made a random test paper. The energy permeating from the writing on it is also very strong! It's just that ordinary cultivators are too low-level to feel it.

As for the three paintings in front of me, the energy on them is amazing. It should be exposed deliberately by Dao Ancestor Wang.

It's like a declaration of love.

Dao Ancestor Wang is using these three paintings to tell everyone the strong emotions between himself and Old God.

"I know how to pass this level." At this time, Sun Rong had an idea again.

Three eternal lamps. Three paintings of Dao Ancestor Wang.

This actually hints at the password to break through.

"Ajuan. Ying'er. Go to the other two lamps." Sun Rong took the initiative and walked to the far right, the lamp facing the old lady's scroll. Then he said: "Wait until I blow it out. Ying'er, you blow the second one. Then Ajuan, you blow the first one."

"What's the order of rejuvenation? Got it!" Ajuan nodded.

Because the wick of the eternal lamp will re-ignite, it is extremely difficult for one person to do this alone.

As we all know.

Games like escape rooms.

This is a multiplayer sport(funny)...

Not only can it improve the tacit understanding of the team.

At the same time, it can also be proved that Ku Xuan indeed did not save the manuscript.





Chapter 1385 Verification of identity


Use the three scrolls to rejuvenate and extinguish the flame of the eternal lamp. This will unlock the passage to the next secret room.

The girl's intelligence was once again demonstrated in cracking the mechanism.

The level of realm sometimes has nothing to do with IQ.

Fools with high cultivation levels also exist in the world of cultivation.

They are only particularly gifted in cultivation.

When the three eternal lights are pressed at the same time.

The mechanism leading to the next secret room is triggered.

The three scrolls in front of me emitted a faint light in the dim cave and turned into three entrances.

"It looks like we have to separate to carry out missions. Follow the normal script. We will find a meeting place later."

Er Ha said: "Let me go to the entrance in the middle. Everyone should be careful. And pay extra attention. Everything you see after that may not be true."

"Is there an element of illusion?" Sun Rong asked.

"Absolutely." Er Ha said: "So the best question is to ask questions. If you can know some more private questions, maybe you are the real person."

"Understood..."

Sun Rong and Ajuan both nodded.

Before departure. Ajuan temporarily took the Divine Rabbit into his core world.

They had a clear division of labor. Then they each entered the picture scroll in front of them.

This is truly a solo mission.

Without Er Ha and Ajuan to guide me, Sun Rong doesn't know if I can do it.

But Ying'er and Aohai are here. This makes Sun Rong feel a little relieved.

The third secret room is completely different from the previous abyss and cave. This is a very bright place.

"Mirror Maze?"Sun Rong found himself trapped at the entrance of a mirror maze.

There was no way to go back through the secret room she had passed. She turned back. Sure enough, the entrance where the scroll opened had disappeared.

"I wonder what kind of secret room Er Ha and Ajuan encountered..." Sun Rong frowned. Then he mustered up the courage to move forward.

She tried to use Aohai's sword energy to cover the entire mirror maze. Find the most suitable route.

He didn't know if it's because of the resonance of the Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube. Aohai's sword energy is particularly scattered here.

Therefore, the plan to use sword energy to crack the maze failed.

Sun Rong made a mark on the ground with Aohai. After walking around for a few times, he found that he was back to the starting point.

It's more than that.

Sun Rong tried to use Aohai to break the mirror.

When the mirror breaks, a light will emit, taking her back to the entrance.

"It's useless to walk aimlessly like this. Rongrong!" Sun Ying'er said.

"Yeah. I know."

Sun Rong nodded: "But what does the mirror maze here mean?"

The abyss and caves they broke through before are all related to the story of Dao Ancestor Wang and the Old God.

And the mirror maze in front of me makes Sun Rong completely confused.

Maybe if Miss Ajuan is here, she might be able to think of something.

But now Ajuan is not around either. Sun Rong cannot listen to the story of Old God through Ajuan.

"All girls have a mirror of their own, right? Maybe so many mirrors are related to Old God?" Sun Ying'er said.

These words gave Sun Rong another hint.

She took the initiative to walk towards a mirror. Then she began to stare at herself in the mirror.

Sun Ying'er exclaimed: "Rongrong is so beautiful! And I think Rongrong's skin type doesn't require makeup. She can be liked by Ling Zhenren."

"What's wrong with Mr. Guan Wang Ling? You're talking nonsense again..." Sun Rong was helpless.

But by looking at the mirror, she did find a very strange thing: "And. Ying'er. I didn't actually wear makeup today! But look at the mirror. Does it have its own beauty effect?"

"With its own beauty effect?" Sun Ying'er was stunned.

She looked carefully in the mirror and found that this seemed to be the case.

Microdermabrasion and whitening are nothing. In the mirror, even the shape of my face begins to look sharper!

Then. Sun Rong took another step forward.

She changed the mirror. Then she found that the beauty effect of this mirror was even worse than before...

"I probably know...how to get through this level!" Sun Rong suddenly realized.

All the mirrors in this mirror maze have different beauty effects. They are mainly reflected in skin whitening and chin.

The pointier the chin is, it means the deeper position they are in. It also means the only correct way.

After repeated comparisons, Sun Rong finally followed the clue and found the last mirror.

"Rongrong, your chin is almost turning into an awl. You can use it to cut ice!" Sun Ying'er stared at the distorted Sun Rong in the mirror. She couldn't help laughing.

"This should be the exit of the maze." Sun Rong took a deep breath.

If her judgment is correct, she can just break the mirror and she can go out!

"Ha!" Sun Rong held back his strength. He pulled out Aohai and cut the extremely excessive beauty mirror in front of him in two.

This time, when the mirror broke, no light came out to send her back to the entrance.

Right in front of Sun Rong, there is a worn-out stone staircase leading to an ancient temple. There are deep vegetation on both sides. Dense ancient trees stand tall. Thick trunks are intertwined on the ground.

There is actually a cave behind this mirror. It is an unknown ancient dense forest.

Sun Rong was a little hesitant at first.

But thinking that Er Ha and Ajuan might have already walked out of the secret room, Sun Rong mustered up the courage to continue walking forward.

If nothing else happens, they may reunite in this ancient dense forest.

The dilapidated stone steps at your feet lead to the top of the mountain. The stone steps are engraved with intricate ancient runes. They have a natural oppressive force.

Although the girl was only in the Foundation Building stage, she was protected by Aohai's sword energy when she walked. It was completely effortless.

Walking to the mountainside. Sun Rong saw a familiar figure coming out of a path ahead.

"Er Ha!"Sun Rong waved hello from afar.

However, Er Ha's eyes seemed particularly wary. It quickly took a few steps back and looked at the girl with hostility.

Sun Rong immediately remembered what Er Ha said before.

After they separate, they may see illusions. In order to avoid being misled, they need to ask each other questions to verify their identity.

"Let's ask each other questions!" Sun Rong said.

"good."

Er Ha nodded and accepted the proposal.

"What is your favorite thing to eat?"Sun Rong was the first to ask.

"Flies! Big meat flies!"

Er Ha's answer was very decisive. Without hesitation.

Then, it said: "Then, it's my turn to ask!"

Before asking the question, Er Ha did not forget to glare at Sun Ying'er: "The girl next to you is not allowed to interrupt! After she answers, I will test you again!"

"Slightly!" Sun Ying'er stuck out his tongue.

Er Ha took a deep breath. He looked at Sun Rong with a wicked smile and asked: "Tell me! Who do you like best!"

"I..."

Sun Rong's face suddenly turned red.

"Don't use relatives as excuses for me!"

Er Ha's expression was very serious: "It must be a human being! And it must be a man! Say it quickly!"

Sun Rong: "..."

While asking questions, it was also smiling evilly in its heart.

Oh...

How could I not know that you are really Sun Rong.

Just by smelling it, you can actually tell the difference!

But with this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to tease me, wouldn't it be a pity not to tease her properly?





Chapter 1386 Sun Ying'er's evaluation of the current situation


"I..."

Sun Rong hesitated for a long time. Still unable to say anything.

Her face was already red. She felt like a steam duck: "My, my favorite is grandpa..."

But it's a pity that Er Ha didn't admit it: "Ha! I said, don't use relatives as excuses!"

The aura unique to the divine beast emanated. The high-density spiritual energy was mixed with the power of chaos. In an instant, the ground underfoot shook slightly.

Sometimes, people will not face their own hearts without external force.

Seeing that Er Ha was really going to take action. Sun Rong became even more anxious.

The girl stamped her feet anxiously. She didn't want to fight Er Ha, so she had to tell the truth.

She almost shouted: "My favorite is my classmate Wang Ling!!!"

It only takes a moment. Er Ha took back the breath he released.

very good!

It nodded with satisfaction. Then he put away the phone hidden in his dog's mouth and pressed the stop recording button.

"Er Ha you..." Realizing that what he just said was secretly filmed, Sun Rong was extremely anxious.

"Don't worry, Miss Sun. I have moral integrity. I won't send it to others."

Er Ha assured in front of Sun Rong.

"You swear!" Sun Rong said anxiously with a red face.

"I swear! If I dare to reveal even a word about what happened today, I will never be a human being!" Er Ha said.

At first glance, this curse sounds indeed vicious enough. But after thinking about it carefully, the girl suddenly felt that she was at a disadvantage: "But you are not a human in the first place!"

"But I also have a human form. Think about it. How much of a disadvantage would it be if I didn't use a human form for the rest of my life!?"

Er Ha sighed: "I can't turn into a human form. I can't fall in love with a young lady in the human world smoothly. I go out to play sports with many people at night, and then give birth to a son and a half daughter. This is tantamount to my oath to cut off my descendants." Ah! Isn't this vicious?"

"Oh well..."

Sun Rong was stunned for a moment by these deceptive words.

If analyzed in this way, Er Ha's curse on himself is indeed vicious enough.

But she still felt that there was something strange about this statement...

Sun Ying'er knows. Sun Rong was fooled!

Alas. Her Rongrong is still too young!

In order to prevent himself from being deceived, Sun Ying'er quickly sent a message to Er Ha: "Don't ask me excessive questions! Just normal questions! When I get back, I will go to the demon world to get you 20 sacks of big meat flies!"

Er Ha raised his eyebrows at these words. He nodded slightly and agreed to the contents of the deal.

"Girl over there, please briefly describe your current life situation." Er Ha looked at Sun Ying'er and asked.

This question couldn't help but make Sun Ying'er burst into tears.

Briefly describe the current situation of life...

She felt like she had a lot to say.

But thousands of words came together at the end, and only one sentence remained.

There was a feeling of "sadness and tears" in her eyes, and there was a bit of crying in her voice, and a tear slipped from the corner of her eye unconsciously: "It's hard for a woman to be a man during the day , but it's hard for a man to be a man at night..."

Sun Rong, Er Ha: "..."

...

After checking, Sun Rong went up the mountain with Er Ha.

In front of the dense forest, an ancient temple gradually emerged.

These bricks are made of the same material as the shrine on Heavenly Dao, but they are obviously very old. There is a faint aura of law flowing on them.

The door of the temple is ajar.

There are cracks on the door. It seems that it has experienced some violent impact.

The whole temple is covered with cobwebs and dust. It looks like it has been abandoned for many years and no one cares about it.

"Where did Ajuan go?"

"I observed on the way here. Except for a path halfway up the mountain, there is no other entrance. Maybe she is still waiting for us in the secret room at the back."

Er Ha said: "She is the King of the God Realm. It is unlikely that there will be any problems. And the Heavenly Dao secret room here is all made by Old God. She used the Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube to transform the original secret room rules inside the Rubik's Cube. It became my own secret room. I recorded my past events with Dao Ancestor Wang."

There are also various ways and methods used to record feelings between lovers.

Use a diary to record, keep all photos and gifts given to each other, write wishes on the old tree and tie a red string together, etc. Wait a minute!

And this is the first time that a secret room has been modified to record like this.

"Aohai. Please scan here." Sun Rong injected spiritual power. The Aohai in his hand immediately emitted a blue aura, centered on Sun Rong.

This spiritual light turned into ripples and spread out from under Sun Rong's feet. In an instant, all the dust in the temple was washed away.

The temple that was originally filled with dust became as tidy as new in the blink of an eye.

"It actually has such an effect." Er Ha marveled in his heart.

"Doesn't this sound like overkill?"Sun Rong was a little embarrassed.

"No... Miss Sun is indeed a talent. She can actually develop the properties of a wife from a spiritual sword. It seems that she will also be a good wife and mother in the future." Er Ha praised.

"Er Ha! I found that after you turned into a mythical beast, you were a little arrogant!" Sun Rong squatted down and rubbed Er Ha's face angrily: "You can't drink like before. Be more cute!"

"This king is now a mythical beast. The mythical beast should have a son of the mythical beast!" Er Ha counterattacked.

"Look here!"

At this time, Sun Ying'er on the side made a new discovery.

She saw two palm prints right at the ancient temple.

"This is?"

Sun Rong stared at the palm prints. I was very confused. I didn't understand the reason for the formation of the palm prints.

On the contrary, Sun Ying'er showed a very experienced look: "Judging from the width of the palm print, this should be a man's palm print. This man should be very tall. The knuckles of the palm print are very thin. This proves the fat content of this man. Very low. He should be a man with a great figure! He is a handsome guy!"

"How do you know so well..."Sun Rong was surprised.

"It's so bad! I've been banged so many times by Wang Ying. Now I've gained experience from being banged on the wall!"

"..."

"This palm print is a wall thumping mark, and it's very likely that it was left behind when Dao Ancestor Wang wall thumped the Old God." Sun Ying Er analyzed strongly, "This temple is really related to the Old God and Dao Ancestor Wang , perhaps Wang Daozu confessed his love to the Old God here!"

"But just knowing this information is not enough." Sun Rong said.

"Is it possible that you need to be knocked against the wall to pass the level?"

Sun Ying'er touched her chin. Immediately her eyes lit up. She stared at Sun Rong and smiled maliciously: "Rongrong! Please cooperate with me!"

"What are you going to do?"

"Of course it's you, Bi Dong! Don't worry. I've been kicked by Bi Dong so many times. I have rich experience!" Sun Ying'er chuckled.

After saying that, she grabbed Sun Rong's wrist and raised it above her head. She slammed it down against the wall.

But don't know why.

After Sun Ying'er finished this action, she felt a little chill on her back...

Isn't that right?

Why is there the smell of Wang Ying here!

Sun Ying'er was a little panicked for a moment!





Chapter 1387 Old God's Altar


Wang Ying's breath was very strong. It also made Er Ha break into cold sweat for a moment.

In fact, Wang Ying was the third line of defense in this operation.

Wang Ling deliberately arranged it this way. It is to ensure that this operation is foolproof.

After receiving the order, Wang Ying blended into Er Ha's shadow and sneaked in.

And. It's well hidden along the way.

Unexpectedly, after seeing Sun Ying'er wall-dong Sun Rong, Wang Ying's mood began to fluctuate slightly...

"Master of Shadows. You have to restrain yourself..." Er Ha said through the message. It was trying to appease Wang Ying. It hoped that Wang Ying could calm down: "It needs to be solved. You can arrange it after you get out."

These words finally made the restless Wang Ying regain his composure again.

He folded his arms and huddled in Er Ha's shadow. Using Er Ha's shadow as a cover, he quietly watched Sun Ying'er's various reactions and performances.

...

"Danger!"

At this moment, Sun Ying'er felt like there was a huge word of danger hanging over his head.

She re-perceived her surroundings and found that Wang Ying's aura had disappeared again.

Is it an illusion?

It was because she was hit by the wall too many times, which caused the action of the wall-dong to affect her spirit, causing her breath judgment system to fail.

Anyway, let's talk about it. To sum up, isn't it just that I was spoiled by the gorilla Wang Ying?

"Woooo! Rongrong! I seem to be a little abnormal because of Wang Ying, the gorilla!"

"You finally discovered it..." Sun Rong sighed. He touched Sun Ying'er's little head: "Also, what the hell is a gorilla?"

"Anyway, when I say he is a **, he will become a **. Why not just call him a gorilla!" Sun Ying'er said.

Sun Rong: "..."

In fact, sometimes Sun Rong thinks Wang Ying is quite difficult.

Sun Ying'er's mouth is carefree. It's completely different from her temperament. She's just a mouthful and a master of slander.

But the problem is... Ying'er is very cute.

I can't bear to let people be really cruel.

Although Ying'er complained to her every day about Wang Ying bullying her, Sun Rong never saw any external injuries on Sun Ying'er's body.

Facts prove.

Wang Ying looks crazy, but he is actually a measured man.

"Buzz!"

At this moment, there was a shaking sound in the ancient temple.

The wall with Dao Ancestor Wang's palm print suddenly sunk in completely and then separated to the left and right.

"It's really a trap! There's a secret room hidden inside!" Sun Ying'er exclaimed.

When the wall was opened, what everyone saw was a top-secret altar hidden behind the wall!

"It's actually a square altar?" Er Ha was also surprised.

Square altars are rare, because most altars are integrated with formations. Most of the formations are circular! But the altar in front of you is based on the four corners of the room as its fulcrum. It directly frames the entire room. Entered the altar.

Engraved on the ground are mysterious ancient characters that even Er Ha cannot understand.

Most of these mysterious ancient characters come from the Gods. Only a few of them are Heavenly Dao characters. This proves that the person who decorated the altar is none other than the Old God himself.

"Here is an altar to the Old God." Er Ha said.

Combining the scene before us, it is actually not difficult to deduce this conclusion.

So now. A new problem arises.

What is Old God's purpose in decorating this altar?

In the center of the altar. Sun Rong found a small coffin.

Sun Rong took a step forward. He squinted his eyes and looked carefully: "Is this...customized by Old God after he returned to youth?"

"If it's just to build a coffin for yourself, why would you put so much effort into building such an altar?" Er Ha said.

Wherever there is an altar, there is probably a purpose behind it.

At present, the evidence they have is insufficient, so it is not yet possible to conclude that this is a conspiracy of Old God.

But based on experience and intuition, Er Ha felt that the existence of this altar must not be a good thing.

At this moment, there were gusts of dark wind in the secret room, with a bone-crushing coldness. Accompanied by a woman's cries that came and went, the coffin in front of me was opened with a bang!

It was the white bones of a baby. But the right arm was missing.

"Old God bone?" Er Ha looked hesitant: "Why does a deceased Old God Kaikai-King emit such a strong ghost aura?"

This sudden dark wind is permeated with powerful pressure and energy. It is also mixed with a kind of divine energy. Although it is very weak, Er Ha can feel it.

Then, the altar glowed brightly. A shadow with closed eyes emerged from the center of the altar.

"Ajuan?!" The phantom suddenly appeared, shocking everyone.

Sun Rong Make sure you read it right!

This is the soul of Miss Ajuan!

In the coffin, the remains in the infant form of the Old God trembled slightly. Ajuan's soul merged with the remains, and finally transformed into a little girl wearing a red dress and black leather shoes.

This is the appearance of the little girl of the Old God. In the previous scroll, everyone has seen it!

"I have finally waited for this day."

The little girl made a voice. But the voice was extremely old. It was obviously not Ajuan's voice.

"Are you Old God?" Sun Rong looked ahead warily. She couldn't believe that Ajuan was poisoned after being separated from them: "What did you do to Ajuan!"

"I have been waiting for many years. I have never elected the next successor to the God Realm. Just for this day."

The little girl said: "There is no more suitable candidate than Ajuan. She has no Old God soul. As long as she is old enough, merge it with my baby remains. Theoretically, I can be restored to the appearance of sixteen or seventeen years old." And the appearance will be fixed in that time forever."

"But you seem to be impatient." Er Ha looked at the little girl in front of him.

The Old God of the Divine Realm. The last King of the Divine Realm. The aura on her body is very terrifying!

The breath of Ten Thousand Winged God. This is the first time Er Ha feels it!

It is indeed ridiculously strong!

"That's right. Ajuan is still too young now. If he can grow into a mature woman, he might be what I want after merging with me." Old God laughed.

"But. Dao Ancestor Wang doesn't mind your appearance! Even if it's your old age!" Sun Rong said. She had envied this kind of love from the beginning. At the same time, she also admired Dao Ancestor Wang very much.

"He doesn't mind. But I do."

Old Heavenly Dao: "No woman can endure her own old age. She can endure the pain of having to part with the one she loves after returning to childhood..."

"But Dao Ancestor has a way!" Sun Rong said.

"He has no choice! Don't think that you know everything! A man's words are never trustworthy!" Old God was very unhappy: "In order for God's world to become better, I can only sacrifice Ajuan. This is also helpless. matter."

"It's just high-sounding hypocritical remarks." Sun Rong frowned: "Dao Ancestor Wang actually likes you. Maybe this is the biggest stain in Dao Ancestor's life."

As he said that, Sun Rong held Aohai tightly, his body shaking slightly with anger.

"What? You still want to fight me? A Foundation Building?" Old God laughed.

"Hand over Miss Ajuan!"

The next moment, she pulled out Aohai and pointed the sword edge at the Old God: "Otherwise, even if you are a god! I won't be polite!"

The sword energy mixed with the Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube and the power of chaos roared out!

The urging on the spot made Old God's shoulders sink!

"impossible..."

Old God raised his eyes. Shock was written on his face.





Chapter 1388 Sun Rong Killing God


It would never be possible to exert such sword energy during the normal Foundation Building period.

Old God looked at the girl in front of him warily. She saw the shadow of the sword spirit hidden behind Sun Rong.

The upgraded Aohai. She is wearing a gorgeous dark blue evening dress. Her sapphire-like eyes exude a sense of depth that is thousands of miles under the sea. Her silver-gray hair hangs down. The beautiful curls are like ocean waves.

Inadvertently, a looming invisible coercion emitted. Mixed with the aura of Sun Rong. Man and sword merged into one. At this moment, there was no distinction between you and me.

The bond between Aohai and Sun Rong is too deep. This is the spirit sword that Sun Rong has been using since childhood.

The long-term companionship, coupled with Aohai's gratitude to the sword master after his upgrade, made the bond between the two even deeper, forming a passive version of "the unity of man and sword."

Sun Rong only needs to pull out the spirit sword. Aohai's breath will automatically merge with Sun Rong.

Old God looked at this scene in surprise. At this moment, she finally knew what the problem was: "You actually put one of the Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cubes into your spirit sword?"

This operation scared the Old God out of his wits.

She knows how precious the "Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube" is.

"What a bold human being!" On the altar, the Old God in the shape of a little girl stood on a high platform. Her figure floated up. She stared down at Sun Rong: "Did you know. Once the Rubik's Cube Imbalance. What are the consequences?"

The next moment, a brilliant golden halo lit up above her head, releasing the breath of immortality.

This is the unique ring of Ten Thousand Wing God, which has powerful divine energies.

After Old God deduced and combined it with the memories in Ajuan's soul, he found out what happened before he was officially resurrected.

The unspeakable land was destroyed.

One of the nine Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cubes was taken away. This directly caused the other eight Rubik's Cubes to be in a situation out of control at any time.

And the one given to her by Dao Ancestor Wang back then has fallen out of control!

No wonder after she recovered, she vaguely felt that something was wrong on Heavenly Dao...

Everything is explained.

No wonder Ajuan entered the Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube Chamber much earlier than she expected...

Unexpectedly, it was because of the imbalance of the Rubik's Cube that something changed. Ajuan brought a human from the Foundation Building stage here to recover the Rubik's Cube!

This action disrupted the Old God's plan to absorb "Ajuan's Eternal Soul."

In addition, she could no longer restrain the impulse in her heart.

So even though we know that the time is much earlier than the estimated time.

Old God still chose to take action and swallowed Ajuan's soul.

"We didn't know this would happen. So now we need to collect the Rubik's Cubes one by one and then replace them with new ones." Sun Rong answered.

"New Rubik's Cube"

Old God laughed again: "You call me hypocritical. But you are even more hypocritical than me. I don't know how many years it took Dao Ancestor to create a Rubik's Cube. Do you think this Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube is made of mud? It can be easily pinched?"

The next moment!

Buzz!

The surrounding space collapsed. The Ten Thousand Winged God ring above Old God's head burst into bright light!

Sun Rong, Er Ha saw the space scene in front of him change instantly!

When they came back to their senses, they suddenly appeared in a bright world.

Godly clouds are entrenched under your feet. Runes are flowing. The Old God in the form of a little girl sits in front of you. She is as huge as a mountain. She seems to be an eternal goddess. She exudes a solemn atmosphere.

If the red dress and black leather shoes weren't too dramatic, this scene would be worthy of everyone's worship.

"Core World..." Er Ha frowned.

This is obviously not an ordinary core world, because the energy flowing in it is too huge!

"Don't think that you are the only one who has the Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube. The love token given to me by Dao Ancestor. I have already integrated part of its power into my core world."

Old God spoke. The disembodied voice came from all directions: "You are just a Foundation Building. Even with the spirit sword in your hand, how much waves can you make?"

The Old God in the form of a little girl couldn't help but laugh. Being dragged into the core world during the battle is a taboo. In the core world, the master of the core world is the god here!

What's more, she is a god herself!

"If I point this finger, you will be wiped out. Do you have any last words?" Old God said in a deep voice. She sat cross-legged in this world full of light. Her powerful aura surged.

This is the first time Sun Rong has faced an opponent that is as big as a mountain. There is a huge difference in size. No matter who you are, you will feel trembling!

However, she thought that when the gate to another world came, Zhuo Yi faced such a monster king as huge as a mountain...

Although. Sun Rong now knows that Zhuo Yi is the winner.

But at that time. Zhuo Yi still rushed forward regardless of his own safety!

Even though he clearly knew that there was a disparity in power, he still did it without hesitation!

And this is also the reason why Wang Ling. chose Zhuo Yi.

Not all weak people can become heroes.

As long as your heart is strong enough, no matter how weak you are, you are still a hero!

At this moment.

Sun Rong is full of thoughts.

The opinions of previous generations. And now... the power given to her by Wang Ling!

It gave her great confidence at this moment.

The moment he held Aohai, Sun Rong suddenly felt that there were countless people behind him pushing him forward!

"It's not certain who will be wiped out!" The next moment, the girl used Aohai's sword energy to rise from the ground.

Aohai's sword energy turned into two jets under Sun Rong's feet, allowing the girl's figure to fly freely in the air.

She pointed the edge of Aohai's sword at the huge Old God in front of her. It turned into a brilliant blue meteor. She sprinted forward desperately!

"You don't overestimate your capabilities." Old God snorted and opened his divine eyes.

There were two rays of light in the pupils. They shot out like long dragons. They merged in the air and became a huge one. They quickly hit the direction of Sun Rong and exploded with immeasurable divine energy.

--This is the "infinite divine light" of Old God!

After merging part of the power of Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube. This is equivalent to a blow from Dao God!

"After all, it's Dao Ancestor Wang's old friend. It's really scary! Sun Rong This sword is so powerful that I'm afraid it's no match for me!" Er Ha was horrified.

It looked up at the scene from below. At the same time, it assessed the battle situation.

When Sun Rong just jumped up, it had already wrapped part of the power of chaos on Aohai. It wanted to secretly assist Sun Rong in achieving a one-hit kill on the Old God.

But now it seems that the power of Old God is too strong. His power alone is not enough.

"No rush." Wang Ying frowned.

He is here to make sure everything goes smoothly.

The analysis of combat power is also more accurate.

Sun Rong's blow. Although it cannot kill the Old God with one blow, it can still be done by smashing the infinite divine light and returning the favor to the Old God.

Because Old God was too trusting and didn't use all his strength.

"Chi!"

Sure enough, everything was as Wang Ying expected.

The azure blue light transformed by Sun Rong was like a sharp blade. It tore the Old God's boundless divine light into pieces!

Her speed is extremely fast. She is still moving at high speed. She is shooting towards the Old God!

Old God couldn't dodge. He was directly scalped by Sun Rong.

I saw that the cross-section was as smooth as a mirror. It could disperse the light...

(Wang Ling has exceeded 300,000 star points. As agreed, the single wedding dress picture of Sun Rong will be unlocked. It is expected to be released on all platforms in mid-May... (Originally, the deadline for the event was the end of June. Please rush. It's too fast. The artist hasn't finished painting yet))





Chapter 1389 Sun Rong Killing God


The situation happened very suddenly. A piece of Old God's head was directly cut off by Sun Rong, forming a physical version of the Mediterranean Sea.

Moreover, Aohai also had a bad intention. She covered her sword energy with the "Power of the Dead Sea."

This is originally an ability similar to the "serious injury effect." It can block recovery.

But now, using the sword energy to cut off Old God's scalp, it can make Old God unable to recover his hair in a short period of time.

He can only fight Sun Rong naked.

He watched helplessly as a piece of his hair fell off. Old God was trembling with anger.

The mountain-like body shook violently in the core world, causing the whole world to rumble.

"Kill you..."

Offending Shenyan. This is naturally a very terrible thing.

The Old God condensed her body. The expression on her face became serious. She rushed towards Sun Rong with the Ten Thousand Winged God ring on her head. Her divine power was unparalleled!

Old God spreads his golden wings. He exudes powerful divine power.

"How come it's not ten thousand wings?"Er Ha was suprised.

"It's integrated into one. If we directly open the wings, the wings will be like sails. The air resistance is too great. Even the Old God may not be able to fly." Wang Ying replied.

This answer was too scientific. Er Ha was unable to refute it.

At this time, the Old God, who had his scalp cut off, was extremely angry.

When the golden wings fluttered, stars appeared in the sky. Huge meteorites kept falling.

Sun Rong holds Aohai. The boundless sword energy of the sea is rampant. It smashes these falling meteorites one by one.

"I'm going to make you realize reality. You can never go against God."

The next moment, the divine light exploded from Old God's red clothes. The starlight gathered from under her feet. Along with the endless floating golden divine feathers, it turned into a star carpet and was laid out under her feet.

This is a supernatural power. Indeed, only God can do it.

She walked on the red carpet without speaking. But a divine light emerged in her pupils, and there were powerful fluctuations building up inside.

"You will... perish in this galaxy."

The next moment, Old God raised his hand. She turned her hand over. The star carpet under her feet instantly turned upside down. Countless stars poured down.

In just a short moment, the entire core world was rained with meteorites. Hundreds of stars emerged. They were densely packed and fell like hailstones.

"He turned the divine feather into a meteorite!" Er Ha's eyes were horrified.

This change is not a cover-up. It is a real change!

God's will can theoretically change everything.

God is almost omnipotent!

Sun Rong looked solemn. She jumped onto a meteorite and used Aohai's sword energy to block it.

But the density of these meteorites is too high. Now we have reached a situation where we have to use ultimate moves to clear the field!

"Alluring Sword!"Sun Rong pointed to the sky. Directly using his strongest swordsmanship!

A sword energy of tens of thousands of meters was formed instantly under the stunned gaze of the Old God.

The rolling sword intent of the angry sea, mixed with the tsunami echo of Heavenly Dao's Hong Zhong, made the light of the entire core world even more dazzling!

Aohai's figure skyrocketed. She was like a giantess.

The power accumulated by tens of thousands of clones made Aohai's sword energy truly turn into a vast sea, and rush against the incoming galaxies!

"MD. This is actually a battle during the Foundation Building period!" Er Ha was dumbfounded.

Before, in the secret cultivation realm of the Mountain of Recall, it was pressed underground the whole time. It almost became a dog meat. It had no idea what was going on outside.

Now that I have seen this scene with my own eyes, its dog's mouth felt as if it was dislocated. It could not be closed.

"Boom, boom, boom..."

The powerful Alluring Sword charged against the stars with the overwhelming power of the sea. It swallowed up all the falling stars and then shattered them into pieces in the sea.

At this time, Old God looked down with a complicated expression.

A Foundation Building period. It has the ability to resist the power of God... This is undoubtedly a provocation!

But the Old God also clearly sensed the real fighting power in Sun Rong. This move "Alluring Sword" scared her. It actually made her mind fluctuate.

The sword energy of tens of thousands of meters almost cut the galaxy she had thrown out in half with a crushing force, neutralizing all her divine power.

Old God waved his golden wings and quickly retreated. She crossed her arms and blocked the front. The ten thousand meters of sword energy hit the position where her arms were crossed. One sword drew Old God to the end of the core world and hit him. On the wall of nothingness.

This sword is so terrifying.

It almost poked a hole in the core world. It also took her, the owner of the core world, out of the core world...

But Old God is Old God.

Her combat experience is far beyond that of Sun Rong.

To be able to unleash such a powerful sword in one Foundation Building period, he must have accumulated strength in his spare time.

Therefore, she expected that Sun Rong would not be able to perform such a powerful killing blow continuously.

And in fact, it is indeed the case.

Alluring Sword takes 12 hours to charge...

Sun Rong can store up to 10 swords. However, there is not much time between the last use.

"I'm curious. How many more sword cuts can you make?" Old God smiled. She knew her chance had come.

"Rongrong! Back up! This woman is going to go big!"

Sun Ying'er realized that the situation was not good and hurriedly pulled Sun Rong back.

She felt murderous intent from the Old God's eyes. She felt that the situation was not good. She immediately sprinted ten thousand meters with Sun Rong in her arms. She even used the method of shrinking to an inch. She wanted to keep a distance from the Old God.

"Want to leave?"

Old God shook his head slightly.

This is her core world. No one can escape.

It was just a twitch of the fingers.

Sun Ying'er, who had slipped far away before, was returned not far from Old God.

In the core world. The master of the core world can limit the combat range. No one can escape.

"Give this thing to them." At this time, Wang Ying finally decided to take action.

But it's not really about taking action. It's about giving some assistance with props.

He huddled in Er Ha's shadow. He stretched out his hand and placed something in Er Ha's dog's mouth.

"This is..." Er Ha was startled.

"The power bank enlightened by the Lord." Wang Ying replied.

Er Ha: "..."

The situation was too urgent. Er Ha had no time to think too much. Its tongue rolled around the power bank. It instantly stretched it in the direction of Sun Rong: "Sun Rong Girl, please lend it! This is the charger given to you by the Lord. Treasure!"

"Charge...power bank?"Sun Rong thought he heard wrong.

As a result, a power bank was delivered to her.

Following Er Ha's prompts, Sun Rong successfully found the charging port located on the hilt of the Aohai sword... This is a TYPE C interface!

This existed before after upgrading Aohai.

The monk didn't say anything. Even Sun Rong himself didn't find out.

Because the location is very hidden.

Moreover, who knows there is a charging port on the hilt of the sword!

"How much sword energy can a mere power bank replenish for you?" Old God laughed again.

Sun Rong Connect the power bank.

The next moment, she felt Aohai's sword energy filling up rapidly at a terrifying speed!

then.

Sun Rong raised his sword again and swung it towards Old God!

Alluring Sword!

A Sword in the City!

Or...One Sword1!

1(Alternate translations of "Alluring Sword") At this time, Aohai, who felt that the power in his body was gradually filling up, turned his gaze to Sun Rong. He asked gently: "Sword Master, this is too troublesome. Do you need to fire all ten swords at once?"

Sun Rong covered her mouth and looked surprised: "Classmate Wang Ling's power bank. Can it replenish so many swords..."

"It is indeed possible." Aohai nodded: "But now the space of the sword spirit is limited. It can only fire ten swords at a time. If calculated according to the total energy provided by this power bank, it can provide a total of ten thousand sword spirits."

"?" After hearing this, Old God was so shocked that his feathers exploded.

What the hell. Is this a nuclear power bank???





Chapter 1390 People who support each other


The Alluring Sword caught Old God off guard when he was completely defenseless.

She was almost pulled out of the core world before.

And the power of the Ten-shot Sword of Allure is unstoppable...

What's more, this is not just one time.

Aohai fired ten consecutive rounds of ten rounds. That is, ten rounds and ten rounds!

Under this attack that sounds like a matryoshka doll, cracks have appeared in the core world of Old God. The whole world is shaking. All the surrounding space walls are shattering.

Under such a situation, Old God seems to be unable to withstand it.

Sun Ying'er put her hands on her hips and said with a proud expression on her face: "So what if you are the Old God? My Rongrong is the woman covered by Ling Zhenren!"

"Ling Zhenren?"Old God retrieves memory.

I found that I did not have this character in my mind.

It stands to reason that if it is someone Ajuan knows, after Ajuan's soul is swallowed by her, she will also get Ajuan's memory.

As a result, the name was completely blank in Old God's mind. She seemed to know it, but also seemed not to know it.

This is the role of the "Great Shielding Technique."

After all, the Old God has never seen Wang Ling. So it is useless even if he swallows Ajuan's soul and gets the memory.

If she had known who she was facing and what kind of "player" was standing behind her, she would have known that with the wisdom of Old God, she would never have dared to commit suicide like this.

So sometimes, people are stupid.

Not having a clear understanding of one's own abilities is another aspect.

The hundred-shot Alluring Sword in front of him made Old God feel like he was helpless.

Her figure kept retreating. Several wounds were cut by the sword energy on her already bald head. Blood slipped from them.

At this most critical moment, Old God sacrificed another magic weapon of his.

That is a golden holy shield. Although it is golden, it is made of sacred wood!

Golden Holy Spirit Shield!

It is one of Old God's most treasured anti-world magic weapons!

Moreover, this Holy Spirit Shield was also one of the gifts given to her by Dao Ancestor Wang. A +2-level anti-realm weapon! It comes with 20% of the power of chaos!

"Boom!"

A hundred Alluring Swords. When stacked together, they actually emit the aura of the Divine Realm and the Divine Sea!

The void ahead was flooded by azure blue light. Before he could see clearly, the billowing sword energy was already approaching.

"Ha! They are all women! Don't think you are the only one who has support! The person standing behind me is Dao Ancestor Wang!" Old God raised the Holy Spirit Shield high. While sacrificing this magic weapon, her confidence seemed to have improved. Quite a few.

Although Old God lost the initiative and became very passive, the existence of Holy Spirit Shield seems to have given the whole situation a new chapter.

A buzz!

A brilliant golden light erupted from the Holy Spirit Shield. It illuminated the eight wastelands and burned the nine heavens. A powerful aura of the great avenue emanated!

For a time, there were thousands of dharma phenomena in the entire heaven and earth. The phantoms of various living beings appeared.

Light Elephant, Light Python, Light Lion, Light Leopard, Light Pikachu...

Each of these living creatures was as big as a mountain. They ran forward and blocked the Old God's sword. They blocked all the hundreds of alluring swords.

The sword energy emitted by Aohai collided with the golden light emitted by the Holy Spirit Shield and the virtual images of living creatures, causing billowing mist to erupt in the sky. The high-concentration mist covered everything.

Sun Rong split the fog in front of him in half with a sword. But he saw the Old God holding the Holy Spirit Shield in front with a proud smile.

"Dao Ancestor Wang's Holy Spirit Shield is here. Can you split this Holy Spirit Shield in half?" Old God smiled. This is a +2 anti-realm weapon. It is integrated with 20% of the power of chaos. Rare in the world!

And the most important thing is that the gift given to her by Dao Ancestor Wang is not just the Holy Spirit Shield.

Like other magic weapons, she hasn't had a chance to sacrifice them yet. They are also extremely useful.

But Old God didn't expect that the first time he would use the Holy Spirit Shield since his debut was just to deal with a little girl in the Foundation Building stage.

In the void. Sun Rong pursed her lips. She did not want to argue with the Old God.

It makes no sense. It has no results.

And the Old God in front of her seemed more like a woman who had fallen out of favor.

Because only when someone falls out of favor can such a strong comparison mentality arise.

Sun Rong doesn't bother to compare with Old God. Because there is no need.

But Old God. doesn't think so.

"I don't care who is supporting you behind your back. No matter how powerful that person is, can he still be stronger than Dao Ancestor? Dao Ancestor was the only one who doted on me back then. He gave me so many treasures!"

The old god laughed coldly: "I admit that I have underestimated you, it's unprecedented for you, a Foundation Building, to be able to force me to unveil the Shield of the Holy Spirit."

Facing the aggressive Old God. Sun Rong still maintained the dignified posture of a lady.

Even though the Old God said provocative words, it never made the girl's expression fluctuate in the slightest.

Because the girl knows very well... Sun Ying'er will definitely say those words that she doesn't want to say no matter what!

Who knows she is a lady but Shadow is a good talker...

Sure enough, Sun Ying'er couldn't bear it anymore. She put her hands on her hips and said to the old god: "You old woman! You old woman! You say that men are not good things, but here you are using the one given to you by Dao Ancestor Wang. It's in vain that Dao Ancestor Wang is infatuated with you. How about you? If you are suspicious of him, in today's terms, you are just like green tea! Do gods also have green tea?"

God is not supposed to be angry.

But now, Old God has actually lost his mind.

There is no comparison between women and women.

The girl in front of her is clearly only in the Foundation Building stage, but she has gained the combat power to compete with her. This is enough to prove how much effort the people behind the girl have spent on her...

Wang Ling is actually just helping Sun Rong improve its combat power. To be honest, it doesn't take much effort.

But there's no way. That's what Old God thinks.

Now, with Dao Ancestor Wang's whereabouts unknown, Old God does have the feeling of an old woman who has fallen out of favor.

The existence of Sun Rong made her feel jealous.

And jealousy will also turn into anger towards Sun Rong.

"If you want to kill me, just break the shield of my Holy Spirit before you do it." At this time, in the void, Old God squinted his eyes and whispered.

She sat cross-legged on a divine cloud, holding up the Shield of the Holy Spirit.

All kinds of golden creatures poured out from all directions, surrounding her tightly.

"This Holy Spirit Shield is difficult. The sword energy of a hundred Alluring Swords is blocked. When the strength is insufficient, I want to use quantity instead. This is a good idea. It is a pity that the power of Aohai's sword spirit alone. Even ten The swords are firing in unison. This speed is still not enough!"

Er Ha was heartbroken to see. Aohai in full energy form. The power of ten consecutive sword attacks was not enough to defeat the Old God.

It looked at Wang Ying, hinting at Wang Ying to take action.

However, Wang Ying remained motionless.

Although this is just an Old God. In Wang Ying's opinion, this is a character who can be shot to death with just a flip of his hand.

There is no need for the Lord to do it himself.

Even a shadow of him can do it.

But this is a rare opportunity for training. If he takes action, the battle will be over immediately. It will be detrimental to Sun Rong and Ying'er.

Both girls lacked combat experience. At the same time, they also lacked the tacit understanding of cooperating with each other.

So. This is an excellent opportunity for advancement.

Fight against masters. The improvement in experience is undoubtedly huge.

Fighting hundreds or thousands of times with cultivators of the same level may not have the same effect as this one.

It is true. Old God is not a master in the eyes of Wang Ling, Wang Ying...

"Maybe Miss Sun can think of a way." Wang Ying said.

When you want to wait for your fighting power, know how to use the tricks at hand to be flexible and get back into the fight.

This is one of the skill experiences of advanced combat.

"Ying'er! Your ability to split. Can you split other things?"

"It can be split! Just add my splitting law! But now my power is restricted by Wang Ying Gorilla!" Sun Ying'er just finished speaking. He suddenly showed a surprised look: "Eh? How can I Suddenly I feel like my power is back..."

She was filled with surprise.

Because just after she complained, the power restricted by Wang Ying returned in an instant...

This made Sun Ying'er feel terrified.

"Okay! Now you cooperate with me. We will break her shield!"

External division Aohai!

This is Sun Rong's battle plan!

Monk Jin Deng arranged the split law inside the Sword Spirit space. The main reason is to allow Aohai to gain the ability to charge through the split body!

And now, the internal charging has been solved with the power bank provided by Wang Ling.

Then as long as the external split is completed, Aohai with full energy will continue to split and replicate!

Then theoretically, a high amount of sword energy output can be achieved in a very short period of time!

An Aohai can fire ten swords in a row at once.

Then ten Aohai!

That's a thousand swords!

One hundred Aohai. That is ten thousand swords firing together!

Even if Old God has the shield of the Holy Spirit.

With the sheer number of thousands of swords fired at once, it would probably be difficult to withstand them!

Sun Rong frowned. She became more serious. Behind her was the boundless sea. The extremely strong Taiyin finger power surged!

Under the secret communication between the two women.

Sun Ying'er also began to exert strength at this time.

She slapped the "split rule" on Aohai's stamina.

For a time, Aohai in countless energy-saturated forms began to split.

Two from one life, four from two, eight from four... More and more Aohai appear behind Sun Rong like an army!

"Want to play this trick with me?"

All I can say is that Old God deserves to be called Old God.

She immediately noticed Sun Rong's countermeasures.

She raised her hand and took out a jade whisk.

This is the "Whistfish of All Realms." It is also a gift given to her by Dao Ancestor Wang. It can condense the dust of heaven and earth, making each particle of dust as heavy as a mountain!

It is most suitable to limit the division of Aohai in front of us.

But just as she was about to wave the whisk.

Countless Sun Ying'ers in front turned into black shadows and attacked her, trying to hinder her actions!

"Get out of the way!" Old God shouted. He had to wave his whisk to drive away these fragments of Sun Ying'er.

"As long as I'm here, you can't even think of hindering Rongrong!" Sun Ying'er snorted. The countless split bodies were like missiles attacking Old God from all directions.

These fragments exploded the moment they approached the Old God. It was a standard suicide attack.

The Old God had to wave his whisk to drive away these splinters.

This is a tactic of attacking in the east and attacking in the west.

By the time Old God reacts, it seems to be too late to prevent Aohai from splitting!

Aohai's split has become a general trend. It is no longer a situation that she can solve with just a whisk.

A full thousand Aohai.

A powerful ocean of immeasurable energy burst out.

These breaths are superimposed together to form a virtual image of a divine sea whale in the void!

"The power is so huge that it forms a whale's body..." Er Ha was shocked.

This is a phenomenon that only occurs when the power of the water spiritual sword is powerful enough!

The power of the falling whale is a symbol of the sea nurturing and accommodating all things!

At this moment. Sun Rong is standing in front of thousands of energy-saturated forms of Aohai.

The huge Divine Sea whale was entrenched at her feet. The whale swung its tail. The tsunami rolled and released terrifying waves.

At this moment, she was like a heroine. The blue skirt that Ajuan gave her was like a battle armor at this moment. The strong wind roared, the sword energy and the sound of wind interspersed, playing a war song of a heroic woman.

"Aohai listen!" Sun Rong shouted.

"Sword Master. I'm here!" Thousands of Aohai responded in unison.

"Kill!"

The next moment, the girl pointed to the sky. Then she waved the spiritual sword in her hand.

Chi!

She faced Old God. Slash forward!

Thousands of sword energies are fired together. Cutting forward!

"Oops!" Old God thought badly.

These ten thousand sword energies are too powerful!

She wasn't even close when she rushed towards her. The strong sword wind that could split the space had already distorted her face!

This sword energy is too strong. It is unprecedented...

Ten thousand Alluring Swords. The auras were superimposed together. The sword aura had its own armor-piercing effect. It penetrated directly into her Holy Spirit Shield. Not only did it instantly break through the golden light beast around her, but it also made her cough up blood.

The blood of Old God fell from the corner of his mouth. It mixed with the red clothes on his body, and the color was completely indistinguishable.

Realizing that something was wrong, Old God decided to run away!

"To withdraw..."

There is no doubt that for a god, this is an extremely shameful choice.

She would actually be beaten up by a Foundation Building and run away.

But now for Old God, there is no other way.

She has decided that when she successfully evacuates, she will detonate the entire Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube and blow up all the Heavenly Dao stars!

This Sun Rong. Can't keep it!

Even if it costs the entire Heavenly Dao planet, Sun Rong must be completely destroyed.

However. Just as the Old God was about to abandon the core world and escape.

A dazzling golden light descended from the sky!

"What is this?!" Old God was shocked.

She was covered by this golden light. Her whole body was unable to move!

"This is Little Master Ling's {Stand Attention and Get Beaten Technique}!" Er Ha identified the origin of this spell. This is a branch of the {Great Immobilization Technique}.

Those who fall victim to the spell will be frozen in place and unable to move. They will receive the impact head-on!

"Even if you sent me here, your master still couldn't help but take action. This man is indeed spying on everything." Wang Ying smiled bitterly.

Everything is over.

In the sky, Old God was completely imprisoned by the {Stand Attention and Beaten Technique}. He was unable to move.

She must face it. Accept the impact of Sun Rong's ten thousand sword energy.

The scene in front of her was like the end of the universe. Thousands of sword energies shattered her core world into pieces. There were holes and storms in space everywhere.

"I am Dao Ancestor Wang's woman! Do you dare to touch me?"

Old God looked horrified: "If you kill me, Ajuan will die too!"

"Don't you understand yet?"

At this time, Sun Ying'er chuckled: "The man behind my Rongrong. But he can do anything!"

Boom!

The sword energy impacted and hit the Old God. Everything there was exploding and falling apart. Then the entire core world began to collapse.

The chaotic power of the universe seeped in from the gaps and mixed with the sword energy. Everything in the world was wailing.

Sun Ying'er's words.

It was also the last words that Old God heard before he was cut into pieces by ten thousand sword energies...





Chapter 1391 Sun Ying'er's alias: Sun Anxiang


Old God disappeared. Her iconic red dress disappeared along with the pair of golden wings.

Even the Ten Thousand Winged God ring on his head fell off.

The core world was destroyed. Sun Rong and others reappeared in the ancient temple. She picked up the Ten Thousand Winged God ring that fell on the ground.

For a moment, all the Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube chambers began to shake as if they had been stimulated. The space walls on all sides began to squeeze along the center, and were about to shrink into a ball.

Er Ha can clearly feel that there is a strong resentment at work: "It's Old God! This woman is using her residual thoughts to activate the Rubik's Cube. She plans to blow us all to death in the Rubik's Cube!"

"Ah! What should we do?"

Sun Ying'er had no clue. There was no way. She could only cry with Sun Rong: "Woooo! Rongrong! I hope I can be your shadow in the next life!"

"You idiot Ying'er. Don't say your last words so early..."

Sun Rong was very calm. She looked at Er Ha: "If the Master of Shadows is here, there will be something we can do, right?"

Wang Ying had been hiding in Er Ha's shadow for a long time. Finally, she showed up at this moment. She smiled and asked, "When did you discover me?"

"When Ying'er's power returns, I have already confirmed that you are with us." Sun Rong said. She looked at Wang Ying: "Can you take us out?"

"Of course."

Wang Ying said confidently. After saying that, he looked at Sun Ying'er: "It's a pity. You can't be Miss Sun's shadow in the next life. Moreover, I heard the bad things you said about me before. I will deal with you after I get out." account."

Sun Ying'er: "..."

The escape route Wang Ying has already been prepared. This is the purpose of Wang Ling sending him here.

So there is no need to find the exit of any secret room. This mere secret room in Heavenly Dao cannot trap Wang Ling, Wang Ying and others.

Then. A dark passage opened in front of everyone.

"What a pity. The Heavenly Dao secret room was compressed. All the good things in the secret room were destroyed." Er Ha said sadly.

"Can this be considered a good thing?" Wang Ying couldn't help laughing.

To be precise, he felt that these things might be good things in the eyes of Old God.

However, no matter in Wang Ling's eyes or in his own eyes, these things are worthless.

It's really scary when a woman becomes cruel.

He would actually think of the Heavenly Dao secret room that he carefully transformed to commemorate his emotional past with Dao Ancestor Wang. It was used to bury the other woman he was jealous of.

All I can say is that first, Dao Ancestor Wang made a mistake.

The second is that Old God still does not have a clear understanding of himself.

If this Old God knew that Sun Rong was in peace, he would probably die in peace, right?

After leaving the Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube secret room, Sun Rong stood next to the sinkhole on the Heavenly Dao star. Staring at the abyss below. A sparkling Rubik's Cube floated up from the bottom of the abyss.

What surprised Sun Rong was that the Rubik's Cube actually integrated with the Aohai in her hand.

"Congratulations, Miss Sun. Your Aohai is already a dual-core spirit sword."

"Aren't we going to hold an upgrade ceremony?"Sun Rong was surprised.

She heard the monk mention that dual-core Aohai can exert the power of "the most powerful sword in the world!"

One sword is as powerful as a hundred Alluring Swords!

"The Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube will attract and resonate with each other. The upgrade ceremony only needs to be performed once. It is used to fuse Aohai with the first Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube." Wang Ying replied.

He stared at the dual-core Aohai in Sun Rong's hand. Feeling the powerful combat power emanating from Aohai.

Sun RongThe current power of a sword. Can fight with Dao God.

Under Dao God, I'm afraid no one can withstand such sword power.

"I took away another Rubik's Cube. What should I do with the missing hole in this Rubik's Cube?" Sun Rong was worried.

"Of course there is a way." After Wang Ying finished speaking, he took out a brand new Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube from his sleeve. This Rubik's Cube is golden yellow! It is the same color as fresh dried noodles.

"Just replace it with a new one." Wang Ying said.

"This... was prepared from the beginning?"

"No. It's freshly baked. The Lord just made it."

"..."

"It's not difficult to make. The main reason is that it's difficult to collect the materials."

Wang Ying said: "Monk Jin Deng is responsible for the material collection work. It takes one day to collect the materials for two Rubik's cubes. After receiving the materials, the master pinched two in an instant. One was used to fill the unspeakable place. The hole. Now this one is used to repair the Heavenly Dao star."

After saying that, he dropped the golden Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube into the pit below.

Just for a moment. Under the abyss buried by endless darkness, there was a brilliant light. Bright repairing lights gush out from the bottom of the abyss like sweet springs, repairing the loopholes in this sinkhole.

The sinkhole is filling up quickly at a speed visible to the naked eye. It only takes a few tens of seconds to complete the repair.

Together with the buildings that were previously affected by the sinkhole and swallowed up, they have also been completely restored.

"In this way, will the imbalance of Heavenly Dao's Rubik's Cube be stopped?" At this time, Er Ha asked.

"It's just that there will be no changes temporarily. The current nine Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cubes are there. Mutual checks and balances are not a problem. But the energy of the new Rubik's Cube is too strong. It is by no means a long-term solution. So if you want to replace it, you have to use the remaining ones. Replace all seven of them together."

Wang Ying said. He looked at Sun Rong: "From today on, Miss Sun's job every night is to replace the Rubik's Cube. Now your dual-core Aohai has greatly improved your combat power. And Ying' er protects you. It is also good to take advantage of the opportunity to go out and practice again."

"Yeah! I'll do my best!" Sun Rong said.

Wang Ying found that the expression on the girl's face did not seem as happy as expected: "Is Miss Sun worried about Ajuan?"

"Her soul was swallowed up by the Old God. Can classmate Wang Ling do anything?"

"Actually, there is no need for the commander to take action at all." Wang Ying shook his head and said with a smile.

Now the Cat in the Abandoned Land is one of our own.

Say hello. It's not difficult to capture Ajuan's soul.

As for the soul that was devoured by the Old God, it was actually not Ajuan's complete soul. It was deliberately divided by Cat in the Abandoned Land and given to the Old God.

After Ajuan's soul was divided, Cat in the Abandoned Land quickly used magic to repair the soul.

Repair the soul. This is also one of the abilities of the God Spirit Column.

At this time, Sun Rong suddenly felt the Ten Thousand Winged God ring on his hand tremble slightly.

The curly-haired girl was like a kitten with its head stuck out of a coffee cup. She suddenly poked her head out of the divine ring: "Na na na! I'm back!"

"Ajuan!" Sun Rong said in surprise.

"I seem to be a little stuck..."

"Wait for Ajuan." Sun Rong held Ajuan's face. Then handed the magic ring to Sun Ying'er: "Ying'er, come and help me! Let's pull Ajuan out together!"

one two three!

Use force!

The two women worked together. Only a "squeaking" sound was heard, and the curly-haired girl was pulled out of the narrow divine ring.

"Old God's divine ring. The size is too small." Ajuan rubbed her chest. This is where it was stuck just now. It was pulled out by force. It caused her chest pain.

Sun Ying'er smiled evilly: "I didn't expect Ajuan to look young. He's quite promising, right? Listen to Old God, you are still an immortal soul. You will never grow old in your life. Aren't you the legendary legal lolita?"

"Hey. The immortal soul is actually not as good as I thought. I don't know why Old God is obsessed with this." Ajuan sighed.

After saying that, she bowed deeply to everyone: "Thank you for your help this time!"

"Ajuan, you're welcome. What you should really thank is your classmate Wang Ling." Sun Rong said with a smile.

"Ling Zhenren's kindness will never be forgotten by Ajuan. I will definitely repay the kindness!"

After saying that, Ajuan raised his head and glanced at Sun Rong: "And Rongrong, don't worry. I mean repaying a favor. It's definitely not a promise of one's own body."

"What the hell..." Sun Rong's face started to get a little hot again.

Although she has been teased again and again these days, she still doesn't seem to get used to such teasing.

Why...

Falling in love with a piece of wood is really difficult!

At this time, Ajuan said to Wang Ying. Her eyes flashed and she was lovely: "Sir Wang Ying, you and the Immortal people should go back first! I have something here that I want to give to Rongrong!"

"Okay. It's getting late. Tomorrow is the resumption day of Number 60 High School. I hope Miss Sun will come back soon." Wang Ying said.

"I know!"Sun Rong nodded.

Wang Ying's deliberate reminder of time actually has a purpose.

The time now is around five o'clock on Sunday afternoon...

There are still less than three hours left until the eight o'clock adjustment time every night.

As long as Sun Rong returns to Earth. According to the agreement, Sun Ying'er will report to him immediately.

Oh...

You actually called him a gorilla?

Then take a look at this guy. How big are the gorilla's chest muscles!

Before leaving, Wang Ying glanced at Sun Ying'er.

Sun Ying'er was trembling. There was a feeling of death omens flooding between her eyebrows.

In a quiet room inside the shrine.

Ajuan showed Sun Rong and Sun Ying'er some things that he had collected for many years. There were magic weapons, elixirs and some beautiful clothes. These things were like treasures. Each one shone with light.

Some are rare treasures obtained through Ajuan's experience, and some are inherited from the Old God.

Now that the Old God is dead, Ajuan still feels a little uncomfortable when he sees these things he inherited from the Old God.

"Ajuan is still thinking about Old God?" Sun Rong asked.

She can actually feel it. The relationship between Ajuan and Old God is very close.

But there's nothing she can do now.

He could only step forward and gently put his hands on Ajuan's shoulders to give the girl some comfort.

"Old God, even though she did very excessive things to me, I have always regarded her as a mother-like existence." Ajuan sighed.

She opened a box. A golden feather appeared in front of the three women. This feather was like a daytime firework, shining like the sun.

After Ajuan poured his own divine energy into it, the whole feather seemed to be on fire, shining with mysterious runes.

A feather that looks like it is burning, but emits a cold fire that is not hot. This cold fire has the power to freeze everything.

"Golden God Feather."

Ajuan said: "In order to freeze her appearance, the Old God found a treasure. She tried to use the golden feather to freeze her appearance. But unfortunately, she was unable to reverse her rejuvenated physique."

"These things are of great significance to you, right?" Sun Rong asked.

"Well...it used to be! But now! I think I should look forward!"

Ajuan smiled. His face was flushed. He was so cute that he wanted to kiss him: "Rongrong and Ying'er can pick these things at will!"

"Ah? Is this okay?"

"Why not! Whatever you like in my room is fine! Of course. Compared with the things Ling Zhenren gave you, these items of mine may not be valuable, but they are still my thoughts after all! Each of you must choose at least one item!"

Sun Rong is a little hesitant. After all, she is not a cheap person.

But Ajuan said so. She still had to give it to the King of the Divine Realm.

It's just that there are so many objects in front of me, which makes Sun Rong a bit dazzled. I don't know what to choose.

Or just pick something that doesn't look that valuable...

"What is this?" Sun Rong asked, pointing to an ugly little stone.

"Na na! Rongrong has such good eyesight! This is the Holy Moon Stone! It allows the spirit beast to complete the next stage of evolution instantly! The fourth grade is upgraded to the third grade! The third grade is upgraded to the second grade!"

Ajuan introduced eloquently: "If it is a first-grade spiritual beast, it can be upgraded to a holy beast! The holy beast has been extinct for a long time. There are less than three Holy Moon Stones scattered in the entire universe. This is one of them!"

"I...I'd better change it to something else!"Sun Rong was shocked. I didn't expect this stone to be so valuable.

Her eyes scanned the surroundings cautiously.

After all, she is the rich daughter of the Huaguo Shuilian Group. This ability to recognize objects Sun Rong is almost innate... Wherever her vision reaches, there must be something valuable!

And this is actually one of the reasons why the old man has a good impression of Wang Ling.

Because from her granddaughter's point of view, if she really likes a boy, then the boy is definitely a potential stock!

So even though Wang Ling's information clearly states that he is just a "Foundation Building period." Mr. Boss Sun doesn't care at all.

What happened to the Foundation Building period?

As long as it is a boy that his granddaughter likes, he will definitely be promoted to True Immortal in the future!

After observing for a long time, Sun Rong finally discovered something that he was very familiar with.

"Is this the Beauty Rejuvenation Pill?" she asked, pointing to a pink pill.

This elixir is placed in an ordinary-looking jar. It is almost the same as the Beauty Rejuvenation Pill refined by the Huaguo Shuilian Group. It is not strange for a girl to have a Beauty Rejuvenation Pill in her room.

"No! This is the Immortal Pill! It is made with the power of my immortal soul! After eating it, you will not grow old for the rest of your life!" Ajuan said.

"You will never grow old in your lifetime?"

"Yes. Never in my life."

Ajuan nodded affirmatively: "But it's a pity. This Elixir cannot fulfill Old God's wish. Rongrong is from Earth. Elixir is just right to use on you. The divine body of Old God. Relying on Elixir cannot reverse the situation. of."

"That's it." Sun Rong nodded.

But she still put the jar in her hand back to its original place.

"Hey. Don't Rongrong want to keep his youthful appearance for the rest of his life?" Ajuan asked.

She actually doesn't quite understand Sun Rong's behavior.

For a girl, appearance may always be the first thing.

"I think it is a very happy thing to be able to grow old slowly with the person you like." Sun Rong shook his head and said with a smile.

Anyway, with the strength of classmate Wang Ling...

If he doesn't want to grow old, he probably won't grow old, right?

"Ajuan! What is this!"

On the other side, Sun Ying'er spent a long time looking around the room. Finally, he found an emerald-green stick from a box under Ajuan's bed.

There are evenly distributed bumps on the stick. It looks a bit ugly and vulgar.

"I remembered. This is Old God's thing!" Ajuan stared at the emerald green stick for a long time and said, "This seems to be Old God's favorite thing when he was alive. It is said to be used for massage?"

Ajuan actually doesn't quite understand the purpose of this emerald green stick.

The main reason is that the stick is thick and short. It doesn't look like the legendary jade dog beating stick.

So Ajuan thoughtfully hid the stick. Unexpectedly, Sun Ying'er discovered it now.

"Ying'er...your taste is too bad. Why are you looking for weird things?"Sun Rong raised his eyebrows.

All I can say is that he is worthy of being her shadow.

"Okay! I know there is no shortage of sticks around Rongrong." Sun Ying'er said.

"What nonsense are you talking about..."

"Don't Boss Sun have an ancestral stick in his hand? It will definitely be passed down to you in the future!" Sun Ying'er said.

"..." Realizing that he had "dirty" Sun Ying'er's words, Sun Rong's face couldn't help but get hot again.

Sun Ying'er chuckled and threw the stick on the bed.

Humph! How could she still not know what her words meant?

Anticipate in advance that the other party will think that he will "dirty" you. This is the highest level of teasing!

"Ajuan. Don't tell me. Your Old God really has a lot of weird things."

Sun Ying'er found herself addicted to digging under the bed.

"What is this?" Sun Ying'er asked, pointing to a black pill sealed in the medicine box.

"Changing Pills." Ajuan replied.

"Ying'er. Put it down quickly..." Sun Rong shouted.

"What the hell?" Sun Ying'er had an incredulous expression.

"When Old God and Dao Ancestor were in love, I would sometimes feel lonely, so I would read some romance novels. These Changing Pills are for those short authors. After taking them, the things I write become very long," Ajuan explained.

After explaining. Sun Rong's face turned redder.

...

On the way back to Earth. The temperature on Sun Rong's face never stopped...

She suspected that Sun Ying'er deliberately picked some weird things to ask!

After returning to Sun Rong's bedroom, Sun Ying'er was still snickering maliciously. What she likes to see most is her Rongrong's shy reactions!

The weird things left by the Old God in Ajuan's room are secondary. The most important thing is Rongrong's cute reaction!

"Ying'er! What are you laughing at?"Sun Rong felt that after Sun Ying'er came back, the corners of his mouth started to rise crazily and almost never stopped.

"Hey. It's nothing. I just thought the black shorts I just wore were pretty good. Those were Dao Ancestor Wang's underwear!" Sun Ying'er said with a pity look on his face.

"Why do I need Dao Ancestor's underwear!!!" Sun Rong said in embarrassment.

In fact, neither Sun Ying'er nor Sun Rong. They didn't expect that Old God actually collected Dao Ancestor's underwear...

Listen to what Ajuan said. Putting on these underwear from Dao Ancestor Wang can make people's six senses pure, calm and relaxed, and calm the desires in the heart.

Ever since.

This pair of Dao Ancestor Wang's underwear also has an alias. It's called: Wang Zhichong.

The scene became awkward for a time.

In the end, Sun Rong and Sun Ying'er didn't choose anything. Sun Rong hurriedly pushed Sun Ying'er back.

If you let this girl continue to dig through it, she might be able to dig out some weird things.

Ajuan also realized that the room was a little messy. He agreed to leave the right to choose things next time and sent them back to the earth first.

In the bedroom, Sun Ying'er leaned back on the sofa with a look of pity: "Hey, Rong Rong! I still want that pair of underwear! I really do! Look at that gorilla, Wang Ying, if he had these on , he wouldn't be so mean to me!"

As soon as she finished speaking, her whole body was swept away by a black shadow again...

This time. Sun Rong didn't even have time to reply.

Everything happened so suddenly!

Sun Rong thinks that Sun Ying'er can change his name to Sun Anxiang.

...

Monday, December 7th.

This is the day when Number 60 High School resumes school. After everyone arrived at Number 60 High School, they were shocked by the majestic teaching building and the wide school gate in front of them!

The entire Number 60 High School has been completely renovated from the inside out! It really has a completely new look. It is completely different from the old appearance before!

Take the faded old stone sculpture at the main entrance of the school. After being beaten by countless wind and rain, the old stone sculpture has finally been retired. It was placed in the school history exhibition hall by Principal Chen.

Now, what greets the students of Number 60 High School at the door every day is a life-size golden statue of Zhuo Yi! It is also the kind of design with a flying sword on its feet! It really gives people a sense of déjà vu as a hero has arrived and is moving forward bravely!

It makes people feel excited from a distance!

"I heard that the statue of senior Zhuo Yi was built a long time ago. It was originally made of gold sand. Now that our school has money, it has been changed to pure gold."

"Made of gold sand? Isn't that just a sand sculpture?"

The location at the school gate. Many people wearing 60 High School uniforms were discussing it.

This is the resumption day of Number 60 High School. Many parents come to send their children to school in person. In fact, they mainly want to see what kind of changes have taken place in the campus environment.

Such a wealthy change makes parents feel relieved!

The school has money. This pleasing learning environment will naturally make people feel comfortable. And on the other hand, the teaching staff will definitely be improved to a higher level than before!

At the school gate, a black business car drove by. Jiang Xiaoche was sitting in the driver's seat. He was about to unbuckle his seat belt and get out of the car to open the door for Sun Rong.

But the girl refused on the spot: "Brother Xiaoche, no need. I can do it myself. You don't have to get out of the car to help me in the future!"

Jiang Xiaoche frowned: "But this is against the rules..."

"Rules are set by people! Now I think it doesn't hurt to be more low-key." Sun Rong smiled. She opened the door and got out of the car, and followed the people around her into the campus.

This scene made Jiang Xiaoche grit his teeth.

His hands were tightly grasping the steering wheel. He watched the girl enter the school surrounded by a group of people and then drove away in the car.

When they reached the corner, Jiang Xiaoche took out his mobile phone and began to lay out the battle plan: "Are you all ready?"

A deep male voice quickly came over the phone: "Everything is ready. Just on the way home from school today. Everything will be carried out according to Brother Jiang's instructions!"

"Okay!" Jiang Xiaoche nodded.





Chapter 1392 A love letter to Wang Ling


Number 60 The first day of high school resumption. This means that Wang Ling no longer has to take online classes, record study videos at home, or receive online roll call from Teacher Pan every morning. Who else has not handed in their homework during the public execution? 's message.

He thought his life was finally back on track.

But it turns out there's more to the problem than that...

One night before resuming school, Wang Ling's eyelids began to twitch regularly.

Although the level is not particularly high, this is obviously a bad warning.

Now Wang Ling's eyelid warning has a new understanding and improvement of the level of trouble after experiencing many incidents. Ordinary minor troubles will no longer trigger warnings easily.

Unless what happens next. A relatively explosive event...

First day back to school. Will there be big trouble?

As expected of myself!

Wang Ling thought to himself.

In front of Number 60 High School.

Wang Ling saw the new look of Number 60 High School. It is indeed much more luxurious than imagined...

The statue of Zhuo Yi in front of the door with a flying sword at its feet surprised Wang Ling. No one else. It was just because the posture was too crude.

Wang Ling remember that Zhuo Yi was very proud to explain to him the black technology of this statue last night.

It is said that the big pendulum clock on the teaching building of Number 60 High School was merged with the statue of Zhuo Yi.

Zhuo Yi has a flying sword on his feet. The point where the sword point is pointed is the hour hand. The right hand is the second hand and the minute hand. So the whole statue will continue to change posture as time goes by.

Of course. The most ridiculous place is every time at 12 o'clock at noon and 12 o'clock at midnight.

The Zhuo Yi statue's crotch will automatically open a hole. A golden pendulum will descend from inside. It will swing between the thighs...

Wang Ling walked along the school square towards the teaching building. I saw many students queuing up on both sides of the school square.

Chen Chao and Guo Hao, two treasures, were in the queue. They happened to be at the end of the queue.

"Wang Ling!!" Guo Hao greeted from a distance.

The little fat man obviously neglected to exercise during this period at home. Wang Ling felt that Guo Hao seemed to have gained a lot of weight compared to before.

In fact, Wang Ling himself is also fat. Fortunately, he has already used the {Big Fat Technique} to rub off the fat. The meat that was rubbed off is now stored in the King's Eyes space, just in case of emergencies. needs.

Wang Ling didn't know what the two of them were doing in line, so they walked over to take a look.

He shouldn't be a person who likes good things.

But I couldn't stand the warm greetings of Chen Chao and Guo Hao. It would seem a bit impolite if I didn't respond.

"Why do I feel like you have dark circles under your eyes Wang Ling? You look like you haven't woken up. I don't know, but you thought you were saving the world again when you were at home!" Chen Chao took the initiative to hook Wang Ling shoulder.

Wang Ling sighed inwardly: "..."

He knew Chen Chao was joking.

These days, people are criticized for having dark circles under their eyes. How dare he show off his dark circles?

It's true that I didn't sleep well. It's not because I didn't sleep enough that my mental state looked bad. On the one hand, it was because...

It's a dead fish eye. This kind of eye shape always gives people the feeling of not getting enough sleep.

On the other hand, yesterday's sudden eyelid warning scared the child Wang Ling...

But obviously, the eyelid warning should not refer to the matter at hand.

"Our school is really rich. There is a teleportation array in the school square!"

Guo Hao introduced to Wang Ling: "This is specially created for students who are late. It is open 24 hours a day. All the data has been input into the backend of the school's array control system. As long as you enter the school square, you can directly step into the teleportation array. Teleport to the door of your classroom. Up to 10 people can be teleported at one time."

"Hmm..."Wang Ling nodded.

He finally understood... This is the legendary welfare for lazy people.

However, such a formation is actually not needed to reach their classroom on the first floor. The time to walk there is much faster than queuing to teleport.

"This is the first time. Let's experience it. The main reason is that our school's facilities are now bigger. The teaching buildings are a few wider.

Some people couldn't figure out where the classroom was for a while," Chen Chao said. Soon, it was their turn.

Guo Hao hooked Wang Ling and Chen Chao's shoulders and walked in together.

"Wait for me!!"

At this time, Su Xiao rushed over and caught the last bus. Before the teleportation, he still bowed and apologized to the person behind him: "I'm sorry! We are in the same class!"

Alumni who were still waiting in line didn't mind too much.

Buzz!

Wang Ling and others appeared at the door of Class 1 and Class 3.

A classroom on the far right side of Teaching Building Number 1.

Then. There is no more...

Smoke began to rise from the school square.

The teleportation circle just used by Wang Ling was broken on the spot!

Guo Hao: "What happened? It broke just after we used it."

Chen Chao: "It must be used too frequently. Because this formation is originally used for people who are about to be late. The maximum number of transfers is 10 at one time. We only went up to 4. It is not overloaded! Unless someone weighs more than 1,000 kilograms. ah!"

Wang Ling: "..."

After successfully returning to the classroom, Su Xiao began to collect homework. Because the homework was completed online, this time he collected all USB flash drives.

So far, except for the teleportation array outside, nothing special seems to have happened...

However, Wang Ling still maintains full vigilance.

Come and collect Wang Ling U disk life. Su Xiao said: "Wang Ling. There seems to be something in your storage box. All the storage boxes. Only yours is lit."

"Storage box?"Wang Ling was startled.

"This is a newly added facility in the school. Everyone has one. It seems that the benefits given out by the school during the holidays are all delivered to the storage box. Everyone can pick it up by themselves. The pick-up place for our class is next door. And the second class It's merged." Su Xiao pointed to the direction.

"Who would be stuffing something into your locker this early in the morning?"

Guo Hao was curious. He hummed and smiled: "Could it be..."

"A love letter..."

?I don't think the possibility is very high." Chen Chao raised his eyebrows. His tone of voice couldn't help but become sour: "Last semester, Wang Ling didn't receive a single love letter! Nine times out of ten, it was Whose prank is it?"

Wang LingSilence: "..."

So now it seems that the contents in the storage box are indeed the prank love letters delivered by someone.

Fortunately. He has the habit of arriving at school early.

While there aren't many people there yet, just take your things out quickly.

Wang Ling quickly stood up and went to the storage room next door to find a box.

As Su Xiao said, of all the storage boxes, his is the one with the red light on. He can find it at a glance.

Guo Hao and Chen Chao followed behind to join in the fun.

"The default password is four zeros. Wang Ling Please open it quickly and take a look."

Guo Hao looked like he was watching the fun and not taking it too seriously.

Wang Ling Enter password.

Ding!

A pile of envelopes sealed with love stickers fell from the box with a crash. In an instant, they reached Wang Ling's knees...

This scene just caught the attention of Sun Rong who was passing by.





Chapter 1393 The Love Letter Controversy


All kinds of love letters. In total, there are hundreds of them.

Guo Hao and Chen Chao followed behind and helped Wang Ling clean up. When they were packing up, some of the letters were not stuck. The letter paper inside fell out. This just gave Guo Hao the opportunity to gossip.

For a time, everyone in the rear storage room became a crowd.

"Dear classmate Wang..."

Guo Hao read a letter and raised his head. The result was a surprise.

Damn! Is it really written to Wang Ling?

He continued reading: "Classmate Wang. I have admired you for a long time. Thinking of your strong physique makes me sleepless every night. Do you still remember. You once looked back at me and smiled..."

Wang Ling: "..."

"Looking back and smiling?"

Chen Chao laughed dumbly: "It's really a prank! How could Wang Ling smile back at someone!"

"It's not all necessarily a prank. There are so many letters. And the handwriting is all different."

Guo Hao casually opened the remaining letters and began to read: "Classmate Wang! I miss you so much! Can I be your female support? I'm very cute..."

"Classmate Wang. Even if we are not in the same school, I still believe in what is said in a certain cartoon: yearning will transcend time and space and bring me to you."

"Classmate Wang. I don't know what style you like. But I can change it for you! I have been eating papaya every day recently."

"Classmate Wang! I heard that you like fair-skinned girls. For you, I use cucumber as a facial mask every day. Many girls in our class follow suit. The price of cucumbers in the vegetable market has increased because of you!"

Wang Ling, Guo Hao, Chen Chao: "..."

Guo Hao was so frightened that he dropped the letter.

in these letters.

Lolita, royal sister, salty or sweet... all types of girls are available.

On-campus, off-campus, hospitals, Internet cafes, and various units are all available.

"There are even people from outside the school... and some of them are female college students who have already gone to work!" Guo Hao's exclamation was covered by Chen Chao and Su Xiao before he reached the maximum volume.

"You're crazy! Shouting so loudly!" Chen Chao hinted at the location of the door with his eyes.

No one is there. But the three of them know it very well. They know that Sun Rong is right next to it...

Because there were so many letters, they didn't know whether the letters were true or false.

There must be elements of a prank in it. But if there is a true confession letter, if it is not handled well, it will be a disaster.

"Anyway, what can be confirmed now is that there is definitely no such thing in our class. I know the handwriting of the girls in our class." Su Xiao said.

He is a study committee member. He is exposed to everyone's homework in the class almost every day. He is very confident in handwriting recognition.

It's not that there are no other girls in the class who like Wang Ling...

Mainly because Sun Rong is here.

And a long time ago, Sun Rong and Wang Ling publicly confessed their feelings. No one wants to touch the bad luck of that wealthy young lady.

"There are too many letters. I guess Wang Ling is also in a dilemma. I think I will handle this matter." At this time, Chen Chao stepped forward and volunteered.

Wang Ling was startled. He thought he heard wrongly.

"Now these letters may contain mixed truth and falsehoods. If you throw them away, you will definitely be criticized if they are discovered. If you accept them, some girls may misunderstand that you are interested in them. So this It's something. Wang Ling Just pretend you don't know." Chen Chao said.

As a man who received love letters in junior high school, Chen Chao seems to be very experienced in handling such incidents.

He reached out and patted Wang Ling on the shoulder: "We are all good brothers! Just leave this matter to me!"

That resolute look in his eyes revealed a strong belief.

Overall. Wang Ling thinks Chen Chao is a reliable man.

And he never expected that Chen Chao would choose to stand up and help him at this time.

What a good brother!

Wang Ling returned the look of gratitude.

Finally, a semester's friendship with classmates was not in vain!

But this matter. Wang Ling feels that it is not that simple...

...

On the other side, just before school, Jiang Xiaoche received a message.

According to the original plan, he hired a group of social thugs.

The one who reached the highest level was a Nascent Soul stager. He was given the nickname Lao Hui.

Lao Hui took about a dozen Golden Cores and planned to contain Wang Ling and Sun Rong on the way to school.

Employing such a large number of people cost Jiang Xiaoche a huge price. Two years of salary were wiped out overnight.

But he didn't feel bad.

All this is to capture Sun Rong and tie the girl to his belt forever.

As a result, just before school, Lao Hui got a piece of information. It was about "love letters."

"What? You mean. That Wang Ling received a lot of love letters? Is the news reliable?" Jiang Xiaoche asked.

"Very reliable. Brother Jiang, I spent money to find students to spy on. I heard that Miss Sun was depressed all day about this."

Lao Hui replied: "Of course. I heard that there are also elements of pranks in love letters. But the number is too large. There are always a few letters that are true. And the love letters are written to all kinds of people. There are girls in and out of school."

"What about these love letters now!?" Jiang Xiaoche became interested.

These love letters are key!

If you Wang Ling weren't showing mercy and flirting with women, where would you get so many love letters from?

Since this love letter is key evidence, you have to get it! When the time comes, show it in front of Mr. Boss Sun. Even if the old man doesn't believe it, you have to believe it!

"Now these love letters seem to belong to a person named Chen Chao. This person has a good relationship with Wang Ling. It seems that he intends to get rid of all the love letters for Wang Ling." Lao Hui said.

Jiang Xiaoche nodded: "After school, you can divide up another group of people to get these love letters back."

"Understood..."

Inside a van on the street. Lao Hui nodded and hung up the phone.

He sat in the passenger seat. Then he called to the people behind him: "Brothers, have you heard what Brother Jiang said? Since you have heard it, let's take action!"

"Yes!" everyone behind responded.

A whole van full of people.

They had invisibility charms attached to their bodies. They were armed with steel pipes, machetes and other dangerous controlled weapons. They jumped out of the car one after another.

These weapons look dangerous, but they are actually specially designed.

It just looks scary.

Jiang Xiaoche is back to work. But in fact, he is still afraid of hurting Sun Rong. So these weapons are special props used in filming blockbusters. They look dangerous, but in fact, when they are actually hit, they will not feel it at all. pain.

So on this day, the following magical scene occurred when Number 60 High School was out of school.

Chen Chao, who was about to leave school to deal with the love letter, was immediately targeted by Lao Hui's group of people.

Lao Hui's group of people were seen by Sun Rong again.

Behind Sun Rong were Wang Zhen and Fang Xing.

Then Wang Ling...

This is at the very back of everyone's mind.

In the morning, he had actually guessed who was behind the prank love letter.

And now. These two werewolves have jumped out!

Wang Ling was confused in his heart. He didn't understand what the purpose of Wang Zhen and Fang Xing was in doing this.

Are you really just bored? Do you want to observe Sun Rong's reaction?

Anyway, Wang Ling already knows it now.

These love letters were originally written to Wang Zhen.

So, if I cut off my love letter and give it to Liu Qingyi, what kind of magical chemical reaction will happen...

Kneeling on the durian is definitely inevitable!





Chapter 1394 The mantis stalks the cicada and the oriole follows behind


When he just left the school gate, Sun Rong noticed a group of suspicious people following Chen Chao.

These people were secretly wearing invisibility charms. However, this level of invisibility was completely exposed to Aohai's sword energy.

Aohai's sword energy is like a radar. It can easily scan ordinary invisible units.

At first she didn't know that this group of people also came for the love letter that Chen Chao was carrying.

It wasn't until Aohai used sword energy to introduce the secret conversations of the stalkers ahead to her ears that Sun Rong confirmed the other party's purpose.

"Attention. There are still a lot of people around now. Don't take action now. There is a dark alley ahead. There is an opportunity. The task of our group is just a love letter!"

"Understood. Just grab the love letter and knock the person unconscious."

"Yes."

"..." Sun Rong was shocked after hearing these words.

Forget it if there are men who compete with women for men these days.

There are actually men who compete for love letters from women...

She has been single for a long time. She looks pretty even when reading a love letter?

Sun Rong felt that the whole love letter incident revealed a strange feeling.

She knew that among the hundreds of love letters, someone must be playing a prank behind her back. But what if a few of them were true?

So Sun Rong decided to investigate after being confused for a whole day.

In addition, the girl also keenly captured one thing from the conversation just now.

That's what one of them said was "the mission of our group." Does that mean there's actually a second group, and a third group of people plotting something else?

It seems like this was a premeditated action!

The goal of this group may be more than just love letters!

At this moment, a very terrible thing suddenly occurred to the girl's mind.

Could it be that someone hid some important information in these love letters?

She thought of the common scenes in movies and TV series.

A group of extremely vicious criminals. In order to ensure that no evidence of crime is left behind, they use primitive methods to transmit information, communicate in code words, and then plan terrorist attacks!

Today is the first day back at Number 60 High School!

This group of suspicious people chose to appear at this time. There must be something wrong!

And this morning, a teleportation circle in the school square was broken.

That's a newly built magic circle!

Who knows if this group of people did it!?

"No. This group of people must be stopped." Sun Rong originally went there for Chen Chao's love letter.

As a result, while following her all the way, she noticed this group of suspicious guys!

If Sun Rong feels that he doesn't care, the situation may develop into a more serious direction.

The purpose of classmate Wang Ling upgrading her spirit sword is not to enable her to protect herself, protect her friends and partners around her, and get justice in a timely manner?

Wang Ling: "..."

Sun Rong behind.

Fang Xing, Wang Zhen and Wang Ling at the end all opened their mouths involuntarily.

After they used the art of telepathy to listen to the girl's thoughts, their facial expressions and movements were in sync. They all looked stunned.

All I can say is that Sun Rong deserves to be Sun Rong...

This way, I only walked less than 100 meters after leaving the school gate. I actually imagined the script like this!

At this time, Wang Ling lowered his head, put his hands in his trouser pockets, and walked forward pretending to be nothing.

Sun Rong said that another group of people was actually behind Wang Ling. They also had invisibility charms attached to their bodies. They were moving sneakily. However, the leader seemed very cautious.

Lao Hui followed with another group of people. Although he had already confirmed the locations of Wang Ling and Sun Rong in front of him, he had yet to find a suitable opportunity to take action.

He looked around with vigilant eyes. Sweat broke out on his forehead: "These idiots! Do you think you'll be fine just by putting on the invisibility charm? You don't even know if you've been discovered!"

All we can say is that Lao Hui is Lao Hui after all. He is a Nascent Soul master after all. He was aware of the exposure of his actions early on.

"Were they exposed? No way! Aren't the enemies we have to deal with only at the Foundation Building stage? The invisibility charm given by Brother Jiang is a high-end product. Even those at the Nascent Soul stage can't tell the difference!" said a boy.

Jiang Xiaoche spent huge sums of money to prepare props for this operation.

He is the chief secretary-general of the Huaguo Shuilian Group and a personal figure around Mr. Boss Sun. How could he support the operation with goods from the street stalls?

"I don't know what's going on..." Lao Hui was also puzzled.

Who knows why a Foundation Building period has such a strong identification ability?

Instead, these thugs from Golden Core and Nascent Soul are treated like street vendors!

They also cultivated step by step!

At this time, Lao Hui felt very depressed.

They are all people who made mistakes when they were young and have a criminal record. Therefore, no company dares to hire them even if they have high standards.

These days, even moving bricks on a construction site requires investigation...

Therefore, Lao Hui could only take the lead in starting this kind of business and joined the "Loyalty Group."

It sounds like a mafia, but it is actually a social and emotional organization that specializes in testing the emotions between men and women...

They are said to be "thugs." In fact, they never really hit anyone after they were good soldiers. They just played the role of "thugs."

"What should I do? Miss Sun has noticed them. Do you want to cancel the operation?" someone asked.

Lao Hui is also struggling with this issue.

Ever since they joined the "Loyalty Group", they have never failed on a mission.

There are countless scumbag men and women who have fully exposed their humanity under their deliberate intimidation.

When faced with danger, there are many couples who choose to protect each other and face danger together. But when their lives are in danger, according to the cases Lao Hui participated in, most people will choose to push the people around them out. Then run away alone...

According to Jiang Xiaoche's original plan, Lao Hui and the others planned to record Wang Ling's reaction after taking action against Sun Rong.

And now the group that went to snatch the love letters has been exposed.

The mission seems to be unable to continue.

But Lao Hui felt that this might be a good opportunity.

Because snatching love letters is not the main purpose of the operation...

"Now Miss Sun's attention is focused on the group of people in front. I think now is the right time to act." At this time, Lao Hui gritted his teeth and took out a tube of purple reagent from his Qiankun bag.

"What is this?" the boy next to him asked.

This was not originally a prop used in this operation. But in order to ensure the success of the operation, Lao Hui decided to use his own collection: "This is the "Water of Fear." The fear gas inside will evaporate quickly after falling to the ground. A radius of 500 meters Within. The party with low combat power will deepen the fear of the party with high combat power. It is an excellent tool to test those scumbag men and scumbag women! The greater the realm span, the stronger the fear effect. In severe cases, it will directly cause shock!"

"Is it so useful?"

"But the effect only lasts 3 minutes. So we must fight quickly!"

Snap!

As soon as he finished speaking, Lao Hui, who was following Wang Ling, immediately threw the reagent on the ground.

Along with the continuous volatilization of gas.

Lao Hui and the younger brothers around him suddenly felt a feeling of myocardial infarction when facing the back of Wang Ling...





Chapter 1395 The wheel of the car hit my face


A strong feeling of discomfort spread to the hearts of Lao Hui and the younger brothers behind him. Their faces quickly turned pale, and then they began to have difficulty breathing.

Lao Hui didn't know what happened, let alone why the back of a boy in the Foundation Building period looked so scary!

In the eyes of Lao Hui and others, Wang Ling is now a wild beast with teeth and claws!

Is this the legendary back-shadow killing...

It only took a moment. The dozen or so invisible units behind Wang Ling, led by Lao Hui, all fell to the ground.

Lao Hui lay on the ground and struggled for a while. Then he completely lost consciousness and fell into a temporary state of shock.

A battle has already been declared over before it even begins.

The gas emitted by the Water of Fear is colorless and odorless. It is not easy for people to detect.

However, in fact, even Lao Hui himself would not have thought of it.

In addition to having a "terrifying back", the player in front of him is also a walking air purifier.

The gas emitted by this "Water of Fear" has not been completely diffused through the air. It has been inhaled into Wang Ling's body. Then it was all purified.

Wang Ling's human body purification ability is unimaginable.

Otherwise, with the power of this water of fear, I don't know how many people would faint within a radius of 500 meters...

...

Wang Zhen and Fang Xing followed Sun Rong. They were sure that Sun Rong had noticed the invisible unit ahead.

"Dual-core Aohai. It's really amazing...I feel like I may not be her opponent now." Wang Zhen swallowed.

He had already felt the terror of Aohai's sword energy from several places apart.

This is just the normal flow of sword energy. It is like a bottle of perfume that has been left standing. It is emitting fragrance to the surroundings. Sun Rong did not let Aohai's sword energy be released at all. The breath was already very terrifying.

"Is this the strongest Foundation Building? It is indeed very strong."

Fang Xing touched his chin and said meaningfully: "Let's withdraw."

Now Sun Rong's combat power has become stronger. They continue to follow. I'm afraid they will be exposed.

"Aren't you going to observe Student Sun's reaction?" Wang Zhen said via voice message.

"That's enough. It seems like she really cares. Otherwise, she wouldn't be following Chen Chao right after school." Fang Xing said.

They chose to follow Sun Rong before. On the one hand, they wanted to see Sun Rong's reaction. On the other hand, they also noticed a group of people wearing invisibility charms and acting suspiciously.

As a core member of the Office of Strategic Deception, Sun Rong's existence is like a younger sister to Wang Zhen and Fang Xing.

They were worried that something might happen, so they kept following Sun Rong.

But now, after truly feeling the terrifying sword energy emanating from Aohai, Fang Xing felt that this was no longer necessary.

To use a classic movie line. Now Sun Rong can put his hands on his hips and shout: "I want to fight ten!"

But it depends on the actual situation.

With such combat power, it would be useless even if there are hundreds of millions of Golden Cores...

Sure enough, Wang Zhen and Fang Xing had just walked a few steps along another road.

There was movement in the dark alley.

Sun Rong stepped into the dark alley. The powerful sword energy was released.

Boom!

A huge pressure fell from the air. The members of the loyalty team were instantly shaken out of their wits. One by one, they foamed at the mouth and fell to the ground.

"Classmate Sun Rong? Why are you here..." Chen Chao was shocked. He had no idea what was going on.

I only heard a sound of falling to the ground behind me.

When he turned around, he saw Sun Rong standing behind him.

"Chen Chao. Sorry..."

Chen Chao had no idea what happened to White Hair. He was knocked unconscious by Sun Rong's quick blow with the knife.

Sun Rong retained his strength. The palm of his hand was covered with a hint of Aohai's sword energy. It was enough to stun Chen Chao.

The girl's actions were clean and neat. She struck decisively without any hesitation.

In the blink of an eye, all those people with the invisibility charms were knocked down by Sun Rong's sword energy.

She recycled all the love letters. Then she helped Chen Chao, who had fainted, to the side. Then she started calling Jiang Xiaoche.

Jiang Xiaoche received the message from Sun Rong. He thought his plan was successful. He was overjoyed: "What's wrong, Miss? Are you in trouble?"

"Yes! It's very troublesome!"

Sun Rong thought for a moment and nodded: "Mainly, there are a lot of people who fainted..."

"What?" Jiang Xiaoche was stunned.

"There is a group of Golden Core gangsters who followed my classmates all the way. I don't know what happened. They all seemed to have fainted. Before they wake up. Brother Xiaoche, please come over and deal with it quickly! The other thing is... my one My classmate's name is Chen Chao. He also fainted. Remember to send him home!" Sun Rong said.

"???"

Hang up the phone. Jiang Xiaoche has many questions in his mind.

...

So on the first day that Number 60 High School resumed school, Number 60 High School was in the news...

It's not because of the renovation of Number 60 High School.

The content of the news report was mainly related to a car accident that occurred in front of 60 High School.

Wang Ling While watching the news, I felt that the female anchor was suppressing her laughter while reporting this incident.

Female anchor: "An accident occurred in front of 60 High School in Peiyuan District, Songhai City. Fourteen men with invisibility charms and special film and television props were lying neatly on the road in front of 60 High School. So much so that parents driving to pick up their children could not avoid running over them. Please read the detailed interview news below..."

On TV, a female reporter handed the microphone to Lao Hui: "Who are you? Why do you appear at the school gate with an invisibility charm?"

"I...we are members of the crew. On the way home from filming, I forgot to open it. Then I was so tired that I fainted and fell to the ground..." Lao Hui explained in a hurry.

His face and body were all covered with wheel marks.

No fewer than a dozen cars ran over him.

If it weren't for the foundation of realm, I'm afraid it would have become meat paste...

As for the Golden Core cultivators behind them, they were not so lucky.

They were also like Lao Hui. They were forced to suffer the experience of being repeatedly run over by cars.

But they were not as unscathed as Lao Hui. Except for wheel marks on their bodies, most of them had broken bones.

After being a good man, he joined the Loyalty Group for many years. Although Lao Hui also had the experience of laughing and joking with the group members from time to time.

It's just that he didn't expect that one day a car would actually run over his face!

--This is. Really, the wheel of the car is crushing your face!

What a bad luck!

...

At the same time, on the other side, in the top office of Huaguo Shuilian Group, Sun Yiyuan received a report from Jiang Xiaoche.

"Eh? Rongrong was attacked by a group of people wearing invisibility charms on the way home from school. Then these people fainted for no apparent reason?" Sun Yiyuan put down the newspaper with a serious look on his face.

"Yes." Jiang Xiaoche nodded: "Although the lady was safe, during the whole process, the classmate Wang Ling was just watching from behind! He did nothing! It's really too much!"

"Xiaoche. I'm not talking about you. Your hostility towards your classmate Wang seems a bit obvious."

Boss Sun rolled his eyes and said, "You said these people are wearing invisibility charms. He is in the Foundation Building stage. How could he know that someone is planning to attack Rongrong!"

"..."

The logic is clear and well-organized. Jiang Xiaoche instantly felt that he could not refute it.

Boss Sun even smiled after he finished speaking: "They say that student Wang is a mascot, and it's true. You see, Rongrong was originally going to be in danger. In the end, this Wang Ling just happened to be behind her, isn't that indirectly helping Rongrong to turn danger into safety? I didn't think that Mr. Wang would be a good wife."

"???" Jiang Xiaoche was shocked.

God is so prosperous with his wife...

However, he was still unconvinced: "But I heard that he received a lot of love letters today..."

"How many envelopes?"

"More than a hundred letters."

"You have the same demeanor as I did back then. I received thousands of letters back then, but you didn't make such a fuss."

"..."

"Collecting more shows that you are attractive. It indirectly proves that Rongrong has a good vision."

"..."

...

In the bedroom. Sun Rong dumped all the love letters on his bed.

Sun Ying'er looked shocked: "There are so many love letters! Can you read them, Rongrong? You have the task of recovering the Rubik's Cube tonight..."

Sun Rong sat upright on the bed with his arms folded. He took a deep breath and said decisively: "Check! Er Ha will be here in half an hour. You can watch as much as you can."





Chapter 1396 Miss Sun becomes serious


Jiang Xiaoche discovered a very serious problem.

All this time, all his actions against Wang Ling seemed to be assists...

Of course, he felt that this was not entirely his fault.

The main thing is that Boss Sun's fan filter is so strong that he can even make up such a magical thing as a "prosperous wife."

(╯‵□′)╯︵┻━┻What the hell is this!

After returning home, Jiang Xiaoche opened a bottle of champagne and poured it into a goblet to relieve stress. He planned to drown his sorrows with wine. But the more he thought about it, the more frustrated he became.

Boom!

He exerted force. The goblet in his hand was crushed by him: "You have the guts. Wang Ling! Pick up girls. I, Jiang Xiaoche, would like to call you number one!"

As a man of dignity. He will not give up chasing Sun Rong.

At the same time, as a big pig's trotter, he also needs to relieve himself.

Last time I didn't make an appointment with Jiang Yingying, who looked very similar to Sun Rong. Jiang Xiaoche has always been obsessed with that girl.

Anyway, there was nothing else to do now. He turned his attention back to Jiang Yingying.

"Miss, do you want to make a date?"

Jiang Xiaoche changed his WeChat account and tried to add friends.

A few seconds later, the sound of a cell phone being thrown came...

He was blacklisted by Jiang Yingying again!

It's simply a standard ending!

...

Over here, Jiang Xiaoche is very depressed.

In the room of Sun Rong on the other side. Sun Rong is also very depressed.

The two girls sat on the bed and checked the letters one by one. Sun Ying'er summoned several split bodies to help check. After reading less than twenty letters, Sun Ying'er felt tired.

Yesterday on the moon. Wang Ying had just trained her. In fact, she has not recovered yet.

And because Sun Rong had to perform the task of recycling the Rubik's Cube recently in the evening, her training time was also temporarily changed.

It turns out that I report to the moon on time at eight o'clock every night.

Now it has been changed to 2 hours of random training every day...

Then I thought about how I still owe daily self-criticism and haven't written it yet.

At this moment, she was still busy checking love letters for her Rongrong family. Sun Ying'er felt like the heroine in a tragic novel. It was so miserable!

More than a hundred love letters. After preliminary screening according to the standards set by Sun Rong, Sun Rong has removed more than 60%.

Some of them looked like pranks, while others were directly removed from the ranks of "competitors" by Sun Rong just based on their handwriting.

"I think the expression in this letter is quite sincere. Why did Rongrong remove it based only on the handwriting?" Sun Ying'er frowned and couldn't help but ask.

"The content is really good. The language is rich and full, and the wording is gorgeous and touching. But it's a pity. The font is round. This girl probably doesn't manage her weight well. I don't think classmate Wang Ling will like such a fat girl."

Sun Rong was immersed in reading the letter. He said with a serious expression: "Besides, this girl's writing is too heavy. It proves that she usually has a more fiery personality. But the words she expresses are full of delicacy. To describe it in four words: Duplicity is different."

Sun Ying'er made a sound and swallowed.

A woman who is serious has a strong smell of gunpowder. Although there is not a single curse word in her words, Sun Ying'er still feels an aura of danger.

Start by checking the letter. This is the expression of the girl.

She seemed like a completely different person. She had no intention of relaxing at all.

Sun Ying'er originally wanted to tease Sun Rong. But it turned out that Sun Rong seemed to have entered an immune state!

The way Rongrong looks serious is really scary!

"Rongrong. What are you going to do to these girls? Do you mean to capture them and take them to Shenjiang?" Sun Ying'er asked tremblingly.

"This is a society ruled by law. How could I do such underworld activities?"

Hearing this, Sun Rong looked like he was deep in thought. After a long silence, he said carefully: "It depends on the situation."

"for example?"

"Introduce them to new boyfriends. Or give them enough funds to send them abroad. Anyway, at their age, they are just trying to be fresh." Sun Rong said.

"Aren't you a newbie?" Sun Ying'er asked.

This question made Sun Rong raise his head. He looked at Sun Ying'er with a firm look: "I'm not."

"I...I know Rongrong..."

Sun Ying'er mentioned it casually. She never expected Sun Rong to answer her so seriously.

Within half an hour. With the help of Sun Ying'er and the split body, Sun Rong successfully screened all the letters.

In the end, only nine love letters remained.

"Do you want me to ask the old man to check?" Sun Ying'er asked.

"No need. This will make grandpa laugh." Sun Rong shook his head.

At this time, Er Ha's voice came from in front of Sun Rong's bedroom door: "I wonder if I delayed you from doing the census?"

It was directly transmitted by Lord Ma. It landed right in front of Sun Rong's door.

"Come in..."

Sun Rong Just thought of Er Ha. Er Ha appeared.

She looked confused: "How do you know what I am doing?"

"The fly at the door of Number 60 High School told me. I am also very well-informed now." Er Ha said with a smile.

The flies in the human world are far less enjoyable to eat than the big meat flies in the demon world. Since they are tasteless, it is better to make use of them in reverse. And this is Er Ha's "Fly Integration Plan from the Human World."

"You actually control a fly intelligence network..."Sun Rong felt like an eye-opener.

"Nothing." Er Ha chuckled. It looked at Sun Ying'er: "Don't forget. You still owe me 20 sacks of big meat flies."

Sun Ying'er: "..."

She almost forgot that she even had this homework!

This was the agreement she and Er Ha made privately when they were in the Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube Chamber.

I made a promise. I had to complete it with tears in my eyes!

"So. What do you want me to do?" Er Ha already knew what Sun Rong wanted to do. It stared at the nine love letters sifted out from the girl's hand: "Find these girls and swallow them directly?"

"No! You just need to help me find them. Leave the rest to me." Sun Rong said.

"Awesome. Do you want to kill them yourself?" Er Ha teased.

"Who said they were going to kill them...it was just a matter of talking with reason and emotion."

Sun Rong got out of bed. Bowed to Er Ha: "Please. Er Ha!"

"Yes. I have a good attitude. I will have no problem helping you. Finding these girls will be easy for me."

Er Ha walked over and smelled the smell on these letters. She already knew them in her heart.

"Let's go recover the Rubik's Cube first. I'll take you to identify it when I get back."

At this point, Er Ha frowned: "But it's strange. I can smell the scent of an acquaintance on these letters. Including the pile you sorted out on your bed."

"The smell of familiarity?"

"Yes. I'm sure there's nothing wrong. After I became a mythical beast, my sense of smell has improved greatly. These letters all have Wang Zhen's scent."

"Wang Zhen?"

Sun Rong was shocked: "You mean... Wang Zhen pretended to be hundreds of girls and wrote love letters to Wang Ling?"

Because the situation he imagined was too shocking. Sun Rong couldn't recover for a long time.

If these letters are all written by Wang Zhen, then Sun Rong can't help but ask... why are there such idle and painful people in this world!

"I didn't say that."

Er Ha was ashamed. It stared at Sun Rong and said: "Have you ever thought about another situation? Maybe these letters were originally written to Wang Zhen."





Chapter 1397 Exploring the Sword King Realm


After Er Ha's reminder, Sun Rong finally discovered the blind spot that appeared when checking letters.

All the letters here seem to be titled "Classmate Wang."

And a very strange thing is that there is a strange gap between the characters "王" and "Classmate" in many letters.

If these letters were not originally written to Wang Ling, then everything seems to make sense now.

"Do you believe Brother Wang Zhen... But why did he do this?" Sun Rong was full of doubts. But after knowing the whole story, Sun Rong felt a lot relieved.

"It's probably just a prank. I want to see your reaction." Er Ha hit the nail on the head.

"My... reaction?" Sun Rong sighed inwardly.

She is too difficult. The road to chasing Wang Ling is already difficult enough.

They also have to be "molested" by these seniors in the world of cultivation one by one.

"So does Sister Qingyi know about this?" Sun Rong asked.

"I probably don't know." Er Ha said.

Sun Rong looked calm and showed a kind smile: "Then I think she needs to know."

Er Ha: "..."

Sun Rong: "So now. There is only one person left."

Er Ha was puzzled: "What kind of person?"

Sun Rong: "Now I know. The letters written on the letterhead to classmate Wang are all addressed to brother Wang Zhen. These can be eliminated. Then there is only one letter left."

"There is actually a real love letter?"

Er Ha and Sun Ying'er were both stunned after hearing this.

"Well. The letter on the letterhead is classmate Wang Ling. And this was originally the focus of the nine letters I selected." Sun Rong took out the pink-covered letter from the nine letters. said.

"Do you need me to help you find it?"

"No need. This girl has already written down the address and signature."

Sun Rong frowned slightly: "Her name is Jiang Yingying."

"Jiang Yingying?"

Er Ha felt that this girl's name seemed familiar. It seemed as if she had heard it somewhere.

It feels like this matter has become a bit complicated...

"Collect the Rubik's Cube first. Anyway, there is only one opponent. When I come back, I will meet her in person." Sun Rong said with a smile.

From the original nine "opponents" to one "opponent", this really relieved a lot of the burden on the girl's heart.

"So where is the third Rubik's Cube?" Sun Ying'er asked.

"Sword King Realm."

Er Ha raised his dog's head. He looked at Sun Rong and said, "It is said that this is the place where Master Jingke was born."

At that time, the monk repeatedly broke into the Sword King Realm in order to collect the ancient pillars of the Sword King. It was a very dangerous secret realm in the universe! The location was in the Eastern District of the Extraterrestrial Galaxy!

There is a sword storm outside the Sword King Realm, accompanied by a strong gravitational force. If you are not strong enough, you will be immediately drawn in and crushed to pieces.

So overall, the difficulty of this mission is no easier than the last time.

Even far more dangerous than the Heavenly Dao planet.

However, the main danger is focused on external breakthroughs. As long as you can successfully break through the Blade Storm, it will be much easier to move within the Sword King Realm.

At the same time, in order to ensure the smooth operation, another core member of the Office of Strategic Deception came to help this time.

"Sir Bai Qiao, you can come out now." Er Ha looked out the window and shouted.

Along with a brown sword light passing through the window, the white-haired otaku girl with headphones hanging around her neck appeared in front of everyone. She was still wearing the iconic one-piece pajamas of the fire-breathing dragon.

"Senior Bai Qiao!" Sun Rong greeted.

Bai Qiao's face was a little red: "Hurry up and work! I took the time to help you. I hope you can recover the Rubik's Cube more quickly. Don't waste time by being clumsy! Humph!"

Facing such venomous words, Sun Rong was not only not angry. On the contrary, he felt that the girl in front of him was a bit cute.

Bai Qiao's character is like this. Sun Rong remembers Zhuo Yi telling himself about the experience of searching for Bai Qiao. At that time, Bai Qiao beat everyone with his mouth. Even Wang Lingnever let go.

So for Bai Qiao, as long as the reverse understanding is achieved, there will be no problem.

"Lord Ma has never been to the inside of the Sword King Realm. He can only teleport us to the outside. Breaking through the sword storm is difficult. But I think Master Bai Qiao has already thought of a way, right?" Er Ha waggled his tail and talked to him as pleasantly as possible. Bai Qiao had a conversation.

It actually doesn't like Bai Qiao's character very much. But for Jingke's sake, Er Ha always has to give him some face.

"A bunch of trash."

Bai Qiao snorted. Then he transformed himself into the form of a scabbard.

The small scabbard gradually enlarged after a burst of halo changes, and then turned into a small immortal ship the size of a sports car.

Fortunately, Sun Rong's bedroom is spacious enough. Even if there is an additional small immortal ship, it will not make people feel crowded.

"How can it still be like this?"

This was the first time even Er Ha had seen such a scabbard shape. He was surprised.

"This is a skin transformation technique." Bai Qiao said.

When it comes to playing games, it doesn't matter if your skills are not good sometimes. Your skin must look good.

As a senior otaku, Bai Qiao also has in-depth research on the skin of her scabbard. Therefore, she often develops "skin transformation techniques" based on the inspiration collected in the game to make her appearance more gorgeous.

Although the Bai Qiao now looks like a small immortal ship, it is actually a scabbard. There is a socket at the end of the immortal ship, and a sword can be inserted into it.

This set of "Galaxy Magic Armor" skin was also inspired by Bai Qiao's recent play of auto chess. Even Bai Qiao himself did not expect that it would come in handy so quickly.

Sit on the immortal ship. The leather sofa inside makes Sun Rong feel more comfortable: "Senior Bai Qiao is so amazing!"

"You don't have to say that?" Bai Qiao said with some pride: "Now, let's go!"

As soon as he finished speaking, Lord Ma's teleportation golden light fell from the sky on time, transporting everyone to a fixed point outside the secret realm of the Sword King Realm universe in the East District of the extraterrestrial Galaxy...

...

The Wang Family Villa. Wang Ling felt Er Ha, Sun Rong, and Bai Qiao's breath disappear from the earth. They immediately knew that they had begun the recovery mission.

"Sword Master. Bai Qiao. Really. Can it be done?" Jingke couldn't help but ask from the side.

Wang Ling reached out and rubbed Jingke's soft white hair. He could actually feel Jingke's worry.

Although the Sword King Realm is indeed his hometown, it is too chaotic. Since ancient times, countless spiritual swords have been bred from the Sword King Realm. From the moment they were born, they have been trying their best to escape from that place.

Tens of trillions of spiritual swords have been struggling for thousands of years. They tried to break out. But in the end they faced failure and turned into sword tombs in the Sword King Realm.

Jingke remembers that he broke through the Sword King Realm. It also took a long time?

About a week?

He used his sword energy to grind a gap and successfully escaped from the sword storm.

And right behind him is "Yu"...





Chapter 1398 Friends from the Sword King Realm


The overall number of naturally formed secret realms in the universe is not large.

Within the extraterrestrial galaxy, the total number of all cosmic secret realms is less than forty.

The factors that form the secret realm of the universe are extremely complex. The ten major families in the God's Domain have invested a lot of resources in exploring the secret realm of the universe and studying the reasons for its formation. So far, it is still not fully understood.

At present, we only know that the formation of the secret realm of the universe is related to chaos.

Strictly speaking, this research does not make much difference whether it is researched or not... But in order to ensure their status as the boss of the ten major families in God's Domain, this research must be done. And since there is research, there must be research funds.

As for where the oil and water in the funds went, only the people of the ten major families know.

Studying the nature of the secret realm of the universe is to deepen our understanding of the secret realm so that we can more easily obtain precious resources from the secret realm.

To put it bluntly, in the final analysis it is just for the sake of food.

Take the Sword King Realm as an example. If you can freely enter and exit the Sword King Realm regardless of the blade storm, and freely bring in and out the spiritual swords naturally bred in it, and then buy and resell them, you will make a fortune.

Wang Ling is capable of doing this.

However, Father Wang and Mother Wang taught him from a young age that he was not allowed to use his abilities to make money.

So in fact, if Wang Ling can use his abilities, he can definitely become a rich man...not to mention the Sword King Realm. As long as he sells all the death talismans he drew in his hand, that's enough.

Bai Qiao uses his own "Galaxy Magic Armor" skin to safely lead everyone through the blade storm. These sword blades with high psychic powers are actually as fine as dust.

Just imagine, what would it feel like if every grain of sand on the beach on the coast was a blade?

Cultivators are involved. Without a very high state, there is no return.

Even if you can resist it for a while, the blade storm layer is too thick. One mistake and you may fall directly.

Even if you can finally travel there, you still have to consider the return journey.

Although Bai Qiao's body is made of peach wood, its hardness is stronger than a metal sword. During the shuttle process, the mecha's skin is scattered with metallic light like bright stars.

In the end, Bai Qiao led everyone to successfully land on a barren mountain near the coast.

This is the very famous Broken Sword Mountain in the Sword King Realm.

It's not so much a mountain. It's actually a huge broken sword, dozens of feet high.

According to rumors, this was originally a large sword with a very thick body. It was bred in the Sword King Realm thousands of years ago.

It was as big as a mountain when it was born. Many sword spirits think that the great sword is a rare prodigy. Maybe it can be challenged to break out of the sword storm.

Then there is no more.

The attack of Great Sword and Sword Spirit failed.

Its body is divided into two.

Half of it fell into the sea of swords ahead. The other half turned into a broken sword and was stuck on the coast forever. It became Broken Sword Mountain.

Then it became a major attraction in the Sword King world forever.

Over the past thousand years, countless newly-born sword spirits have "visited here" and carved their own opinions on the story of the Great Sword Spirit's impact on Blade Storm.

"If you don't seek death, you won't die."

"So. What's the use of being big? Isn't it just a fat sword?"

"Fortunately I'm not a big sword!"

"Just stay in the Sword King Realm honestly. Feel free to attack the Blade Storm. You are seeking death!"

...

On the mountain wall of Broken Sword Mountain. Sun Rong can see these words engraved on it everywhere.

It goes without saying that these carvings come from other sword spirits.

"These rubbish. Resentful of heaven and earth." were the words on the mountain wall. Bai Qiao rolled his eyes on the spot when he saw it.

She had also heard about this big sword.

In the former Sword King Realm, after all the sword spirits were born, their first thought was to attack the Blade Storm, even if they failed in the end and paid the price with their lives.

This was considered an honor in the past.

What was once regarded as an act of honor is now being interpreted by more and more sword spirits as "overestimating one's capabilities." This serves as a warning to subsequent sword spirits not to challenge Blade Storm at will if they are not confident enough.

So. This has led to more and more sword spirits in the Sword King Realm.

Moreover, the new sword spirit was affected by the new ideas and became more and more timid.

Later, like Jingke, like Yu... those sword spirits who had successfully escaped from the Sword King Realm. In the stories of these new generation sword spirits, they all became legends.

It was once thought to be impossible.

"Has Senior Bai Qiao ever returned here?" Sun Rong asked curiously.

"You can come back when you want to come back, and you can go out when you want to go out. There's nothing difficult about it." Bai Qiao shrugged her shoulders and sighed: "It's a pity that the new generation of Sword Spirits are not as good as their predecessors, it's really not as good as the next generation."

In comparison, her Jingke is much better.

It only took one week to successfully break through the Blade Storm and become recognized as the number one sword spirit among the sword spirits.

However, Youdao is a good man, not to mention his past bravery. Bai Qiao feels that there is no need to show off the past.

Without further ado. Sun Rong immediately released Aohai's sword energy and tried to sense the location of the third Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube.

However, the perception this time was not as smooth as last time on Heavenly Dao.

There are too many sword spirits in the Sword King Realm. The sword energy is all intertwined into a ball, forming a natural shielding network, which prevents Aohai's sword energy induction from spreading out smoothly.

"This is why the Lord asked me to bring you here. Although your combat power is strong, it is mainly concentrated on Aohai. Don't think too much of yourself. You must ask for help when you need it. It is wrong to be too proud and complacent. "Bai Qiao reminded.

This sentence is actually the opinion of other people in the Office of Strategic Deception. However, considering that those people would not say it easily due to their face, Bai Qiao volunteered to stand up and be the bad guy.

Hearing this, Sun Rong didn't say a single unnecessary argument. He just accepted the advice with a smile on his face: "Senior Bai Qiao said that. I will definitely keep it in mind."

Bai Qiao nodded with satisfaction: "Just wait. I also have a few friends in the King of Swords world. This time they will lead the way and take us to replace the Rubik's Cube."

"Friend?"Sun Rong raised his eyebrows.

Less than three minutes passed. A hundred meters ahead, Sun Rong relied on their sword energy to sense three people approaching them at light speed.

One woman and two men. The leading female sword spirit was wearing a black leather tight-fitting battle suit. It perfectly outlined her sexy and concave figure.

"Very strong sword energy." Er Ha felt it slightly and said.

Soon, the three sword spirits turned into streams of light and appeared in front of them at high speed. Then they all knelt on one knee and greeted Bai Qiao: "Sir Bai Qiao! I was late waiting to welcome you! Please forgive me!"

"Forget it. Everyone, get up."

Bai Qiao wanted to blame her, but she felt that quarreling again would only delay her time to complete the task and go back to play games.

So. She gave up.

"This is Carter."

Bai Qiao pointed at the female sword spirit in front of him. He introduced to Sun Rong and Er Ha: "Carter's body is a short sword. Her special skill is the Death Lotus. It can divide itself into thousands of swords. Then it forms Tornado."

Sun Rong: "..."

Then, she turned her attention to the remaining two male sword spirits.

One of them has a face as white as snow. In modern terms, he looks like a sissy. He has great potential to become an idol star. He is the kind of boy who is very popular with girls.

The other one had a beard and was dressed like a Spartan warrior.

"This one with very white skin is called Wu Jin. His special skill is killing with one hit. He is the sword spirit of choice for cultivators who like to use critical strike style sword techniques."

Bai Qiao introduced one by one: "This bearded man. You can call him Lao Man. The five-second real man in Sword Spirit. He can achieve short-term invincibility in five seconds. Even Jingke's World-Destroying Sword can block it. Five seconds You'll be a fool in seconds. And the cooldown time is very long."

Sun Rong: "That classmate Wang Ling..."

Bai Qiao: "Oh. Your Majesty is an exception. Even if you give him fifty seconds of invincibility, it will be useless. Should he be crushed, he should be crushed."

Hearing this, the three sword spirits sighed inwardly.

They don't actually call it that name at all...

But Bai Qiao forcibly changed their names.

It is said that their special skills are very similar to the mechanism in a certain game. It makes it easier to call it this way...





Chapter 1399 3 Unlucky Guys


Here Bai Qiao has finished introducing the basic situation. Sun Rong also has a general understanding of the three sword spirits in front of him: "I have met three seniors!"

Carter, Wu Jin and Lao Man, who were called by their seniors, all felt frightened. They felt a little ashamed.

"Just call Miss Sun by name. There is no need to call us seniors...we are born from the universe. It's just a coincidence that we are older than Miss Sun. In terms of debate ability, we should call Miss Sun senior." Wu Jin said politely.

"Senior, do you know me?"Sun Rong was surprised.

Because Bai Qiao did not introduce her identity.

"Miss Sun is so famous now. At least in the circle of sword spirits like us who follow Master Jingke and Master Bai Qiao. Everyone knows Miss Sun's name." Wu Jin answered truthfully.

In fact, Sun Rong's name can be so loud. In fact, it has some connection with Aohai.

Just like Wu Jin said. Sword spirits are all born from the universe.

Including Aohai. The same is true.

"All the swords in the world return to their clan. They all come out of the Sword King Realm. This sentence means that the Sword King Realm is the origin of all sword spirits. This sentence is correct. However, strictly speaking, not all sword spirits are the hometown. Sword King Realm." Wu Jin introduced the origin of Sword Spirit to Sun Rong.

He gave an example.

For example, Aohai is actually a native sword spirit bred on earth.

And sword spirits like this that were not bred in the Sword King Realm are actually the descendants of those sword spirits that escaped from the Sword King Realm...

As for the relationship between Wang Ling and Jingke, it belongs to the mutual resonance between the strong and the strong.

After Jingke escaped from the Sword King Realm, he fell into a deep sleep for a long time without choosing his master.

Because. No one can be worthy of it.

Until the birth of Wang Ling.

"Sword Spirits and Sword Spirits can also have children. However, they adopt the mechanism of asexual reproduction. After two Sword Spirits look at each other, they can enter each other's chaos. Then the universe will give birth to a new Sword Spirit."

Wu Jin patiently explained, "Of course. Like Lord Jingke and Lord Bai Qiao. It is obviously a sword. But the sword body and the scabbard at the same time give birth to the existence of 'spirit'. There can't be another one in the entire Sword King Realm."

Having said this, he couldn't help but smile bitterly.

A sword like this that has been paired with a wife since she was born. Four words to describe it are "skeleton amazing."

A new sword spirit bred from a sword spirit and a sword spirit. It will not appear in the Sword King Realm when it is born.

Instead, he will choose his sword master from within the universe based on his own characteristics.

Therefore, many of the so-called sword spirits born on earth are not from the Sword King Realm.

It's just that my parents belong to the sword king world.

Since the sword spirit was not born in the Sword King Realm, the quality of the sword spirit will of course be different.

The quality of the sword spirits bred in the Sword King Realm is beyond imagination.

That's why there is news that many upper-level cultivators try their best to come to the Sword King Realm to hunt for swords, but then fall into the outer blade storm...

"If they are all sword spirits that come from the Sword King Realm, from a genetic point of view, the quality of the new sword spirits bred by these sword spirits should not be too bad." Er Ha frowned. He felt like he had discovered something. Something incredible.

"Sword Spirits and Sword Spirits also need to be matched. If they are mixed and matched, the quality will naturally not be too high. For example, it is obviously a big sword, but you find a short dagger or something like that..." Wu Jin said.

"That's it." Er Ha nodded.

It is precisely for this reason that most of the local sword spirits in the Sword King Realm actually look down on non-pure hybrids from other places.

"Now Miss Sun knows why you and Miss Aohai are so famous now?"

Wu Jin said with a wry smile.

At this time, Sun Rong suddenly realized.

Her Aohai is not a local spirit sword from the Sword King Realm. But now, because it is fused with two Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cubes, its combat power has soared!

Directly ranked eighth on the Sword King Realm Sword Ranking!

A non-purebred Sword Spirit can actually do this. This is undoubtedly a hard hammer to these Sword King Realm Sword Spirits!

Sun Ying'er smiled: "I really want to know who the three unlucky guys who were kicked off the list are."

Bai Qiao looked at Sun Ying'er expressionlessly: "It's just the three of them."

Sun Rong: "..."

Sun Ying'er: "..."

Er Ha: "..."

Before Aohai was upgraded, Carter, Wu Jin and Lao Man were originally ranked eighth, ninth and tenth respectively.

Now that Aohai has arrived, Carter's position has been replaced and he has become ninth.

Wu Jin became tenth.

And the most unlucky person is Lao Man...

He was directly knocked out of the top ten list and is struggling in the eleventh place.

...

Afterwards, Carter took Sun Rong and a group of people and began to shuttle through the intricate magic circles of the Sword King Realm.

About ten minutes later, they finally arrived at Sword Capital, located in the center of the Sword King Realm.

The third Rubik's Cube is in Sword City.

This is the largest capital city in the entire Sword King Realm. The tall metal city walls exude a simple charm.

According to Wu Jin's introduction, all the buildings in the Sword King Realm are made from the sword spirits that failed to attack the Blade Storm.

After the impact of those sword spirits fails, they will forever change into the original form and lose their luster. This indicates that the sword spirit in the sword body has died, and the sword body has become a material that can be reused.

"That broken sword on the edge of the Sword Sea. Why not recycle it?" Sun Ying'er asked curiously.

"It has become a tourist attraction now. There will be objections if it is recycled at will. Moreover, this sword is too big. It will not be easy to recycle it." Wu Jin said.

When passing by the city gate, several sword spirits stationed in front of the city gate bowed to Wu Jin and Carter: "Master Wu Jin! Master Carter!"

Then they saw Bai Qiao following Wu Jin. They were so frightened that they broke out in cold sweat. They knelt down on the spot and said, "Bai...Master Bai Qiao..."

"Everyone, get up." Bai Qiao nodded as usual.

A group of people passed by the city gate.

Then Sun Ying'er's words pierced Lao Man's heart on the spot: "Speaking of which, why didn't they call you?"

"I...I'm not worthy..." Lao Man's heart was bleeding. The expression on his face looked extremely painful.

When a tree falls, the hozens scatter, and when a wall falls, everyone pushes against it. This is also true in the world of sword kings.

Lao Man. What a miserable man.

"Is the Rubik's Cube situation still stable now?" Sun Rong asked on the way.

"Back to Miss Sun, the current situation of the Rubik's Cube is still very stable. Because there are currently no missing cubes, the probability of riots has been reduced a lot. However, it is safer to replace it with a new Rubik's Cube as soon as possible." Wu Jin replied.

A group of people walked on Central Street, attracting the attention of many sword spirits around. But no one dared to discuss it in the street because Bai Qiao's aura was too strong.

"By the way, who is the manager of Jiandu now?" Bai Qiao asked.

She hasn't been back for a while. I don't know the situation.

"It's Jiu You." Carter replied.

"Oh. It turns out to be that boy." Bai Qiao suddenly knew.

"Who is Jiu You?"Sun Rong asked.

"A serrated sword. Currently ranked fifth on the sword list. The custodian of the Sword City."

"Is it really an escrow..."

"Of course it's escrow!"

When Bai Qiao said this, the expression on his face suddenly became a little proud: "Ha. The world in Jiandu is all decided by the one on the list!"

...

Sword King Realm Sword Ranking (currently only the mentioned ones are listed):

First: Jingke, Bai Qiao

Second: Preliminary

Fifth: Jiu You

Eighth:Aohai

Ninth:Carter

Tenth:Wu Jin

Eleven:Lao Man





Chapter 1400 The meaning of Sun Rong


Jiandu has a strong cultural and historical atmosphere.

Just like those ancient towns that were left behind on earth. They still maintain the simple style of the old era.

With the progress of modernization, the ancient buildings left by our predecessors are decreasing year by year. They are demolished and renovated. High-rise buildings made of reinforced concrete are gradually replacing history.

So Songhai City, where Wang Ling and Sun Rong and others live, is quite special.

In such a first-tier city, the architectural style is indeed a rare mix of ancient and modern styles.

So when we came to Jiandu Ancient Street, the girl didn't feel any discomfort at all.

There are many ancient streets like this in Songhai City. Sun Rong has always wanted to find time to make an appointment with Wang Ling to take a look.

Sun Rong softly hummed the melody of a popular song. Although he didn't sing the words, Bai Qiao guessed the title of the song right away.

Li Ronghao's old street.

Walking on such a street, there is a song like this that really suits the occasion.

"Back then, the Sword King Realm was in chaos. There was no such civilization and order at all. Although the Sword Spirit was born from the universe, it was just a "spirit" at the beginning. It was Dao Ancestor Wang who brought human civilization here and made it here. Named "Sword King Realm." Then, "spirit" became "Sword Spirit"." On the way to the Sword Capital Palace, Wu Jin said.

"So the reason why Sword Spirit is now in human form is largely because Dao Ancestor Wang brought human civilization?" asked Sun Rong.

"That's right. But not all sword spirits are humanoid. There are also a small number of alien sword spirits. Their appearance is all kinds of strange. They are animals, plants, and some even look like alien creatures."

Wu Jin said: "However, these appearances are actually not fixed. As long as the cultivation level is sufficient, the sword spirit can freely decide its own appearance."

At this time, Lao Man smiled and said: "For example, Carter. She looked like a garlicky tortoise at first."

"Garlic Bastard"

"It's Bulbasaur."

"If it weren't for her loyalty to Master Bai Qiao, she might not have changed into a human form."

After Lao Man finished speaking, Sun Rong glanced at Carter. The woman in front of him saw the dark history mentioned by Wu Jin. The expression on her face was completely unmoved. She did not take what Lao Man said to heart at all.

This is a "three-no-girl."

In a sense, it is somewhat similar to Wang Ling. Instead, Sun Rong feels an inexplicable sense of intimacy?

The inner world of people with facial paralysis may be similar.

Therefore, communicating more with facial paralysis will help increase your experience in communicating with people with the same type of facial paralysis.

When passing by a sword hall, Sun Rong suddenly thought of a question: "By the way, can I buy swords in the Sword King Realm?"

This question is actually an idea of Sun Rong. In order to deal with the groundhog before, Ah Nuan made great efforts. For this, the girl has always been grateful.

This is a huge favor. Sun Rong has been thinking of how to repay it.

Now that she finally came to the Sword King Realm, she wondered if she could help Ah Nuan, who was not yet born, choose a spiritual sword.

Sun Rong calculated the time.

There is still more than half a month until December 30th.

The due date is approaching. If you can help Ah Nuan find a suitable spiritual sword, you can pay any price.

Wu Jin: "What Miss Sun saw was a mercenary sword hall in the Sword King Realm. Generally, sword spirits can be openly hired to protect personal safety. The hiring parties include cultivators. There are also sword spirits from other Sword King Realms."

"Sword Spirit hires Sword Spirit?"

"Yes. The Sword King Realm is rich in mineral resources. If you can get rare ores, you can upgrade the sword body. This will increase the success rate of breaking through the Blade Storm."

Having said this, Wu Jin frowned: "As for buying swords, the currency of the human world is not valuable in the Sword King Realm. So the best way is to exchange items with equal value. As long as an agreement is reached, there will be sword spirits willing to sign the contract."

Wu Jin finished speaking. Bai Qiao added from the side: "There are very few cultivators who have the strength to enter the Sword King Realm. Signing a Sword Spirit Contract is usually based on the consent of both parties."

"Of course. If you really see the right eye.

We don't rule out the possibility of signing an agreement without paying any money."

"To put it simply, although the Lord's sister has not yet been born, you must have seen her strength. If she comes to the Sword King Realm in person when she grows up, there must be sword spirits who are willing to follow her wholeheartedly without taking any money."

"Now, her name is not that famous after all. If you want to find a spiritual sword for her in advance, the price will probably be high."

The price Bai Qiao mentioned refers to the price paid by Sun Rong for not relying on "Wang Ling's face."

Otherwise, given her and Jingke's status in the sword king world, if she shouted in the street, countless sword spirits would be willing to come for an interview. They would be Wang Nuan's spiritual sword.

But this would be meaningless.

She could tell that the girl wanted to rely on her own strength to choose a spiritual sword for Wang Nuan.

It's a pity. This is not the earth. When currency is not circulating, the conditions for "buying a sword" actually do not hold true at all.

Even if it is deducted from items. The most valuable item that Sun Rong can get is probably the Aohai in his hand.

It is impossible to sell Aohai to exchange for Wang Nuan's sword.

Therefore, Bai Qiao's words also made Sun Rong fall into deep thought for a short time.

"I remember that the Sword Conference is two days later. If I can win the game, can I be rewarded with a piece of Jian Shen alloy? If I have the alloy as a bargaining chip, I think most sword spirits in the Sword King world will want to come for an interview."

At this time, Lao Man spoke and pointed out a clear path to the helpless girl.

But as soon as he said these words, Wu Jin beside him was stunned for a moment. Then he slapped his head: "Oh, yes! I remember. There seems to be such a Sword Conference. I will also attend!"

After saying that, Wu Jin quickly pushed Carter next to him with his elbow.

After a moment of silence, Carter nodded and said, "Well, there is a Sword Conference."

"Is this happening, right? I think this is a good opportunity, Miss Sun!"

Lao Man quickly followed Carter's words and continued: "If you can get this piece of Jian Shen alloy, you can choose a sword for Nuan Zhenren! By then, the sword spirits who come for the interview will probably be ranked from the sword capital. Sea of Swords."

"I'm participating!!!" Sun Rong said seriously, "But how do I sign up?"

"Hahaha. We can just do the registration for Miss Sun." Lao Man said, patting his chest.

"Thank you so much to the three seniors!" Sun Rong said with a smile on his face.

"After hearing this, Bai Qiao finally couldn't help but twitch the corner of his mouth.

I think these three people acted a little too much.

What a Sword Conference!

If there really is this Sword Conference. How could she not know?!

In order to show courtesy to the girl. Is it okay to hold a Sword conference directly in the void?

But Bai Qiao was not in a hurry to reveal it.

She wanted to see how the three of them wanted to end it.
