Chapter 801 A New Sect with Imposing Momentum


For one moment, the establishment of this new sect made all the light forces tense. That night, many of the Sky-level sects received invitations from Lord Thunder. For many people, this felt like an initial show of strength, as if the new sect was demonstrating with its actions that it wasn't afraid of any challenge.

A newly established sect with such imposing momentum was very rare. In the history of the founding of famous Sky-level sects, the one with the most prestige had to be Reliance Sect. Most newly established sects gave the familiar feeling of starting anew, so Reliance Sect's reputation was at its height in the first two years after its founding. The head of the sect, Patriarch Reliance, later went on to set up a school attached to the sect, became its headmaster, and started engaging in the education industry.

Patriarch Reliance was a smart man, and naturally understood that tall trees could easily attract the wind. It was because of this that two years after the sect's founding, he deliberately suppressed its momentum, in a tacit move to uphold the balance of power among the Sky-level light force sects.

Sky Light Alliance, full name: Sky-Level Sect Light Force Alliance Social Committee.

This was an NGO set up by the Sky-level sects above fifth class, and was a financial management organization.

The Sky Light Alliance was originally set up in response to the problem some sects at fifth class and above had with funding. Fifth class was a watershed level for Sky-level sects. To achieve a fifth-class rating required a concrete foundation that was a hundred or even a thousand years old... However, many sects who reached fifth class on the whole ran into the problem of funding in the short term, so the Sky Light Alliance was established.

Though, it was more as if the Sky-level sects at fifth class and above were huddling together for warmth, just to make sure that the level of their respective sects didn't drop easily.

It was kind of like getting stuck on a particular game level. Some good players would deliberately get together groups of stuck players and organize them to perform in high-end matches to help maintain each other's levels.

This was in fact something that had been going on for a long time.

Unfortunately, whether it was the balance of power or the Alliance, both were directly smashed apart the night the founding of Lord Thunder's new sect was announced.

Currently, the number of sects at fifth class and above in the Sky Light Alliance was seventeen, accounting for eighty percent of the total.

Of the four sects that hadn't joined the Alliance, one was the first-class Immortal Palm Tree Sect, backed by Huaguo Water Curtain Group. It was a sect force affiliated with Huaguo Water Curtain Group which trained all types of alchemists as its main business.

As for the remaining three, one was the third-class Fighting Horse Sect which was a subsidiary sect built by the Xiao clan that operated a legal horse racing business. The other was a second-class sect called Myriad Beasts School which raised spirit beasts as its main business. The head of the sect was also an acquaintance of Lord Thunder's, Crying Old Immortal, who was the vice president of the Pet Trainers Guild. In fact, Lord Thunder already knew him before he met Wei Zhi.

And the last sect, at third class, was naturally Lord Thunder's "General Office of Strategic Deception"...

The number of Sky-level light force sects at fifth class and above had stayed at twenty for a very long time. Now, a Sky-level third-class sect had suddenly emerged out of nowhere. The first to feel threatened were the light forces that were part of the Sky Light Alliance.

Most of the sects who hadn't joined the Alliance had backers behind them, so disdained to join at all. The problem was, no one knew if their own sects would drop in level after Lord Thunder's new sect was completed.

Thus, that evening, the seventeen sects of the Sky Light Alliance came together to begin analyzing and investigating this "General Office of Strategic Deception."

How great were the capabilities of seventeen sects at fifth class and above?

Although they currently hadn't been able to find out who the force behind the creation of Lord Thunder's new sect was, they had thoroughly researched the core members.

A dozen or so bigwigs sat in the Sky Light Aliance's conference hall.

All of them were the leaders or the deputy leaders of their sects who had specially gathered for this meeting to discuss countermeasures in the light of Lord Thunder's new sect. Given the urgent situation, some of the bigwigs who were too far away to be physically present directly used holographic projections to participate remotely in the meeting.

The president of the Sky Light Alliance was Lu Youming, head of a fourth-class sect called Evil God Cult.

Evil God Cult might not sound like a decent sect, but it was in fact a proper and lawful sect, whose members were mainly engaged in collecting the sculptures or figurines of evil gods from around the world.

There were usually rare resources or even ancient scrolls with secret techniques hidden inside these crudely crafted figurines and sculptures, because there was a time long ago when it was popular to seal secret techniques inside ugly sculptures. The sect took apart the sculptures and figurines of evil gods they collected and ultimately resold the treasures they found inside at a high price.

At the same time, the head of the Evil God Cult was also a cosplayer.

Today, Lu Youming was cosplaying as Bukubukuchagama 1 .

1(An alien female character from the Overlord series who reputedly looks like "pink-colored flesh .. ") Sitting in the president's chair, Lu Youming had a sharp look in his eyes. "Everyone... this is a huge challenge in front of us, and truly a time of crisis. What do you think of this new sect that has come storming in?"

"This new sect isn't simple. I recommend that we try roping them in first." The head of a fifth-class sect said, "This Great Death-Courting Senior isn't simple. I heard that he narrowly survived a confrontation with Evil Sword God back then. He must have an expert guiding him from behind the scenes. As for the other core members of the sect, none of them are simple... Cailian Zhenren, known as the Ex-Boyfriend Killer; Immortal Toya, a famous modern-day Medicine Saint; Lightning Dharmaraja, a descendant of the Thunder clan... even that Director Zhuo, who's been in the spotlight recently, has actually joined the supervisory and investigation team."

"That's right... This isn't an ordinary lineup..."

At this point, many of the people present sighed.

The head of the fifth-class sect continued, "Of course, what worries me the most is that Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch; even with the combined might of our seventeen sects, we haven't been able to find any clues on him. Perhaps I'm ignorant or ill-informed, but I've never heard about this Daoist name before... That Great Death-Courting Senior has always been a cautious person, and would never pull in someone he doesn't know to join the sect, so for this person to join out of nowhere is a little unusual."

"Can it be a sect manager?" someone asked.

Working as a sect manager had become more popular in recent years, and mainly consisted of being responsible for improving a sect's overall economic situation. There had, however, always been a lack of managers in the industry; many sects wanted managers, but couldn't find any.

"I'm well acquainted with the sect manager circle, but I've never heard of such a person."

Lu Youming shook his head. "Since we're not familiar with this person, let's not waste time on him. Let us discuss the matter of the invitations first. Everyone should have received an invitation from that Great Death-Courting Senior, right? So, are we going or not?"





Chapter 802 Wang Zhen's Tragic Childhood


"Sky Light Alliance? Senior Immortal, are you saying that you received an email from this Alliance?"

In the chat group, Lord Thunder shared a screenshot of an email with everyone. This email was from Sky Light Alliance, which more or less meant that the Alliance was hoping that the General Office of Strategic Deception would join it. It was also indicated in the email that if they were willing to join, Lord Thunder would be given the position of deputy head of the Sky Light Alliance.

"What do you think?" Lord Thunder asked.

"Clearly, they want us to be part of their faction." Lightning Dharmaraja said, "I've long heard about this Alliance. Currently, it has seventeen Sky-level sects at fifth class and above. During the annual sect evaluation, these seventeen sects help each other maintain their ranking, preventing the sects behind them from advancing. If they want to advance, they have to pay a protection fee and agree to join the Alliance. Our sect has just been founded, and we're already at Sky-level third class. This was probably beyond their expectations."

"Does anyone have any complaints?"

"What the Alliance is doing isn't a crime, strictly speaking. It's just that the way they go about offering protection is a little shameless... but Huaxiu Alliance can't do anything to directly control it. There are countless ways that sects compete with each other in business, this is too common!" Dharmaraja shook his head. "Moreover, these are all Sky-level sects. To be able to reach fifth class and above, they naturally have strong foundations which cannot be easily shaken."

"Clearly, this is a feeler." Cailian Zhenren sent a sigh emoji. "If we don't agree, then these seventeen sects will undoubtedly join hands to crowd us out, which will be very detrimental for the future development of our sect! Senior Immortal, you have to be careful."

"Mm, of course. I just checked, and basically, I can find acquaintances in the three sects who aren't part of the Alliance. If our four non-Alliance sects join hands, the situation may be very different." Speaking up to this point, Lord Thunder smiled slightly.

To panic was to mess up.

So there was no way he would panic.

After all, they still had Wang Ling, this massive trump card!

"By the way, I'm very curious: why is Ling Zhenren's new Daoist name Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch... It can't be as simple as being about crispy noodle snacks, can it?" Dharmaraja suddenly asked in the group at that moment.

This was something everyone wanted to know.

As an expert, how high was Ling Zhenren's realm?

In their eyes, his existence was like that of an immortal living fossil...

How could he come up with such a seemingly meaningless name?

There had to be some profound meaning behind it!

"Oh, about that, Brother Ling explained it to me before. Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch is a pun," Lord Thunder said. "It doesn't just refer to crispy noodle snacks, it's also a verb, and means the crisp sound of being slapped in the face 1 ."

1(Crispy noodles is "cui mian" in Chinese, "mian" being a homonym for "face.") Everyone: "..."

What damn "crisp"!

As expected, Huaxiu's culture was extensive and profound!

When all was said and done, basically no one in the group had deeply experienced what it was like to be slapped by Wang Ling.

But there were actually some risks with this Daoist name; if Songhai First Prison's Mahjong Squad heard this Daoist name, who knew if they could guess that it was Wang Ling.

Thus, Wang Ling had also previously suggested a very foreign-sounding alternate Daoist name to Lord Thunder: Crispy C. Dao Monarch.

This Daoist name was in the same style as Monkey D. Luffy 2 !

2(The protagonist of the series "One Piece..") ...

It was the second day after Wang Zhen had been sent to Immortal Toya's Chrysanthemum Island.

Wang Zhen was also the second patient to be treated by Immortal Toya on the island in recent months. The first was the girl from the kun's belly, but after a long period of treatment to wake her up, the girl only switched from a deep coma to a shallow one. After lightly stimulating her skin, her fingers were already showing signs of movement.

" Shifu , shifu , when will she wake up?"

Because Immortal Toya had to take care of Wang Zhen, he had gotten Jin Shi and Yin Shi to be responsible for looking after the girl since last night.

Golden needle acupuncture was a profound area of knowledge, and usually they weren't able to find a suitable target to practice on.

Just nice, there was a vegetative person lying here...

The two siblings, Jin Shi and Yin Shi, were usually very careful, but even if they stuck the acupuncture needles in the wrong place, it didn't matter.

Where else could they find such a suitable opportunity for practice?

Immortal Toya let out a long breath. "This girl's condition is more serious than I thought. If she doesn't wake up soon... then we can only wait for her to wake up after the end of The Daily Life of the Immortal King . That is, when Ling Zhenren finishes his Grade Three senior year..."

Jin Shi and Yin Shi: "..."

Immortal Toya: "This neglectful writer wrote eight hundred chapters which only cover one semester. There are five semesters to go until Ling Zhenren graduates, so that's still another four thousand chapters... If she doesn't wake up, I'm afraid she won't wake up in this lifetime!"

Jin Shi and Yin Shi: "..."

...

At this point, Wang Zhen's eyelids fluttered as he lay in a bed across from the kun belly girl and he started to mumble nonsense.

Wang Zhen was dreaming...

His dreams were fragmented, and were a series of scenes from memories of his childhood.

In his dream, he returned to the moment of his birth, and he dreamt of his parents' joyful expressions as they crowded around him.

"Our Zhenzhen is a divine genius! He's already mastered a hundred Great Dao right after birth!" The woman in the dream held him tenderly and smiled gently at him.

"Our Wang family's blood runs through Zhenzhen's veins; it goes without saying that he's gifted. Among the younger generation of the Wang family, this is the person who has the best hope of rivaling the Gu family... Gu Yanzhi that old man also has a son who was born not long ago, but the boy only has fifty Heavenly Dao. In the end, he's still no match for my Wang family's blood..."

After that, Wang Zhen saw the man hold him aloft. "Look at how sturdy our son is! He only just came out, but has already comprehended a hundred Heavenly Dao. It shouldn't be long before he awakens his spiritual intelligence, and learns to talk and walk right away."

"The best would be to use medicine to help along the awakening of his spiritual intelligence. It'll be gentler." The woman smiled.

"No, no, no!"

The man waved his hand. "Our Wang family's blood runs through Zhenzhen's veins. Blood is the best tonic! Medical supplements will cause him to become dependent on them; I believe that Zhenzhen can awaken himself! But to help his awakening along, it's better for us to give physical assistance!"

"Physical assistance?"

"That's right!"

The man nodded.

Then, in the next moment, he directly threw Wang Zhen onto the ground under the woman's stupefied gaze.

Wang Zhen bawled.

The man stomped on Wang Zhen's head. "Honey! Look! What an iron head our son has! Hurry up and help so that we can stimulate him together! He'll awaken very soon! '

Woman: "Is... this alright..."

Man: "Trust me! This is the right way!"

Under the combined beating from his parents, Wang Zhen, who had been bawling on the ground, finally exploded with a powerful and resounding protest. "Devils! Stop it!!!"

The man picked up the newly born and badly battered Wang Zhen from the ground and laughed. "Look! Zhenzhen has awakened!!!"





Chapter 803 Wang Zhen's Recurring Mental Trauma


Wang Zhen suddenly woke up in a fright, finally roused as if from a nightmare under the combined beating from this couple, who were also his biological parents. When he woke up, however, he checked himself and his surroundings.

Mm... Something was still wrong with the situation!

Because it was his five-year-old body.

And he was in his bedroom, his whole body smeared in anesthetic and unable to move even an inch.

Wang Zhen didn't know where he actually was now because he had fainted after leaving Midnight Dining Hall. Wang Zhen guessed that he had probably entered dreams of his childhood while he was in a coma.

From when he was just born, he had gone back to his five-year-old self?

After waking up, Wang Zhen felt a little nostalgic, and also a little scared.

At that moment, a voice that Wang Zhen was familiar with and also afraid of came from outside.

"Zhenzhen fainted yesterday after his failed awakening? Who knows if he's awake yet... what should we do? I heard that Gu Cheng next door has already mastered five hundred Heavenly Dao; his mother still came to show off yesterday! Pisses me off! (╬◣д◢)"

"Don't be angry, my dear. Zhenzhen can't be blamed for this. Actually, it's all my fault..." A man sighed with some self-reproach. "I was the one who forgot to tell the new therapist that Zhenzhen absolutely can't use supplementary medicine to awaken. Who would have thought that after the therapist gave him the medicine yesterday, Zhenzhen's body would actually have a reaction to it."

"Then what should we do now? Is there still hope for Zhenzhen to surpass Gu Cheng?"

"Zhenzhen has already mastered more than four hundred Heavenly Dao. As long as he can recover quickly, his cultivation progress won't be delayed. Our Wang family's blood is amazing!"

"Alright, then what should we do? I'll listen to you!"

The couple then pushed open the door and entered.

Wang Zhen stared at this pair of demons with wide, frightened eyes.

Seeing that Wang Zhen was awake, his mother hurried to embrace him. The woman's powerful hands clutched him around the neck, almost choking him to death. "Ah! Zhenzhen, you're up!"

His father felt his forehead and sighed. "No fever, but his face doesn't look very good. And it seems that Zhenzhen can't move for now, probably because of an allergic reaction to the medicine."

Sitting on the edge of the bed, Wang Zhen's father gripped his hands tightly. "Zhenzhen, tell me, do you feel sore, painful and numb all over, and also a little itchy? Blink if you do."

Hearing this, Wang Zhen suddenly opened his eyes wide, and completely didn't dare blink...

Wang Zhen then saw the man hold up a fist. "Zhenzhen, do you see this sandbag-sized fist?"

Wang Zhen: "..."

His dad smiled at him. "So~ lar~ Fist!"

As soon as he said the words, a dazzling light suddenly burst out from his fist, and Wang Zhen quickly and unconsciously closed his eyes.

When he opened his eyes again, the light from the Solar Fist had already faded, and his father was looking at him again with a serious expression. "Honey, look, Zhenzhen blinked..."

"..."

Wang Zhen was so frightened the hair all over his body stood on end.

He had actually been forced to blink!

His mom looked at him with a pained expression. "Then, what should we do?"

His dad: "It's just as I thought. We need Zhenzhen to recover from his allergic reaction quickly. When I asked him just now if he felt itchy, didn't he blink?"

His mom was startled. "Honey, do you mean... that Zhenzhen is feeling itchy right now?"

Wang Zhen: "..."

His dad nodded. "Yes, that's what I meant! And Zhenzhen blinked!"

Wang Zhen: "..."

His dad: "This child has yet to get over his allergy, and it's mostly an itch. He'll be fine after a beating!"

His mom looked like she was suddenly enlightened. "I see!"

His dad: "Mm, honey! Just follow me: left hand, right hand, slowly 1 . We'll take turns."

1(From TFBOYS's song "Manual of Youth..") His mom had an aching and teary expression on her face. "Alright, husband..."

"This is all for Zhenzhen's good!"

His dad nodded. "You have to remember to distribute the hits evenly over every part of his body! I have OCD, if the skin color isn't well-distributed, I'll hit him again!"

Wang Zhen: "Stop... stop it!"

Ten minutes later...

Under the combined series of hand strikes, five-year-old Wang Zhen was directly thrashed into a crispy skin roasted duck, successfully activating his body resistance to the allergy and his subsequent recovery.

His mom: "Honey! It really worked! Zhenzhen can move now!"

His dad: "As expected of the most outstanding person of our Wang family bloodline in recent years! He can still move even after being beaten up like this! I think we should use more force next time..."

...

"No!!!"

Following the couple's words, Wang Zhen woke with a start once again.

Hm...

The dream wasn't over yet.

Wang Zhen was still in his room, but unlike before, he could move this time.

He went to the mirror in the bedroom and looked at himself.

This was his ten-year-old appearance.

This memory...

Wang Zhen searched for a bit and realized that there was actually a gap in his memories from this time.

Wang Zhen recalled that after he grew up, he had used magic to make many of his childhood memories disappear...

In other words, if he couldn't remember this memory, it couldn't be a good one...

Dazed, Wang Zhen suddenly had a bad feeling.

Just then, there was a knock on the door.

"Come in," Wang Zhen said as he straightened his outfit.

An old woman pushed the door open and came in carrying a tray covered with a red cloth. This was an old servant of the Wang family, and was also Wang Zhen's nursemaid who had watched him grow up.

The old woman put the tray down on the table. "Lord Young Master, the Master and Madam are out today."

Wang Zhen was exultant when he heard this.

It looked like the demonic couple wouldn't be abusing him today...

But before he could finish being joyful, the old woman spoke again. "Lord Young Master, Master and Madam request that you summon a clone of yourself to administer your beating today."

Wang Zhen: "Wha- what?"

The old woman: "Same as usual, when you beat yourself, you must control your strength - the color of your skin must be evenly distributed. This old servant will take photos of the whole process for the Master. If you don't do it well, the Master said that you'll have to do it again when he returns, and he'll teach you how to hit yourself."

Wang Zhen: "..."

After that, the old woman lifted the red cloth off the tray.

Under the red cloth was a mace studded with jade and gold nails, a whip as thick as a Cola bottle, and a feather duster made from phoenix feathers...

The old woman: "This is today's equipment. Please choose, Young Master."

Wang Zhen: "..."





Chapter 804 Wang Zhen's Fellow Townsman


Wang Zhen, a man with an extremely tragic childhood.

He had been beaten since he was born. In order to stimulate the power of his bloodline to the fullest extent, his parents used this method of thrashing him into obtaining 1500 Heavenly Dao.

Because it was so painful, Wang Zhen had used magic once he was an adult to forcefully and selectively eliminate his childhood memories. But when all was said and done, this was only treating the symptoms and not the root cause.

After countless recurring nightmares, he eventually recovered all the memories he had already discarded...

When Wang Zhen woke up for the last time, his surroundings were completely different, and he rejoiced when he realized that he had walked out of his nightmares and wasn't dreaming now.

This place was unfamiliar to him.

Furthermore, it seemed that he couldn't do anything but open his eyes and mouth to speak...

Hm...

Someone had used Heavenly Dao to restrain him...

Wang Zhen couldn't be any more familiar with this sort of situation.

Because when he had resisted his parents as a child, the couple had often used Heavenly Dao to restrain him before they started hitting him.

So many years had passed, but Wang Zhen was still very familiar with this feeling.

However, Wang Zhen had already worked out a set of ways to break this restraint.

Wang Zhen closed his eyes and began to recite in his heart, "Key which hides the power of Heavenly Dao, show your true from before me. I, Wang Zhen, command you as your master... Release 1 !"

1(Sakura's incantation for releasing her Clow Wand in "Cardcaptor Sakura.") The incantation was done.

Seconds passed...

Wang Zhen didn't feel any response.

Release!

He continued to roar in his heart.

Release!!

Release ah!!!

After struggling for more than ten minutes, he finally gave up resisting.

This were Heavenly Dao seals stronger than what his parents used... That terrifying person had cast at least a dozen or so seal-type Heavenly Dao spells on him.

Now that he had been banned from using his own power of Heavenly Dao, it was unlikely that he would be able to escape.

This... truly was a flood dashing up against the Temple of the Dragon King 2 !

2(Refers to a misunderstanding between people on the same side.) Wang Zhen thought he had most likely gotten it wrong. This person might not be the real thief... the thief had stolen 1500 Heavenly Dao from him at the very most, while this person was clearly far, far stronger, with power already beyond what Wang Zhen could imagine.

If that was the case...

Even if Bai Zhe collected the six Great Outer Dao, it might still be very difficult to fight this person...

For a while, Wang Zhen lay in bed, countless wild thoughts crowding his heart.

The most urgent thing right now was to first figure out a way to retrieve his power of Heavenly Dao, and then leave this place.

Although Earth was just a lesser world in the eyes of the people of Nine-fold Star...

It was at the same time the most unpredictable planet.

After all, Dao Ancestor Wang, founder of Nine-fold Star, had ascended from Earth...

Wang Zhen sighed inwardly.

In the end, he had underestimated this lesser world!

At that moment, Wang Zhen heard footsteps approach him.

"Are you awake, senior?" It was Immortal Toya's voice.

A man with idol looks then entered Wang Zhen's field of vision; from what he was wearing, he looked like a doctor.

"You've been in a coma for two days, senior," Immortal Toya said. "You'll find that you can't move; this is because Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch cast several Heavenly Dao suppression spells on you, mainly because he was worried that you would wake up in an agitated state and hurt me."

"Hurt you?"

"Yes, senior. You suddenly attacked Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch for no reason at all, so we all agree that you have an anger disorder, and possibly a slight mental problem. We had no choice but to take this step," Immortal Toya answered truthfully.

Wang Zhen smiled bitterly in his heart.

The other side addressed him as senior, but was still worried that he was the type to willfully slaughter the innocent... Wang Zhen had formidable strength, and while it was true that it was certainly terrifying, he always believed that every debt had its debtor, and he would never hurt the innocent.

Just like in Night Chief, when Bai Zhe offhandedly killed a technician who had pissed him off, it was still Wang Zhen in the end who saved that innocent little brother...

Did he seem like such a monster?

Did they have to treat him like this?

He didn't understand.

He was a "senior" who was most like an open book, wasn't he?

Wang Zhen sighed. "Then how long will I be confined for..."

Immortal Toya: "Since senior is awake, I'll let Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch know right away. As long as we confirm that you're not a threat, I'll naturally help to release you. A lot of Heavenly Dao suppression spells have been cast on senior. You can't cast any spells, nor can you circulate your spirit energy as usual. However, if senior can agree to one thing for me, I can use the privilege Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch gave me and undo the seals on senior's upper body first."

"Half is good..." Wang Zhen knew he wasn't in any position to negotiate at the moment, so he could only settle for second best.

Immortal Toya narrowed his eyes and said in a serious tone, "The reason why I'm so cautious is that I'm worried that senior might be impulsive and commit irreversible acts."

As he said this, Immortal Toya took out a golden talisman.

Wang Ling had left this with him after casting the multiple Heavenly Dao seals previously, and it could unlock Wang Zhen's ability to move. To be on the safe side, however, Immortal Toya only restored Wang Zhen's upper body and helped prepare a wheelchair for Wang Zhen... Then, Immortal Toya directly stuck his hands under Wang Zhen's waist and legs.

Wang Zhen was surprised. "The hell?! What are you doing?"

"I'm going to help senior into the wheelchair," Immortal Toya answered very naturally.

"Then thank you..." Wang Zhen never thought that not only would he become a paralytic in the world below, someone would even lift him in a princess carry!

"You're welcome, senior." Immortal Toya smiled slightly.

If Wang Zhen's friends in the world above found out about this, there would be no place for him to hide his face!

He didn't come back to his senses until Immortal Toya placed him in the wheelchair.

Who was he?

Where was he?

What was he doing???

He had come down to the world below to look for a thief, but how had he ended up in this situation???

Was this truly retribution for fleeing marriage?

Wang Zhen dropped his forehead into his hand.

"What's wrong, senior? Do you feel uncomfortable anywhere?"

"My head hurts..."

Immortal Toya took out a kitchen knife. "I can do a craniotomy on you!"

Wang Zhen: "It doesn't... doesn't hurt now..."

"Alright, senior. If you feel any discomfort, you must tell me." Immortal Toya narrowed his eyes and smiled.

Wang Zhen: "..."

Wang Zhen felt like he could now tell what type of person this doctor was - it turned out that this guy was a hidden yandere 3 !

3(Refers to somebody who is sweet and kind at first glance, but will act obsessive and violent when it comes to their crush ..) Wang Zhen: "By the way... what did you want me to help you with?"

Immortal Toya: "It's like this, senior: a while ago, I took in a female patient, who has been in a deep coma for a very long time. Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch determined that this patient is likely from the same place as you."

"The same place?"

"A person from the world above."

Hearing this, Wang Zhen immediately shook his head. "That's not really possible..."

There were a lot of processes involved in passing from the world above to the world below, and you had to pass a combined examination and approval check before you were allowed to enter the portal. The issue was that Wang Zhen was very sure that he was the only person who had used the portal recently.

"Senior, take a look first."

Immortal Toya pushed Wang Zhen in the wheelchair to the bedside of the kun belly girl.

After getting a clear look at the girl's face, Wang Zhen was so scared that he almost fell off the wheelchair...

The fiancée he was running away from, the young miss of the Liu family... why was she here??!





Chapter 805 Ants' Counterattack


When Wang Zhen saw this young miss of the Liu family, Liu Qingyi, on the bed, there was something clearly amiss about his expression; the specifics could be summed up as flickering eyes and trembling lips, and even his hands jerked extremely unnaturally, like he didn't know where to put them.

Even a simpleton could see that there was definitely something between them!

"It looks like senior recognizes this girl?" asked Immortal Toya.

"No! I don't know her at all! I don't even know her surname is Liu!" Wang Zhen denied swiftly.

It was clear that Wang Zhen's IQ had gone offline at that moment.

"... Senior, I think it's better for you to be honest."

Immortal Toya sighed. "Senior Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch is deliberately giving you a chance. Whether we give it to you will depend on your attitude. Right now, there are so many seals on you, making you no different from a regular person. If you die like this in the world below, you probably won't be able to rest in peace, will you?"

"Are you threatening me?" Wang Zhen grit his teeth.

He never expected that he, the grand young master of the Wang family of the Nine-fold Domain of the Gods, would actually be reduced to this. He had spent so much time and effort looking for the thief, but not only didn't he find him, he even lost all his abilities. And this wasn't even the worst bit... after losing all his power, he had run into his troublesome fiancée!

Wang Zhen really didn't know if this was a natural or man-made disaster...

He had been beaten the whole time he was growing up; never did he think that he still wouldn't be able to escape an unlucky fate even now.

It felt like all of it had been planned early on in the dark, only for everything to come out all at once.

It was like a multi-millionaire losing everything in an instant, and then running into his ex-girlfriend who had brought along a billionaire to taunt him.

Was there anything more wretched than this on earth?

Wang Zhen felt like crying.

"Senior, you might not think much of us inhabitants on the world below, but based on information we currently have, the Domain of the Gods was created back then by a man from this world. This time, it wasn't that senior wasn't strong enough, but that you looked down on us too much," said Immortal Toya.

If it hadn't been for what happened in Beast King's tomb, no one would have known that there was such a place as Nine-fold Domain of the Gods, let alone that there were still more terrifying realm stages above Venerated Immortal. For many people, the existence of the Domain of the Gods was too unreal. Even for Immortal Zhenyuan, a cultivation legend recognized by the people, it was a level that was too far out of reach.

But now, Wang Zhen was here...

This was a major opportunity.

Wang Zhen pondered for a long time.

His gaze rested on Liu Qingyi, and he finally sighed. "I can tell you what you want to know, but before that, I have a few conditions."

"Let's hear them, senior."

"I need to get away from here - anywhere is fine, as long as it's not next to this Lady Liu. I don't want her to see me after she wakes up. Another thing, I hope you'll keep it a secret that you saw me. Lastly, if I tell you what I know, you must have that Senior Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch undo the seals on me."

"Mm, these conditions sound reasonable." Immortal Toya nodded. "But can I ask why senior is avoiding this Miss Liu like the plague?"

Wang Zhen's face darkened. "She is my fiancée."

"Senior's fiancée?"

Immortal Toya was shocked by this answer. "But why did this young lady appear inside the belly of a scavenger kun?"

Wang Zhen: "..."

Earlier, Wang Zhen had been wondering how on earth Liu Qingyi had come down to the world below.

One had to go through checks to come down to the world below, and had to use a portal.

After listening to Immortal Toya, Wang Zhen instantly understood.

This girl actually hid inside a kun's belly!

At this realization, Wang Zhen couldn't help looking up at the sky and lamenting, "... She had it coming!"

...

Elsewhere, President Bai was in the middle of collecting the power of Outer Dao.

There were six Great Outer Dao, which represented six ultimate abilities:

Seven Stars Devil Escape (The power of physical immunity).

Yin and Yang Escape Technique (The power of magical immunity).

Pure Heart Magic Ring (The power of ultimate immunity).

Five Elements Ghost Art (The power to manipulate the elements).

The Fury of Heaven (The power of Outer Dao punishment).

Plus the Reverse Polarity which President Bai had mastered, which represented the power to defy heaven and change fate.

At that moment, President Bai had arrived at the edge of a cliff surrounded by clouds and mist.

This was a place inside the border of Mixiu nation called the Valley of the Dead. It was once a popular spot for jumpers, and there were countless bones piled up at the bottom of the valley, creating a dense Yin aura.

Nowadays, it was a tourist attraction instead.

Cultivators unafraid of death often organized group trips and would ride special magic artifacts to visit the place. In the last few years, however, the number of visitors had dwindled given the frequent disappearances that had been happening in the Valley of the Dead recently.

Some sightseeing cultivation groups, and even airplanes flying over the valley, had mysteriously disappeared.

"The Five Elements Ghost Art is here." President Bai swayed in the wind, his voice sounding a little unreal as it passed through the clouds.

Nowadays, regular people didn't dare approach this place. If it wasn't for Night Ghost Spirit Emperor's True Immortal body, President Bai might also have been a little afraid.

A giant centipede climbed onto President Bai's shoulder, remotely controlled by Long Ming through the Soul Insect Technique. "As Venerated Lord has commanded, I've inspected the valley floor. As expected, there's something unusual about it."

There were numerous poisonous insects in the Valley of the Dead, so the use of Insect Envoy Long Ming's Art of Insect Manipulation was extremely vital; no matter how dangerous the valley floor was, as long as there were insects, he could carry out an investigation by controlling them. Even if these insects died by chance, he wouldn't be affected.

In the past, the Long clan's Art of Insect Manipulation was a secret technique on par with the Bai clan's Creation Art. When Night Ghost Spirit Lord founded Night Chief, he had recruited people from everywhere, and naturally had roped Long Ming into serving under him.

In fact, Long Ming's and President Bai's experiences were surprisingly similar.

"All these years, this Valley of the Dead has never been peaceful, so I long presumed that a power of Outer Dao might have fallen here. Unfortunately, I never had the opportunity to come and investigate, but looking at it now, this seems to very likely be the case."

"What kind of Outer Dao is the Five Elements Ghost Art?" asked Long Ming.

"It's the power to manipulate the elements. As long as I can master it, I can use the five elements to create all kinds of primary spirits. Each and every one of the first great primary spirits were True Immortals. With their assistance, our battle strength will naturally increase."

There was some excitement on President Bai's face as he gazed over the edge of the cliff. "I can't help getting excited."

After that, he directly leapt down from the cliff.





Chapter 806 Leader of the Long Clan, Long Jiangnan


Elsewhere, the seventeen Sky-level sects which had joined hands to set up the friendly organization "Sky Light Alliance" also received Lord Thunder's reply as he gracefully declined their invitation. It could be said that they had expected this result - how could a new sect, directly given a Sky-level third-class ranking, think anything of them? Their foundations alone were already not on the same level.

If the General Office of Strategic Deception was allowed to continue expanding, it would become a real hidden danger. Everyone was well aware of the management abilities of sect head Lord Thunder, this Death-Courting Great Senior. Of all the country's online forums at the moment, only the cultivation forum which he ran made a profit year after year, as it built on its economic benefits to the utmost.

Even without the combined investment from these companies, Lord Thunder was capable of setting up a new sect on his own.

With this investment, the General Office of Strategic Deception was just like a tiger with wings.

Lu Youming was lost in deep thought as he gazed at Lord Thunder's letter of reply.

Without knowing what the other party's sect doctrine was, it was impossible to boldly beat them down. Furthermore, Lord Thunder had been pretty tactful in his reply, which indirectly demonstrated that while the other party wasn't going to join the Alliance, they also didn't want to make enemies of them.

As the president of the Alliance, once Lu Youming decided to crowd someone out, that was the same as rejecting their good intentions and declaring war.

This was the trickiest part of the whole thing.

On one hand, the Alliance wanted to suppress the strength of Lord Thunder's newly set-up sect so that it wouldn't grow too quickly, and give the old sects some breathing room. On the other hand, the Alliance couldn't incite something without knowing the ins and outs of the matter; on the contrary, they might get caught up in trouble themselves.

The three major Sky-level sects that hadn't joined the Alliance — Immortal Palm Tree Sect, Fighting Horse Sect and Myriad Beasts School — had been dissatisfied with the establishment of the Alliance all these years.

If these three major sects seized this opportunity to join hands with Lord Thunder's new sect, the General Office of Strategic Deception, and incited other Sky-level sects under fifth class, the Alliance was bound to fall, never to get back up again... What kind of situation would that be?

The villages surrounding the city!

What a brilliant strategy!

But Immortal Palm Tree Sect had yet to act for now, mainly because it didn't want to make trouble or provoke dispute.

Once a sect reached the top, it often paid more attention to its image and reputation; the party that acted first in stirring up trouble tended to become the focus of derision.

One of the sect leaders present was agitated. "Can we truly not do anything about the Office of Strategic Deception?"

"There is no other way for the time being." Lu Youming shook his head. "Before we're clear on the exact situation, we can't act carelessly."

"Not necessarily."

At that time, a sect leader waved his hand. His name was Sun Hanzhe, and his Radish King Sect specialized in the study of different kinds of devil insects and spirit insects. Its business of mixing dry insects into medicine and its momentum had been pretty good all these years, which allowed it to advance to Sky-level fifth class several years ago and to join the Alliance.

"Sect Leader Sun, do you have any good ideas?" Lu Youming remembered that yesterday, this conservative Sect Leader Sun had recommended that they wait and see first, but his attitude suddenly changed today.

It was obvious that he had received some sort of expert guidance...

This Sect Leader Sun smiled proudly. "Yesterday, a senior suddenly contacted my sect to say that he was willing to lend our Alliance a hand and find out more details on this Office of Strategic Deception."

"Since he wants to help the Alliance, why did he contact you? Shouldn't he have contacted President Lu directly?" someone asked.

"Don't rush, brothers, listen to me." Leader Sect Sun didn't take offense and waved his hand. "It's like this: this senior contacted me in quite a unique way. The other party directly possessed the body of a flying mantis, one of the insects my sect raises, to speak with me. At that time, I was inspecting the farm."

"He entered the insect's body?"

"That's right." Sect Leader Sun nodded. "I think this senior used this spell in order to hide his true identity, and borrowed this insect's body to pass on his suggestion. He wanted me to explain his intentions to the president at today's meeting."

Borrowed an insect's body?

Hearing this, President Lu narrowed his eyes. For him to be elected as the president of the Alliance, President Lu naturally wasn't an ordinary person, and his vision, insight, and connections were far more extensive than the majority of the people present. Otherwise, it would be hard for him to sway the crowd, even as the president.

"President, have you thought of something?" someone quickly asked when they saw President Lu's expression.

"This is the Soul Insect Technique..." Lu Youming swiftly replied. "This is a secret technique of the Long clan, who was famous back then for the Art of Insect Manipulation. But according to historical records, the Long clan offended its nemesis and the whole family was exterminated; the entire clan no longer exists. When clan leader Long Jiangnan was caught back then, he was still drafting an outline of the clan's story..."

Realization dawned on many of the sect leaders present when he said this

The eyes of an old man with gray whiskers and hair lit up. "I remember this! This old man once participated in an auction many years ago. Clan leader Long Jiangnan's Long Clan manuscript sold for millions and millions, and is rumored to contain the secret of the Soul Insect Technique."

"Hm." Lu Youming said, "It's always been said in the circle that the reason why the Long clan was exterminated back then was because Long Jiangnan was too slow with his updates, so all kinds of big shot readers dropped in to attack the sect... But this has yet to be verified to this day. Now that the Soul Insect Technique has reappeared in the world, that senior's identity is very likely related to the Long clan."

After carefully mulling it over, Lu Youming gazed at Sun Hanzhe, sect leader of Radish King Sect, and said, "What conditions does this senior have?"

"His conditions are very simple."

Sect Leader Sun replied, "On the day of the Office of Strategic Deception's founding, we just need to go in and secretly set up transmission crystals prepared by the senior, and he will do the rest. Apart from that, he also hopes that our Alliance will take action to suppress a school."

"Which college?"

"Not a college; it's a senior high school."

"High... high school? It's just Foundation Establishment students, right?"

"President Lu should have heard of Number 60 High, which has appeared often in the news recently?"

"I have..."

"That senior said that bullying Foundation Establishment students is a hobby of his."

"..."





Chapter 807 The Office of Strategic Deception, Full of Bigwigs


This collaboration request from someone they suspected was a descendant of the Long clan actually didn't carry any risk. They just needed to prepare and bring in the transmission crystals beforehand and set them up, which would be a piece of cake for these heads of Sky-level sects. Most importantly, they didn't have to get their hands dirty in this operation, so they could avoid direct conflict with the Office of Strategic Deception.

Lu Youming had always been conservative, which was one of the reasons why he had advocated for the establishment of Sky Light Alliance in the beginning.

It was true that forming a faction would certainly attract criticism, but at the very least it ensured that Lu Youming's sect stood on the same side with the other sects who were willing to join the Sky Light Alliance and unanimously agree to work together. They might face many obstacles to their advancement in the future, but as long as the Alliance existed, the sects' rankings wouldn't drop.

The Alliance was a line of defense which these seventeen Sky-level sects had joined hands to create, and could be described as an iron wall. Most of the sects in the Alliance were at fifth class, and a handful were at fourth class, but they were able to preserve a happy balance of overall strength.

As long as they were part of the Alliance, no sect would easily drop out of fifth class.

If a sect wanted to advance to fifth class, it had to go through the Alliance.

Lu Youming thought he had planned it all out properly, but he never expected this Office of Strategic Deception to suddenly show up now...

After Sect Leader Sun put forward his opinion, Lu Youming pondered for a long while.

Moments later, Lu Youming nodded. "Sect Leader Sun, please convey the message that our Alliance can only guarantee that we will put some pressure on the high school, but we won't do anything to harm it. After all, we don't have any grudge against that high school. If we go too far, we might draw fire instead. If that senior is fine with this, then I will agree."

Sun Hanzhe nodded. "Alright!"

Lu Youming's decision came as no surprise to anyone. Their president was conservative, and would never let things go too far.

Another main reason why Lu Youming was being so prudent was that he didn't know where things stood for real with this senior, a suspected descendant of the Long clan.

The other side had actually been able to find Sun Hanzhe to convey his message for him, which meant that he must have done his research on the Alliance. However, there were a total of seventeen Sky-level sects in the Alliance. To figure out the current difficulties the Alliance was facing, and to grasp the heart of the conflict so easily... The other side clearly wasn't a simple person.

Intuition told Lu Youming that...

This senior, a descendant of the Long clan, perhaps wasn't the key figure - it was likely that there was someone more powerful working behind the scenes.

...

It was August 8th on Tuesday in the sixteenth week of the semester.

The Heavenly Dao horoscope read:

Do: Start a business, set up a sect, marry, travel, breathe in the smell of cats, look for a job, confess your love, delay chapter updates, cast monthly votes, cast recommendation votes...

Don't: Nil

Lord Thunder had thus planned for this day early on. This was a rare auspicious day for this year; if they missed it, they would have to wait for another six years.

As for conceptualizing the Office of Strategic Deception, he had been constantly making all sorts of plans since the day he launched the cultivation forum. Now that the day it was going to become a reality had finally arrived, he was very excited.

On this day, eighty li away from the Wang family's small villa on East Huang Road, the Office of Strategic Deception would finally be set up. This was a sect set against the mountains - surrounded by them on all sides, the Office of Strategic Deception was like a glittering gem set into the mountain range.

To ensure that the founding ceremony proceeded smoothly, Lord Thunder had specially hired a number of sect guides. These sect guides completed all their training in just one day; all of them were college graduates from famous universities, and each of them was the best of the best.

Many of the sect bigwigs who arrived at the designated venue with their invitations were dumbstruck, because the person who greeted them was a very young, bright and handsome cultivator... This was Yang Bingchuan, the youngest professor at Beiyang First Cultivation University in Beiyan city!

Professor Yang even won the National Cultivation Gardener Award last year... Many people remembered him well!

But this person who was renowned outside, and a Void Refinement hotshot professor to boot, had actually come here to work as a tour guide???

You had to know, Professor Yang was one step away from becoming an Itinerant Immortal!

"Welcome, sect representatives, to the founding ceremony of the General Office of Strategic Deception, known in short as the Office of Strategic Deception." Professor Yang smiled slightly. "I am Yang Bingchuan, leader of the patrol and guide team for the Office of Strategic Deception. Perhaps many of you recognize me?"

"Why is Professor Yang here..." Yang Bingchuan's appearance made Lu Youming shiver.

"Lord Thunder is a good friend of mine. His new sect fervently invited me to be a visiting official, and also offered me a large salary which I could not refuse. Naturally, I wasn't in a position to reject it. Besides, as group leader, I can leave a lot of things to my subordinates to handle. Although Beiyan city is indeed a little far from Songhai, it actually won't interfere with my teaching in Beiyan."

"I see..."

Lu Youming and all the other sect heads nodded.

But even then, this was pretty excessive!

Given the list of names which they had received before, they had no idea that Professor Yang would be taking part... Did that mean that they might see other big shots at the sect's founding ceremony today?

Professor Yang was all smiles as he said, "As all of you are leaders of large sects, the sect head specifically asked that I greet you in particular. Please follow me, and we will now take the Office of Strategic Deception's exclusive sightseeing bus."

"Sightseeing bus... haven't we already arrived at the sect entrance?"

"This is just a sect relay station. The Office of Strategic Deception covers a very large area, and you've only arrived at the relay station stated in the invitation. There are a total of 1600 relay stations for receiving visitors within range of the entrance to the Office of Strategic Deception," said Professor Yang, the leader of the patrol and guide team.

"With all due respect... how large is the Office of Strategic Deception?" Lu Youming swallowed.

"Five thousand square kilometers."

While they were already prepared mentally, the jaws of these sect leaders still dropped open in alarm when they heard Professor Yang's words with their own ears.

Five thousand square kilometers - that was comparable to the size of a second-tier city district in Huaxiu... the area which the Office of Strategic Deception occupied was practically unprecedented!

Actually, the sect was only going to cover an area of a hundred square kilometers according to the initial plan, but after Huaxiu Alliance's intervention, the sect approval division directly increased the size of the territory to this extent... Lord Thunder only found out after the fact.

Maybe he could open several broccoli farms?

That was what Lord Thunder thought when he saw the sect approval document.

But since the Office of Strategic Deception had only just been established, they couldn't use so much land. Currently, the Office of Strategic Deception only occupied a core area around the mountains of about twenty square kilometers.

Even so, this initial momentum of the Office of Strategic Deception frightened a lot of the Sky-level sect big shots.

Lu Youming was already wondering whether to proceed with the matter which that descendent of the Long clan senior had entrusted to him. He somehow felt that even if their seventeen sects exhausted all their foundations... they couldn't provoke the person standing behind the Office of Strategic Deception!





Chapter 808 The Office of Strategic Deception Only Deals In What's Real!


There was an intense kind of cold that came from deep within the bones and sent chills down a person's back, as if they'd fallen into an ice cavern - all the heads of the Sky-level sects who were present basically felt like this. The seventeen sect heads of the Alliance had come together this time, and their average strength was around the Void Refinement stage.

So now, when they saw this Professor Yang Bingchuan, who was at the late Void Refinement stage and was only half a step away from becoming an Itinerant Immortal, actually standing in front of them as a sect team leader, these Sky-level sect heads didn't feel good... grand Sky-level sect heads like them were at most only second fiddle in the Office of Strategic Deception!

This intense sense of difference upset them.

Lu Youming was already pondering whether to give up on the collaboration, but when he turned on his phone, he saw that the chat was very lively.

Sun Hanzhe, the sect head of Radish King Sect, was the first to vent his dissatisfaction in the group. "As a new sect, this Office of Strategic Deception is completely looking down on us veteran sects. This is blatant provocation! Everyone! We must carry out this operation! At the very least, we have to test this Office of Strategic Deception's strength!"

"I agree." The other sect heads quickly echoed him after that. "We don't actually lose anything by proceeding with this. An opening ceremony only happens once for every sect. If something unpleasant were to happen, I'd like to see how this Great Death-Courting Senior handles it."

Thus, while Lu Youming was still wondering whether to go ahead, passions were already running high in the group.

Lu Youming stared blankly at the phone screen.

It had already come to this point, and it was obviously too late for regrets.

Professor Yang noticed Lu Youming's expression inside the bus and smiled faintly. "Sect Leader Lu, you don't look very good. Did you not sleep well last night?"

"Ha ha ha! It might be the chest pain I got last night when I was doing my breathing exercises!" President Lu made up a random excuse and tried to look as natural as possible.

In fact, Lu Youming and his group's movements were all being controlled by the Office of Strategic Deception.

The organizational structure of the Office of Strategic Deception was more complete than the other sects expected. In addition to the seven main departments that made up the sect's core, i.e. the supervisory and investigation team, logistics team, medicine team, magic treasures team, spirit beast team, goon squad, and recreation team, there were many other hidden sect departments that weren't shown on the official website.

That was because the light forces' official website only required a sect to indicate at least six core departments...

Because Lord Thunder had only written brief introductions and overviews for seven major departments, a lot of people assumed that this was all that the Office of Strategic Deception had, when in fact it wasn't.

In addition to the above seven core departments, there were other departments that weren't mentioned, such as the patrol and guide team, intelligence team, scientific research team, delivery express team, and even a film production team...

The Office of Strategic Deception was an enormous sect that brought together all the types of trade which sects engaged in nowadays. Its future development was naturally geared toward becoming a Sky-level first-class sect!

This was the master sect plan which Lord Thunder had been putting together for a very long time.

It would be impossible to fulfill such a long-cherished wish without official backing. This was also the reason why Professor Yang had agreed to be a visiting official as well as the leader of a team in the Office of Strategic Deception.

A lot of times, as long as you thought carefully about it, you would be able to figure it out.

Lu Youming was someone who did a lot of thinking, so the moment he saw Yang Bingchuan, he knew that something wasn't right, but the current situation was already beyond his control...

The Office of Strategic Deception's intelligence team had naturally found out that Lu Youming and this group were going to start something. This was because not long ago, Lord Thunder had worked with Ah Mai to secretly launch an attack on Mo Immortal Castle, the underground intelligence organization in Songhai city... Now, all of Mo Immortal Castle was under the Office of Strategic Deception's control. Ninety percent of their assets had been confiscated by Huaxiu Alliance, while the remaining ten percent was absorbed by the Office of Strategic Deception as initial funds for an affiliated organization.

The Lord and the Lady of the Castle had no other choice, because Ah Mai had come bearing the signatures of the Ten Generals. If they resisted with all their might, they would only be thoroughly destroyed and sent to prison to play mahjong!

At present, the intelligence team was being managed by Qin Lang as team leader.

After Devil King woke up from the game, he planned to travel around the world. Qin Lang's method of sending out tree roots into the air to look for information lay a fine foundation for the intelligence department. With Qin Lang in command, the Lord and Lady of the Castle naturally didn't dare act rashly as part of the intelligence team.

"What Sect Leader Lu is seeing now from the bus is just the tip of the iceberg that is the Office of Strategic Deception," Professor Yang said mildly.

Lu Youming nodded. "The scale of the Office of Strategic Deception is truly unprecedented... I am in awe."

Professor Yang's words were a warning.

As an experienced veteran, Lu Youming naturally heard it.

But Professor Yang didn't directly expose Lu Youming's operation.

Because the current Office of Strategic Deception wasn't afraid of trouble cropping up at all.

As the sightseeing bus passed a massive shed, Professor Yang looked out the window and said leisurely, "What you see now is our Office of Strategic Deception's Number 1 Heavenly Dao Broccoli Farm. Number 1 Farm is currently the largest of its kind in all of Huaxiu nation. The Heavenly Dao broccoli which our sect produces will go on the market in the future, and will be sold in supermarkets as well as food markets, marked with the Office of Strategic Deception's label of authenticity."

"How... is a Heavenly Dao broccoli different?" A lot of the sect heads felt like they were choking.

"Studies have shown that the Heavenly Dao broccoli which our sect grows can alleviate the problem of toxins which can accumulate in the bodies of cultivators below the Soul Formation stage. Put simply, it's a laxative."

"..."

"Furthermore, long-term consumption can extend a person's lifespan. Our sect head, Lord Thunder, who is also Chief of the Office of Strategic Deception, will personally eat Heavenly Dao broccoli produced by our sect at the opening ceremony," Professor Yang said.

When he said this, someone gave a sudden sneer. "I was wondering how good it was. Unless eating this broccoli will help you comprehend Heavenly Dao, it's nothing much."

"That will depend on how you eat it; who knows, you really might be able to comprehend Heavenly Dao."

Professor Yang replied with a smile, "Nationally renowned botanist Zhang Xiaohua, who wrote the authoritative work on the cross-breeding of spirit plants, History's First Chaos , has joined our Office of Strategic Deception as the leader of the spirit plants team."

"..."

Hearing this, the expressions of these sect heads of major sects froze. Even Zhang Xiaohua had joined...

Professor Yang: "Professor Zhang said that, while the chances are certainly very low, you can sense Heavenly Dao by consuming Heavenly Dao broccoli; that's why we call it Heavenly Dao broccoli. There is so much false advertising out there nowadays, but our Office of Strategic Deception only deals in what's real!"

"..."





Chapter 809 The Office Of Strategic Deception's Protective Barrier


It was a long time before the sightseeing bus reached the Office of Strategic Deception's northern square. This square was where all the sect disciples of the Office of Strategic Deception did their morning exercise. It was hideously big, stretching as far as the eye could see... And most importantly, the Office of Strategic Deception still had three more squares like this.

Lu Youming and the other sect heads were all hit one after another.

This sect was just blatantly flaunting its wealth, wasn't it?!

Jealousy was truly a scary thing, and even Void Refinement big shot sect leaders couldn't escape it. Cultivators could expel toxins and impurities from their bodies as well as purify their spirits through cultivation, but they couldn't completely eradicate the emotions and desires of the heart.

In a sense, a person who could completely abandon all emotions and desires would have already lost his soul as a human being...

After bringing the sect leaders to the northern square, Professor Yang looked at the time and said, "There's still half an hour to the opening ceremony. Everyone else is still on the way. Since you are our Office of Strategic Deception's VIP guests, the sightseeing bus took the green passage just now. The wooden house next to the square is a guest teahouse which has drinks and pastries. Sect leaders, please help yourself."

"Alright, many thanks, Professor Yang." Lu Youming nodded.

Actually, while he had been speaking, Professor Yang had already noticed that a few of the sect heads seemed to have disappeared...

Hm, they had probably gone to carry out their plan.

But Professor Yang didn't raise the alert or even ask any questions, and simply turned a blind eye.

Conversely, however, it was this display which made Lu Youming very uneasy.

Because everything was proceeding too smoothly...

On the way here, Lu Youming had already felt that something wasn't right with Professor Yang's expression; it felt like the other side had already learned about their operation...

Lu Youming was restless as he sat inside the guest teahouse on the edge of the northern square and gazed out the window.

At that moment, a new message popped up in the Alliance chat group.

Everything was already in place.

Sect Leader Sun had led four other sect heads to the location specified by that Long clan descendant senior.

Sun Hanzhe: "President Lu, we've already set up the transmission crystals!"

"They look a little like the type used especially for summons. Who knows what this senior will summon later." A few of the sect leaders started speculating in the group. On the other side of the screen, Lu Youming could sense their excitement.

"The few of you, come back quickly..." Lu Youming said nothing more.

The place where the transmission crystals were set up actually wasn't far from the northern square.

"President Lu, can it be that you're scared?" Sun Hanzhe laughed. "Lord President, don't worry. We're using invisibility talismans, and the other side can't see us at all. When I placed the crystals down just now, some people whom I assume are sect disciples of the Office of Strategic Deception walked past me, but didn't notice me!"

Lu Youming sighed and swiftly typed, "Everyone, remember that the reason we agreed to this in the first place was because there's basically no risk involved and it's something we can do in passing. But even then, be a little more prudent; nothing good comes out of going too wild..."

"Ha ha ha! Lord President, you're too cautious. We'll be right back!" Sect Leader Sun said.

This Sect Leader Sun was clearly completely unaware of how dangerous the situation was.

While President Lu was waiting in the teahouse, Professor Yang walked in with a silk pouch, his face all smiles. "Sect Leader Lu, I forgot to give you this earlier!"

Lu Youming: "This silk pouch is...?"

Professor Yang: "We have gifts for all the distinguished guests who've come to our sect this time. There are seventeen pieces of green jade inside this silk pouch. Sect Leader Lu can hand them out."

Lu Youming's forehead was still sweating.

He had been startled when Yang Bingchuan suddenly came in.

"Then many thanks, Professor Yang... But this green jade probably isn't simply an ornament, is it?"

"Of course." Professor Yang nodded. "When you wear this jade, it can gather a fixed amount of spirit energy as there is a small spirit-gathering array embedded in it. Additionally, these jade pieces are also ID tags for our Office of Strategic Deception's VIP guests. Our sect's protective barrier was activated ten minutes ago, but as long as you carry this jade on you, you'll be able to bypass some of the restrictions."

"Re- restrictions?"

"All large sects basically have a protective barrier, don't they? After entering a sect's protective barrier, you're restricted from flying, casting spells, and so forth. Does Sect Leader Lu's sect not have one?"

"Mm... of course it does..." Lu Youming was sweating.

He had been observing every single movement in his surroundings from the teahouse, but completely hadn't sensed the Office of Strategic Deception's protective barrier being activated... How brilliant was the array maker, for that to be possible? To actually mask his movements to the point that there wasn't the least bit activity?

President Lu vaguely felt that things weren't looking good...

Just as he was about to send a text to Sect Leader Sun and the others to hurry up and come back, Professor Yang continued, "May I trouble Sect Leader Lu to please hand the jade pieces out as quickly as possible? The protective barrier is now active. If you're not wearing this jade, not only will you be subjected to flight and spell restrictions within the sect, even the talismans you carry on you won't work!"

Lu Youming: "..."

...

On the other side, on the top of a mountain not far from the northern square, Sect Leader Sun led four other sect heads as they completed their mission of setting up the crystals. However, they weren't in a hurry to leave.

It took them just five minutes to set up these crystals, and there were still twenty-five minutes left to the start of the opening ceremony.

When they passed through here earlier, they unexpectedly discovered a natural hot spring halfway up the mountain; this hot spring was currently under the jurisdiction of the Office of Strategic Deception's hot springs team.

"This Office of Strategic Deception really has a lot of trade!" All the sect leaders were deeply jealous.

Because the Office of Strategic Deception had over fifty natural hot springs like this one...

All kinds of supply chains, and abundant and diverse resources for the development of the sect... the Office of Strategic Deception had brought together almost all current sect businesses. This sect was simply like a paradise; who wouldn't want to come here?

After setting up the crystals, Sect Leader Sun received a message from President Lu urging him to hurry up and go back.

Standing on the edge of the cliff as the wind blew, Sect Leader Sun looked down at the magnificent Office of Strategic Deception below, and felt unsatisfied in his heart.

He wondered how long the Office of Strategic Deception could be complacent for...

"President Lu urged us to go back. To be on the safe side, let's take a shortcut." Sect Leader Sun let out a long breath.

"Alright!" The other sect leaders nodded.

"Then, who's first?" Sect Leader Sun asked.

They were all at the Void Refinement stage, so they planned to jump straight down from here.

"How about together?"

"Alright." Sect Leader Sun nodded.

Then they all jumped.

They were using invisibility talismans, and thought that no one would see them jump off the cliff.

But they had no idea at all that the sect's protective barrier had already been activated.

So, as they were falling, they noticed that something wasn't right about the situation...

Because they realized that there was actually a group of reporters holding all types of recording equipment at the bottom of the cliff.

These reporters were on their way to the northern square...





Chapter 810 The Sect's Founding Ceremony


As Void Refinement experts, they would certainly be fine after jumping off the cliff. At worst, they might just land in slightly uglier-looking postures... After all, humans weren't cats, and didn't subscribe to the theory of Schrodinger's cat, who always landed feet first. Hence, the invisibility talismans they were wearing this time played a big role: as long as no one saw them, it wouldn't be too shameful even if they looked unsightly when they landed!

But the problem was that a group of reporters had suddenly gathered at the bottom of the cliff, frightening Sect Leader Sun and the others so much that their complexions turned pale right away.

Perhaps the scariest thing for experts like them with their realms were reporters!

Furthermore, in order to grab attention, a small portion of reporters would often twist the facts in their articles.

Now, seeing them jump off a cliff in someone else's newly founded sect, what kind of fanciful things would they write in their articles?

— Shock! The heads of five major sects bungee jumping off a cliff together at the founding ceremony of a new sect!

— Sect Leader of Radish King Sect leads four major sect leaders in performing the Leap of Faith 1 to celebrate the opening of the Office of Strategic Deception!

1(From Assassin's Creed.) The moment he saw these reporters, Sect Leader Sun had already come up with plenty of wild headlines...

Their jump off the cliff very quickly caught the attention of this group of reporters, who were on their way to the northern square.

"Look! Someone's jumped off the cliff!"

"Lighting! Cameraman! Where's the equipment?! This is news! It'll grab the headlines!"

"Who're the jumpers?"

"The one at the very front looks like Sun Hanzhe, the sect leader of Radish King Sect?"

"Click""click""click"...

In just a split second, the cameras were already flashing wildly at the bottom of the cliff.

"Sect... Sect Leader Sun... what's going on?" The sect leaders behind Sect Leader Sun looked stupefied. They were clearly using invisibility talismans! But for some reason, the talismans had stopped working at that moment!

And right in front of a group of reporters as well...

And the most important thing was that this damn group of reporters could run especially fast!

Holding their recording equipment aloft, they directly activated their body techniques and scampered over; two of the cameramen were even using "Zero Ripples and Minute Steps 2 "!

2(Adapted from a kungfu technique in the wuxia novel "Demi-Gods and Semi-Devils .. ") It was only at that moment that Sect Leader Sun realized they might have been set up.

But if this had been deliberately arranged by the Office of Strategic Deception, they had no evidence for it.

Because this group of reporters had been on their way to the northern square to begin with, and had just so happened to choose this route.

Professor Yang had specially said before that honored guests were different, so the route they had taken wasn't the same. What they had used was the VIP green passage, while this group of reporters might be taking some passage that was especially for the news media.

So ultimately, all this could be said to be a coincidence...

They could only admit defeat!

Sect Leader Sun clenched his teeth and did all he could to circulate his spirit energy, planning to control the slipstreams in the air to stay aloft.

But unfortunately, he realized that his spirit energy was flowing out of his fingertips bit by bit, and couldn't gather at all.

The rest were also in the same predicament.

"The sect's barrier..."

Sect Leader Sun immediately thought that this might be an effect of the sect's barrier.

And the invisibility talisman losing its effectiveness was also probably because of the sect's barrier.

But Sect Leader Sun clearly didn't expect the sect's barrier to actually be this strong - even Void Refinement experts like them were prevented from using their spirit energy...

Thus, Sect Leader Sun, who was still falling, could only sigh in the end. "Don't panic, everyone... I'll deal with the reporters!"

"Then what should we do now?" The other sect heads wanted to cry.

"Now all of you can think about how to make your landing look better..."

"..."

...

At the same time, Sect Leader Lu, who was fidgeting restlessly in the teahouse, seemed to sense that something was wrong.

Sect Leader Sun was too slow coming back... Even if the protective barrier was now active and they couldn't circulate their spirit energy as usual, they were still Void Refinement experts - they shouldn't be this slow even if they ran. Logically speaking, they should have been back long ago.

But there wasn't the least bit activity now.

"Sect Leader Lu, your expression doesn't look very good?" Professor Yang deliberately asked with a smile.

"Er... I was just wondering why Old Sun and the others haven't come back yet." Sect Leader Lu smiled awkwardly and blurted out a lie. "They told me earlier that they were going to pee."

"Pee in a group? But going to the toilet hand-in-hand, isn't that a little girl's habit?"

"Hm... it's a special hobby of theirs! I did tell them acting gay all the time won't do!"

"But the teahouse has a washroom."

"They like... to be close to nature!"

"..."

At that moment, Professor Yang looked at his phone; it seemed that he had received some news. "Sect Leader Lu, Sect Leader Sun and the others may be a little late... I just got word that a group of reporters are interviewing them."

"Reporters..."

"Yes, these are the front-line media reporters which our sect head specially invited for this sect founding ceremony: Cultivation People's Evening News, Cultivation People's Morning News, Huaxiu Cultivation Daily News - they're all here!"

Hearing this, Sect Leader Lu was so frightened that he broke into a cold sweat. If these reporters caught them in the act, could this situation be saved?

"Professor Yang... would it be possible to give us some face, and have these reporters leave them alone? Our Alliance will remember this in the future..." Sect Leader Lu already realized how serious this situation was, because Sect Leader Sun and the others represented Sky Light Alliance, and what the Alliance valued the most naturally was its reputation.

All these years, the reason why the Alliance had been able to stand without collapsing was thanks to the harmonious air fostered by this reputation. If they made a mess today, there would be bad blood between Alliance members, and it was hard to say what it would be like in the future.

But what frightened Sect Leader Lu even more was how coincidental it was.

If this was something the Office of Strategic Deception had deliberately planned all along... the other party's sense of strategy was too astute! What looked simply like a casual move had thrown them into disorder and hit them where it hurt!

Professor Yang pinched his mustache and chuckled. "This happened in our sect, and since Sect Leader Lu and Sky Light Alliance are honored guests of our sect who are in our special care, we will naturally sort this out properly. But I also hope that Sect Leader Lu will remember what you just said..."

"Of course..." Sect Leader Lu bowed.

As the two men were talking, a gargantuan black shadow in the sky blocked out the sun and covered the entire northern square and the teahouse.

The sect leaders inside the teahouse were alarmed, and came out for a look. They then saw a huge immortal warship with the insignia of the Office of Strategic Deception on it, moored in the sky.

A moment later, hundreds of Soul Formation cultivators fell in beams of golden light from the sky like godly soldiers, waving congratulatory red streamers in sync. A moment later, they moved to form a straight line, and then an "S," as the sound of harps floated down...





Chapter 811 The Diligent and Thrifty Office Of Strategic Deception


Hundreds of Soul Formation cultivators... what kind of momentum was this?!

The sect leaders were all dumbfounded.

If one had to know, it was already quite extravagant to invite several Soul Formation cultivators to be the guard of honor at a regular sect's founding ceremony. Not only was hiring Soul Formation cultivators costly, the most important thing was that they were extremely difficult to hire. And yet, the Office of Strategic Deception had actually gathered such a large number of Soul Formation cultivators to be their honor guard... For one moment, the group of sect leaders on the ground who saw this felt their insides hurt.

Sure enough, this was the gap between renminbi players and ordinary players...

On the other side, in the machine room under the stage on the Office of Strategic Deception's northern square.

Lord Thunder, Chief of the Office of Strategic Deception, was secretly watching everything on a screen. There was a machine room under the stage in each square. When the time came later, he would use the lift in the center of the machine room to appear directly in the middle of the stage.

At that moment, the celebration of the Office of Strategic Deception's founding began.

Watching hundreds of Soul Formation cultivators slowly descend from the immortal warship as they waved red streamers, Lord Thunder was overwhelmed with emotion.

Xiao Yin and Er Ha were both with Lord Thunder.

Er Ha: "So many Soul Formation cultivators must have cost quite a bit... woof?"

Xiao Yin: "And to gather so many Soul Formation cultivators to do nothing more than wave ribbons for that money is truly amazing!"

Er Ha spread its dog paws. "Maybe Grandpa Yuan fed them too much 1 ! Woof!"

1("Grandpa Yuan" refers to Yuan Longping, the "father of hybrid rice." The phrase is now used online to mock others who are deemed useless or inferior.) Xiao Yin nodded, crouched down and gave Er Ha a high-five.

Although this Silver and this dog were usually foes, they were unexpectedly on the same wavelength when it came to this matter.

"Brother Dog... why are you suddenly adding a suffix to your words now?" Lord Thunder sweated.

Er Ha: "Since learning the 'Basic Dog Skills,' I can't help but want to piss whenever I see a pole, woof!"

Lord Thunder and Xiao Yin: "..."

"I spoke about this to Shen Wuyue, Sage Master of the demon race. Later, he thought up a way for me to deal with it. He said that if I wanted to deal with this aftereffect, I can't fight it psychologically - instead, I have to be more like a dog. Since I wasn't a dog to begin with, my soul might have unconsciously experienced some conflict when I learned this technique... woof."

"So this is what you came up with?"

"That's right, woof!"

"..."

Coming back to the main topic, Lord Thunder looked at the screen in front of him and said, "Actually, I didn't spend much at all for this group of Soul Formation cultivators. Our sect has only just been founded, how can I spend money so recklessly? Sects will generally invite two or three Soul Formation cultivators to act as a guard of honor at their founding ceremonies. These several hundred people actually cost about the same as two or three Soul Formation cultivators."

Xiao Yin and Er Ha were shocked. "How can it be so cheap???"

Lord Thunder touched his head and grinned. "Brother Ling drew me a large stack of Soul Formation talismans before. These talismans can upgrade auras to the Soul Formation stage in the short-term, but in truth aren't very helpful for increasing strength. This lot in the sky now are actually all at the Foundation Establishment stage."

Xiao Yin and Er Ha: "..." Even this could work?!

Lord Thunder: "Brother Ling also said before that he would draw Void Refinement talismans. But I looked at the VIP list later and realized that a lot of the guests were Void Refinement cultivators, so it didn't seem very polite to organize a Void Refinement honor guard, even if it's fake! It would be too embarrassing and shameful for them!"

Er Ha broke out in a sweat.

That group of sect leaders looking at this momentum outside right now might already be feeling ashamed...

At that moment, a signal light in the machine room lit up, and a familiar voice came through the speaker next to it. "Senior Immortal, everything is ready. The host has already arrived backstage."

It was Cailian Zhenren's voice.

Today, she was in charge of venue proceedings.

"Alright, then have the host enter as planned." Lord Thunder nodded.

Cailian Zhenren: "Roger!"

A few seconds later, a middle-aged host wearing black-rimmed glasses and a smile on his very familiar-looking face approached from backstage. He had very long sideburns, which gave this uncle the appearance of a middle-aged elite. Back straight, he strolled unhurriedly onto the stage.

At that moment, dozens of buses were driving in from different directions to the northern square, and more and more people began to gather.

Sect leaders, deputy sect leaders and relevant representatives from Earth-, Black-, Yellow- and Dust-level sects, as well as regional leaders, media reporters and others, were now all in place.

But this wasn't the highlight...

When he went onstage, this middle-aged host gave the immortal warship in the sky a look.

As the host, he already knew what was going to happen throughout the entire founding ceremony, and naturally he knew what kind of bigwigs were on the immortal warship.

Pa!

A spotlight was projected down from the immortal warship to light up the middle-aged host's figure, and a deep and stately voice was broadcasted all of a sudden.

Everyone present instantly quieted down until there was only the sound of the host's voice. "Guests, leaders, executives, sect leaders, deputy sect leaders, representatives, and friends from the media, good morning! The celebration ceremony for the founding of the General Office of Strategic Deception, or the Office of Strategic Deception, is about to begin."

When they had a clear look at the face of the middle-aged host under the spotlight, a lot of people couldn't help being startled

Because this host's identity wasn't simple...

This was the royal host who hosted Huaxiu's annual state ceremony - Wang Han!

"My god, Lao Gudong Han is also here..."

"It's actually Lao Gudong Han. Is this for real..."

"It's really Lao Gudong Han! Look at his sideburns and black-rimmed glasses, that's him in the flesh!"

"WTF?! It's really him! How did the Office of Strategic Deception manage to invite him?"

The moment Wang Han appeared in the spotlight before everyone, even the media reporters were stupefied. For a moment, the square was silent, and they were so surprised they even forgot to press their camera shutters.

This was a host whose experiences were pretty legendary. Not only was he a master professional host, his strength wasn't ordinary, as he was a genuine Void Refinement cultivator.

Many people still dimly remembered how Wang Han had become famous back then.

He had once done an ad for lao tan pickled cabbage beef noodles, but when they were reshooting some scenes, the crew was attacked by gangsters. In that moment, Lao Gudong Han stepped forward, and used the pickled cabbage inside the noodles he had been eating to hang and kill the gangsters, and thus made a name for himself through this fight.

After that, the ad slogan spread far and wide and became a classic...

— Some copy my face, some copy my noodles, but you can't copy how I uphold world peace with pickled cabbage 2 !

2(Adapted from the ad slogan for Tong Yi instant lao tan pickled cabbage beef noodles ..)





Chapter 812 Official Announcement Style


For one moment, the air froze at Wang Han's appearance. No one expected this royal host, who often hosted state ceremonies, to show up at the celebration ceremony for the founding of a sect. At the same time, Lu Youming was even more terrified - he sensed that there was a huge amount of power behind this Office of Strategic Deception, so huge that just thinking about it made him feel like he had been electrocuted.

It could only be said that Lao Gudong Han was in the end Lao Gudong Han.

In front of so many sect big shots and the media, he was able to demonstrate his calm and professional hosting ability.

He wasn't even holding a script, but instead already knew all the proceedings for the founding ceremony by heart.

Holding the microphone and standing erect, Wang Han said loudly, "This founding celebration ceremony is specially sponsored by Small Raccoon Crispy Noodle Snacks."

At that moment, a holographic 3D QR code was projected into the sky — it was actually a pixelated image of a small raccoon!

"All guests present can scan this QR code and follow the steps to participate in the Office of Strategic Deception's founding celebration ceremony raffle." Wang Han continued, "The Office of Strategic Deception has prepared generous prizes for the celebration of the sect's founding: ten ninth-class holy artifacts, ten sixth-class holy artifacts, and three third-class holy artifacts. There is also a special mystery prize! This special prize is an exquisite luxury good you can never imagine..."

No sooner had he finished speaking when whispers instantly broke out all over the field.

"Holy artifacts... can these just be given away so casually?"

"The Office of Strategic Deception really is rich!"

"Three third-class holy artifacts... A typical sect would choose to leave these to their own disciples."

"Hey, is no one curious about what the ultimate mystery prize is?"

...

A lot of people took out their phones and started to scan the QR code.

They then discovered that this QR code was in fact the Office of Strategic Deception's official account.

After tapping "Follow," an automated reply message popped up instantly.

System: From the General Office of Strategic Deception: Thank you for following the General Office of Strategic Deception's official account. At the same time, we sincerely invite all guests to participate in a raffle in conjunction with the sect's founding. As long as you officially announce your support for the Office of Strategic Deception in your WeChat Moments, take a screenshot, and reply to our official account, you will be eligible to participate in the raffle. Note: If you do not know the official announcement style, please look it up online.

"Official announcement style 1 ?"

1(A meme styled after actress Zhao Liying's online wedding announcement, in which she wrote "official announcement ♥.") "What's that?"

Plenty of people had blank looks on their faces.

"Does Sect Leader Lu know what the official announcement style is?" a Sky Light Alliance sect leader asked Lu Youming.

"I think I do..."

Working his phone, Lu Youming quickly took a photo.

It was a picture of the vast crowd in the northern square, and he posted it in his WeChat Moments.

Lu Youming: "Congratulations to the Office of Strategic Deception on its establishment! Official announcement! ♥"

A lot of people gathered round for look, and suddenly understood. "So this is the official announcement style? As expected of Sect Leader Lu..."

And so, for a time after that, many sect bigwigs present started to put together messages...

Head of Cutting Sky Gang Xu Buque: "Extra! The Office of Strategic Deception is established today! The only Sky-level third-class sect! Official announcement! ♥"

Adorable Lord of The Adorable Avengers Big Radish Head: "Congratulations to the Office of Strategic Deception on its founding! Official announcement! ♥"

Sect Leader of Electric Eel Sect Wu Xiuyin: "The Office of Strategic Deception is founded today. The northern square is a sea of people. I saw a lot of bigwigs. It's so hot SKR ! Official announcement! ♥"

Sect Leader of Moral Cultivation Sect Fan Bayi: "I've long heard that Lord Thunder, Chief of the newly established Office of Strategic Deception, is very popular. The Office of Strategic Deception's founding is today, and many sect leaders have gathered. Congratulations! I hope that my Moral Cultivation Sect and the Office of Strategic Deception will have a chance to cooperate in the film and television industry! Paying taxes will start with me2 ! Official announcement! ♥"

2(A jibe at actress Fan Bingbing's tax evasion case, "ba yi" referring to the 800 million fine she received ..) President of So Delicious Association Wang Jingze: "To be honest, when I first received the invitation, I, Wang Jingze, declined to come. I would rather starve to death or jump from here than participate in the Office of Strategic Deception's founding ceremony! If not for the raffle... So delicious! Official announcement! ♥"

...

This momentum created by the forwarded messages of support for the raffle wasn't small - in just a few minutes, it exploded online and instantly became a hot topic.

The hot topic "The founding of the General Office of Strategic Deception" straightaway went to the top of the "Breaking News" list of headlines.

The app's search interface even froze when a lot of people tried to use it.

The messages in the official announcement style posted by so many sect leaders and well-known media from all over the country caused a huge stir on WeChat, Weibo, Tieba and many other platforms.

Furthermore, below the hot topic "The founding of the General Office of Strategic Deception," the keyword "Great Death-Courting Senior" also appeared on the list.

In the machine room, Lord Thunder observed the activity online.

In a flash, this momentum generated by the raffle had pushed the Office of Strategic Deception into becoming today's topic. Even before the media in the northern square had time to gather the facts and report the news, the sect's founding already dominated all the headlines of the major news media websites.

"Sister Cailian is really awesome," Lord Thunder marveled.

Xiao Yin was very curious. "What is this special prize?"

"Food," Lord Thunder replied.

Er Ha reacted almost instantly. "It can't be Little Master Ling's crispy noodle snack, can it... woof?"

"Ha ha ha, Brother Dog's reaction is so quick. I did suggest to Brother Ling before that we cook one enchanted crispy noodle snack packet and turn it into a delicacy as the special prize, but Brother Ling wasn't in favor of the idea!"

"..."

"So the special prize was changed in the end. It isn't a crispy noodle snack, but it's also an exquisite luxury dish, as well as a delicacy. It's just that this dish is too expensive to make, and can even compare with a first-class holy artifact. After eating it, your lifespan can directly increase by up to two hundred years."

"Up to two hundred years..." Xiao Yin's mouth dropped open in surprise. "What is it?"

"Charcoal grilled purple cloud wings with braised Heavenly Dao broccoli," Lord Thunder said.

Xiao Yin and Er Ha: "..."

At that moment, the voice of the host Wang Han rang out again in the northern square. "Before the sect's founding ceremony officially begins, the Office of Strategic Deception has prepared a sideshow. Any of the sect leaders present may come forward as you please to challenge our sect's leader of the recreation hall... If you win, you will immediately receive a first-class holy artifact!"

In the machine room, Xiao Yin and Er Ha were shocked when they heard this.

"Master's here?"

"Little Master's here?"

One Silver and one dog said almost in unison.

"Brother Ling has to prepare for his final exams, so naturally he can't come to the ceremony. But this is a major event for the sect, after all, so he gave us face by sending half a clone over."

"Half... half a clone?"

"A clone that only has half the spirit power of a regular whole clone. Brother Ling said that all the sect leaders present are pretty weak. If he uses a whole clone, he's afraid he'll directly beat them to death."

"..."

"After all, this is a sect founding ceremony. It wouldn't be good to spill blood. We should start well, and get along a little."

"..."





Chapter 813 Wang Ling's Alternate Account


Leader of the recreation hall...

Prior to the Office of Strategic Deception's opening ceremony, all the major sects had already investigated its registration details. Everyone naturally knew about this recreation hall, since it was one of the seven core departments that the Office of Strategic Deception had specifically made public. Furthermore, this department's main role was to sell snacks inside the sect... To put it bluntly, it was more or less like a school's snack counter.

A lot of people weren't clear on why the Office of Strategic Deception would set up this department.

The only thing they could be sure of was that the identity of this department leader definitely wasn't simple!

Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch...

This was a Daoist name that no one present had heard of before.

In fact, Cailian Zhenren had deliberately proposed this sideshow contest.

All the prominent sect leaders in the cultivation circle were gathered here today for the celebration of the sect's founding; this was a great opportunity to create an image of "Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch." For one thing, it would build prestige for the Office of Strategic Deception as a new sect in front of everyone. On top of that, it would effectively wash away the outside attention that Wang Ling had drawn when he used the Daoist name "Ling Zhenren."

So this time, Wang Ling sent half a clone, but it had been molded into a particular appearance, even including its height, and it looked nothing like Wang Ling's actual appearance.

"Whenever I asked Brother Ling to help out before, he always used the image of Ling Zhenren. Thinking back on it, however, this really was too indiscreet. Brother Ling is someone who likes to keep a low profile, so this activity this time is also for the sake of misleading the public. To put it bluntly, this is to help Brother Ling set up an alternate account!"

Er Ha: "..."

This explanation was quite simple and crude!

Xiao Yin: "While a lot of people have never seen Master before, this is also Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch's first appearance. Wouldn't someone figure out that they're in fact the same person?"

"Don't worry about that."

Inside the machine room, Lord Thunder waved his hand and said, "I made this Daoist name 'Ling Zhenren' an honorary visiting official of the sect. He'll appear later with the other VIPs on the immortal warship."

Xiao Yin: "Is that also a clone?"

Lord Thunder shook his head. "No, that's the human replica magic treasure which Brother Wang Ming made. He also made some changes to its appearance, but that's a secret for the time being. The replica Ling Zhenren on the immortal warship is now wearing a full suit of armor, just like an armored warrior!"

Xiao Yin and Er Ha: "..."

Lord Thunder pressed the call button. "Attention, everyone, Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch is about to go on stage!"

After receiving the message, Wang Han stepped to one side. The sound of gears turning rang out on the stage as it slowly split apart down the center.

Then, a battle arena slowly rose up.

This was a standard fifty by fifty meters battle arena. The entire arena had been specially designed so that it was extremely resistant to attacks, and furthermore could retain memories of its shape; even if it was damaged beyond recognition, it could restore itself.

When this arena appeared in front of the audience, the legendary Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch ascended together with it, standing in the very middle of the entire arena.

"Is this Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch?"

The people present gazed at the young man in the center of the arena. He was very thin, and his skin couldn't be considered fair, but was the healthy color of wheat... Most importantly, his face seemed a little familiar to some people.

Especially Er Ha - when it saw this young man's appearance, it was stunned for an instant.

It was sure that when Little Master Ling had been molding this face, he had to have used someone's image as reference, and this person was someone it was very familiar with! Lord Thunder smiled and said, "This image of Brother Ling's clone is modeled on Senior Wang's appearance when he was young."

Er Ha was instantly struck by realization — it turned out this was Father Wang's younger self!

No wonder Er Ha felt like it had seen this face before — there were photos on the bookshelf in Father Wang's study of him as a young man.

Er Ha remembered that Father Wang was from the countryside. Before coming to the city, he had lived in a village with Old Man Wang. In those days, Father Wang had been known in all the nearby villages as a handsome young man. He had been born with good looks, and had been popular with women since childhood.

And most importantly, Father Wang had a pair of very beautiful phoenix eyes. Since he had taken to wearing glasses after he started writing, this characteristic wasn't so obvious... But this was the reason why Father Wang once suspected that Wang Ling wasn't his flesh and blood.

Because Mother Wang had very beautiful double eyelids and big eyes! And Father Wang had phoenix eyes...

But how did the two of them end up having a son with dead fish eyes?

Later, Father Wang convinced himself...

His son Wang Ling...

Must have mutated in the womb...

Er Ha never imagined that Little Master Ling would actually have this half-clone take on the image of a young Father Wang.

The game had just become interesting.

"Who will come up first?" Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch opened his mouth.

His voice was unexpectedly gentle, and he came across as a humble nobleman.

Er Ha: "What the... this voice! Sounds too nice! Hearing it can make a person pregnant! Woof!"

Even the voice was very similar to Father Wang's!

But this was Father Wang's voice as a young man...

Stripped of the vicissitudes of time, this voice sounded unusually gentle and pleasant!

But Er Ha quickly realized that this didn't seem to be the main point!

"Why does this clone have this kind of voice? Woof!" Er Ha was surprised.

"This half-clone was specially made by Brother Ling and won't vanish. Thus, both its appearance and its voice were changed. Most importantly, this half-clone can think for itself." Lord Thunder said, "Of course, if Brother Ling wants to recall it, he can do so at any time."

After hearing this, Er Ha and Xiao Yin were both dumbfounded.

A clone that could think for itself and wouldn't vanish...

Nuwa herself couldn't create a human being as easily as this!

It was clear that this was something that only Wang Ling could do...

It was already amazing enough to be able to mold the clone's face at will, but to preserve it so that it didn't disperse and to give it spiritual intelligence was just like creating new life!

Not long after this Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch clone representing Wang Ling laid down his challenge in the arena, a figure leapt onto the stage right away.

This was Sakamoto Shisaburo, sect leader of Leaping Sect. This was a foreigner from Sun Island. However, he loved Huaxiu's culture very much, and so had settled in Huaxiu and established Leaping Sect, starting a business in teaching body movements.

At that moment, Wang Han announced the rules. "Sect leaders, the rule for this match is that as long as you can touch Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch's body, you win the match."

"Touch his body? That simple?"

"The Office of Strategic Deception is a little too conceited... The sect leaders present aren't pushovers!"

Someone laughed and spoke.

"It's not that we're looking down on the sect leaders, but that we don't have much time. There is still a lot to do after this."

Wang Han smiled and added, "Another thing, this isn't a one-on-one match. Sect leaders, as long as you're willing to take up the challenge, you can even work together. Of course, the final prize can only be given to the person who touches Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch first. During the challenge, if you leave the arena, you lose."

Hearing this, many of the sect leaders present were indignant, and one by one they spontaneously jumped into the arena.

"I, Steamed Broth Sect, accept this challenge!"

"I, Sweet Bean Curd Sect, accept this challenge!! "

"I, Three Days And Two Sects, accept this challenge!"





Chapter 814 Flashy


Inside the machine room, Xiao Yin and Er Ha frowned deeply as they looked at these sect leaders who had volunteered and jumped into the arena.

This wasn't right! Why didn't any of them seem the least bit proper?

Except for Leaping Sect, whose name sounded a little serious, the rest of the sects sounded like they were from funny novels! They could tolerate Steamed Broth Sect and Sweet Bean Curd Sect... It wasn't strange nowadays for foodies to build their own sects and uphold their preferences. In addition to Sweet Bean Curd Sect, there were also Salty Bean Curd Sect and Spicy Sweet Bean Curd Sect. These three factions had been locked in an ongoing battle for ages; now, sects had even been set up to recruit people and engage in mutual disdain.

Hm, then the question now was...

What the hell was this Three Days And Two Sects?

Was some irresponsible author besmirching some person again 1 ?

1(Referring to the web author Three Days and Two Sleeps. "Sect/teaching" 教 shares the same pinyin as "sleep" 觉..) Xiao Yin: "This Three Days And Two Sects..."

"Brother Xiao is referring to this sect? Well, the name indeed sounds very odd, but it's a genuine major Earth-level second-class sect."

Lord Thunder explained, "But I'm a little surprised that the sect leader stepped out to fight. Because the sect is more used to fighting with words."

"Fighting with words?"

"In fact, this sect was originally called Three Days Sect. It earns money by recording down all kinds of secret stories of the cultivation world, and compiling them into novels for online publication. Most of the disciples they recruit are talented writers. After signing the sect contract, they become paid novelists and completely hole up in the sect. The name refers to the godly speed at which they write books. Their record is three days; a sect disciple wrote a novel in three days and even won a literary prize for it."

Lord Thunder laughed. "However, their biggest enemy right now in fact is Senior Wang. In the last monthly battle for votes, this Three Days Sect was messing around behind the scenes, but unfortunately were still beaten back by Senior Wang in the end."

"Then the current name..."

"As for the current name, we have to start with Zhu Ge, the Cultivation Chinese Network guru author who several years ago was so enraged by Senior Wang that he left. At that time, Wang Situ angering Zhu Ge into leaving caused a huge stir. After leaving the Network, Zhuge found a new home with Three Days Sect. At the time, the sect leader of Three Days Sect did all he could to invite Zhu Ge to join them, offering him equal shares and the position of deputy sect leader."

"And then?"

"The sect leader of Three Days Sect meant well, but after Zhu Ge joined the sect, he started to constantly demand that the sect go out and collect reference material for writing. This didn't align with the sect's original aim of sticking to the keyboard and pounding out words as the front line. Not long after Zhu Ge joined the sect, the conflict between sect leader and deputy sect leader increased."

"..."

"But even though they quarreled, they never considered splitting the sect, because Three Days Sect would definitely drop from Earth to Black or even Yellow level. Thus, after Zhu Ge joined the sect, it was subdivided into the Materials Collection faction managed by Zhu Ge and the Shut-Ins faction managed by the original sect leader. Finally, they simply changed the sect name to Three Days And Two Sects."

Xiao Yin and Er Ha: "..."

...

By then, more and more people had gathered in the arena. A dozen or so sect leaders had stepped onto the stage.

However, most of these sect leaders were from Earth- and Black-level sects. Some of the Sky-level sect leaders, like Lu Youming, were still biding their time.

To be honest, Lu Youming didn't dare make a move at all.

Even if the prize was a very attractive first-class holy artifact...

Instinct was telling Lu Youming that this Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch's strength wasn't simple at all...

At the moment, because there was already quite a number of people on stage, a few other sect leaders who had initially intended to go up decided to withdraw for now, and if there was another chance later, to step up then.

On one hand, the arena was only so big; it wouldn't be easy controlling your attacks with so many other people on stage.

On the other hand, if these dozen or so people all lost to one person, how embarrassing would that be?!

"Everyone, I propose that we all join hands to exert pressure and lock him inside a strong array, and then attack him! Whoever touches him first takes the prize. How about it?" suggested Sakamoto Shisaburo, sect leader of Leaping Sect.

"Agreed!"

"I'm fine with that."

"Mm, that's fair! But when we attack him later, we must all stand on the same starting line."

After some consideration, these dozen or so sect leaders all nodded.

Hearing this, Lu Youming also nodded privately. That was pretty smart.

In a situation where they weren't sure exactly how strong the other party was, it was indeed a good idea to join hands to first suppress, and then collectively fight the other party.

Whether they would succeed or not, however, remained to be seen.

Since there weren't any restrictions on the number of people in this contest, this meant that Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch, who was representing the Office of Strategic Deception, was indeed prepared for a one versus many fight...

"Ready! — Do it!"

Sect leader of Leaping Sect, Sakamoto Shisaburo, gave the command in the next moment.

Twelve Earth-level sect leaders each cast their own sealing spells in the arena. For a moment, all kinds of talisman runes twined together and surged into the sky in a dazzling and colorful array of light. These Earth-level sect leaders were all at the Soul Formation stage, and were extremely fast at forming hand seals.

Cast in coordination, the twelve sealing spells combined together, and in a split second, an immensely powerful pressure fell on the arena, shaking everyone and freezing their blood.

Twelve sealing spells...

The Sky-level sect leaders of the Alliance who were watching secretly sighed at the pressure of these twelve sealing spells.

As Void Refinement cultivators, they would naturally be able to throw off this pressure, but it still wouldn't be easy.

Boom!

There was a loud bang!

Twelve talisman seal runes twined together and charged toward Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch in a colorful display of light. In that moment, these spells, being of the same type, resonated with each other, unexpectedly generating an even greater power than anticipated. As the spells surged through the sky, they instantly coalesced into a gigantic rune dragon.

Below the arena, a shocked person said, "Grade 67 seal..."

A lot of people looked at the numbers on the bracelets they were wearing — it was indeed a Grade 67 seal.

The sports bracelets which cultivators wore nowadays had the added function of being able to predict fighting strength, and could quickly analyze the damage effect of an attack, grading all types of spells between 1 and 100.

A Grade 67 seal was already at the standard of a level six magic seal, with power close to level seven!

This was far beyond the strength of a magic seal which a Soul Formation cultivator could cast...

However, when the rune dragon rushed toward him in the arena, Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch didn't look flustered at all.

Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch: "Ha ha ha! As expected, everyone is truly very strong! These twelve sealing spells resonating with each other to pull out this group effect is really amazing!"

At that moment, his bright black eyes absorbed the colors of the approaching light.

Everyone was focused on his movements, and thought that he was going to perform some spell in response.

However, they only saw him cross his arms in front of his chest in an "X.""Rebound!"

Everyone: "???"





Chapter 815 The Ten Generals' Wild Imaginations


This gigantic seal dragon charged at Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch's crossed arms in an awesome and thunderous display of light. In the end, before it got close, this magic dragon actually swung around, and with a beautiful flick of its tail, directly lunged at the twelve sect leaders with fangs bared.

This split-second turn in events froze the hearts of the sect leaders in the arena.

"Rebound spell?"

What kind of ability was this...

They had never seen this type of spell before.

Indeed, there were in fact quite a few rebound spells out there, but most could only send back a portion of the damage; they had never seen one do a full rebound like this.

The moment they saw the seal rune dragon reverse direction and dash toward them, the twelve sect leaders despaired.

They already had no chance of winning this match...

Because of the resonance between the twelve sealing spells, the seal rune dragon was far more powerful than they had expected. Now that it had rebounded with full force, none of them could stop it.

They could only do whatever they could to put up a resistance and see if they could withstand it.

Teaming up had initially been the most reliable method, but they had miscalculated, and the other side had unexpectedly sent back a rebound; instead, it now felt like they had shot themselves in the foot.

The moment the rune dragon rebounded, the twelve sect leaders stood in a row and cast all sorts of cancellation spells.

"Release!"

"Remove seal!"

"Sunflower Acupuncture Removal Technique 1 !"

1(From the Chinese TV series 'My Own Swordsman..') ...

Buzz!

After one last struggle, the rune dragon finally came crashing down, and the dozen or so sect leaders were all locked in place, unable to move.

The outcome of this match was already decided...

All the twelve people were immobilized. Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch didn't even need to use magic, and could win just by sweeping them all out of the arena!

"They've lost."

"What a pity, these sect leaders were just one step away from the grand prize!"

A lot of the reporters below the stage were taking photos, the flashes going off non-stop.

"Don't take! Don't take my photo!"

In the arena, Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch had already removed the seals on the sect leaders, and one by one they left the stage while covering their faces.

To lose in a twelve to one fight was truly humiliating.

In the immortal warship floating in the air, the Ten Generals were also watching the sideshow below at the same time.

As True Immortal experts and from their godly perspective above, they could sense how powerful this seal rune dragon was.

The rune dragon was extremely fast, and had a powerful restraining ability. Furthermore, it had the effect of sealing the spirit.

In a regular situation, the moment the rune dragon rushed at him, Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch shouldn't have been able to withstand it or cast any spells at all.

"What do you think, everyone?"

General Yi floated cross-legged in the air. He was dressed in a white training outfit which fluttered despite the lack of wind. There was a reserved look in his eyes and a penetrating air about him. General Yi had analyzed the seal rune dragon the moment it dashed forward. An ordinary technique would be of no use at all in the face of this move; he would only be able to break it down by using "Boundless Sword Dao" to tear it open.

But herein lay the problem.

Unraveling the rune dragon would still take time, even for a True Immortal.

But this Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch was actually able to send it bouncing back at full force, which was truly astonishing.

"Although we can't be certain, one thing for sure is that this Dao Monarch does indeed have the power of Heavenly Dao." Marshal Jiang frowned. "As expected, the core members of the Office of Strategic Deception aren't simple people... Lord Thunder had actually kept this bomb hidden until now."

In fact, before coming to the Office of Strategic Deception, they had all been paying attention to Ling Zhenren. In the end, no one had expected this Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch to suddenly appear at this moment.

And Ling Zhenren, whom they had once wanted to investigate the most, was standing right beside them at that moment. Furthermore... this Ling Zhenren didn't seem as powerful as he was rumored to be.

Was their intelligence wrong?

Chin in hand, General Yi gazed at Ling Zhenren, who was sitting upright on a sofa. He was wearing a layer of very thick magical armor, and there was no way to clearly see his face inside it.

The Ten Generals weren't in any hurry to use the True Immortal Eye to test him, as that would be very impolite. In any case, when they left the immortal warship later, this legendary Ling Zhenren would take off his armor, so there was no rush

It was just that their previous speculation that Ling Zhenren was Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch... now didn't seem to be true.

In that moment, the Ten Generals communicated telepathically with each other.

"The head of state regards this Office of Strategic Deception highly. On one hand, it's because of Wang Situ. On the other hand, he's in fact extending an olive branch to the senior behind the Office of Strategic Deception. The reason we're here is thus in response to the Office of Strategic Deception's invitation, as well as to move this senior with our sincerity... This senior will be a very important factor in determining whether our Huaxiu nation will successfully survive the Heavenly Dao National Calamity this time," Medicine Saint Luo Huaiqiu said.

"I still feel that all this seems like a cover-up..." Marshal Jiang narrowed his eyes at that moment.

"Why does Battle Saint say that?"

"We've been investigating and tracking down the senior behind the Office of Strategic Deception all this time, as well as the patron behind Lord Thunder... But whether it's Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch or Ling Zhenren, I have the strong feeling that all this is actually a cover-up." Marshal Jiang suddenly said, "Don't you feel that this Lord Thunder is very suspicious?"

"Battle Saint means..."

"My meaning is very clear." Marshal Jiang nodded. "He, is the senior behind everything."

"... But he's only at the Soul Formation stage."

"That's also a cover!"

Marshal Jiang persisted with his view. "Ling Zhenren and Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch are probably just a test. It definitely won't work if we act too rashly..."

"Listening to Battle Saint's analysis, I think it really is possible." Explosion Saint also said, "Think about it, how is this Lord Thunder able to survive despite courting death so often? How can a Soul Formation cultivator make so many enemies and yet emerge unscathed? Furthermore, there's Zhuo Yi."

"Zhuo Yi?"

"Think carefully: Zhuo Yi's career has been flourishing in recent months. He's a Golden Core cultivator, but was able to arrest all kinds of major figures one after another — clearly, there's a driving force behind this. And this time, Zhuo Yi unexpectedly received Lord Thunder's invitation to set up a supervisory and investigation team in the Office of Strategic Deception. Doesn't this seem strange?"

"Mm... Explosion Saint's analysis is also very reasonable!" The Ten Generals nodded.

"If that's the case, then everything makes sense!" General Yi sighed. "It looks like this Lord Thunder is very likely the senior behind the scenes!"

"That's right! That's definitely the case!"

...

"..."

Wang Ling could easily read the Ten Generals' thoughts on the immortal warship through this "Ling Zhenren" clone.

Wang Ling had utterly never expected the Ten Generals to actually come up with a scenario as bizarre as this...





Chapter 816 The Sect Leader Of Sand Sculpture Sect


No one ever made up outlandish stories on their own.

When the imaginations of a group of people ran wild together, the holes in their brains would often get bigger and bigger until it eventually turned into a void...

The Ten Generals had proven this with a practical demonstration.

A few minutes later, the Ten Generals, who were still on standby in the immortal warship and represented by General Yi, had the following conversation with Lord Thunder, who was in the machine room.

"Your Excellency Lord Thunder, may I ask, when will we be going on stage?" General Yi asked meekly.

For a moment, Lord Thunder was slow to react, as he felt that this sentence somehow seemed a little odd, but he still replied, "General Yi and the other generals, please wait a little longer. You'll go on stage after the end of the exhibition match. We're still warming up, and we must make sure the atmosphere is right before you show up!"

"Your Excellency Senior Immortal, you're too polite. We're just following orders..." General Yi laughed. "Actually, more than half of us Ten Generals are already retired. Currently, the major matters in Huaxiu Alliance are mostly handled by Explosion Saint General Bai and Wisdom Saint President Qi. The rest of us just do what we can in our old age."

"Ha ha ha, General Yi, you're too modest!" Lord Thunder said.

General Yi: "Your Excellency Senior Immortal, don't call me General Yi... Just call me Old Yi! We're already familiar with each other, don't stand on ceremony!"

"Old Yi... is that appropriate?"

Lord Thunder was blank. He felt that there was something a little strange about General Yi. "Isn't this a little impolite?"

"Nothing wrong with it. Or you can directly call me Little Yiyi or Little Little Yi from now on!"

Lord Thunder sucked in a cold breath of air. "... Then, I'll call you Brother Yi... okay?"

"Brother Yi? Mm, that's good, too!"

General Yi had thought it over. Since he was trying to cotton up to Lord Thunder, the form of address should naturally change first. The latter calling him general was too much like an outsider! Now that they called each other brother, it did sound like they were a lot closer!

"From now on, Your Excellency Senior Immortal, don't treat us as outsiders. You call us Ten Generals brothers, it's fine. As for Medicine Saint Luo Qiuhuai, you can call her Sis Luo."

"Sis... Luo?"

Wait a minute!

When Lord Thunder heard this, he finally realized what wasn't right.

Just now, it seemed that General Yi had called him Your Excellency Senior Immortal...

Wrong!

What was going on?!

Why were the Ten Generals suddenly addressing him so respectfully?!

Lord Thunder clutched his head, feeling like his brain had been hit with a "duang" and was hurting badly.

"General Yi... oh, no, Brother Yi, is there something you want to say to me?" Lord Thunder asked.

General Yi laughed. "No, no, I just think that we'll be closer this way. After all, our Huaxiu Alliance and the Office of Strategic Deception have a very special relationship now, like parents whose daughter is about to get married."

"Brother Yi, this analogy..." Lord Thunder found himself actually loss for words.

"My analogy is very fitting! I haven't finished! What I mean is that our Huaxiu Alliance is the couple, and the Office of Strategic Deception is the daughter about to be married, and we, the Ten Generals, are her dowry maids!"

Lord Thunder: "..."

Xiao Yin: "..."

Er Ha: "..."

At the same time, the arena challenge on stage had turned red hot.

After the twelve Earth-level sect leaders' defeat, three Sky-level sect leaders had already come up to fight one by one.

It could only be said that they were in the end Sky-level sect leaders who each had their own pride and were unwilling to associate with others...

But the truth was that after the sweeping defeat of the twelve Earth-level sect leaders, whom many of the reporters below the stage continued to take photos of and write about, a lot of the Sky-level sect leaders, who had initially intended to form groups to take up the challenge, abandoned the idea of teaming up.

If they went up and then wound up leaving the stage in the same way as the twelve Earth-level sect leaders, it would definitely be humiliating once the news got out!

So, it was better for them to fight one-on-one. Even if they lost, they could say that they weren't themselves today.

But even as the three Sky-level sect leaders stepped into the arena for the challenge, none of them gave satisfying performances.

This Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch was really too strong...

In five short minutes, the three challengers were sent off the stage.

The audience present only heard three wretched cries.

"Ah ya!"

"Ow!"

"Hurts, hurts, hurts!"

All the reporters: "..."

The last cry of pain was from the sect leader of Sand Sculpture Sect, which was a Sky-level sixth-class sect.

Sand Sculpture Sect had been doing well the last two years, relying on its secret sand and stone construction technique to make a name for itself. Not only could this technique be used to construct buildings, it could be used in battle. A lot of civil engineering university graduates joined Sand Sculpture Sect, and many who came out of the sect became outstanding architects.

As the sect leader who was in control, Sect Leader Ni (full name: Ni Ailuo) of Sand Sculpture Sect naturally had strength that one couldn't look down on.

On stage, Sect Leader Ni had straightaway unleashed his killer move — Sand Sculpture Funeral 1 !!

1(Adapted from Sand Waterfall Funeral, Gaara's killer move in "Naruto .. ") The rubble inside the arena instantly crumbled into fine powder, which ultimately coalesced into two dragons that appeared abruptly out of the ground to twine around Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch's ankles, trapping him firmly in place.

What a terrifying move!

The thick, earth-colored dragons made of sand climbed up around his ankles, as if fusing the lower half of Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch's body with the arena, so that he was unable to move at all. And the scariest thing was what followed after this spell was successfully cast!

Almost everyone could sense a tremendous amount of spirit power molecules coalescing continuously within the sand. The earth dragons created by the "Sand Sculpture Funeral" actually absorbed spirit qi from deep in the earth's veins and broke it down into fine spirit power molecules.

"Sect Master Ni doesn't have to expend much spirit energy at all with this move. This spirit power is extracted entirely from the earth's veins. Once it reaches a certain amount, Sect Master Ni just needs to give a slight nudge, and Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch's legs might as well be crippled..." Lu Youming analyzed below the stage.

But he didn't say anything too definitive.

Because he didn't see any sign of panic on Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch's face.

The next moment, Sect Master Ni clasped his hands behind his back and stared at Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch. "Dao Monarch, you now have two choices: 1. If you surrender of your own accord, I'll send you out of the arena with dignity. 2. Your legs will be broken. But don't worry, I'll control my strength, and make sure to snap them rather than blow them apart, so you can reattach them later."

"Sect Master Ni seems very confident."

Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch chuckled, and in the next moment, his expression suddenly turned serious.

Fixing his gaze on the earth dragons wrapped around his lower body, he boomed, "You, don't touch me."

Several microseconds later, the earth dragons directly retreated back into the ground...





Chapter 817 One-Person Palm Sect


The sect leader of Sand Sculpture Sect was instantly struck dumb by this move.

This was...

Lu Youming widened his eyes, a petrified look on his face. Although he wasn't certain whether that move just now was exactly the one that he was thinking of, he believed that he hadn't seen wrong.

Sect Leader Sun, who had just escaped the reporters' clutches, also wore a look of deep astonishment. "This is..."

Sect Leader Lu's eyes darkened and telepathically said two words, "Word Magic..."

Word Magic??

Sect Leader Sun felt like his head was buzzing, as if it had been struck by a thunderbolt, and he was rooted to the spot in a daze.

Wasn't this the legendary Dao Magic of God that you would naturally comprehend once you reached the highest realm?

Sect Leader Sun sucked in a cold breath of air. Was this Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch... a Venerated Immortal??

Well...

Although they were noble sect leaders of Sky-level sects, there was, in the end, a limit to both Sect Leader Lu's and Sect Leader Sun's worldviews; they had never encountered the Domain of the Gods, so naturally they regarded the Venerated Immortal level as the highest realm.

But Sect Leader Sun couldn't be blamed, since most cultivators were also unaware of this fact; this was the so-called being unable to see the wood for the trees.

"Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch is too strong..." Someone sighed.

With this sort of ability, he was actually only a team leader in the sect - then what was the Office of Strategic Deception's overall fighting strength like? It was truly hard to picture...

"I surrender..." Sect Leader Ni of Sand Sculpture Sect naturally wasn't a fool. That could be considered his killer move just now, but the other side had neutralized it so easily.

His strength wasn't on the same level as Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch's at all.

So he might as well simply surrender and step down himself, which conversely would make him look even more dignified.

From the machine room, Lord Thunder spoke to Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch using remote telepathy. "Dao Monarch, you can rein in your strength now, it's almost time! No matter who goes on next, you can throw the match."

"Mm, alright." Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch nodded.

The immortal warship had already been hovering overhead for quite some time... when all was said and done, it was the Ten Generals who were on it.

They represented Huaxiu nation's largest official administrative organization of cultivators, and dragging things out for too long indeed wouldn't be good.

"Sect leaders, are there any other challengers?" It was clear that Wang Han had also received a message from the machine room, and had decided to speed up the proceedings of the exhibition match.

However, none of the Sky-level sect leaders below the stage dared to step up. Instantly, the scene fell into a slightly awkward silence.

"Did I use too much strength..." Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch pursed his lips, his good-looking phoenix eyes scanning the crowd.

After a few minutes, someone in the crowd finally raised his hand. "May... I challenge you, please?"

All eyes turned toward this voice. It was a young man who didn't look very old, but he was wearing a very tattered and unfashionable Daoist robe whose only purpose was to keep him warm.

The truth was that this was already the most presentable outfit the young man owned...

"Of course." Wang Han nodded. "May I ask which sect this brother is from?"

All the sect leaders gathered on the northern square had guest numbers, and this young man was no exception. There was a badge on his chest, and a pendant, which was a gift from the Office of Strategic Deception, hung around his neck.

The young man smiled in embarrassment. "I am Su Xing, sect leader of Palm Sect."

"Sect leader of Palm Sect? Are you sect head? Or sect leader 1 ?"

1("Palm Sect" 掌门 in Chinese can also mean "sect head .. ") "No... my sect is called Palm Sect," replied Su Xing.

"..."

For a moment, everyone was blank.

Palm Sect...

What kind of sect was this? Why had they never heard of it before?

Many of the sect bigwigs present privately shook their heads.

But in the arena, Wang Han had already identified this sect leader by his guest number.

It was confirmed... that he was a sect leader of a Dust-level sect.

"Has President Lu ever heard of this sect?" Sect Leader Sun of the Alliance asked.

"I seem to have... I heard it was one of the most pitiful sects last year..."

Lu Youming nodded slightly. "When the sect was first established, it was a Black-level sect. But poor sect management later led to a drop in disciples year after year. It dropped from Black level to Yellow level. The sect changed location several times as it had to sell the land to pay off its debts, and it then bought a new place to settle down in. I thought this sect would close down; I never thought that it would actually still be around, or that it would actually become a Dust-level sect..."

Dust-level sects were the lowest ranked, and their disciples mostly did manual labor.

For example, a lot of sect construction, building relocation, weeding, and other similar type of work in top-level sects were outsourced to Dust-level sects as a cheap labor force.

Moreover, the criteria for the establishment of a Dust-level sect were also the lowest: as long as the sect leader had reached the Foundation Establishment stage and could recruit ten people, he could establish a sect.

In addition, he only needed to pay the Huaxiu Alliance membership fee every ten years.

But given Su Xing's dire straits, he already couldn't even meet the first criterion for the number of sect members required, let alone see if he could pay the Huaxiu Alliance membership fee, given the sect's current management situation...

And Su Xing's next sentence completely confirmed Lu Youming's conjecture.

Su Xing: "Ha ha, I'm the only one left in our Palm Sect now... If I don't solve the problem of sect numbers before I pay the fee, Palm Sect will disappear."

Everyone: "..."

"May I ask, what does your sect do?"

"We're the Palm Sect, so of course, we clap," said Su Xing. "Applauding is also hard work - you can't have people not clapping when leaders make speeches on major occasions, so our Palm Sect specializes in this."

After Su Xing said this, realization dawned on everyone. "... So you're a water army paid to clap."

"Think of it however you like."

Unconcerned, Su Xing shook his head and scratched his itchy crew cut - it had already been a while since he last bathed.

"How come you're the only one left in Palm Sect..." Someone was curious.

"A celebrity previously requested that we go applaud for him, and wanted the five of us to create the effect of a magnificent army. The other four clapped so hard that they died. After that, I was the only one left..."

Everyone: "..."

At that moment, Su Xing gazed at the arena. "So, can I go up? I'm counting on selling this first-class holy artifact to pay off my debts and make a comeback."

"Of course..."

Wang Han cleared his throat. "Sir, you can make the first move..."

"Oh!"

No sooner had Wang Han said the words when Su Xing's figure instantly disappeared! He was so fast that no one present saw him clearly.

No one had expected a Dust-level sect leader to actually be this strong!

When Su Xing reappeared, he was already in front of Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch.

With a sound like the clap of thunder, his palm whistled through the air, headed straight for Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch's face...

The power of Heavenly Dao?

Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch wore an unruffled expression, but the moment the palm came at him, he had already turned serious inside.





Chapter 818 The Ten Generals Make Their Entrance


Although this Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch clone had its own consciousness, its memories were synchronized with Wang Ling's.

Thus, when the clone's palm hit Su Xing's, sect leader of the Dust-level Palm Sect, this memory was also transmitted to Wang Ling.

It was an evenly-matched collision of palms. The moment they met, a powerful wind was kicked up, as if from a huge mountain collapsing, and the pressure surged out in all directions from the arena like an ocean tide. Many people couldn't help toppling backward under this formidable wave.

No one thought that a mere sect leader of a Dust-level sect would be strong enough to fight Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch head-on... and furthermore force him to respond to his strike...

No one thought that the first-class holy artifact grand prize would ultimately be won by this Dust-level sect leader.

Lord Thunder had said earlier to throw the match, but the truth was that Su Xing had won fair and square. Even though his palm strike hadn't hurt the Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch clone in the slightest, the latter still hadn't had any choice but to respond to it.

A palm strike which contained the power of Heavenly Dao was absolutely lethal and explosive. Wang Ling was sure that if his clone hadn't met it head-on just now, and this attack had landed elsewhere, the entire arena would have instantly crumbled under this terrible destructive force, which would then have spread across the northern square... The worst-case scenario would be Heavenly Dao radiation, which was a force that even a cultivator's body had no resistance to.

With current cultivation science and technology in Huaxiu, the cure for and prevention of cancer had already been found. However, the cancer caused by Heavenly Dao radiation belonged to a very special class, and was known as spirit cancer.

That was, even the spirit energy the cultivator used contained cancer cells...

Currently, this was the only major scientific problem that remained unsolved.

Of course, spirit cancer wasn't discovered by the people of Heavenly Dao, but by some cultivators who had failed a tribulation.

Cultivators who failed to pass through a tribulation were highly likely to be punished by Heavenly Dao, and the survival rate after this punishment was twenty percent. Of those who were lucky to survive, there were many cases of them developing spirit cancer after the punishment.

According to official statistics, the probability of developing spirit cancer after surviving Heavenly Dao punishment was 0.5%.

0.5% didn't look like a lot, but this was a global statistic...

Thus, Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch had no choice but to meet this palm strike head-on to neutralize the power of Heavenly Dao in it and prevent the spread of Heavenly Dao radiation.

But after that, Wang Ling was sure of one thing — this Sect Leader Su Xing of Palm Sect probably didn't know he could use the power of Heavenly Dao.

A person who truly mastered Heavenly Dao could control the force of its radiation. Wang Ling was one example, and so was that Wang Zhen who had come looking for trouble recently.

Wang Ling couldn't control his output of primordial qi, but he had full control over Heavenly Dao. He had always been very confident in his grasp of Heavenly Dao — this thing was a lot simpler than midterm and final exams!

"You win," Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch said lightly, as he straightened his clothes and brushed off a few specks of dirt.

At the same time, Lord Thunder also received a text message from Wang Ling inside the machine room.

Xiao Yin stared at the screen. "This person somehow feels like Master, though much, much weaker! He's a little strange!"

Lord Thunder nodded. "Yes, he's a little strange. Brother Ling has already texted me, and he thinks that this Brother Su has unconsciously comprehended Heavenly Dao."

"Woof? Unconsciously comprehended it?" There were question marks all over Er Ha's face.

"That's right. This is Brother Ling's preliminary guess, but it isn't confirmed yet." Lord Thunder said, "If we can learn the main reason for the involuntary comprehension of Heavenly Dao, this will be a major breakthrough!"

"Makes sense!" Xiao Yin and Er Ha both nodded.

"Lao Gudong Han, please tell this Brother Su Xing to come and accept his prize at the sect's main hall after the celebration is over," Lord Thunder turned on the transmitter and said to Lao Gudong Han.

In this way, arrangements were quietly made for Su Xing...

As the saying went, you couldn't judge a book by its cover — even if he was the sect leader of a Dust-level sect, you couldn't look down on him.

The majority of the people present were fine with the outcome of this match; even the few Sky-level sect leaders who had gone up earlier might not necessarily have been able to produce the same power and lethal force of that palm strike.

That was because a lot of people could tell that while Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch had seemed to respond to this palm strike with his own, he was in fact neutralizing it with a natural sort of power. The moment it collided with Su Xing's explosive palm strike, the latter was like a knife piercing a sponge, as a lot of its power was absorbed.

Otherwise, the sight in the northern square wouldn't be as simple as just people toppling backward.

If Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch hadn't acted to neutralize the palm strike, Lu Youming thought that even he would have been sent flying...

"According to the rules, the prize for this stage performance has been won by Mr Su Xing, sect leader of Dust-level Palm Sect. Mr Su Xing, you may leave the stage and get some rest. Please go to the sect's main hall later to accept your prize." After Lao Gudong spoke, he was the first to clap, and for a moment after that, the northern square was filled with thunderous applause.

Numerous cameras flashed in Su Xing's face, and he felt excited for the first time in a long while.

He would absolutely be able to pay off the sect's debts in one swoop with this first-class holy artifact, and there might even be some money left after.

And after the reporters released this news, Palm Sect's reputation would definitely increase.

Those who were here today in the northern square were prestigious media reporters in the cultivation circle!

How much Palm Sect would gain as a result of these news reports was truly hard to measure.

"Palm Sect is going to become popular. Go look for this Sect Leader Su and get along with him." Lu Youming could also see the situation clearly.

"Us, get along with him?" Sect Leader Sun Hanzhe said.

"Palm Sect is a Dust-level sect, but after this momentum, it won't be difficult at all for it to advance to Earth or even Sky level in a short period of time. Besides, this sect leader isn't someone without power... You too should have felt how destructive that palm strike was," Lu Youming said.

"Alright! I'll listen to you!" Sect Leader Sun said.

Public opinion, reviews, popularity, and the final impetus, direct benefits...

Now was a great time to rope Palm Sect in.

The highlight of the celebration that everyone had been waiting for finally arrived.

There was finally new movement on the immortal warship, which had been hovering in the sky for a long time.

A golden pillar of light shone straight down from the belly of the immortal warship.

A lot of people broke out in discussion below as they tried to guess who on earth the person in the immortal warship was.

"Could it be... the sect leader of Immortal Palm Tree Sect?" someone speculated.

As the only Sky-level first-class sect, Immortal Palm Tree Sect wasn't taking part in this celebration. Some people surmised that its sect leader might have been invited as a mystery guest.

What kind of spectacle was the Office of Strategic Deception going to show them this time? While Immortal Palm Tree Sect was usually aloof, it wouldn't go so far as to not give the former face...

During this hubbub of discussion below the stage, a figure descended in the golden light from the immortal warship to appear in front of them.

It was an old man in a training outfit, with spiky gray hair and a grizzled beard.

Some of the sect leaders in the northern square had already started to rub their eyes.

Blade...

Blademaster??

They didn't dare believe their eyes!





Chapter 819 Don't Be Full Of Yourself!


Blademaster Yi Jianchuan... one of the founding fathers and also known as the Overlord, General Yi! He was one of the few people in the nation to be granted the highest title of "King General"! Together with the other nine King Generals, they were collectively known as the Ten Generals!

And of all the Ten Generals, the title "Blademaster" was the one that resounded the most because of a film about the Ten Generals from a hundred years ago titled "Martial Overlord, Dictator of Heaven's Blue Dome," which was shot from the perspective of General Yi as the main protagonist.

The film brought to the fore General Yi's various consummate techniques which made him famous as Blademaster, including the Palm Sword he used when he fought the Old Devil.

Even now, that was something that was still hard to forget...

But while he was the most well-known of the Ten Generals among the people, General Yi was usually very low-key. Logically speaking, there was no way he would attend the celebration of a sect's founding.

However, when this old man dressed in a white training outfit appeared in front of the people, the mouths of all the sect leaders below the stage dropped in surprise, and they were speechless.

"General Yi... How..." Lu Youming, together with Sect Leader Sun and the other Alliance members, was dumbfounded.

The whole time when they had been guessing earlier who the person on the immortal warship was, they never expected one of the Ten Generals to actually show up... and it was the most famous one, Blademaster!

Lu Youming's legs were a little soft, and he was so frightened he almost fainted on the spot.

Professor Yang Bingchuan happened to be standing next to Lu Youming. "Sect Leader Lu, you don't look too good?"

"I... have hypoglycemia..." Lu Youming didn't know what to say.

Meanwhile, he gave Sect Leader Sun next to him a frantic look - the only thing he wanted to know now, was whether there was time to go and retrieve the array crystals which they had placed on the mountain...

This was one of Huaxiu's Ten Generals!

Even at the cost of his life, he couldn't afford to provoke this person!

"Sect Leader Lu, it's actually still not too late to redeem yourself." Yang Bingchuan patted Lu Youming's shoulder.

He knew that this Sect Leader Lu was a conservative and not inherently bad person; it was very typical of sects to compete with each other.

"Sect Leader Lu, you've occupied a very high position all these years, but you should always take care to reflect on yourself; don't let your desires consume you just because of the small bit of power you hold. This goes against the original heart of things!" Professor Yang didn't directly say these words out loud, but spoke telepathically when he put his hand on Sect Leader Lu's shoulder.

Professor Yang: "When people become too full of themselves, they sometimes don't even know who they are anymore... has Sect Leader Lu ever watched a League of Legends game?"

Sect Leader Lu said telepathically, "Sometimes..."

Professor Yang: "Back then, that little fatty who was considered the top shooter had his future cut short on the world stage... He thought he could do wonders with his own strength even as he led an entire team. But he didn't understand that League of Legends has never been a one-man game... What did he rely on to get to the top? Was it his own strength and skill? Maybe that was one of the reasons, but clearly that wasn't all of it."

Lu Youming was feeling very remorseful at that moment.

If they ultimately failed in this matter and it was exposed, leading to him being investigated for it, this wasn't something that could be explained with one or two vague sentences!

Alas!

He should have known!

A newly-founded sect with such tremendous momentum, that not only occupied an area of unprecedented size, but also had a bunch of big shot experts in various fields... Who else could be the backer behind it? In the whole of Huaxiu nation, wasn't it only Huaxiu Alliance?

"Professor Yang... Please advise me!" Lu Youming knew that Yang Bingchuan was perhaps his last hope.

Professor Yang smiled a little. "Sect Leader Lu, you've been acting absent-minded all this time; it's probably because you dropped something, isn't it?" Saying this, Professor Yang handed him a silk pouch.

When Lu Youming took the pouch and looked inside, he was immediately so frightened that his hair stood on end... Inside the silk pouch were none other than the transmission crystals which that Long clan descendant senior had given them!

"Professor Yang, when did you..."

"We knew even before you stepped foot into our Office of Strategic Deception."

Lu Youming was stunned yet again.

The Office of Strategic Deception's intelligence network was too strong...

"This silk pouch is what you lost. I already had people earlier on take them down one by one and bring them back." Professor Yang chuckled. "But I can't give them to you for nothing."

"I will never forget that Professor Yang saved my life, for as long as I live. If you have any requests, please name them!" Lu Youming saluted him with clasped fists.

"If you want to thank someone, it should be His Excellency Senior Immortal. All this was on the chief's instructions." Professor Yang waved his hand. "But we do have a request, not of Sect Leader Lu, but of the Alliance."

"If you wish to take in the Alliance, I will do my best to persuade..."

"Sect Leader Lu, you misunderstand. Our Office of Strategic Deception isn't that shameless to use leverage to force someone to yield. We're not taking in the Alliance, let alone forcing it to disband."

Professor Yang shook his head and said, "I just need Sect Leader Lu to promise me one thing."

"Professor Yang, go ahead..."

"In the future, the Alliance will no longer maliciously prevent other sects from advancing; it must give sects below fifth class a chance. Even if they do not wish to join the Alliance, you cannot deliberately suppress or control the rankings of other sects." Professor Yang said, "Peaceful development is the motive of the Office of Strategic Deception. I hope that the Alliance, as a large fund organization of Sky-level sects at fifth class and above, will also shoulder this responsibility. It's only when we thrive together that we can achieve great things, isn't it?"

Hearing this, Lu Youming sighed with feeling.

In the end, this was the bearing of a great sect...

"I will remember..."

"Of course, our Office of Strategic Deception also knows that the Alliance has always been in this business of profiting from protection fees. If you can't do this in the future, some of your sect heads will definitely be unhappy."

"Yes..."

"Thus, after the end of the ceremony this time, Sect Leader Lu can hold another meeting. You can clearly convey to all the sect leaders that the Alliance will continue to exist, but its nature as an organization has changed to one which assists the lower sects. As long as the sect leaders of the Alliance agree to this condition, our Office of Strategic Deception will sign an agreement as a guarantee that all your sects will advance one level up in five years. Furthermore, we will invest in each sect's industry based on their respective lawful business situation each year. The main thing the sect heads have to do is very simple: support our Office of Strategic Deception in future reviews. That shouldn't be hard, should it?" Professor Yang said.

"No, not at all..."

Sect Leader Lu hurriedly waved his hands.

He knew this was a great opportunity!

He was deeply remorseful over his hostile behavior toward the Office of Strategic Deception in the beginning. If he had known it was this approachable, he wouldn't have done that damn thing!

With Professor Yang's assurance, Sect Leader Lu's complexion looked much better.

He marveled, "The Office of Strategic Deception... is really amazing! In comparison, our Alliance is simply a little brother. You were even able to invite Blademaster to attend..."

Professor Yang laughed. "Sect Leader Lu, don't think so little of yourself. After all, not all the special guests have made an appearance yet."

"There's more??" Sect Leader Lu was shocked.

"There are still nine other people as amazing as General Yi on the immortal warship right now."

"..."





Chapter 820 A True Master


Blademaster Yi Jianchuan was a general who had made his name before the nation's founding, when he and Minister Shi, the current Minister of the Ministry of National Defense, had together cut down seven demon gods during the Battle of Shimen.

Just looking at him now as he hovered at some distance in the air, he still exuded a faint, imposing air.

That was one of the Ten Generals!

He wasn't emitting any spiritual pressure, but everyone subconsciously couldn't help but feel reverence well up.

In that moment, the hearts of basically everyone present were beating fast. While there might currently be some unsatisfactory aspects of Huaxiu, the nation was constantly developing and advancing every day. The current era of peace and prosperity was built on the sacrifices of the previous cultivation martyrs!

Immortal doctors who saved the dying, sailors who sailed against the tide, police who defended the city, the sentries on the border... The instant General Yi appeared, one after another, all these people flashed before the audience's eyes.

"General Yi usually keeps a low profile. Why this time..." Lu Youming asked telepathically.

"As Sect Leader Lu may have considered, attending this event is completely giving the chief face. Being low-key is something that is reflected in all aspects, and comes from the heart. In the end, General Yi is General Yi - even if we were to temper ourselves for a hundred years, we would have no hope of matching the General's bearing."

Professor Yang smiled slightly and replied, "Does Sect Leader Lu still remember General Yi's famous saying?"

Lu Youming frowned and thought for a moment. "Your sword, is my sword?"

"General Yi did indeed say that," Professor Yang said. "That saying is from General Yi's book The Chronicles of Boundless Sword Dao , which describes his difficult experiences in learning Boundless Sword Dao as he urges younger generations of cultivators to bear the hardships of the path of cultivation and to be more patient. However, this is not the saying I'm referring to."

"Then..."

"General Yi also said something else." Professor Yang said, "'A true master always has the heart of an apprentice.'"

Lu Youming's eyes widened as realization instantly dawned on him.

...

The Office of Strategic Deception's founding ceremony would be a day that all the sect leaders and reporters who were present would probably never forget.

Beyond anyone's expectations, the other Ten Generals of Huaxiu nation followed General Yi and appeared one after another!

The ten of them, were all here!

Some of the Sky-level sect leaders were so shocked that they almost fell flat on their asses - this was too ridiculous and unbelievable!

"The Ten Generals... are all here?? Big news!!"

The reporters were very excited.

The cameras didn't stop flashing for a very long time in the northern square.

And not long after the Ten Generals' appearance, the lift in the center of the stage rose once more.

"Now let us welcome Lord Thunder, Chief of the General Office of Strategic Deception, with a warm round of applause!"

Accompanied by Lao Gudong's deep and magnetic voice, a man with long black hair and dressed in white traditional attire with a long sword on his back officially stepped onto the stage.

Next to him, at the same time, was Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch, who had demonstrated his extraordinary strength in the arena earlier, and a mysterious man dressed all in armor.

"Who is this armored warrior?" Some of the sect leaders were very puzzled.

But very quickly, someone speculated, "This man, could he be the legendary Ling Zhenren..."

"Ling Zhenren?"

"Think about it, who is it that Great Death-Courting Senior is said to be the closest to and has the best relationship with all these years? Isn't it this Ling Zhenren?!"

Everyone nodded.

That did seem to make sense...

"At this very moment, at such a grand celebration of the sect's founding, all the department leaders of the Office of Strategic Deception are standing in the front row; none of them are qualified to step forward and stand on stage with Senior Immortal. This is even more proof that this Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch and Ling Zhenren have an unusual relationship with Lord Thunder."

Under the stage, a bigwig was analyzing the situation intensely. "The story all these years is that Ling Zhenren helped Lord Thunder handle a lot of problems. In my view, this may be a misunderstanding... Perhaps Ling Zhenren is only his advisor, and the person who truly takes action is Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch!"

"I see..."

For a moment, there was a racket of voices In the northern square as the crowd of sect leaders discussed and whispered among themselves.

At that moment, the Ten Generals had already touched down, and they all stepped forward on stage to congratulate Lord Thunder.

"Brother Thunder! Congratulations!"

"Brother Thunder! Congrats, congrats!"

"Brother Thunder! Congratulations on your opening! May it be an auspicious founding!"

The Ten Generals had barely spoken when the northern square instantly turned quiet...

"What are you saying, Brother Yi? Sis Luo is also being too polite... Everyone, please stand behind me first!"

"..."

Brother... Brother Yi?

And, Sis Luo?

Some of the sect heads almost spat blood.

How close was this relationship?!!

No wonder all the Ten Generals showed up!

If they had known, they would have formed a good relationship with the cultivation forum early on! This was enough to make anyone faint!

Seeing that all the leaders had arrived, Wang Han opened his mouth. "Next, we invite the chief to say a few words!"

Clap clap clap...

The thunderous applause in the northern square lasted for a long time.

"Thank you... Distinguished guests, sect leaders, representatives, and members of the media, thank you very much for participating in our sect's founding ceremony. Today, this northern square of ours is truly alive with the clamor of drums and gongs and the crackle of firecrackers, with the red flags fluttering in the wind, and a sea of people!"

Lord Thunder spoke with passion and excitement. "Our General Office of Strategic Deception holds fast to the philosophy that all roads lead to the same destination, and was founded to help cultivators realize their dreams as well as to uphold peace and mediate conflict between sects."

At the same time, his speech was being broadcasted live by some live streamers online. In Daoist Guang's live stream room alone, for example, more than fifty million people had already gathered...

After becoming a web celebrity, Daoist Guang's number of fans had been growing at an uncontrollable rate.

Oh, right, Daoist Guang was now also the team leader of the Office of Strategic Deception's live streaming team!

Elsewhere, Wang Zhen, whom Immortal Toya had set up for the time being at Wei Zhi's place, was eating instant noodles with Wei Zhi while they watched the live broadcast online.

After Lord Thunder spoke, someone quizzed him, "On such a grand day, would it be possible for Senior Immortal to have this brother in armor next to you remove his helmet for the audience?"

"Of course."

Lord Thunder swiftly replied, "Let me introduce you properly. This brother in armor isn't just anyone. He is my dear brother, Ling Zhenren! Brother Ling! Please take off your helmet!"

At that point, Wang Ling manipulated this clone of his into slowly taking off the helmet...

Everyone, including the Ten Generals, turned their gazes to this mysterious Ling Zhenren, hungry for a look at his face.

At the same time, Wang Zhen, who was watching TV with Wei Zhi, directly spat out a big mouthful of lao tan pickled cabbage beef noodles...

WTF!! This guy, actually copied his face!!!

There was no end to the shocks for Wang Zhen.

At that moment, Lord Thunder waved his hand and drew out a large loudspeaker. Lifting it with both hands, he shouted loudly, "I declare! That today! The General Office! Of Strategic Deception! Is officially! Open!"





Chapter 821 Dark Network's Number 1 four years ago


The founding celebration reached a red-hot peak. At Lord Thunder's loud declaration in the northern square, a 118-gun salute was fired into the air along the outer wall of the square.

118 was a Heavenly Dao lucky number. Lord Thunder had specially asked Cheat Diviner Reed to do a divination before the founding ceremony.

Cheat Diviner Reed had never been wrong. Last time, he had worked out that Lord Thunder was going to die, and the latter indeed was in the end killed by Evil Sword God.

If it wasn't for the Soul Suppression Ring that Wang Ling gave him, there would have been far less than bones left of him - even his soul would have been completely crushed.

Mm, so there was indeed nothing wrong with Cheat Diviner Reed's divination... It was just that it never took Wang Ling into account.

After all, this player was a Heavenly Dao white list client, a darling whom even the Heavenly Dao had to give way to. How could he be so easily divined?

So after the incident with Evil Sword God, upon learning that Lord Thunder was still alive, Cheat Diviner Reed thought that his divination skills weren't working properly, and went into seclusion for a long time...

It was only when Lord Thunder personally paid him a visit before the sect's founding that Cheat Diviner Reed did a divination for the gun salute. He also became the leader of the Office of Strategic Deception's divination team.

It could be said that the sect's founding celebration had a truly significant lineup. All the major sects and the media offered congratulations, and news of the Office of Strategic Deception's founding spread like fire online and offline.

After the appearance of the Ten Generals in particular, all the light force sects instantly changed their tune. Many sects which hadn't thought much of the Office of Strategic Deception, had chosen to wait and see, or that didn't choose sides easily, actually took the initiative to reach out in goodwill.

As some famous fried rice master once said: in the end, nothing could escape being so delicious...

Among them, it was Immortal Palm Tree Sect whose attitude changed the most dramatically.

Immortal Palm Tree Sect had received the Office of Strategic Deception's invitation with the highest level of VIP treatment. After all, Immortal Palm Tree Sect was the only Sky-level first-class sect at present.

Immortal Palm Tree Sect's attitude toward this new power, the Office of Strategic Deception, was already predetermined; it was a grand Sky-level first-class sect, how could it lower itself to cosy up to a third-class sect?

The Office of Strategic Deception had only just been set up, and had yet to deal with a lot of sect matters -"the higher they rise, the harder they fall"!

Therefore, Immortal Palm Tree Sect's attitude in the beginning was to ignore it.

But like all the other sects, the sect leader of Immortal Palm Tree Sect never expected that it would be the Ten Generals who stood behind the Office of Strategic Deception...

Thus, after receiving this news, the whole of Immortal Palm Tree Sect was greatly shaken.

Its current sect leader was Sun Zhuolin, who had been hired by Huaguo Water Curtain Group for the role. Just like professional managers in many companies, he was in charge of the sect's normal business operations.

Actually, Sun Zhuolin wasn't related by blood to the Sun family of Huaguo Water Curtain Group. It was just that when he signed the agreement back then, it stipulated that he had to use the Sun surname. Hence, Zhuo Lin added the "Sun" in front of his original name.

Zhuo Lin was his real name. But this "Zhuo" was also unrelated to Zhuo Yi's Zhuo family.

The indifferent approach which they had adopted toward the Office of Strategic Deception had been signed off by Sun Zhuolin himself. As a result, after the Ten Generals appeared, Sun Zhuolin was the first to panic when he heard the news... This was a clear error in decision-making!

How could they afford to offend a sect which had the Ten Generals behind it?

In Immortal Palm Tree Sect's sect leader conference room, Sun Zhuolin was on tenterhooks until he saw his male secretary push open the door and enter. Sun Zhuolin hurriedly asked, "Have the congratulations been sent..."

"The operations department has taken care of it." The male secretary looked at his watch. "They should have all been sent out by now on our Immortal Palm Tree Sect's Weibo and WeChat official accounts... congratulatory posts have been released on all our media platforms."

"That's good..." Sun Zhuolin let out a breath and felt very relieved.

If he didn't properly deal with this major lapse in decision-making, and the Huaguo Water Curtain Group higher-ups held him accountable... He wouldn't be able to explain at all.

Immortal Palm Tree Sect was a noble Sky-level first-class sect. If all its achievements today were undone by his conceit, he wouldn't be able to atone for it, even if he killed himself!

"And the gifts? Have they been sent?" Sun Zhuolin was still a little worried, and regretted declining to attend the ceremony. At the very least, he should have sent a deputy head to find out about the real situation!

"I've already asked Shun Feng God Express to speed up with the delivery. It might be another half an hour... However, Professor Yang of the Office of Strategic Deception's patrol and guide team has indicated that the sect has already received Sect Leader's regards, and is sorry that Sect Leader was unable to be there. As Sect Leader instructed earlier, I issued a statement to say that your legs are injured..."

"I had no other choice."

Sun Zhuolin gave a wry smile. "I can't say I didn't have any intention of going... I had to find an excuse."

"Mm."

The male secretary nodded. "However..."

"However what?"

"However, the Office of Strategic Deception said... they would interact with Sect Leader on site via a live stream later, so that the Ten Generals can inquire after the state of Sect Leader's injury."

"..."

Sun Zhuolin was alarmed.

The Ten Generals personally inquiring after his condition...

Sun Zhuolin grit his teeth and immediately took out a mace from his storage bag, which he handed to his male secretary.

"Sect Leader, you..."

"No way! This absolutely cannot be exposed!" Sun Zhuolin sat on the ground and pointed at his legs. "You... break all my legs."

The male secretary: "All..."

"Correct! Including the one in the middle!"

The male secretary was shocked. "Is that necessary, Sect Leader..."

What a fierce man!

Sun Zhuolin: "Since we're putting on this act, we have to go all the way. In any case, given my realm, they can be reattached... You just need to do it cleanly; it'll be fine as long as you don't break them into pieces."

"But the middle one is too..."

"It doesn't matter. A mere one or two inches off is nothing."

"..."

...

While Immortal Palm Tree Sect was displaying its formidable will to survive, Night Chief's President Bai also received the latest news.

It was intelligence from Long Ming. "Lord Venerable Bai... Based on what the insects saw, the crystals which Lu Youming's group put down have been removed. Furthermore, Lu Youming and the others have officially made clear that from now on, they won't set themselves against the Office of Strategic Deception."

"No matter." President Bai smiled slightly. "I knew this was going to happen, so the crystals I gave them were just a cover... I already sent in the person ranked first in the Dark Network. Using the eyes and ears of Lu Youming and the others, he has successfully snuck into the celebration."

"Ranked first in the Dark Network?" Long Ming thought of one person. "Could it be..."

"That's right... It's that person who shook the world back then, Ultimate King of Killers..."





Chapter 822 Ultimate King of Killers


Ultimate King of Killers...

In the Dark Network, who was worthy of this title? Even the notorious Ghost Head Blade wasn't fit to lick this person's feet.

What was more, according to official data released by Huaxiu Alliance, Ghost Head Blade was already confirmed dead. He was stuck in the Dead Sea of Space, his blade body already long corroded by it.

He was dead as a doornail...

President Bai knew what techniques Ghost Head Blade cultivated; unlike him, there was no possibility of Ghost Head Blade resurrecting himself with the Reverse Polarity technique.

"Is that person about to reappear?" Long Ming's eyes lit up. He didn't know why, but at the mention of the name Ultimate King of Killers, he became inexplicably excited.

"It seems to be the case," President Bai said.

At the height of his glory back then, Ultimate King of Killers had commanded the faith of many dark forces.

His free, unrestrained and unruly style in gaining victories won him adulation.

But even more than that, this Ultimate King of Killers also had a profound relationship with the Ten Generals.

Because back then, it was General Yi, President Qi and Explosion Saint who had worked together to capture Ultimate King of Killers alive and send him to prison.

Huaxiu Alliance Sky Prison...

This was a much more terrible prison than Songhai First Prison.

The entire prison was specially built from the same material as the Spirit Shackles.

There were two reasons why the Old Devil and the others were currently at Songhai First Prison. On one hand, they were waiting to go on trial. On the other hand, considering their previous performance in atoning for their crimes, their sentences had been reduced.

That was because ninety-five percent of the inmates in Huaxiu Alliance Sky Prison had been given the death penalty.

One had to know, before Ultimate King of Killers, the biggest criminal who had been locked up here and sentenced to death was Senior Immortal She Pi.

"I spent a considerable amount to invite this person into the fold, but at least it was worth it... Even if I don't bring out the power of Outer Dao this time, the chaos alone which this Ultimate King of Killers will cause won't be small." President Bai had the assured look of one who had victory in his grasp.

He had a lot of confidence in Ultimate King of Killers.

After all, this was the most dangerous person to appear in Huaxiu Alliance Sky Prison after Senior Immortal She Pi.

But Ultimate King of Killers had also created another record.

He was the only person to have ever escaped the prison... And until now, he had yet to be caught, with a bounty of five million immortal gold on his head.

...

At that very moment, the cannons continued to fire above the northern square; even the air was suffused with a feel unique to fireworks. It wasn't suffocating, and in that moment, everyone felt like they were celebrating the Chinese New Year.

But it seemed like there was faint killing intent in the air...

It was very indistinct and unclear.

But after all, Wang Ling had two clones here.

This was an absolute expert; from this hidden killing intent alone, Wang Ling felt that the other party even surpassed more than half of the Ten Generals.

Among the Ten Generals, only Dark Saint specialized in assassination and aura concealment techniques, but at the moment, Dark Saint didn't seem to have sensed the danger in the square.

This was a formidable, unknown enemy in the dark, a danger that even the Office of Strategic Deception had not foreseen!

But neither Ling Zhenren nor Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch could simply make a move right now, as this would cause chaos. The ideal solution would be to ferret out this hidden troublemaker!

Just as Wang Ling was thinking this, the cannons had stopped, and as the Heavenly Dao fireworks ended, terrifying killing intent instantly roared through the crowd.

This was power that smacked of destruction!

One man's murderous aura could actually rival the force of a powerful army!

This was the kind of feeling only a twisted homicidal maniac who perpetually indulged in a sea of slaughter and blood could exude...

All the major sect leaders on the scene couldn't help raising their guard at this grim aura, and they joined hands to set up a protective barrier before stepping backward.

Who was it?

The sect leaders, together with the reporters who were present, were so frightened by this overwhelming killing intent that all their hair stood on end!

This killing intent successfully parted this bustling crowd of people to open a path through them.

The sect leaders on both sides retreated, no one daring to make a move so casually. Sect Leader Lu wanted to step forward, but Professor Yang had a death grip on him and held him back. "Don't go, Sect Leader Lu, or you're just looking to die."

Everyone here was keenly aware of how powerful this person was.

It was at that moment that they finally clearly saw the source of this murderous aura.

It was an unprepossessing-looking old man with a fist-sized wart on his chin. The skin of his face was very rough, and his deeply sunken eye sockets gave him the look of a ghost, which made for a horrifying picture.

Wearing a pair of wooden clogs, the old man walked forward step by step.

"I'm really not used to this Daoist robe, it's such a nuisance..." He shucked the robe to reveal a white undershirt inside.

This was...

The vast majority of people in the square obviously had some impression of this person. When the older sect leaders saw him, their faces changed dramatically with fright.

How could it be him?

"Apologies... ahem , I'm intruding on the fun. I'm just here today to get my revenge. I have no interest in killing the rest..." The old man squinted at the stage. "After all, I have quite a few opponents this time, I need to save my strength..."

General Yi came out. Floating in the air, he looked down at this old man and snorted. "I was wondering who it was. Such a vicious streak; it turned out to be Ultimate King of Killers from back then... But I'm guessing that your distinguished self was instructed to come here today, and you came prepared."

"It's been so many years, but the Ten Generals don't seem to have changed. Unfortunately, I'm getting older..." Ultimate King of Killers sighed, revealing the weariness of life on his face.

He was the first person to escape Huaxiu Alliance Sky Prison, and no one could imagine how much that had cost him.

Any cultivator who was put in Huaxiu Alliance Sky Prison had their spirit energy completely bound, and they were utterly unable to use it.

But Ultimate King of Killers escaped...

Even as General Yi taunted him, the Ten Generals were well aware that they couldn't underestimate this man... It was clear that the other party had not only been instructed to come, but that he had also come prepared.

"Ultimate King of Killers, why have you come by our Office of Strategic Deception today?" Lord Thunder opened his mouth.

"Are you Lord Thunder?"

The old man smiled. "You seem a lot weaker than I thought... But after all, you can't judge a book by its cover. If I act later, I'll dispatch you cleanly first... Catch the king, the band will follow."

Lord Thunder was very calm. "Those are big words, Ultimate King of Killers!"

The corners of the old man's mouth curled up. "I came here for no other reason... I just want to kill everyone, or be killed..."





Chapter 823 It's Always a Good Habit to Hit Someone When They're Already Down


This was a troublesome opponent. In terms of fighting strength alone, Wang Ling judged that this man and Evil Sword God should be evenly matched. It was just that the current situation was a little difficult to deal with since it wasn't him that was present at the scene, but the two clones Ling Zhenren and Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch, who had their own spiritual intelligence.

In terms of individual combat capability, there was in the end a limit to the clones' fighting strength.

It was Lord Thunder who had set up this situation this time, to help divert attention away from Ling Zhenren and balance out the pull of this name in the world outside. Thus, Wang Ling couldn't let these two clones act rashly, only to be crushed, otherwise this entire set-up would have been in vain.

What was more, the Ten Generals now saw Lord Thunder as their new target.

Wang Ling thought he could make good use of this point.

So the main characters in today's fight couldn't be him, or these two clones; it had to center on Lord Thunder and the Ten Generals.

While Wang Ling was analyzing the situation through the eyes of the two clones at the scene, the atmosphere had utterly frozen.

The most powerful killing intent spread in the air, so cold that one couldn't help trembling violently all over, and Lord Thunder noticed that a layer of frost had actually begun to form over the ground.

"None of you here are my match."

Ultimate King of Killers sneered, supremely confident in himself. "Back then, you locked me up in Sky Prison - not executing me straightaway was the biggest mistake you made. Even a prison cell made from the material of the Spirit Shackles couldn't hold me, and I escaped. What else can you do to me?"

His remarks immediately stirred up lively discussion among the many sect leaders and reporters present.

A lot of the Sky-level sect leaders sensed that something wasn't right about this situation.

"Given Ultimate King of Killers's personality, he should have slaughtered everyone without exception as soon as he snuck in... But his goal this time seems very clear..." President Lu's voice was gloomy.

"Ultimate King of Killers deliberately left us and the reporters alone, and deliberately chose to appear today; it's very likely he already knew early on that the Ten Generals would be here in person." Professor Yang sighed.

The Ten Generals absolutely couldn't take this fight lightly.

Ultimate King of Killers had deliberately chosen to act at the founding ceremony of the Office of Strategic Deception because it was the liveliest day!

Right now, almost more than seventy percent of the sect leaders and representatives from the entire sect circle were gathered in the northern square, along with these influential reporters.

Ultimate King of Killers wanted to do something big in front of these people!

He didn't just want to do something as simple as disrupt the ceremony - he wanted to embarrass the Ten Generals in front of everyone.

In theory, all he had to do was defeat just one of the Ten Generals to achieve his goal.

But now...

It was clear that this King of Killers had come prepared, and was confident that he could stand against the Ten Generals by his own power.

"Ultimate King of Killers, you have been on the run for many years, creating alarm and anxiety among the citizens of Huaxiu. Today, this old man will take charge and get rid of you right here." General Yi stepped forward.

He directly opened his intrinsic spirit field and pulled King of Killers in. Their figures gradually grew transparent before vanishing directly.

This was the spatial layering effect of the intrinsic spirit field as General Yi directly dragged Ultimate King of Killers into his intrinsic spirit field.

Logically speaking, when an intrinsic spirit field was used in a fight, the party who activated theirs first and dragged the enemy into it definitely had the upper hand.

This was because the intrinsic spirit field would only empower its creator; any magic the foreign party used while fighting in the field would continually use up their consumption of spirit energy until it was all exhausted.

But the rest of the Ten Generals still had heavy expressions when they saw how General Yi had acted.

"Old Yi is too impulsive!" Battle Saint Marshal Jiang frowned deeply.

His plan had been to work with the other generals to suppress Ultimate King of Killers first before they did anything else, so as to protect the venue. There was something fishy about this King of Killers, but General Yi had directly turned it into a one-on-one fight, which was instead an unfavorable variable...

"Given Old Yi's experience and talent, he shouldn't fall into a trap even if this person is up to something. Let's watch for the time being. With me here, Old Yi will be fine," Medical Saint Luo Huaiqiu said.

Because they were fighting inside the intrinsic spirit field, no one knew what on earth was going on.

But to everyone's surprise, the battle ended unexpectedly quickly.

Less than three minutes later, General Yi and King of Killers reappeared.

King of Killers had fallen to one knee as he spat out large mouthfuls of blood. There was a bloody hole the size of a fist in his chest. His white undershirt was soaked with blood that trickled down to the ground, staining his wooden clogs.

"Heh, just so-so..."

General Yi swung his arm, and the light in his hand instantly scattered.

General Yi wasn't wielding a sword, but a gas-like substance materialized in the center of his palm. While it seemed intangible, it had a piercing presence and emitted a soul-freezing pressure.

"Palm Sword combined with Boundless Sword Dao..." President Qi raised his eyebrows.

He sighed inwardly. This King of Killers was indeed strong.

He had actually forced the grand Blademaster to use this skill combo as soon as their fight began.

Palm Sword was the technique which made General Yi famous.

While Boundless Sword Dao was his special skill which made General Yi's reputation resound all the more.

The combination of the two was nothing short of a bold, innovative move.

"My boundless sword qi has already sealed off your spirit veins and destroyed your spirit body. You won't live for much longer." General Yi pinched his mustache as he gazed at King of Killers, who half-knelt on the ground as he spat blood.

"What a pity, he might have still proven valuable." Explosion Saint shook his head. King of Killers would truly find it hard to survive that injury.

But it wasn't wrong for General Yi to kill him on the spot.

Originally, if wanted criminals at King of Killers's level resisted arrest, they could be killed at the scene, according to Huaxiu's regulations for handling wanted criminals. What was more, King of Killers's appearance in this place was a serious threat to the lives of the people gathered here.

So Ultimate King of Killers had to die.

Several seconds later, as General Yi said, Ultimate King of Killers directly collapsed to the ground...

He was bleeding all over; the boundless sword qi had wreaked wanton havoc throughout his body, piercing it until it was like a punctured balloon leaking blood everywhere.

General Yi had actually disposed of Ultimate King of Killers in a flash...

Countless people at the scene sucked in cold breaths of air.

A lot of them didn't know what on earth happened inside the intrinsic spirit field.

But the way he solved this problem so efficiently made many feel proud and elated.

It could only be said, as expected of the Boundless Blademaster.

Truly, he showed no signs of slowing down.

"I'll hit him one more time, just in case." General Yi squinted at the body of King of Killers on the ground, who looked like he was already dead.

It was always a good habit to hit the enemy one more time after battle, especially when faced with such a mortal foe.

Even if General Yi was now retired, he was just as prudent and careful as before.

But just as General Yi approached King of Killers's body, ready to strike again...

In a flash, Ultimate King of Killers's body actually turned into black qi that entered General Yi's body...

"Old Yi, you..."

In almost a split second, General Yi's eyes turned black, and his body stopped floating in the air as it touched down firmly on the ground...

Under the stunned gazes of the other Ten Generals, King of Killers's voice came out of General Yi's mouth. "I already said, none of you are my match... Yi Jianchuan this old fellow was in such a hurry to act, and in the end I still possessed him..."





Chapter 824 I Think of You as a Brother, but You Want To...


General Yi had been possessed. This scene caught everyone off guard.

"That's impossible!"

Battle Saint Marshal Jiang shook his head. "Blademaster has cultivated Boundless Sword Dao for years; his sword heart is clear, there's no way anything can invade it!"

Marshal Jiang didn't dare believe the scene before his eyes. If you asked who among the Ten Generals understood Blademaster the most, Marshal Jiang felt that as a rival who constantly sparred with General Yi, his familiarity with and understanding of General Yi was second only to what he knew of himself. The conditions for cultivating Boundless Sword Dao were very strict, and you couldn't be the slightest bit distracted or have wicked thoughts. In order to successfully master Boundless Sword Dao back then, General Yi had suffered a lot.

To endure hardships which an ordinary person couldn't was what made him a great general.

"Battle Saint, the truth is in front of your eyes, it's useless to deny it any longer." Explosion Saint frowned. "This Ultimate King of Killers is a little strange; when you're fighting him, take care not to get close. It should be safe to use long-range attacks."

"Sis Luo, can you identify what spell this Ultimate King of Killers is using?" Marshal Jiang asked in a low voice as he frowned deeply.

In fact, the instant Medicine Saint saw General Yi taken over, she had already performed the Mind-Clearing Spell, but unfortunately, it didn't work at all.

"The moment Old Yi was possessed, I already cast the level seven Mind-Clearing Spell to try and purify his abnormal state, but it doesn't seem to have worked." Medicine Saint said, "I can only assume now that this isn't one of the abnormal spells."

The faces of the Ten Generals turned a little dark. These irregular conditions told them that this Ultimate King of Killers indeed wasn't a simple person.

"Ultimate King of Killers, did you deliberately choose today to take your revenge for being locked up in Sky Prison, so that you could do it in front of these sect leaders and the media?"

"I have waited a long time for this day." King of Killers's voice sounded out of place coming out of General Yi's body.

"You won't get away with it now."

President Qi stood up and said, "The second you attacked Old Yi, I used the Brain Deduction Technique to brainwash everyone behind you. What they're seeing now is Old Yi sending you flying out of the intrinsic spirit field and spitting blood. Furthermore, this scene will replay in a continuous brainwashing loop in their minds..."

Lord Thunder: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

King of Killers's pupils contracted at President Qi's words before he sneered. "As expected of Wisdom Saint... Apart from Old Yi, you also played a role in locking me up in Sky Prison back then."

Speaking up to this point, he waved his hand. "But that doesn't matter now. Wisdom Saint, I recall that as long as you're severely injured or die, your Brain Deduction Technique will be cut short. So, none of you will be able to escape today... All of you will die. But before I make a move, let me remind everyone."

Hearing this, the faces of the Ten Generals froze.

Ultimate King of Killers said with an expressionless face, "I'm borrowing General Yi's body right now. Attacking me is the same as attacking General Yi."

"King of Killers, this is despicable!" Battle Saint was filled with anger.

"Winner takes all, the rest is bullshit." Ultimate King of Killers chuckled.

Battle Saint took a deep breath and glared at him, clearly enraged. "Even if General Yi fell into your trap, we Ten Generals aren't pushovers... We are Huaxiu's elites."

"Elites?"

Ultimate King of Killers laughed maliciously. "It is precisely the elites that I want to defeat!"

He barely finished speaking when, with a wave of his hand, the air in front of him instantly warped.

In the blink of an eye, he vanished in General Yi's body along with Marshal Jiang.

"What kind of spell is this..." Lord Thunder stared blankly. That move just now was clearly General Yi's intrinsic spirit field, and Ultimate King of Killers was actually able to use General Yi's magic while he was inside the latter's body.

"Brother Ling... what should we do?"

Lord Thunder turned his face to look at Ling Zhenren on his left side and Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch on his right as he asked the question telepathically.

This King of Killers was too strange...

Lord Thunder already couldn't think of anyone else who could contain the situation at the moment apart from Wang Ling.

Actually, Wang Ling already knew the spell Ultimate King of Killers was using; it was just that he couldn't explain it right then.

This wasn't an ordinary spell for possessing a person's body, since such a spell, classified as an abnormal spell, could be dispelled by the Mind-Clearing Spell.

What Ultimate King of Killers was using was a more powerful and unusual type of spell that was based on the body possession spell, called the "Anti-Last Hit Spell."

The real reason why General Yi had fallen into the enemy's hands wasn't because of his terrifying attack, but because of the final blow he had been about to deal to Ultimate King of Killers.

This was a spell that allowed you to fight back when you were on the brink of death.

As long as the spellcaster could sense the malice in the final blow just as he was about to die, he could temporarily engulf the soul of the attacker and thus take over the latter's body.

So, when all was said and done, this "Anti-Last Hit Spell" was nothing more than a slightly advanced version of the body possession technique...

This spell was practically unknown to most people because it belonged to a lesser branch of magic.

But it so happened that Wang Ling knew how to use it himself.

Also, when Wang Ling possessed someone, he did it neatly - whoever he wanted to possess, he possessed; there was no point in it being so complicated.

So the next moment, Wang Ling manipulated the clone Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch into putting his hand on Lord Thunder's shoulder.

Using a clone to pass along his soul and possess a body wasn't an especially difficult technique.

Although he was still at school, today was the sect's founding ceremony, after all. Since someone had come to stir up trouble, as the leader of the crispy noodles hall... ah, no, as the leader of the recreation hall, he should also do his part.

In any case, it would only take him two minutes to resolve the fight...

...

A few seconds later, Wang Ling's soul was successfully passed on to Lord Thunder's body, and Lord Thunder's aura changed dramatically.

It was a fantastic feeling to be ridden...

Lord Thunder remembered when he had been possessed the last time; in the fight with Evil Sword God, it was Lord Jingke who had ridden his body.

And now, it was his best brother who was riding him...

Lord Thunder felt himself very blessed!

Sensing the change in Lord Thunder's aura, the Ten Generals were greatly shaken.

Who would have thought everything was as they had suspected?

This Great Death-Courting Senior really did turn out to be a hidden expert!

There was nothing else to say.

"I'll be right back..."

After Lord Thunder and Wang Ling combined, it was still Lord Thunder's voice, but Wang Ling was already in charge of the body.

Under everyone's stupefied gazes, this Great Death-Courting Senior, who had hidden himself very well, lifted one hand and directly tore open the space in front of them, before stepping into the intrinsic spirit field that King of Killers had set up after possessing General Yi's body.

At that moment, Marshal Jiang was already locked in a fierce battle inside the intrinsic spirit field.

Fortunately, it wasn't too late yet...





Chapter 825 Being a Pretentious Prick Is a Profound Area of Learning


This was the second time that Lord Thunder was being possessed by a big shot. Although it felt slightly uncomfortable on the whole, which was a reaction to the body and soul rejecting each other, Lord Thunder could basically still tolerate it. There was a limit to how long a possession lasted, like holding your breath in water. Once it reached the limit, the soul and flesh would separate on their own.

Usually, the longest time a body could be possessed for was five minutes.

It was very different from Ultimate King of Killers borrowing a body, which was an advanced type of possession that wasn't constrained by time.

But five minutes or not made no difference to Wang Ling.

In any case, he didn't need even three minutes to settle this fight...

After successfully possessing Lord Thunder's body, he tore open the space to step onto the battlefield, and saw sword light as bright as the sun come slicing down. Thick with domineering intent, it carried boundless, majestic pressure, and was hard to look at directly.

In this world, only the fastest martial arts were unstoppable. This sword move, which carried the profound truth of Boundless Sword Dao, was even more so; all evil would be spooked out of their minds by this sword.

Although his body was under Wang Ling's control, Lord Thunder could clearly see what was going on. This was a battle between True Immortals. If it wasn't for Wang Ling controlling his body now, there was no way he would be able to stand, given his Soul Formation stage.

What kind of powerful move was this...

The scene was even more stunning than when he fought Evil Sword God.

Because back when he fought Evil Sword God, it had been a pure, crushing defeat.

But this was a duel between Blademaster and Battle Saint right now.

While it was King of Killers who had forced this confrontation, it was still utterly mind-blowing.

In the face of this torrent of Boundless Sword intent, Marshal Jiang frowned and responded almost instantly.

Sticking both his thumbs into his mouth, he bit hard, and his arms suddenly and instantly swelled up in the next moment to several hundred times their normal size. They looked like godly iron from heaven, as even the skin turned a deep, glossy black.

Marshal Jiang brought his arms down and crossed them in front of him. When the Boundless Sword Dao intent crashed into these enhanced arms, it gave a deep ringing sound of godly iron colliding.

The ground cracked, and the collision between Boundless Sword intent and Marshal Jiang's arms exploded with boiling hot energy which instantly scorched and melted the earth, turning it into burning lava.

With no ground to stand on, Marshal Jiang could only fight in the air.

And this was the most dangerous moment!

Anything in General Yi's intrinsic spirit field could be turned into sword intent!

'Battle Saint, you're trapped..." King of Killers smiled slightly as he manipulated the Boundless Sword Dao intent in General Yi's body. With just a crook of his finger, the blazing lava on the ground instantly turned into thousands of fire swords that lunged at Marshal Jiang.

King of Killers didn't hold back at all. This was a move meant to directly kill Marshal Jiang on the spot.

Marshal Jiang had obviously sensed how merciless Ultimate King of Killers was.

Hampered by the fact that Ultimate King of Killers was using Blademaster's body, Marshal Jiang had been forced to take a defensive position since the beginning since he didn't dare attack too fiercely. Now, however, he could feel that there was something odd about this possession technique.

He didn't know if he was mistaken, but he felt that after Blademaster was possessed, the latter seemed to be exerting more power than usual...

Of the Ten Generals, he had fought Blademaster the most, so it should be said that he was well acquainted with Blademaster's condition.

At that moment, thousands of fire swords lunged at Marshal Jiang, each one aimed at his heart.

Marshal Jiang swung his godly arms to block them, but these fire swords were too agile!

"Brother Ling, you can act now!" Lord Thunder urged Wang Ling. The situation was just too dangerous for Marshal Jiang now.

"Mm."

Wang Ling just replied softly.

He took one step forward, and it directly boomed like thunder. Several lightning bolts immediately shattered the thousands of fire swords, and both Marshal Jiang and King of Killers couldn't help turning to look in the direction of the sound of thunder.

It wasn't just Marshal Jiang, but even Ultimate King of Killers was utterly flabbergasted.

Because they hadn't sensed another person entering the intrinsic spirit field.

"Senior Immortal, when... when did you come in?"

"Not long ago." Lord Thunder opened his mouth.

In fact, it was Wang Ling who was speaking and now in control of the body... But it was still Lord Thunder's voice, so Marshal Jiang and Ultimate King of Killers didn't suspect anything.

Wang Ling had never been fond of speaking, but considering that he was pretending to be Lord Thunder and had possessed his body, he had to be a pretentious prick in the latter's place... what needed to be acted out should be acted out, otherwise how good could the result be?

Marshal Jiang and Ultimate King of Killers clearly froze on the spot at his words.

Not long ago...

They actually hadn't noticed at all!

And the most important thing was that this Lord Thunder had only entered the intrinsic spirit field after Marshal Jiang was dragged in. How was this possible?

"Senior Immortal, how did you get in?" Marshal Jiang was utterly astonished.

"Is it very hard, tearing the space open by hand?" Manipulating Lord Thunder's body, Wang Ling cocked his head slightly.

Hearing this, Ultimate King of Killers and Marshal Jiang sucked in cold breaths of air.

Tearing the space open by hand...

Easier said than done!

The technique involved was incredibly difficult, and the space he tore open wasn't any ordinary space. A True Immortal could typically tear space open to travel through it.

But tearing open space and passing through various spatial layers wasn't the same - it was a completely different level of difficulty!

"It's hot." Lord Thunder looked down at the ground.

The collision between two True Immortals had turned the ground in the intrinsic spirit field into lava, and he really did feel a little hot.

"You must be hot, too." Lord Thunder gazed at Marshal Jiang next to him.

Marshal Jiang nodded. "A little... But a True Immortal can tolerate very high temperatures. I'm sweating, but not to the point that I feel like I'm boiling."

"Since it's hot, then don't go so wild. Wouldn't it be better to be more zen when you fight?" Wang Ling did his best to speak the way Lord Thunder usually did to avoid arousing suspicion.

Marshal Jiang was a little dazed by this question. "Senior Immortal is right..."

"You were fighting for so long, but nothing happened, so I came in to take a look."

"... Anyway, I have to thank Senior Immortal. Your arrival was a huge help! We can attack together. Senior Immortal, you just need to suppress Old Yi's body; leave the rest to me."

"Too troublesome."

Lord Thunder shook his head.

Marshal Jiang: "Then Senior Immortal's meaning is..."

At that moment, Lord Thunder gazed at the ground, and gave a soft sigh.

It was just a sigh, but the lava on the ground actually froze in a flash!

While Marshal Jiang and King of Killers were still in a daze, Lord Thunder's body at some point was already in front of King of Killers. "Hey, what are you looking at?"

This speed was really too fast...

Before King of Killers could come back to his senses, Lord Thunder flicked his forehead.

Pa!

With a crisp sound, General Yi's body was sent flying like a shooting star through several massive mountains.

Lord Thunder was in his own body as he allowed Wang Ling to control it at will, and he felt that he had learned something new...

It turned out that being a pretentious prick was also a huge field of learning!

He definitely wouldn't have known this if he had gone into battle himself!

As expected of his dearest Brother Ling!

"Brother Ling, you're too cool!" Inside his body, Lord Thunder showered Wang Ling with endless cheers. "Please use my body as much as you like, Brother Ling! Don't be gentle with me just because I'm a broccoli!"

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 826 Wang Ling's Teaching


It was always difficult for people to believe in things beyond their ken. More often than not, they preferred to believe in things that were within their ability to understand.

So when King of Killers got up from the ground, he had a terrible feeling - Lord Thunder's sudden appearance, as well as this level of strength, couldn't be described in words; it was already far beyond his reckoning.

With a mere flick of his finger, Lord Thunder had in a split second sent him flying through a dozen mountains...

Marshal Jiang also felt that this scene was inconceivable.

In that moment, he took a deep breath...

While they had concluded in their discussion on the immortal warship that this Lord Thunder wasn't a simple person, seeing this explosive power with his own eyes still made this renowned Battle Saint shudder.

If it wasn't for Ultimate King of Killers, the Ten Generals might never have any idea at all what kind of expert Lord Thunder was.

Yet at the same time, Marshal Jiang had some doubts.

Logically speaking, Lord Thunder had already hidden himself very well.

So why had he chosen to expose himself in front of everyone on such an occasion today?

Of course, perhaps it wasn't as complicated as Marshal Jiang imagined...

Today was the Office of Strategic Deception's sect celebration, and a person had come to make trouble. As the sect leader, it was in fact reasonable for Lord Thunder to act.

This was how Marshal Jiang explained it to himself.

Ultimate King of Killers admitted that he had never been in as difficult a situation as this before. After smashing through a series of mountains, his crash landing kicked up dust as far as the eye could see. When he got up from the ground, he could even feel his legs shaking uncontrollably.

One had to know that this was Blademaster's body. Even without deliberately putting up a protective barrier, his body was protected by sword qi.

Logically speaking, falling to the ground shouldn't hurt.

But that finger just now had directly flicked his soul.

Blademaster's body looked unscathed, but Ultimate King of Killers felt like he was dying.

When Ultimate King of Killers raised his head, a ghostly figure appeared in front of him, causing him to break into a cold sweat.

"Still want to continue?" Lord Thunder said lightly.

Ultimate King of Killers couldn't follow his movements at all; it was the same with that forehead flick just now.

Ultimate King of Killers seriously wondered if he was blind.

As King of Killers and number one in the Dark Network, it was impossible for him not to be able to use even a simple eye technique to capture motion.

But reality proved that Lord Thunder's moves were indeed so fast that King of Killers's eyes just couldn't keep up.

Ultimate King of Killers had to admit that of all the opponents he had ever encountered, this guy was the strangest!

This Lord Thunder's aura had clearly been at the Soul Formation stage before this; that wasn't fake at all...

But all of a sudden, it was like he had become another person.

So, had he been deliberately hiding his strength previously?

As King of Killers all these years, he had seen too many experts, and could practically tell at a glance whether they had deliberately hidden their strength. This could be considered an innate and special ability he had as Ultimate King of Killers, given his experience of the world: "know yourself and your enemy, and every victory will be yours."

For the sake of his revenge today, he hadn't even hesitated to cooperate with Night Chief.

Dealing with the Ten Generals one by one and humiliating them was the one thing he had been exceedingly confident he could do.

He was Ultimate King of Killers.

He would never follow through on a losing proposition, nor would he be unprepared.

But he never expected this Chief of the Office of Strategic Deception, the man known as Great Death-Courting Senior, to be a hidden variable...

"Still want to continue?" Lord Thunder asked again.

"Interesting... truly interesting. It's been a long time since I've run into someone so interesting!" As King of Killers let out a wild laugh, he already had a countermeasure in mind. The first thing he needed to do now was restrict his opponent's movements. He felt that the reason for his defeat had a lot to do with his inability to see his opponent's movements clearly.

Since the other party's strong point was his speed, then he didn't have to fight him head-on; he could just keep his distance, thus narrowing down the other party's attack options...

This was standard combat mentality.

Ultimate King of Killers had experienced countless battles. He was able to quickly adapt to different battle situations, and had experienced things that many people hadn't - this was also why Ultimate King of Killers was hard to catch.

Ultimate King of Killers had once served in Magnificent Immortal, during which time he cultivated a formidable ability to evade detection.

Actually, Ultimate King of Killers also had another nickname: Shame of Magnificent Immortal.

Wang Ling stared at Ultimate King of Killers, utterly serene. He still had plenty of time.

Upon entering the arena and up to that forehead flick, it had only been thirty seconds.

At that moment, Ultimate King of Killers was controlling the intrinsic spirit field as he tried to stay as far away as possible. Wang Ling could feel an added pressure on his shoulders all of a sudden.

"Gravity restriction, huh..." Wang Ling raised his eyebrows.

It was clear that Ultimate King of Killers was trying to restrict his movements.

Unfortunately, however, this gravity wasn't any use on Wang Ling.

Ultimate King of Killers had completely no idea about the kind of player he was facing.

Putting some distance between them as he stood in the sky, he continued to cast extra effects on himself.

"Boundless Sword Dao · Eight-Chi Sword Circle!"

"Boundless Sword Dao · Increased Sword Strength!"

"Boundless Sword Dao · Enhanced Sword Edge!"

"Boundless Sword Dao · Sword Qi Damage Rebound!"

"Boundless Sword Dao · Anti-Demon Stance!"

"Boundless Sword Dao · Anti-Injury Sword Qi!"

...

In a short ten seconds or so, Ultimate King of Killers borrowed General Yi's body to do whatever he wanted, casting more than ten extra augmentation effects on himself.

This was power derived from Boundless Sword Dao. Looking at this, Wang Ling was a little apprehensive, not because he was afraid, but because the extra sword qi effects were like a dense cobweb wrapped around Ultimate King of Killers. Wang Ling, who had trypophobia, felt like he was going to go crazy at this sight!

"You applied so many BUFFs, is this a last-ditch effort?"

"I underestimated you before... But if you die from the next attack, don't blame me. I'm Ultimate King of Killers, I don't kill just nobodies," Ultimate King of Killers said darkly.

He no longer held back. Originally, he had planned to slowly torture Battle Saint to death in this intrinsic spirit field, but he never expected this variable to show up.

If this battle dragged out any longer, he would be at a disadvantage.

The target of his revenge was the Ten Generals to begin with. As for the chief of the Office of Strategic Deception, he had simply promised Night Chief that he would get rid of him in passing. In other words, he initially could have given this Great Death-Courting Senior a quick death.

But Ultimate King of Killers now vowed that if he won this battle, he would let this chief keep his pathetic life, then use everything he had learned in his life as a killer to torture the man for eighty-one days...

"I'll torture you to death!"

As before, King of Killers swung with all his strength, and the sword immediately expanded in the air to take the form of a sword pillar connected to the sky, which pressed forward with devastating force.

This sword attack had overwhelming momentum.

Wang Ling, however, merely sighed.

It was just a sigh, but it produced an extraordinary purifying sound wave which spread out in all directions from Lord Thunder's body like the cries of millions of birds; it was so shocking it could numb a person's scalp.

In a split second, the attack turned into streams of air that dissipated into nothingness...

Even the ten or so sword qi effects which encircled King of Killers's body vanished in a blink of an eye!

"This is..."

Both Battle Saint and King of Killers were dumbstruck.

"It's just Kenbunshoku Haki 1 with an added unusual sound wave effect."

1(A form of Haki that allows the user to sense the presence of others, even if they are concealed from view or too far to see normally in "One Piece .. ") Using Lord Thunder's body, Wang Ling replied, "I call it Unusual Sound Wave Kenbun Technique."

Marshal Jiang: "..."

King of Killers: "..."

"You had your shot; it should be my turn now, shouldn't it?" In the next second, Wang Ling's gaze was fixed on King of Killers.

At this look, Ultimate King of Killers was so scared that he broke into a cold sweat from head to toe, and even his underwear was soaked...





Chapter 827 A Real Disaster


By now, Wang Ling's expression was no longer the same since he didn't have much time left. He had hung around a bit to see what the legendary Ultimate King of Killers could do; in the end, he was hugely disappointed. The Dark Network Number One was only at this level!

Ultimate King of Killers's spirit also instantly crumbled under this look. From that finger flick at the very beginning, the other party seemed to have a way to directly suppress the soul without hurting the body...

How could a person capable of such a technique be ordinary?

Moreover, it wasn't hard for Ultimate King of Killers to assume that the other party might have already seen through his body possession technique. The "Anti-Last Hit Spell" was a Dark Network forbidden spell which was widespread in the Western world. There was a book called the Black Bible in the Western world which contained all the forbidden spells, and Ultimate King of Killers paid a huge price back then to obtain the spell.

The "Anti-Last Hit Spell" was one of the forbidden spells in this Black Bible.

Of course, only someone who had seen the Black Bible would understand this spell.

As expected, this Lord Thunder was really something.

But there was no point in dwelling on this now. Ultimate King of Killers knew that this was a battle he had to face.

And the first thing he had to do...

... Was circulate qi and dry the underwear that this damn body was wearing!

Lord Thunder had just given him a look, and he was drenched in cold sweat. Ultimate King of Killers's clothes were plastered to his skin, making him feel very uncomfortable.

For Ultimate King of Killers, killing was an art. Since it was an art, each murder should be carried out with sincerity and an appreciation for beauty.

"Ha!"

And so, Ultimate King of Killers started to amass qi. His body released boiling hot True Immortal qi which hissed like an electric iron on a hot plate.

But Wang Ling couldn't wait anymore. He didn't know what this Ultimate King of Killers was doing, nor was he interested in waiting for the other man to be done.

For Wang Ling, getting this battle over and done with was the first priority.

The next second, Lord Thunder's figure flashed as he directly disappeared. He reappeared on the horizon, and turned into a fiery meteor which streaked toward Ultimate King of Killers.

Powerful wind pressure instantly enveloped the earth.

This was clearly General Yi's home ground, being his intrinsic spirit field, but Wang Ling had actually turned the tables in that moment.

This sudden move caught Ultimate King of Killers off guard.

— His underwear wasn't dry yet!

This wasn't the least bit beautiful!

Lord Thunder fell from the sky in the form of a fiery meteor.

He came whistling down like a nuclear bomb, the wind pressure forcing Ultimate King of Killers's head down at an angle. He couldn't even open his eyes as he was pressed flat down on the ground like a toad suppressed by the Buddha Palm.

Marshal Jiang cried out in astonishment on the side.

What precision in this attack...

This was clearly a large-scale attack to cause mass, lethal destruction, but apart from a blast of wind, Marshal Jiang didn't feel the slightest bit of pressure at all.

This was enough to prove that when casting this spell, Lord Thunder had already fixed the strike trajectory so that all the pressure would pour down on Ultimate King of Killers.

Ultimate King of Killers was utterly unable to withstand this pressure. Lying face down, he could only do his best to turn his head slightly and squint at the sky before he could clearly see the shocking scene. It was like the descent of divine punishment on an epic scale — it was clearly a human, but in his eyes, this human was like a planet that was about to hit the Earth. As the other party fell, the space actually cracked inch by inch in his wake to create a long and narrow cavity, and he rushed straight at Ultimate King of Killers!

"I never thought... I, Ultimate King of Killers, would die here..."

In that split second, memories of his life flashed before his eyes.

He was sure that this Lord Thunder was going to destroy him along with General Yi's body.

It was likely already too late for Lord Thunder to take back such a powerful attack.

Ultimate King of Killers sneered coldly. What if he withdrew from General Yi's body at that moment, and let General Yi feel for himself what it was like to die?

...

A few seconds later, the people who had been anxiously waiting outside the intrinsic spirit field saw Lord Thunder, Marshal Jiang as well as General Yi walk out intact.

When Ultimate King of Killers attached himself to his body, General Yi's soul had been imprisoned. He couldn't control his body, but could clearly see what was going on outside.

When he saw Lord Thunder fall, he also thought he was going to die.

The worse thing was that at the very last moment, Ultimate King of Killers decided to return to his own body, giving General Yi's body back to him.

So the instant General Yi regained his own body, he was scared into wetting his underwear again...

But overall, it was a satisfactory ending.

When Wang Ling, in Lord Thunder's body, performed what looked like an all-out move to kill King of Killers, it was actually to force the latter to retreat and pull out of the body.

So from the very beginning, that attack had been a coercion tactic, and Wang Ling had never intended to drop it.

In the split second that it was about to hit, Wang Ling withdrew all his strength.

This had all been part of his plan, so to speak.

"That... That's impossible!"

On the other side, Ultimate King of Killers, who had returned to his own body, had an incredulous expression on his face.

That attack just now had been full of enough wild godly power to destroy a True Immortal's body - how could it be completely recalled in the last second before it hit?

This was far beyond Ultimate King of Killers's expectations, as well as that of General Yi and Marshal Jiang, who had witnessed everything.

Lord Thunder was ridiculously strong!

But this powerful man had actually presented himself as a Soul Formation cultivator all these years?

What kind of tolerant and low-key mentality was this...

The Ten Generals should learn from him well!

"Ultimate King of Killers, is there anything else you want to say?" General Yi stared at Ultimate King of Killers. He wasn't in a hurry to act this time, as he was worried that Ultimate King of Killers would use the "Anti-Last Hit Spell" again.

But he didn't have to worry about Ultimate King of Killers escaping. For one thing, a barrier had already been set up at the scene. On top of that, Ultimate King of Killers had deliberately let General Yi severely injure him earlier, in order to use the "Anti-Last Hit Spell"; now that he had returned to his original, heavily wounded body, it was basically impossible for him to think of escaping!

On the whole, the incident had wrapped up successfully.

While the Ten General discussed how they should deal with Ultimate King of Killers, Lord Thunder sent Wang Ling a message of thanks: "Brother Ling! Thanks! Many thanks for helping out!"

But Wang Ling didn't reply...

Because at that moment, Teacher Pan had called his name in class...

In Teacher Pan's Dao talisman class, Wang Ling spent a few minutes extricating his soul from Lord Thunder's body, which gave his own body a somewhat lifeless look. Hence, when Teacher Pan called on him to answer a question, he couldn't stand up and reply in time.

When Wang Ling came back to his senses, Teacher Pan had already called his name three times...

Now was the fourth...

"Student Wang Ling, not paying attention in class! The final exams are coming! It seems I need to contact your parents!"

"..."





Chapter 828 A Gift From Wang Ling


Calling the parents was a common skill which teachers-in-charge had in their arsenal. Usually, students might be unsettled when their parents were contacted, but sometimes this trick worked extraordinarily well to make students rectify their behavior. Junior high school was a rebellious period, when students reacted badly to teachers calling their parents. The situation was a little better in high school, and Teacher Pan always believed that children in the elite class in particular should have strong mental endurance!

Of course, when a teacher-in-charge said they would call a student's parents, this was in many cases purely a scare tactic.

As long as a student corrected their attitude, the teacher would let it go later.

But Teacher Pan was different...

As a pioneer teacher at Number 60 High School, it could only be said that Teacher Pan was Teacher Pan... If she said she was going to call the parents, she meant it! And she always kept her word!

Wang Ling understood Teacher Pan's character too well.

After all, he had known her for nearly a semester.

Teacher Pan choosing to call his parents at this time was undoubtedly using him as a warning to the rest of the class.

But Wang Ling really couldn't protest, and had no way to do so, because he really had been MIA at the time! If he had known earlier, he would have hurried up and solved the problem. He originally thought that this Ultimate King of Killers might pull out some sort of awesome trick, so he wanted to wait and see for a bit; in the end, he was greatly disappointed.

Wang Ling decided that if he ran into something like this again in the future, it was still better to directly use a slap to solve the problem.

Now things had gotten troublesome again.

As Grade One, Class Three's mascot who had just escaped the jaws of death, Wang Ling felt that Teacher Pan shouldn't treat him like this - couldn't she show him, this pitiful little thing, a little more concern?!

But Teacher Pan's reprimand was very effective. Upon hearing that she was going to call Wang Ling's parents, Guo Hao and Chen Chao, who had been messing around and passing notes earlier, promptly stopped and bolted upright like terracotta warriors.

Finally, Teacher Pan's last Dao talisman lesson of the semester ended on a harmonious and quiet note...

After class, Teacher Pan returned to the office with the test papers in her arms.

With Chen Chao taking the lead, the other students went up to Wang Ling one by one to pat him on the shoulder.

Chen Chao: "My condolences, my Ling."

Guo Hao: "My condolences..."

Su Xiao: "Classmate Wang Ling, my condolences... your parents won't beat you, will they..."

"..."

Wang Ling thought about saying that they couldn't beat him, but in the end remained silent.

Father and Mother Wang certainly would never beat him.

First of all, any sort of violence was wrong. Especially when it came to educating children, you should explain with reason and move them emotionally. Good communication was still the most important thing. If the people in this world could properly communicate with and understand each other, wouldn't a lot of disasters be avoided?

Like the bus that fell into the river a while ago 1 , which was a typical case.

1(Referring to when a passenger attacked a driver, causing him to lose control of the bus and resulting in the deaths of at least 13 people ..) The world was so beautiful, why did you have to be so grumpy?

...

This wasn't the first time that Teacher Pan had looked for Wang Ling's parents. After all, she had specially paid a visit to the Wang family's small villa before, and Lord Thunder had attended the last parent-teacher meeting. In exchange, Wang Ling had guarded the stone ghost mask and obstructed the Ten Saints at Lord Thunder's villa.

If Teacher Pan just called Father Wang, then things wouldn't be so troublesome...

But after she visited the Wang family's small villa the last time, Teacher Pan had specially saved Old Man Wang's phone number. She called Old Man Wang directly this time, so there was no way for Wang Ling to fake anything!

So when Lord Thunder found out, he also felt helpless.

"Brother Ling, go well..." Lord Thunder sent Wang Ling a message.

Wang Ling: "..."

In Lord Thunder's mind, Old Man Wang was the strongest in the Wang family's small villa. Furthermore, Lord Thunder was still trying to comprehend the secret in the broccoli until now.

By the time school was over, the matter of Ultimate King of Killers had pretty much been dealt with.

Due to the Ten Generals' presence plus the help Wang Ling had given, the sect's founding ceremony had on the whole proceeded smoothly. As for this interlude with King of Killers, it was the chief of the Office of Strategic Deception, Lord Thunder himself, who personally took him down in a satisfactory ending. However, because the outside world hadn't seen what had happened inside the intrinsic spirit field, Lord Thunder and the Ten Generals' collective response to the news media was that it was General Yi who had defeated Ultimate King of Killers.

The Ten Generals, however, saw the entire truth of the situation from beginning to end.

All of them very clearly saw exactly how strong the chief of this new Office of Strategic Deception, the legendary Great Death-Courting Senior, was!

After this, the Office of Strategic Deception and Huaxiu Alliance were bound to work even closer together; in any case, Huaxiu Alliance was the Office of Strategic Deception's largest investing shareholder to begin with.

Wang Ling was aware that given Lord Thunder's current strength and his frequent contact with these experts, he was in danger of being exposed sooner or later.

So Wang Ling decided to give him a little push from behind...

It was just that even Lord Thunder wasn't aware of this.

Wang Ling had initially planned to attend the Office of Strategic Deception's dinner banquet that evening, but since Teacher Pan wanted to call his family, he could only give up on the idea...

The banquet was different from the mid-afternoon celebration; neither the media nor sect leaders from sects below Sky level would participate.

Only the major Sky-level forces could attend the Office of Strategic Deception's banquet.

The Ten Generals were also extremely cautious in dealing with Ultimate King of Killers; only General Yi and Marshal Jiang were left behind at the scene, while the other eight went to keep an eye on Ultimate King of Killers as he was escorted away.

This arrangement appeared a little excessive, but in fact it was absolutely necessary; this could be considered giving this Ultimate King of Killers, as the Dark Network's number one player, the last bit of face.

Ultimate King of Killers's life hung by a thread now. Like Wang Zhen, who had been restricted by Heavenly Dao, he couldn't use any spells now.

Because in the final instant before Wang Ling extricated his soul, he cast a Heavenly Dao restriction on Ultimate King of Killers.

Now, Ultimate King of Killers didn't have the strength to struggle anymore.

After discussion, the Ten Generals didn't put King of Killers to death right away, because they wanted to use him to ferret out the player behind the scenes... though the Ten Generals basically had some idea who this person was...

The banquet was about to start. Er Ha and Xiao Yin were sitting in the inner seating area.

Er Ha: "What's on the menu tonight? Woof!"

Xiao Yin covered his mouth and said in a very low voice, "Appetizer: Heavenly Dao broccoli mixed salad. Main course: broccoli spaghetti with braised broccoli. Soup: fresh broccoli soup. Dessert: Heavenly Dao broccoli snow ice... Of course, there are other dishes, but the ones I mentioned will definitely be served."

Er Ha had a relaxed expression on its face.

For some reason, whenever it heard the word "broccoli" now, it felt as calm as the surface of an ancient well.

Broccoli was a green vegetable. Er Ha was also green! What a match!

"Everyone, this Heavenly Dao broccoli was developed and planted by our Office of Strategic Deception! Let me eat first as a toast!" After saying this, Lord Thunder picked up a broccoli with his chopsticks and put it in his mouth.

All the guests stared at the broccoli mixed salad in front of them with "it looks tasteless" expressions on their faces...

But just as Lord Thunder swallowed the broccoli in his mouth, there was a tremendous sound of an explosion in the sky.

For one moment, all the cultivators in the entire world froze as they cocked their heads at a forty-five degree angle to look up at the sky.





Chapter 829 The First True Venerated Cultivator In The World


This explosion of Heavenly Dao caught everyone off guard. Cultivators in every corner of the world, even those at the Foundation Establishment stage, felt a resonating power at that moment, as if an aura of Divine Dao from beyond the heavens had stretched out its hand to gently stroke their heads... It felt amazing, like a delightful buzz.

Basically every cultivator felt it. The only difference was that those with lower realms, like Foundation Establishment and Golden Core cultivators, could sense it but didn't know what was going on.

The situation had changed...

Someone had broken through True Immortal level, but had yet to reach Venerated Immortal level; instead, this was a type of realm which approached Venerated Immortal level... According to ancient texts, this realm was known as Half-Step Venerated or True Venerated, and was a realm stronger than True Immortal but weaker than Venerated Immortal.

A True Venerated cultivator was rare, and there were very few records on this level in ancient texts, even fewer than for the Venerated Immortal level.

Because the Earth's spirit energy was growing thinner year after year, every country had signed the True Immortal Convention, which required all countries to cooperate and seal their realms so that True Immortals were not allowed to become Venerated Immortals. This was because advancing to Venerated Immortal level consumed a tremendous amount of the Earth's spirit energy. Once this spirit energy dried up, the age of cultivators might be gone forever.

The Ten Generals and the head of state were powerful enough to become Venerated Immortals, but because of the convention, they had sealed the upper limits of their realms.

All these years, the key research project which all countries had been working on together was to find a way to break through from True Immortal to Venerated Immortal level without weakening the Earth's underlying spirit energy.

But no one expected that today, someone would actually break through True Immortal level.

Although it wasn't a Venerated Immortal, it was a True Venerated, who was stronger than a True Immortal...

And most importantly, the True Venerated realm guaranteed further advancement in the future!

After reaching the True Venerated realm, the difficulty of subsequently advancing to Venerated Immortal level was greatly reduced, and the success rate was eighty to ninety percent!

At that moment, many Void Refinement, Itinerant Immortal and even True Immortal experts understood almost at once what had happened, as well as its significance.

This was perhaps the first person in the modern history of the world to break through the True Immortal realm to become a level nine True Venerated.

"But who on earth is this person?"

For one moment, a lot of cultivators asked this question in their hearts.

There hadn't even been the slightest sign that an advancement was about to happen; it was too strange!

Elsewhere, President Bai, who successfully replaced Night Ghost Spirit Emperor as the new leader of Night Chief, had an ugly expression on his face.

Someone had become a True Venerated...

This was definitely bad news for Night Chief.

And most importantly, Dao Master Wang's whereabouts were currently unknown - who knew where he was.

He said he was going to teach the thief a lesson, but there was neither hair nor hide of him after he left...

As for Ultimate King of Killers, President Bai had just received intelligence that the other man had failed in his operation, and furthermore had suffered a crushing defeat.

Deep inside him, President Bai felt a little uneasy, but he couldn't pinpoint what was wrong, exactly.

Who on earth had become a level nine True Venerated?

For one moment, this was the question asked all around the world.

And the answer to this riddle was right in front of all the major sect leaders, General Yi, and Marshal Jiang at the dinner banquet.

The explosion of Heavenly Dao had sounded right after Lord Thunder ate a mouthful of Heavenly Dao broccoli salad. Then, under everyone's astonished gazes, Lord Thunder turned into light!

For one moment, all the guests covered their eyes.

This was the radiance of Heavenly Dao, which burned far more fiercely than a solar flare. Neither General Yi nor Marshal Jiang could clearly see through this light to what Lord Thunder looked like now. Even Sect Leader Su Xing of Palm Sect, who had unwittingly awoken Heavenly Dao, couldn't clearly see what was happening. The number of Heavenly Dao he had awakened was limited, so he was unable to see through appearances to the essence of things.

Marshal Jiang covered his eyes, feeling like he was going to be blinded by the light. "Old Yi, can it be..."

"There's no mistake..." General Yi said, "Both of us are well aware of Senior Immortal's strength, but I never expected him to actually comprehend Heavenly Dao merely by relying on a piece of broccoli, and then climb up to True Venerated level..."

"Level nine True Venerated... Senior Immortal achieved it, just like that?" Marshal Jiang was utterly shaken. "But wouldn't this..."

"I know what you're worried about."

General Yi knew that Marshal Jiang was worried about the True Immortal Convention. The convention did say that all True Immortals weren't allowed to advance to Venerated Immortal level, the underlying reason being that it would deplete the Earth of its intrinsic spirit energy. However, the convention never said that one couldn't advance to True Venerated level! Even disregarding the fact that it was an in-between realm, it didn't violate any rules at all. The most important thing, moreover, was that Lord Thunder's advancement to True Venerated level hadn't drawn on any of the Earth's spirit energy at all!

If he had, there would definitely have been a large flood of spirit energy, and even a destructive spatial vortex; thus, cultivators about to advance to Venerated Immortal level would usually find an uninhabited place to carry out the process alone.

It seemed that Lord Thunder had truly advanced by virtue of a single piece of broccoli...

Even though a lot of people were unwilling to accept this fact.

When the light faded, a dumbstruck Lord Thunder realized that the True Venerated mark was imprinted on the back of both his hands, and he looked blankly at all the guests, who wore equally dumbstruck expressions.

"It's the True Venerated mark! On Senior Immortal's hands and his forehead! He has the mark!" someone then exclaimed.

Only then did Lord Thunder yell "damn" in his heart...

He actually broke through!

His heart surged with all kinds of emotions for a moment, and there were even tears in the corners of his eyes.

As expected, Old Senior Wang didn't trick me!

He, a petty Soul Formation cultivator, had actually shot to the top in the blink of an eye, surpassing True Immortal to reach the True Venerated realm...

Speaking of which, it seemed no one had reached the True Venerated realm before in modern history?

Lord Thunder wiped his tears.

He was touched from the depths of his soul.

From the moment he started cultivating, Lord Thunder had in fact acknowledged the truth that he actually wasn't as gifted as the rumors made him out to be. It took him nearly two thousand years to reach the Soul Formation stage. While this might seem fast, only Lord Thunder himself knew how much effort had gone into it.

He had once even thought that he had no hope of breaking through the Soul Formation stage in his lifetime.

Until... he met his most beloved Brother Ling!

And the old seniors of the Wang family!

After his visit to the Wang family's small villa, when Old Man Wang had ladled out a bowl of tomato egg drop soup and picked up a broccoli with his chopsticks to give to Lord Thunder, the latter felt that his state of mind had changed since then... He felt that he should be more broad-minded! He should drum up enough courage to face life head-on!

What did tomato egg drop soup mean?

Old Senior Wang was telling him, only what was ordinary was real 1 !

1(From "average" 平平淡淡, where and the word for egg 蛋 share the same pinyin, "dan.") What did broccoli mean?

Old Senior Wang was telling him that he should have the heart to overcome difficulties like in Journey to the West , so that he could pick beautiful flowers on the other side 2 !

2(Broccoli in Chinese 西兰花 literally translates to "western orchid flower .. ") At that moment, Lord Thunder finally understood the meaning of these two dishes!

Heavenly Dao broccoli was really too mystical!

"Senior Immortal, you..."

A lot of people were startled when they saw Lord Thunder wipe his tears.

Lord Thunder reined in his emotions slightly and again picked up a piece of broccoli with his chopsticks and put it in his mouth. "Ay, I didn't expect to finally break through today after eating this Heavenly Dao broccoli daily! It's not a big deal, everyone, help yourself..."

The guests, who originally had no appetite at all, started to gorge themselves.

Some of the sect leaders even stopped using their chopsticks... and ate with their bare hands!

After that day...

Heavenly Dao broccoli became the Office of Strategic Deception's top seller, accounting for seventy percent of the sect's profits...





Chapter 830 Wang Zhen's Distress


It was August 9th on Wednesday in the fifteenth week of the semester.

The day after the Office of Strategic Deception announced its establishment and had a smooth founding ceremony, the news that Ultimate King of Killers would be given the death penalty straightaway shook the whole country.

Not long after he was taken back, his memories were completely extracted; given King of Killers's personality, he wouldn't say anything in an interrogation, right up to his death.

Forcibly extracting memories was something that could only be done on the most heinous prisoners on death row, otherwise it was a violation of a person's personal rights.

The reason why Ultimate King of Killers's memories were extracted so smoothly was ultimately because Wang Ling had sealed off his power in the end, leaving Ultimate King of Killers powerless to struggle.

As an old adversary, General Yi understood this Ultimate King of Killers too well; this was a very tough person.

If his strength wasn't restricted, he might even destroy his own brain without hesitation.

In the conference room for the Ten Generals at the Huaxiu Alliance building.

"In any case, this is all thanks to Lord Thunder's help this time." General Yi sighed.

This time, General Yi and Marshal Jiang had witnessed an ample, preliminary demonstration of Lord Thunder's battle strength. As for why they called it a preliminary demonstration, that was because the gap in their strengths was so obvious that it felt like Lord Thunder hadn't used all of his at all.

The most pivotal thing was that he had terrifyingly precise and skillful mastery over his power... This absolutely wasn't something that an ordinary person could do.

"Who would have thought we hit the nail on the head this time. It is this Lord Thunder who is the strongest, when we were so focused on that Ling Zhenren and Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch before. It seems they were just a cover for Senior Immortal." Marshal Jiang also sighed feelingly. "This time, Senior Immortal chose to directly become a True Venerated in public during the founding ceremony; he's already demonstrating to the world that he's a man who will do great things, and will certainly raise the Office of Strategic Deception to great heights."

"So, in the end, the head of state truly had unique foresight."

President Qi nodded. "It's only because of the head of state's command that Huaxiu Alliance has a share in the Office of Strategic Deception's investment plan. When it expands again in the future... the results will be unimaginable."

After saying this, President Qi fell silent and didn't go on to elaborate.

But in fact, the Ten Generals' hearts were as clear as a mirror.

It could only be said that not only was Lord Thunder an expert, he was also a meticulous person. He wanted the Office of Strategic Deception to grow into the number one Sky-level sect, but couldn't break away from Huaxiu Alliance's restrictions. Thus, when he accepted the investment from Huaxiu Alliance, he was in fact taking the initiative to set up a collaboration with Huaxiu Alliance.

Now, Huaxiu Alliance occupied a pretty prominent position in the Office of Strategic Deception's plan for future development.

And this also put a stop to rumors in the outside world that the Office of Strategic Deception was going to become a country within a country...

Besides, if Lord Thunder hadn't helped to stop that Ultimate King of Killers, their standing as the Ten Generals might have suffered a blow.

"Now that everyone is a family, we must first think of a way to explain Senior Immortal's advancement to True Venerated level to the rest of the world," President Qi said.

This was the main purpose for the Ten Generals' gathering this time.

Given that he had become a True Venerated, there were already a lot of people in the outside world, especially abroad, who were denouncing Lord Thunder.

But the fact was that Lord Thunder's advancement hadn't violated the True Immortal Convention at all.

"Then what is Senior Immortal's attitude toward this?" asked Explosion Saint, who was ranked first in terms of strength among the Ten Generals.

"He has yet to issue a statement..." President Qi shook his head.

"Perhaps this is a test?" Explosion Saint raised his eyebrows.

"Given Senior Immortal's tolerant personality, he was so low-key before that even we were almost mistaken, but he chose to break through at the sect's founding ceremony. Personally, I think it was mainly because of us... If it wasn't because he acted to protect Blademaster and Battle Saint, I'm guessing Senior Immortal would have continued hiding his strength..." Explosion Saint sighed deeply. "I feel that we owe him a big favor!"

"That's why even if Senior Immortal has yet to clarify his attitude, we still need to deal with it carefully." President Qi said, "In the future, we may need to seek help from Senior Immortal, so we have to settle this properly. Of course, there might be another reason why Senior Immortal hasn't replied: there were too many of us when we escorted King of Killers away yesterday, so Senior Immortal might have felt that we didn't give him face, and he's angry because of it..."

"Angry? How can that be... This old man will ask him!"

General Yi texted Lord Thunder: "Senior Immortal, are you angry?"

After the dinner banquet yesterday, Lord Thunder had added the two of the Ten Generals, General Yi and Marshal Jiang, on WeChat.

Everyone: "..."

When Lord Thunder received the text, he was feeling distressed over public opinion and comments on him in international news.

He had been eating broccoli for so long, but who knew he would break through so abruptly yesterday...

Angry?

Reading General Yi's text, Lord Thunder felt slightly overwhelmed by favor when he replied, "Angry? No, no I'm not!"

Lord Thunder was still deeply respectful of the Ten Generals.

After all, he was just a baby with just over two thousand years of cultivation...

But the Ten Generals all had thousands of years of cultivation; they were seniors who far surpassed him, having weathered life's great storms and billows!

...

While the Ten Generals were thinking of a way to handle the issue with Lord Thunder, and Lord Thunder was feeling distressed over the sect and the international news, there was another person who was feeling the same way, and that was Wang Zhen...

Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch was preparing for the important final exams, so his questions for Wang Zhen had been put aside for the moment. All of Wang Zhen's strength was restricted. He was staying at Wei Zhi's place as he helped raise the animals and spent his days over and over breathing in the smell of cats and stroking them...

But this couldn't calm Wang Zhen down.

He genuinely believed he was by and large mistaken about the thief.

And the most important thing was that the young miss of the Liu family was still in a coma...

Wang Zhen's feelings were a little complicated at this thought.

In fact, he hoped she would wake up, because if the Liu family knew that in order to find him in the world below, their darling daughter had hidden herself in a kun's belly to secretly follow him, and had fallen into a deep coma because of it, the Liu family would definitely skin him!

Having said that, Wang Zhen also hoped this Miss Liu would calm down a little after she woke up...

There could be no love between them!

But why was this Miss Liu pursuing him so relentlessly?

Wang Zhen had heard before in the world above that she had a crush on him, but he never expected her to be this obsessed.

Wasn't he just handsome, strong, and rich?

How was that his fault?





Chapter 831 The Kun Belly Girl Awakens


Wang Zhen had always been very conceited growing up. The Wang family was an illustrious one on Nine-fold Star. For years, it was always in the top three of aristocratic families on Nine-fold Star, and basically occupied second place. Even if there were times when it fell to third place, it would quickly return to second place. The aristocratic family in first place was the Gu family, whose eldest young master had always been Wang Zhen's sworn enemy.

Wang Zhen challenged the Gu family's eldest young master countless times, but was defeated in each and every instance.

The Liu family ranked lower than the Wang family, but was still seventh on the list. The reason why the Wang family had chosen to join hands with the Liu family through marriage this time was in fact to challenge the Gu family's dominant and ever expanding status on Nine-fold Star.

Actually, it wasn't like Wang Zhen couldn't understand the older generation's behavior. After all, the Wang family also once ruled Nine-fold Star as the top dog for a long period of time. It was just that they fell into low straits for a time, and it was during this period that the Gu family abruptly rose to power.

The Wang family elders were dissatisfied with how shaky the Wang family's position had been for so long as well as with the criticism from outside. It was natural that they had to find a way to reconsolidate their position.

As the eldest son of the Wang family's younger generation, Wang Zhen naturally had to shoulder important responsibilities.

And that was to form an alliance through marriage...

This was the quickest way the Wang family elders could currently think of to increase their strength.

Besides, Miss Liu Qingyi of the Liu family was quite beautiful, dignified and graceful. According to what the Wang family elders told Wang Zhen in the beginning, the most outstanding part of Miss Liu Qingyi was that her two legs were like white frozen treats, and anyone who saw them couldn't help wanting to give them a lick...

"Still thinking about that Miss Liu?" In the living room, Wei Zhi saw Wang Zhen's listless and distressed face.

Wang Zhen gazed without expression at the LCD TV, which was playing a live broadcast of this year's S888 League of Legends season final. Wang Zhen thought it was very dull. Huaxiu's IG team this year was too strong, routing everyone and thrashing them.

It had still been the first game when Wang Zhen started watching, but even without doing the math, he knew it was going to end in 3:0.

Ay...

Dull!

Just like a marriage alliance!

Dull!

After living together for two days, Wei Zhi probably knew more about Wang Zhen than anyone else.

When Wang Zhen had been sent over at first, Immortal Toya had already shared everything he knew with Wei Zhi.

Wei Zhi was now one of their own people. Wang Zhen was now on Earth and didn't have a place to stay, so since Immortal Toya needed Wei Zhi's help, he naturally had to let Wei Zhi know who he was helping and why.

Wei Zhi was a good man, but he wasn't a "yes" man.

Actually, Wei Zhi sympathized with Wang Zhen's plight. It was already the year 8102 1 , yet arranged marriages still existed.

1(A Chinese meme referring to something outdated..) Wang Zhen had to marry a girl he didn't like, and according to the rules of a marriage alliance, they had to have a kid together.

Previously, Wang Zhen had described it to Wei Zhi like it was simply a disaster.

"Cheer up." Wei Zhi patted Wang Zhen on the shoulder and said, "Can't you give it a go with Miss Liu?"

"No way..." Wang Zhen shook his head. "Do you know how happy the Liu family elders were at finding out that our Wang family wants to ally with them through marriage? Every single one of them rolled around on the floor like mantis shrimps and couldn't stop laughing."

Wei Zhi: "..."

Wang Zhen sighed. "The thing I couldn't accept the most was that they actually knocked Miss Liu out and placed her in my bedroom."

Wei Zhi was shocked. "You... you didn't do anything, did you?"

Wang Zhen gave Wei Zhi a look and shook his head. "While I, Wang Zhen, might be a little frivolous on occasion, I wouldn't go so far as to lay a hand on a girl. I'm a gentleman!"

"You're lying." Wei Zhi stared at Wang Zhen.

Wang Zhen: "???"

"Pushing Large Butterfly told me," Wei Zhi said. "Pushing Large Butterfly's wings can sense faint vibrations in the air. When a person is lying, their breathing changes. So, you and that Miss Liu..."

"I swear I didn't touch her..."

Wang Zhen gave up and raised his hands. "I just don't feel anything for her."

Wei Zhi understood. "In other words, if it was a girl you like, you would have done something, right?"

"..."

Wang Zhen felt like he had fallen into a trap.

And he couldn't refute at all!

But it was undeniably true that he felt nothing for Liu Qingyi at the time.

Reasonably speaking, Wang Zhen thought that if he saw a girl he really liked, even if he wouldn't do anything especially vulgar or shady, he should at the very least be aroused!

As a man full of energy and vitality, to actually not be aroused by the sight of a pretty girl... didn't that mean he didn't feel anything for her?

But then again, Wang Zhen had never really fallen in love before.

From his limited memories of his childhood, he only recalled both his parents beating him up in order to stimulate his physique. It got better as he grew older, but Wang Zhen remembered how controlling his parents were when he was a child. He had no idea what puppy love was before, since once he started looking at pretty girls in school, his parents already became nervous.

Furthermore, to prevent him from falling in love, they put him in a puppy love treatment center.

The Treatment Unit Number 13 from back then was still vivid in Wang Zhen's memory.

But unfortunately, this puppy love treatment center closed down after he was admitted.

That was because when they were going to use electrotherapy on Wang Zhen, those large men couldn't hold him down at all! Furthermore, the puppy love therapist, whose surname was Yang, made Wang Zhen so angry that he smashed the man head first into the ground. In doing so, Wang Zhen liberated all the children who had been admitted into the center, and each of them had a go at shocking the man with the surname Yang with electricity...

After that day, Wang Zhen's parents made a huge decision — they decided to do it themselves! They wouldn't entrust it to other people again!

...

While Wang Zhen was still complaining to Wei Zhi, there were new developments on Chrysanthemum Island.

Jin Shi and Yin Shi had been keeping watch at Liu Qingyi's side. In the last two days, she had started making more and more small movements, starting with her fingers, while her eyelids would now flutter from time to time.

"It looks like it won't be long before she wakes up." Immortal Toya opened both of Miss Liu's eyelids to check her pupils.

" Shifu , what's her condition like now?" Jin Shi asked in a very young voice.

"Miss Liu is pretty much fine now. She's completely recovered from her deep coma. She'll wake up in maybe two or three days? Or maybe the next second..."

As soon as Immortal Toya said the words —

The eyes of this kun belly girl before him suddenly shot open and she sat up straight, like a dying zombie that had been startled into sitting up.





Chapter 832 When a Woman Pursues a Man, There's Only a Veil Between Them


The young girl who woke up from her coma was surprisingly composed, as if she knew what had happened as well as even the ins and outs of her situation.

"How long... have I been unconscious?" Miss Liu turned to ask Immortal Toya next to her.

She felt her legs. They were slightly numb given that she had been lying in bed for so long. Although Jin Shi and Yin Shi massaged her muscles to relax them every day, they still tingled.

That was because Miss Liu's coma had been a pretty severe one approaching a vegetative state, which tended to happen to cultivators. In a coma, the body's meridians would become blocked and spirit energy wouldn't be able to circulate throughout the body. A person's golden core thus wouldn't be able to rotate on its own, and even the nascent soul would start to become dormant.

More importantly, this Miss Liu was originally an inhabitant of the Domain of the Gods, so she required a tremendous amount of spirit energy to begin with. However, she directly fell into a coma after coming to the world below. In addition, the spirit energy on Earth was relatively thin, which further aggravated the symptoms of her coma.

Therefore, in addition to the combined massages by Jin Shi and Yin Shi, Immortal Toya also used acupuncture needles as part of the treatment to clear Miss Liu's meridians and manually circulate spirit energy; the fact that she could directly sit up straight like this was the result of their efforts.

If she had lain for so long without being tended to, Miss Liu would only have been able to use her thoughts to move every muscle in her body... just like the heroine in the movie Kill Bill .

"It's already been more than a month since Miss Liu was rescued."

Immortal Toya smiled as gently as possible. He didn't want to startle Miss Liu, but she seemed quite stolid. Furthermore, she was acting as if they knew each other.

At that moment, she was massaging her slender legs with her hands. Spirit light flickered intermittently in her hands. Because she hadn't used spirit energy in a long time, some of her meridians weren't completely connected, which was in fact a normal phenomenon.

"Mm, that's pretty much what I expected! Thank you, Immortal Toya!" Miss Liu said.

"How does Miss Liu know me?"

"Actually, I was already conscious a few hours ago, but I couldn't open my eyes at all. Just from listening to your two disciples chattering on the side, I know where I am and what happened," said Miss Liu.

Immortal Toya was dazed...

Awake for a few hours already...

He sweated a little.

Thankfully, it wasn't a few days ago!

Otherwise, if Wang Zhen were here, wouldn't this Miss Liu pounce on him right away?

"I know that Miss Liu used the kun to come to the world below for the sake of feelings, right?" Immortal Toya opened his mouth.

"You know that, too?" Miss Liu was surprised.

Immortal Toya usually wasn't someone who meddled in other people's business.

But after the last time Lord Thunder came to Chrysanthemum Island, and Immortal Toya had mistakenly thought that he had a partner because of the Soul Suppression Ring, which was followed by a series of embarrassing events... Immortal Toya was surprised to discover that he seemed to have potential as a matchmaker!

Feelings were something that could be cultivated!

Was there anyone who was born with feelings right away?

Even in Senior Ling Zhenren's case, it was only after he ate crispy noodle snacks a few times that he became obsessed with them!

In Immortal Toya's opinion, Wang Zhen and Miss Liu were a perfect match!

"We actually know a fair bit about Miss Liu. There's an Almighty in our world... He's called Senior Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch. He can perceive a lot of things." Immortal Toya waved his hand as he motioned for Jin Shi and Yin Shi to leave first. He then pulled out a chair and sat down to start talking with Miss Liu.

Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch?

Miss Liu carefully searched her memory for this Daoist name.

Her scope of understanding couldn't be considered narrow, but she truly didn't have an impression of this name...

But this Dao Monarch had figured out her feelings; it looked like he indeed was a real big shot!

"Then, what do you think about these feelings?" Miss Liu asked directly, and didn't dodge the issue.

"A lot of times, even if the feelings are mutual, forcing the issue is certainly bad. Given Wang Zhen's appearance, there's probably a lot of people pursuing him, so I believe Daoist Wang Zhen has seen countless women... So it may be very difficult to move him through common means."

Miss Liu thought for a while and then nodded. "That's true! Go on!"

She had fought Wang Zhen before, and he was indeed thick and rough - she couldn't move him at all when she hit him! Furthermore, he saw through all her arts and techniques, and so was able to effortlessly decipher her various moves, which embarrassed her deeply; presumably, this had a lot to do with the fact that he had seen countless women.

But Wang Zhen himself didn't know she was the one fighting him, since she concealed her identity before deliberately going off to find him. To this day, Wang Zhen still didn't know why a madman would suddenly put him in a strongarm lock from behind whenever he left the house...

"So when you deal with Daoist Wang Zhen, I feel that Miss Liu should take his preferences into account. Some people can be coerced but not persuaded, and vice versa."

"Are you saying I should give him a present? Why should I?" Miss Liu was a little blank.

Immortal Toya smiled a little. "Love should be mutual. Miss Liu, you need to understand the everlasting truth: when a woman pursues a man, there's only a veil between them 1 . Even if Daoist Wang Zhen doesn't like you now, if you put in a little more effort, you'll be able to move him sooner or later."

1(Part of a Chinese phrase which is basically saying that it's easier for a woman to pursue a man than vice versa ..) When Immortal Toya said this, Miss Liu's eyes suddenly widened and she looked at Immortal Toya blankly, an unfathomable expression on her face.

Immortal Toya sweated. "Did I say something wrong?"

"No, no, no... There's nothing wrong with what you said."

Miss Liu was dazed. "But somehow I feel that Immortal Toya and I... are talking about two different things."

Immortal Toya: "Didn't you come here because you were chasing Wang Zhen?"

Miss Liu: "That's right! I'm chasing him! That's why I hid inside the belly of a kun he was raising."

Immortal Toya: "Then..."

Miss Liu: "But I didn't say that I'm chasing him because I like him, did I? When did I say I want to marry him?"

Immortal Toya: "Huh???"

Miss Liu: "It's the elders who want me to marry him to unite our families. I was forced! I don't like him at all! He's good-looking, but he's not my type! I have no feelings for him! But our elders decided on their own and fixed our wedding date, which was annoying! So I came up with a brilliant idea! I decided to sneak into the belly of a kun he was raising, chase him to the world below, and then look for an opportunity to kill him! When a woman pursues a man, there's only a veil between them! When a woman hammers a man, there's only a kun between them!"

Immortal Toya: "..."





Chapter 833 Immortal Toya's Unconventional Matchmaking Methods


Immortal Toya never thought the truth would turn out to be like this...

Immortal Toya: "So... the real reason why Miss Liu has been chasing Wang Zhen, is all for beating him up?"

Miss Liu kneaded her legs with an "as it should be" expression on her face. "Of course! Otherwise?"

Immortal Toya: "..."

Miss Liu: "Wang Zhen that guy doesn't think I'm pursuing him, does he? That's so narcissistic! It's true that my Liu family isn't ranked as high as the Wang family, but he should know that back then when our Liu family was strong, we were able to make it into the top three on the list, and almost overthrew the Wang family so that they almost fell from their superior position. His Wang family is indeed amazing - it's said that the Wang family's very first head was the founder of Nine-fold Star. But the Wang family now isn't superior enough to rule, and there's a big gap between them and the Gu family ranked first. His Wang family should have the clearest idea of the reason for this! Isn't it because their younger generations never thought about moving forward, relying instead on their family's hegemonic position to piss around until they die? They think their family can rule forever! In the end, the Wang family's power collapsed at some point, which was when they fell into a slump. Only then did the Wang family really take things seriously."

Immortal Toya: "Eh..."

Immortal Toya didn't quite understand the power struggle between families on Nine-fold Star, but he was quite interested in it as he listened to Miss Liu. The most crucial thing was that he realized he couldn't interrupt her at all. Miss Liu had been in a coma for too long, and had never been able to give vent to the depression she had suppressed in her heart for so long. Now that she was talking about it, she couldn't stop.

"But by the time the Wang family started to take it seriously, it was already too late. In the beginning, the gap between the Gu family and the Wang family wasn't big. When the Wang family fell into a slump, the Gu family was able to surpass them several times, and finally took the supreme position, knocking the Wang family off their pedestal."

Liu Qingyi chuckled, an unbridled look in her eyes. "And so the Wang family will ally with our Liu family through marriage. The word outside is that when our Liu family found out about the marriage alliance, we were like a grandson seeing his granddad, and so happy to hug the Wang family's thigh. But in my view, we are the granddad and the Wang family the grandson! And this Wang Zhen is completely a little brother!"

Immortal Toya: "..."

Liu Qingyi: "So my number one reason for coming to the world below this time is to kill Scoundrel Cao 1 ... no, kill Scoundrel Wang!"

1(Refers to Cao Cao, the Chancellor of the Han Dynasty who laid the foundations for the future kingdom of Wei ..) When Miss Liu said this, Immortal Toya noticed that her legs seemed to be pretty much recovered. She was now doing forward bends on the bed and was so flexible that her elbows could touch her toes.

Immortal Toya sighed and felt that it was such a pity. This was such a nice girl! Also, she wasn't an A-cup! They looked pretty impressive! She had fair skin and curves! Furthermore, she was so remarkably flexible, you were certain to unlock many new positions!

"Miss Liu, you just woke up, so it might take some time for your lower half to recover. I'll go get you a cup of tea for your blood circulation, which will speed up your recovery," Immortal Toya said.

Liu Qingyi didn't act like a stranger. "Thank you for taking care of me for so long! I'll be sure to pay you back later!"

Immortal Toya laughed. "With pleasure!"

In fact, pouring tea was secondary.

It was just that Immortal Toya needed to tell the other side that she had woken up...

In exchange for information on the Domain of the Gods, he had promised he would notify Wang Zhen if he had any updates or information on Liu Qingyi.

And then there was one more thing...

As the saying went, better to tear apart ten temples than a marriage.

Although they had no feelings for each other now, they really were a good match... Immortal Toya wanted to set them up.

Having come this far, they couldn't be pulled together through normal means.

Furthermore, Immortal Toya could see that both of them were a bit of the tsundere type...

What was the best way to deal with a tsundere?

Play hard to get!

But whether this succeeded or not would ultimately still depend on these two people's fate!

Leaving the treatment room, Immortal Toya looked up at the sky and sighed. He suddenly recalled that he wasn't a matchmaker, but an alchemist...

Well...

Whatever. In this world, there were a lot of people who were distracted from their work by other things.

...

Ten minutes later, Wang Zhen learned that Liu Qingyi had woken up. Furthermore, Immortal Toya relayed what she said after waking up, word for word, to Wang Zhen.

On the other end of the call, Wang Zhen's hand trembled as he gripped Wei Zhi's landline phone. "She... she really said that?"

Wei Zhi's face was dotted with sweat at this scene. It was a good thing Wang Zhen's strength was already sealed, otherwise Wei Zhi would have to directly write off his landline.

Immortal Toya: "Yes, that's exactly what Miss Liu said to me just now, word for word. You can relax now, Mr Wang Zhen, Miss Liu doesn't have any feelings for you, and even wants to kill you."

In the end, contrary to Immortal Toya's expectations, Wang Zhen blew up. "Fuck! What rubbish is this woman spouting?! How can my Wang family be the grandson? How can her Liu family be the granddad? If it wasn't for the financial aid from my Wang family back then, her Liu family wouldn't even be able to rank in the top ten!"

Immortal Toya: "Calm down first, Mr Wang Zhen, maybe Miss Liu was a little out of it after waking up."

"Hehe! This woman is simply playing with fire!"

Wang Zhen banged his fist on Wei Zhi's sofa. "You! Give her the phone! I'll talk to her myself!"

Immortal Toya: "But Mr Wang Zhen, didn't you say that you didn't want her to know you're here in the world below..."

Wang Zhen: "I thought she had a crush on me, I never thought that she wanted to kill me! Where does she get the guts? It looks like all the times I was ambushed in the world above was her doing! I have to get even with her! If I don't teach her a lesson, will she think I'm a pushover? Or you don't have to give her the phone; just tell her, we'll have an outright duel if she thinks she's up to it! Since she's a girl, I'll fight her with just one hand and one leg - I'll still beat her! If we duel, let Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch be our witness!"

Immortal Toya: "..."

Wang Zhen: "Don't space out! Go and tell her now!"

Immortal Toya: "Alright..."

...

Several minutes later.

In the treatment room, Miss Liu was so angry that she directly got out of bed, her soft breasts shaking violently. "Did... did he really say that?"

Immortal Toya: "Yes, that's exactly what Daoist Wang Zhen said to me just now, word for word. You can relax now, Miss Liu, Daoist Wang Zhen doesn't have any feelings for you, and even wants to fight you in a duel."

Everyone knew that it was human nature to repeat things.

Everything was going according to Immortal Toya's plan.

Miss Liu blew up. "Fuck! What rubbish is this man spouting?! When did my Liu family receive any assistance from the Wang family? That was a loan! Do you know what the turnover on a loan is? Our Liu family still had to pay back the money with interest! And we paid it off long ago! It's just a duel, right? Fine! Let's see who kills who! Immortal Toya, can you recommend a place? The best is if Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch's around, in case this dick pulls some dirty trick!"

Immortal Toya thought for a while before saying, "How about... Number 60 High School?"





Chapter 834 Wang Ling, Let's Go to KTV


Whether it was Wang Zhen or Liu Qingyi...

From his impression of these two people after initial contact, Immortal Toya realized that the inhabitants of the Domain of the Gods in the world above clearly shared pretty much the same line of thinking as the people in the world below. Specifically, the main thing was: when they were outstanding, they were outstanding; when they were tsundere, they were tsundere... After all, mankind in essence was actually the same.

The Domain of the Gods in the world above was alluring because it was a more advanced sphere for most cultivators. Since ancient times, whether it was ordinary people or cultivators, everyone constantly pursued something better, which was one of the main reasons why mankind always continued to evolve and adapt until now.

After hearing Wang Zhen's declaration of war, Liu Qingyi was enraged. "Fix the time with Wang Zhen! I can already feel all the blood boiling in my body, and it wants to come out! This Wang Zhen is such an egoistic and arrogant guy. Even talking big about using just one hand and one foot? Did I ask him to?"

"Don't be angry, Miss Liu..." Immortal Toya laughed. "The two of you calm down first, don't be impatient. For the sake of life experience, Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch is attending a Foundation Establishment high school. I'm afraid that your realms will have to be suppressed if you want to duel there, otherwise you'll put other people in danger..."

If two Almightys with realms higher than Venerated Immortal level fought at a Foundation Establishment high school, the students of Number 60 High might not even be able to stand under a mere release of their auras! At that moment, Number 60 High School would truly become a graveyard...

The main thing was that Immortal Toya still needed to find an opportunity to communicate with Wang Ling.

Now that Number 60 High School's first semester final exams were coming up, Immortal Toya was guessing that Wang Ling wouldn't be in the mood to deal with this. Wang Ling did previously say that he wanted to ask Wang Zhen about the Domain of the Gods. In the end, because of the exams, he had no time to pay attention to Wang Zhen, so he had left Wang Zhen at Wei Zhi's place all this time, and had stood him up until now.

In the end, it was still Wang Ling who had to make the arrangements.

As for setting it up to happen at Number 60 High, Immortal Toya had also thought about it.

The reason was very simple...

Because there was no one in the world below who would be able to suppress these two venerable gods at all...

...

It was August 10th on Thursday in the fifteenth week of the semester.

The final exams would start tomorrow on Friday and end on Sunday. This time, classes were suspended during the period, which meant that students wouldn't have lessons after each exam, and could go home to revise.

But the vast majority of students wouldn't use this time for revision... Number 60 High had a very tight schedule of lessons and activities this semester, and most of the students viewed the free time from the suspended classes as a way to relax after taking an exam.

After school was over, Wang Ling was contemplating how to keep his exam marks down the following day, while Guo Hao and several other classmates were already coming up with a stress relief plan for tomorrow.

Just as Wang Ling was about to make a break for it and leave the classroom, Guo Hao put a hand on his shoulder.

Wang Ling: "..."

Guo Hao: "My Ling! Why don't we go to KTV tomorrow?"

There was a KTV next to Number 60 High, and Wang Ling had heard that the boss used to be one of Number 60 High's students, so they could get special discounts. The student prices were dirt cheap and affordable even with just pocket money. Most KTVs nowadays had the Space Expansion Skill built in. There were small rooms and big rooms, and the price difference wasn't big or as inflated as in old-school KTVs.

The thing that cost the most in almost all KTVs nowadays was the service, but for students, they just wanted to sing their hearts out to decompress, which didn't cost much at all.

Of course, it really wasn't that Wang Ling begrudged the amount!

Was he that kind of person?

But one trip to KTV could buy him several crispy noodle snack packets...

As Wang Ling's deskmate, and after spending time with him throughout the semester, Guo Hao was actually well aware that Wang Ling was a little more introverted, and was probably the type who was reluctant to go out. But there weren't many boys in Grade One, Class Three to begin with, and Guo Hao had asked some of them earlier, who all said no.

Karaoke was only fun with more people!

Su Xiao suggested, "I asked Sun Rong and Lin Xiaoyu, but they said they were going window-shopping. Why don't we invite Fang Xing and Jiang Bai from Class Two?"

When he heard this name, Wang Ling suddenly froze, only remembering then that there was a girl called Sun Rong in their class. Hm... she was the eldest daughter of Huaguo Water Curtain Group (Insert official mocking here).

"That'll work!"

Chen Chao nodded, then put one hand on Wang Ling's other shoulder. "Wang Ling, I know you won't refuse us, will you?"

Wang Ling: "..."

This was a typical case of giving someone an impossible challenge...

But for the most part, Wang Ling knew the people going to KTV this time, so he could only agree...

And so, going to KTV was cheerfully decided on, just like that.

That evening, Guo Hao set up an independent group chat for KTV.

The members were the people who were going to KTV tomorrow.

It cost 48 HNY per person, which included lunch and a fruit platter.

This truly wasn't expensive at all, but after some calculation, Wang Ling realized he could buy a dozen or so crispy noodle snack packets with 48 HNY, so he still begrudged spending it a little.

A few minutes later, Chen Chao forwarded a piece of news to the group chat. "Oh my god! Wu Zhenjun's album?"

Su Xiao was blank. "Isn't Wu Zhenjun a teacher? How come he also released an album?"

Guo Hao chuckled. "After all, Wu Zhenjun is Irascible Dharmaraja Wu Yifan's disciple. Isn't it normal for him to carry on his shifu's legacy?"

At the Beast King's Remains summer camp not long ago, Wu Zhenjun had left a deep impression on all the students with the remarkable sound wave technique which he inherited from Irascible Dharmaraja Wu Yifan.

Wu Zhenjun was indeed an outstanding man...

Guo Hao: "Before he became a teacher, Wu Zhenjun debuted as an idol singer. Like his teacher, Irascible Dharmaraja Wu Yifan, the most distinctive features of his performance style is the use of quick musical tempos and electronic beats which numb the scalps of listeners (Note: The above content was copied and pasted from Qiandu Qianke 1 )."

1(A spin on Baidu Baike, like a Chinese version of Wikipedia.) Wang Ling clicked open the forwarded link from Chen Chao for a look.

He saw that some of Wu Zhenjun's songs were actually ranked very high, but a lot of doubts had been raised in the comments section.

"Who is Wu Zhenjun? How come I've never heard of this singer? Also, the entire album is electronic music, is that proper?"

"Were these numbers bought?"

"Begging Wu Zhenjun's fans to stop faking numbers 2 , or he will never know how to improve."

2(Kris Wu Yifan's fans used bots to download his songs to generate fake numbers and fake traffic, boosting the performance of his album ..) ...

Where there were skeptics, there were naturally fans defending him.

"How can you say that about Wu Wu?"

"Do you know how hard Wu Wu works? He had a fever of sixty degrees, but still stuck to his dream and did his best to sing!"

"So? Wu Wu took three years to prepare this album as a surprise for his fans. He did this for us! He sings electronic music so that we don't have to carry a rechargeable magic treasure on us when we go out, and everyone can be recharged by listening to his songs!"

Wang Ling: "..."

Seeing this, Wang Ling casually opened a song sample.

And the most unbelievable thing happened...

The electric charge in his watch actually slowly started to recover...





Chapter 835 Treatment Unit Number 13


It was August 11th on Friday in the fifteenth week of the semester.

The exams for the first day of Number 60's first semester final exams were on literature, Dao talismans and operating a spirit sword. The Dao talisman exam was straightforward, and mainly involved writing down application formulas and reaction equations, while the exam for operating a spirit sword tested each student's ability to control one.

It was compulsory for all Foundation Establishment high school students to skillfully master control of their spirit sword. Putting aside whether or not they could spawn their own sword spirit while in school, they had to know how to fly a sword by the time they graduated.

The requirements in Grade One right now were more relaxed. Students just had to be able to direct the sword when it left their hands, and doing so within a 100-meter range was considered an excellent performance.

Of course, this range was also related to realm. The farther away the sword was, the more spirit energy and stamina it consumed to control it. Generally speaking, the limit for a Foundation Establishment cultivator was between 150 meters and 200 meters; furthermore, they had to be specially trained to reach this limit. In the first year of high school, the best standard was 100 meters.

The range for a Golden Core cultivator was larger, from 1,000 meters to 3,000 meters.

Nascent Soul: 5,000 meters to 10,000 meters.

Soul Formation: 20,000 meters to 100,000 meters.

Given everyone's varying progress in cultivation, each person's range of control was different. Students who specialized in cultivating the spirit sword in university would have a much wider range of control after they graduated.

Blademaster General Yi was currently ranked first in terms of range of control of a spirit sword, and was the only one on the list whose range was over a million meters.

Of course, there were some experts among the people who disdained to participate in the ranking.

Like Wang Ling.

Suppressed by the talisman seal, Wang Ling could fly a sword from one planet to another.

He could even have Jingke go to the moon if he wanted.

Wang Ling had prepared well beforehand and was very confident when it came to these three exams.

Given Grade One, Class Three's overall learning situation, Wang Ling had predicted what everyone's scores would be, and ultimately set a target to keep his marks down to an average score of 125 for these final exams. All the subject papers were graded out of 150 marks.

125...

It was a perfect score.

Generally speaking, it was the kind of score that might make a parent frown, but all they could do was tell you to continue to work hard and get over 130 next time. A teacher certainly wouldn't have anything to say about this score: you couldn't say it was particularly bad, but it also wasn't worthy of praise.

So in the end, students who got this score would most likely be left out when the teacher announced the grades.

Thus, for Wang Ling, it wasn't the final exams that were hard, but the KTV that followed.

He had prepared various game consoles that Wang Ming had made for him, which performed better than whatever was on the market.

It wasn't that Wang Ling wanted to play games, but that he really didn't want to sing at KTV.

So he chose to become part of the glorious "play dead" group by keeping his head down and playing his game.

...

While Wang Ling had his own problems, elsewhere, Dharmaraja had also recently run into new trouble.

After the establishment of the Office of Strategic Deception, Dharmaraja resigned from his job at the Xiao Family Compound and put his heart and soul into becoming the leader of the Office of Strategic Deception's logistics team. When he quit, the person-in-charge at the Xiao Family Compound even gave him a bonus.

Of course, this bonus wasn't for Dharmaraja's sake, but because of the Office of Strategic Deception's reputation...

Everyone knew that as the chief of the Office of Strategic Deception, Lord Thunder had advanced to True Venerated level not long ago; the entire nation and abroad saw the Office of Strategic Deception's momentum on the day of their founding ceremony. No one would dare offend a sect with such powerful influence. Dharmaraja resigned from his job at the Xiao Family Compound to join the Office of Strategic Deception, but conversely, the Xiao Family Compound was very happy.

When HR recruited people in the future, they could use Dharmaraja as a gimmick to further expand their Xiao Family Compound's reputation — the park's infrastructure and logistical maintenance work had all been done by Lightning Dharmaraja, now the leader of the Office of Strategic Deception's logistics team. Although he had already resigned, he was in any case also a former employee of the Xiao Family Compound!

Of course, apart from freeloading off Dharmaraja's name, if the Xiao Family Compound and the Office of Strategic Deception could work together in the future, Dharmaraja would certainly be their point of contact.

This was how society functioned...

When you quit your job, you would still think fondly of your old workplace if they treated you well.

And so, Dharmaraja took a massive bonus with him when he left.

However, he didn't expect a huge problem to pop up after he left with the bonus.

There would always be colleagues at work who for some reason or other disliked you. Dharmaraja used to be the head of the logistics department. Now that he left, the people under him criticized him in all sorts of ways. The Xiao Family Compound management had a very clear attitude toward Dharmaraja's departure, giving him encouragement and support, and even an extra bonus. However, it was hard for Dharmaraja to stop people from shooting their mouths off... He didn't even know who he had offended at work before. In the last two days, there were posts everywhere on Weibo and in the cultivation forum slandering him.

At the moment, Dharmaraja was complaining to Immortal Toya.

"I just quit my job, but now the whole Internet is talking bad about me..."

"What's going on, little brother?" Immortal Toya smiled. "You probably offended someone in your old unit, didn't you?"

"I always thought my people skills were good..." Dharmaraja sighed.

"You may know a person's face, but not his heart. You just left, and already someone started talking bad about you. Looks like the frustration was gathering for some time, and it exploded all at once." Immortal Toya: "What are they saying about you?"

"Brother To, do you know there's another Dharmaraja on the Internet?"

"Mm... I remember something like that."

"Although I've always joked about that Dharmaraja, talking about electrotherapy for Internet addiction or whatnot... But I'm really not that Lightning Dharmaraja! I'm the successor of the godly thunder inheritance of the Thunder clan, and a genuine eight-star electrician! I'm licensed!"

Immortal Toya: "..."

Lightning Dharmaraja: "Brother To, you don't know, but there was word online before about a place called Treatment Unit Number 13, which had a psychiatrist who claimed that he had developed medical equipment that could help treat kids for Internet addiction. The truth, however, was that it was a lie; they were locked in a holding room and given electric shocks. If they didn't admit their mistakes, they continued to be shocked..."

"I know of this."

Immortal Toya frowned. "As far as I know, that Treatment Unit Number 13 didn't just treat children, but also took in a lot of adults. But wasn't it shut down later after it was exposed? Even that doctor's Weibo account was deleted."

Dharmaraja sighed. "It's precisely because it was deleted that it's giving me a headache! Also, I bet that place is most likely still operating... That bunch of people online are saying that I'm that electrotherapist's alternate account!!"

Immortal Toya: "..."





Chapter 836 Wang Zhen's Curse


Treatment Unit Number 13 was an online mystery that was rumored to have been shut down after it was exposed back then; in fact, this Internet addiction treatment center hadn't closed down.

Even as Dharmaraja complained to Immortal Toya, he was actually well aware that he could only suffer this abrupt online antagonism toward him in silence. Online users nowadays were too easily led around by the smallest public opinion, and there was a lot of resentment online toward the Internet addiction treatment center. Plenty of people, anonymous or otherwise, had posted long articles detailing their experiences upon entering this Net rehab center.

The parents who sent their children there all had the same traits. For example, they didn't have much education, they spoiled their children too much, they wanted to control their children too much, or they believed that as long as their children could be fixed, there was no harm in using a little force...

After this was exposed, Treatment Unit Number 13 was shut down a few years ago following public outcry, but the truth was that this mysterious treatment center had been running in secret the whole time...

...

A middle-aged man wearing an eye patch sat in his chair inside a dimly lit office, which already had some cracks in its gray wallpaper. His hair was thinning and he had a greasy middle-aged look about him. There was a slight depression in his skill, as well as scratches on his face, which were actually old wounds.

This was an office and also a treatment room.

The layout inside was very simple. Apart from an office table, there was a rectangular table made from black iron and covered in a thin plastic film, which looked very exquisite. Several shackles had been installed on the sides of the table for restraining movements.

The man didn't wait long at his office table before a young man slowly walked in. The young man was wearing an extraordinary Daoist robe in a very exotic style; it had layers upon layers of folds like Michelin tyres. Furthermore, two things that looked like antenna stuck out of the top of the young man's head.

"Welcome, Mr Long Ming, welcome..." Seeing that the young man had come, the middle-aged man quickly got up.

"The venue Dr Yang chose was deeply hidden; it took my master a while to find it." Long Ming raised his eyebrows and then asked, "Well, will you accept my master's conditions?"

"I have long heard of Venerable Bai's great name. Each of Venerable Bai's conditions was aimed at my weakness, so I have no reason to say no."

There was a bitter smile on the man's face. "It's just that someone already appraised my injury a long time ago, and concluded it can't be healed... Even with plastic surgery, I'll still slowly revert back to my current appearance. This is a hereditary injury. Honestly speaking, I'm very surprised that Venerable Bai actually has a way to treat it."

"Naturally, you don't have to worry about my master's strength."

Long Ming said, "But I have some questions about Dr Yang's injury. You say you were born with it?"

"Correct."

Yang Huai nodded. "Our family has been running this operation for forty-two generations. But in the thirty-sixth generation, my ancestor was severely beaten up: his face was scratched into a pulp, a lot of his hair was pulled out, and even his eyeballs were knocked out... I heard he was even kicked in the head at that time."

Long Ming: "..."

Yang Huai: "But that's the weird part. After my thirty-sixth generation ancestor, Yang Yong, was beaten up like that, my thirty-seventh generation ancestor Yang Xing was born with the same face... Since then, this hereditary disfigurement has been passed down like a curse until the forty-second generation, me. Until now, there has been no way to cure it."

"Then does Dr Yang have any impression of the man who kicked the dog head... ah, no, the head of your Yang family's thirty-sixth generation ancestor?" Long Ming frowned, feeling that it was odd.

If Yang Yong was simply beaten up, it shouldn't impact the next generation...

It was obvious that while he was being thrashed, he also suffered a curse.

But how many people in the world could cast such a powerful curse?

"I have very limited information on my ancestors. That's because my Net rehab center was vandalized repeatedly a few years ago, and some little bastards even set fire to my office when they left, burning almost all the information." Yang Huai sighed. "When my ancestors ran the Net rehab center back then, it was during its heyday, when it was a domineering force... Many sect leaders even relied on us to rectify the inappropriate behavior of some of their disciples. We didn't just treat Internet addiction; as long as there was something wrong with them, we could fix it."

Long Ming nodded, then turned his gaze to an unprepossessing-looking medical device on the side. "Is this the machine you use?"

"Mr Long Ming should have already experienced it in the big treatment room?" Yang Huai laughed wickedly.

"Yes." Long Ming nodded. "I tried it on the maximum setting earlier, but its effect wasn't obvious."

"Mr Long Ming's realm is very high, so naturally you felt nothing."

Yang Huai smiled, waved his hand, and said, "But that is just the lesser medical device. The ultimate medical device is the one here in my office which Mr Long Ming is looking at."

Long Ming: "Oh?"

"I once treated a cultivator at the Soul Formation stage with this device, which is the highest realm I've treated. Under my treatment, the electricity sent him to seventh heaven."

Speaking up to this point, his face suddenly became serious. "Art - that's what the electroshock is."

Long Ming asked curiously, "Why was he sent here?"

"People are sent to me for a variety of reasons, such as puppy love, or an obsession with mahjong or games - some even come to me because of unhappy marriages, for electrotherapy to fulfill their needs."

Yang Huai chuckled with a vulgar expression on his face. "That Soul Formation cultivator who was sent to me was actually a deputy sect leader at first, but unfortunately he didn't get along well with the sect leader as both of them always had different views on the sect's overall situation and the path it should take. But this deputy sect leader was always very cautious in handling matters, so the sect leader was never able to find any dirt on him. However, if you always walk on the river bank, how can your shoes not get wet?"

Long Ming: "Then how did he end up getting sent here?"

Yang Huai: "Last Mid-Autumn Festival, the sect wanted to send mooncakes to all their business partners, and the deputy sect leader was responsible for ordering them. Unexpectedly, he ordered several carloads of five-nut mooncakes."

Long Ming: "... What's wrong with five-nut mooncakes?"

Yang Huai: "Doesn't Mr Long Ming think that the five-nut filling is very disgusting? For example, I like the Po Li seaweed filling 1 !"

1(Refers to the widespread opinion online that five-nut mooncakes taste bad ..) Long Ming: "..."

Yang Huai: "Unfortunately for this deputy sect leader, he didn't have time to figure out what was going on. When he woke up, he was already on my treatment table. I still have the video, would Mr Long Ming like to watch it?"





Chapter 837 The Art of the Electroshock


Yang Huai had a habit of recording while carrying out the treatment. This wasn't because he wanted to enjoy the pain of his "patients," but purely because he wanted to do his best in his electrotherapy. In each treatment, the power output had to be manipulated in line with the different cultivator realms, and he used the videos to repeatedly make alterations.

Generally speaking, when the medical apparatus was activated, it caused pain, but not to the point of knocking a person out or killing them, which was the most ideal result.

Yang Huai knew that back when the treatment unit first opened, his ancestor hadn't modulated the power output of the medical device, and accidentally electrocuted several people to death, which put the treatment unit in a predicament for a while.

But every time something like this happened, the families of the other patients would ultimately suppress it.

Their view was that it was already hopeless for their children, so this kind of treatment was their only hope. As therapists who fixed abnormal behavior, Yang Huai's ancestors were at one point emperors in the treatment field due to the support of these families.

Gifts were sent over daily, and every day they soaked up the praise and worship. Even if someone came to stir up trouble, it would be strangled in the cradle by their "people." The Yang family never had to worry about anything except for treating their patients.

"This is valuable video data. Mr Long Ming, I hope you'll keep it to yourself after watching it." Yang Huai took out a DVD and smiled at Long Ming.

Although this Dr Yang was nowhere near as powerful as Long Ming, the latter couldn't help the shiver that ran through his body at the demonic curl of the other man's lips.

At the same time, Long Ming noticed that Yang Huai's DVDs were unique: they were made of a material that was resistant to fire and water, and even dust. The surface of each DVD was spotless.

When Yang Huai pushed a DVD into the player, he sighed. "Unfortunately, there wasn't this type of convenient technology in those days. Otherwise, the data my ancestors collected wouldn't have burned."

Long Ming kept silent and merely gazed at the screen.

The player very quickly finished reading the DVD.

A young man in a white short-sleeved shirt appeared on the screen.

If Yang Huai hadn't said it himself, it would have been very hard for Long Ming to believe that this was actually a Soul Formation deputy sect leader.

At that very moment, the young man's four limbs were being restrained by five big men: four held down his arms and legs, and one put a ball gag in his mouth so that he wouldn't bite his tongue during the treatment.

His wrists and ankles were promptly tied down.

"In any case, he was a strong Soul Formation cultivator, so I gave him special treatment. Besides restraining his movements with shackles and fetters, I had men hold him down," Yang Huai explained as he admired his work.

In the video, the medical apparatus used on the deputy sect leader was the very one in front of Long Ming.

It might appear nothing special to look at, but it contained terrifying power.

"Were you wrong?" Yang Huai spoke slowly in the video, his voice as cold as an ice cavern. In the quiet treatment room, there was only the clattering sounds of the deputy sect leader struggling against the restraints... as well as the faint electric buzz at the tip of the medical device's small stun gun.

"Take the gag out, let him speak," Yang Huai ordered the big man who had gagged the deputy sect leader.

Each treatment didn't take long, just ten to thirty seconds, but the deputy sect leader's head was already sweating. His face was deathly white, like a zombie that had just emerged from a coffin.

"It was him... who had you bring me here..." The deputy sect leader clearly had no idea what happened, but after waking up, he could roughly guess the current situation.

"Wrong answer."

Before the man finished asking his question, Yang Huai had already switched the apparatus back on.

An electric current straightaway flowed from the temple to the brain and down the brain stem to spread non-stop throughout the body from the spine.

Wisps of white smoke curled up from where he had been shocked.

"This is..." Through the screen, Long Ming unexpectedly caught a whiff of the smell of roasted meat.

"This is the latest recording technology; even smells can be preserved," Yang Huai replied.

Long Ming: "..."

In here, you had to answer all questions accurately; you had to reply to whatever question was asked, and your answer had to be correct, otherwise you would face the next round of treatment.

In the video, Yang Huai said again, "Mr Deputy Sect Leader, it would be better for you to admit your mistake as soon as possible. Of course, you can also choose to continue receiving treatment. After this first treatment course is over, you'll have a week to recover."

Yang Huai's hands paused and he withdrew the stun gun so that the young man was completely clear-headed and could understand every word Yang Huai said when the latter explained the situation to him.

Yang Huai: "In the first treatment course, you will receive compulsory and continuous treatment for thirty days. For the first ten days, you will be shocked with electricity for 3,600 seconds each day. Once you get used to it, the amount of time will increase from 3,600 seconds to 7,200 seconds."

The deputy sect leader was silent for a moment before he said, "Is this treatment or extorting a confession, ZZZ, ZZZ, ZZZ..."

Before he could finish speaking, there was the sound of an electric current again: ZZZ...

"Were you wrong?"

"Five-nut mooncakes are really delicious!"

ZZZ...

"Do you still dare talk back to Mr Sect Leader in the future?"

"I'm the deputy sect leader, he has no right to do this to me! Karma will get him, and he'll answer to the board!!"

ZZZ...

"You actually like five-nut mooncakes, you heretic! You're just as blind as those people who eat salty beancurd or fruit pancakes with youtiao !"

ZZZ...

"You devil! You'll get what's coming to you sooner or later!"

"You actually dare struggle? I'll make you struggle then... go on and struggle..."

ZZZ ZZZ...

Long Ming: "..."

After who knew how many times, the deputy sect leader finally fainted after countless electroshocks. By then, Long Ming could already smell something that seemed like steak.

At that moment, the big men loosened their hold.

Because the deputy sect leader had already passed out.

"Dr Yang, are we going too far? Actually, I think five-nut mooncakes are alright..."

"You heretic, do you also want to be treated?"

"..."

"But Dr Yang, it seems that this Mr Deputy Sect Leader is already cooked..."

Yang Huai leaned over to take a sniff. He then stuck out his tongue to lick the young man's cheek. "Mm, about medium rare."

Everyone: "..."

Yang Huai: "Wake him up with an injection and continue with the treatment. We took in so many patients recently, our food expenses are through the roof. Hm... To save money, if the deputy sect leader's treatment continues to fail and he ends up cooked by the electric shocks... he'll become food rations."

"..."





Chapter 838 Mo Immortal Castle's Bait-and-Hook


Everyone knew that before Mo Immortal Castle was officially absorbed into the Office of Strategic Deception's intelligence team, it had been the largest underground intelligence network in Songhai city, and was famous in the industry for selling information on the cultivation world... Of course, before Mo Immortal Castle was absorbed, Lord Thunder and several of the major team leaders at the Office of Strategic Deception's management level discovered a very important pattern.

They realized that any organization that bought intelligence from Mo Immortal Castle was ultimately caught...

So after discussion, everyone felt that Mo Immortal Castle couldn't withdraw from their base in Songhai city even though it had officially been absorbed into the Office of Strategic Deception, and that their underground information business should continue. Of course, this was on the basis that everything proceeded under the strict joint surveillance of the Office of Strategic Deception and Huaxiu Alliance; what intelligence could be disclosed and what could not, and whether the intelligence could be sold - it would be the Office of Strategic Deception that made the final decision.

The intelligence sold would be a lure for catching big fish so that Huaxiu Alliance could crack down further on the dark forces.

But this situation couldn't last long. Most people had no idea about Mo Immortal Castle being absorbed into the Office of Strategic Deception, but no one could guarantee that this fact would never come to light. Once that happened, they would no longer be able to use this bait-and-hook approach.

So before that, they had to at least catch a few big fish.

The Dark Network's founder and several major dark force leaders were currently still at large, and were key targets whom Huaxiu Alliance had issued bounties for among the light forces.

After the close of the incident with Ultimate King of Killers, General Yi and the others had a feeling that this year might be the most fruitful one yet. Thanks to Ultimate King of Killers's influential position in the Dark Network as well as among the dark forces, his end was bound to have a major impact on the whole underground Dark Network and the dark forces network.

Of course, rice could only be eaten one mouthful at a time, a road traveled one step at a time, and characters written one stroke at a time.

All this was work that could only unfold slowly.

It was August 12th on Saturday in the fifteenth week of the semester.

It was the second day of the first semester final exams at Number 60 High School.

Countdown to the end of the semester: one day.

Countdown to Wang Ling's high school graduation: roughly 500 days.

(Countdown to the end of this novel... depends on the author's mood...)

Guo Hao wasn't in a good mood after the exams today, and almost seemed a little depressed.

Chen Chao: "Screwed up?"

Guo Hao: "Shut up!"

Chen Chao: "..."

Recently, Guo Hao realized that Chen Chao's mouth seemed a little blessed.

If someone else said that he screwed up, Guo Hao would just take it as a joke, but when Chen Chao opened his mouth, Guo Hao instantly panicked.

Chen Chao raised his hands in surrender. "I was wrong... bro... You did great in the exams! Over 90 in all your subjects!"

Guo Hao breathed a sigh of relief. "Great! It's all good, all good..."

But on second thought, Guo Hao felt something wasn't right... They were using the 150-marks system now!

Dammit!

This milk mouth 1 ...

1(From the popular Chinese buzzword "poisonous milk" in games, which refers to how the more someone is encouraged, the more likely they'll lose ..) Guo Hao put his hand over his heart, instantly feeling like he had a heart attack.

When he played his game tonight, don't tell him his keyboard would also spill milk?

Guo Hao sighed. "I have an uncle I'm close to, who actually isn't very old, but his family is forcing him to get married... Don't you think that sucks?"

Su Xiao asked, "How does your uncle feel about it?"

Guo Hao: "Of course he doesn't want to! He hasn't played enough; it's so free, being a single man! Why does he have to settle down so early?"

"Why are you unhappy that your uncle is being forced to get married? Don't tell me..."

Chen Chao took a deep breath. "Are you... Geez! I always thought you were straight!"

"Nonsense! Of course I'm straight! I'm unhappy because my pocket money has always been from this uncle! If he gets married, it's likely my pocket money will be given to his girlfriend!" Guo Hao sighed. "I just used the pocket money he gave me to buy Red Dead Redemption 2 two days ago... If he gets a girlfriend in the future, who'll buy me games?!"

Wang Ling: "..."

This reasoning made too much sense!

"And that's not the worst part." Guo Hao frowned. "Have you heard? That Net rehab center that was shut down two years ago is actually still open... It's now a correction and recuperation center for abnormal behavior. My uncle told me his family was planning to send him there."

Chen Chao was dazed. "No way... they're sending him there over something this small?"

Guo Hao: "A lot of people are sent there over trivial things..."

Chen Chao: "Your poor uncle!"

"I'm having coffee with my uncle after school today so that he can complain to me. I'll leave first later, then you can have a look at my unlucky uncle from behind after that." At that point, Guo Hao suddenly turned his gaze to Wang Ling. "Actually, my uncle looks a little like Wang Ling."

Chen Chao: "Which part?"

Guo Hao: "Dead fish eyes..."

Wang Ling: "..."

Guo Hao: "That's why when I first met Wang Ling at the beginning of the semester, he gave me a comforting and familiar feeling!"

Wang Ling: "..."

...

After the exams that day, nothing was planned and everyone went home. Since Guo Hao's uncle was looking for him to give vent to his grievances, Guo Hao left first. There were always people at the heart of a party who controlled the pace and brightened up the atmosphere.

This had always been Guo Hao's role.

So, no Guo Hao, no party...

Thus, there was nothing on today.

Everyone went back home to their mothers... mm, actually, Wang Ling was pretty happy about it.

He had almost died of embarrassment at KTV yesterday.

At the school gate, Wang Ling along with Chen Chao and Su Xiao saw the young man who was being pressured to get married.

Just like Guo Hao had said, his uncle was quite young and was a very sunny and charming guy. The most important thing was that, just as Guo Hao had said, this young man did indeed have a pair of dead fish eyes that was very much like Wang Ling's - it was just that he didn't have quite the same bearing...

It seemed this "uncle" was a bit of a crybaby. When he saw Guo Hao come out, the rims of his eyes went red, and he hastily put on sunglasses he had prepared.

What a pitiful person...

Wang Ling sighed.

Parting with Chen Chao and Su Xiao at a fork in the road, Wang Ling was walking with his head down when he was suddenly blocked by two huge figures.

One of them looked down at the picture in his hand and asked the other man, "Is that him?"

The other person: "Yeah, dead fish eyes, no mistake! Take him!"

Wang Ling: "???"

The two men then grabbed Wang Ling's arms and dragged him into a van...

Wang Ling guessed that this bunch was probably from the Net rehab center Guo Hao had been talking about earlier.

It was just that these two dumbasses had probably mistaken him for someone else...

Hm...

These guys had guts...





Chapter 839 Kidnapped "Wang Zha"


0(The Rocket card combo in the "Fight the Landlord" card game which beats everything.) In the van, the two big men put a black bag over Wang Ling's head, but he was quite unperturbed; this was a once-in-a-lifetime type of experience - how many times would a person ever be kidnapped while on the way home from school?

Wang Ling had once pretended to be enticed by snacks and deliberately let human traffickers kidnap him. He then traced them back to their source and helped the police destroy their den. Actually, those traffickers' MO had been quite mild: they used food or drinks most of the time to lure in unsuspecting kids.

But these two fools hadn't said a word before directly dragging Wang Ling into the van... He supposed they could be considered pretty capable and gutsy.

Wang Ling himself hadn't expected something like this to happen.

His special eyelid warning was usually triggered when he was going to run into something he thought was going to be a little more troublesome and tricky.

But abduction... didn't meet these standards at all!

This was just a warm-up exercise!

It would help him be even better at keeping his marks down in tomorrow's exams!

There was one day left before the summer break, so Wang Ling was in a good mood.

In any case, he didn't have anything lined up this afternoon... he might as well have some fun with this bunch.

Through his Mind-Reading Ability, he discovered that these two men were from that mysterious Net rehab center; things had become even more interesting. Even Mo Immortal Castle hadn't been able to find any reliable leads on this group. After it was reported and shut down several years ago, the word online was that this Net rehab center had been converted into a mobile behavior correction facility without a fixed address.

Without an insider to show the way, no one would be able to find it at all.

When the driver stopped the van at an intersection, he lit a cigarette and glanced at Wang Ling, who had the bag over his head. "Did you confirm his identity? Why does it feel like it was too smooth?"

"We confirmed it; he looks exactly the same as in the photo!" One of the big men holding Wang Ling down nodded.

Wang Ling: "..." What damn "exactly the same"?!

"Don't tell me you kidnapped a student, did you?" The driver laughed.

"No way - students nowadays all wear school uniforms! This Number 60 High's school uniform is so ugly and very recognizable!" that big man said again.

Wang Ling: "..."

Today, Wang Ling wasn't wearing the school uniform...

Classes had stopped for the final exams. Although there were some who still came to take the exams in the school uniform, the dress code during this period was relatively casual. To ensure that every student came to take the exams in their most relaxed state of mind, Number 60 High gave the students permission to wear whatever they liked or felt most comfortable in during the major exam period.

No wonder these two fools had gotten the wrong person; it turned out it was related to him not wearing his school uniform!

Wang Ling sighed in his heart.

"Why hasn't he spoken since we grabbed him just now?" the other big man suddenly asked.

It was at that moment that Wang Ling also abruptly realized that his behavior might be a little unusual.

Generally speaking, a person who had been kidnapped would struggle a little... It wouldn't be good if he behaved too calmly.

Thus, Wang Ling closed his eyes and started to control the air fluctuations over his skin to make it look like he was trembling out of fear.

He didn't know how hard he should be trembling; after all, he had never done so since young... The first and only time it had ever happened was six years ago, when Er Ha, who had still been Tuntian Ha then, crashed down on top of the established century-old crispy noodle snacks flagship store.

As expected, when the two big men saw Wang Ling start to tremble, they felt much more at ease.

"Hahahaha, looks like he's too scared to speak!"

"Little brother, don't be scared! We're just taking you to get a massage! No need to be nervous!" One of them patted Wang Ling's shoulder.

He didn't know if he was imagining it, but he felt that Wang Ling was trembling a little too hard... just like the vibrator he had used the other day...

...

After an hour or so on the road, the van finally entered a park and stopped in a parking lot inside.

Task accomplished, the driver drove off once again, apparently to bring the next person here.

Hustled along by the two large men, Wang Ling entered the trees. One of the men took off the bag on his head, and Wang Ling saw a log cabin with a Number 13 sign.

The legendary Treatment Room Number 13... had now become a mobile log cabin.

It didn't look big, but it gave off a sinister air. Furthermore, the Space Expansion Skill had been used inside.

After he was pushed inside by the two men, Wang Ling guessed from the auras within that there were a hundred people here.

He was astonished.

This was basically a mobile prison cell...

Wang Ming waited for a while in the lobby, guarded by the two men. It wasn't long before Yang Huai came out from within the cabin, accompanied by a familiar person whom Wang Ling had once fought: Long Ming.

They were talking and laughing as they headed toward the lobby.

"Hehe, rest assured, Mr Long Ming, there are no problems with your requests at all. I'll make the arrangements right away, and turn all those kids in Number 60 High as meek as lambs."

"Then we thank Dr Yang for your efforts in the revenge plan this time." Long Ming smiled.

"Revenge plan? No, no, no, Mr Long Ming you're wrong; this is an education program!"

"Hahahaha! Right, Dr Yang, you're right! This is an education program!"

By that time, they had already reached Wang Ling.

When Long Ming lowered his head and saw Wang Ling, he was so frightened that his complexion changed, and he started to sweat like crazy.

WTF...

Why was it him?

One of the large men stood up and said to Yang Huai, "Dr Yang, we've brought patient Guo Feng."

Yang Huai: "Mr Long Ming, let me explain: this is a new patient whom we will be treating today, Guo Feng. Hm, he's a bit more of an introvert. His family has repeatedly urged him to get married, and he's always refused. so they sent him to me after buying the basic treatment package."

Long Ming was blank.

Guo... Feng?

Was he mistaken?

He had just opened his mouth to ask Yang Huai if he was sure, when the young man, who was sitting down, suddenly looked up at him... This gaze was a direct hit to Long Ming's soul, freezing him in place as he felt all his hair stand on end.

"Dr Yang... I still have other things to do today... I'll head off first!"

Without another word, Long Ming rushed straight out of the log cabin in the next second.

That was right...

He rushed straight out.

That look just now was too horrifying... Long Ming didn't doubt that if he hadn't left, the young man would have taken his life in an instant.

Wang Ling's limpid gaze followed him out.

Long Ming ran away, but he wouldn't be able to run for long.

Wang Ling had already branded him with that look just now.

After all, there was still plenty of time.





Chapter 840 Ball Gag Strategy and Electric Massage!


After online protest, the notorious Net rehab center back then shut down, but it had now become a mobile behavior correction facility, and so far had over a hundred "patients."

Their ages varied, young and old all included.

Some were sent here by their families because of an obsession with mahjong, some because of puppy love, and some because they preferred Cola over Pepsi... Some were like Guo Hao's uncle, Guo Feng, who didn't want to find a girlfriend and get married.

"Patients" were sent here for all kinds of unusual reasons, and which were in keeping with Dr Yang's treatment style.

While waiting in the hall earlier, which was also when Long Ming had recognized Wang Ling and fled, Wang Ling had used the Great Blood Origin Spell to trace back Dr Yang's ancestry. In the end, he discovered that this Dr Yang's ancestor had actually been beaten up before - it was Wang Zhen who had given Dr Yang's thirty-sixth generation ancestor a thrashing back then and left behind a disfigurement curse which had been passed down ever since.

But unfortunately...

This curse was probably going to end with this generation.

Because in just a while, this place would disappear forever.

At that very moment, Wang Ling was already cuffed to a table. Being cuffed for the first time was actually a novel experience, but it was best not to try this sort of thing - Wang Ling didn't want to be like that "Miss Try" who refused to listen to warnings and attacked police in the subway with a knife 1 .

1(In 2018, a young lady who was nicknamed Miss Try was detained for attacking a police officer in the subway with a knife. In a later interview, she said that people should experience various things, whether good or bad ..) There would always be "big babies" in society who thought that everyone would be like their families and give in to them or cherish them in every way possible. But reality proved that these people were missing half their brains. Even a primary school kid could understand why they had to obey the law, yet there were people who had gone to university who still broke it - as reality proved, a person's basic quality had little to do with their educational background.

It depended entirely upon family education.

Father and Mother Wang were more confident on this point than anyone else.

Although Wang Ling had been a bit of a chuuni when he was younger, this couple was still able to lead their son back onto the right path. When Wang Ling carefully pondered this later, he felt that it actually had a lot to do with his parents writing novels.

Novel characters tended more or less to be a little chuuni, so Father and Mother Wang were probably very confident when it came to dealing with this phase!

At the moment, Wang Ling was lying on a treatment table, his four limbs held down by several big men. One of them even put a ball gag in his mouth.

Crack...

Wang Ling very calmly crushed it with his teeth.

Yang Huai was blank. "What a surprise... you actually learn martial arts?"

The big man who had put the ball gag in was also a little stupefied. "Dr Yang, what now?"

"Get me the black iron ball gag," said Yang Huai.

The big man nodded. Spirit light flashed in his hand, and an 80×40 iron box appeared. It opened, and inside it were various kinds of ball gags made from different materials.

When the big man put the black iron ball gag in Wang Ling's mouth, everyone heard another crisp "crack."

Yang Huai frowned, a little angry now. "Get me the black godly jade ball gag."

Crack...

Yang Huai: "Get me the top-grade diamond one!"

Crack...

Yang Huai: "Premium black crystal! Get me the premium black crystal ball gag! I don't believe that won't work!"

Crack...

"..."

The big man: "Dr Yang... need to get another one?"

Yang Huai was already sweating. "Get... get..."

Get... what the hell else was there to get?!

"Forget it, just leave it... If he bites his tongue, that's his own problem." Yang Huai was usually excited when he administered treatment, especially when he saw a ball gag in the patient's mouth. It was like an adrenaline rush, and the more electric shocks he gave, the more excited he became.

But since Wang Ling didn't have a ball gag in his mouth, Doctor Yang instantly lost half his enthusiasm.

At that moment, Yang Huai was weary and aggravated. He had operated this treatment center for so many years and had seen all kinds of bizarre patients. Even Soul Formation cultivators finally gave in with just a few electric shocks - when had he ever suffered this kind of setback?

In a fit of obscure anger, Yang Huai unconsciously turned the dial on the medical device right up to 10, alarming the big men next to him.

According to the family information on the patient they had kidnapped this time, he was just at the Qi Condensation stage, and wasn't especially strong - in treating patients at this level, a 2 or 3 on the device was enough to make them feel pain.

But the treatment now was actually five times stronger.

Treatment Room Number 13's ultimate medical device had a total of one hundred levels of intensity, which would make even gods and devils kneel!

"To be able to crush my ball gags with his teeth, this guy's strength definitely isn't anything like his family reported; he was definitely hiding it." Yang Huai sneered.

Since this person dared resist, then he should be ready to take the humiliation... oh, no, the treatment!

Thus, while Wang Ling was looking forward to the treatment, Yang Huai finally put the tip of the stun gun to his temple — this was a necessary step for any patient receiving the treatment.

The stun gun would shock the temples on both sides before the electric currents swiftly moved to converge in between the eyebrows. Depending on the patient's condition, this could last ten to thirty seconds.

But in his fit of anger, Yang Huai deliberately took his time so that the treatment took the maximum thirty seconds.

Wang Ling could feel the electric current passing through his pores.

But he didn't put up a struggle.

Because it actually felt very comfortable.

The electric currents passing through his temples and then slowly moving to the space between his eyebrows somehow was a familiar motion to Wang Ling.

When the electric currents from both sides came together in the middle of his eyebrows, Wang Ling finally remembered —

This was clearly "massaging the temples and around the eye sockets" in an eye health exercise!

But this electric stimulation was obviously a lot more comfortable than the eye exercise — after a whole morning of taking exams, this electrotherapy massage was pretty good...

On the side, Yang Huai and the big men holding Wang Ling down were stupefied.

Honestly speaking, it was the first time they had encountered such a situation.

This patient unexpectedly had no reaction to the electric current at all.

"I'm going to kill you!" Emboldened by his fury, Yang Huai grit his teeth angrily and turned the setting on the medical apparatus up to 50!

It wasn't the highest level, but even a Soul Formation cultivator couldn't endure level 50.

Even if this person could crush Yang Huai's ball gags with his teeth, Yang Huai believed that the intensity at level 50 could kill this person eighty times over!

"Go to hell..."

After saying it, Yang Huai put the tip of the stun gun to Wang Ling's temple once more.





Chapter 841 Wang Ling's Wrath


Few people could endure level 50, as the amount of electricity it produced was lethal. Although Soul Formation cultivators would narrowly survive, in that moment, they would feel like dying. Less than ten people had endured this level before, and some of them were quite renowned.

The treatment center didn't have a one hundred percent success rate, but it held at ninety-seven percent. so there were some cases where the treatment had failed.

Like a novelist Yang Huai remembered several years ago, who for days on end only updated once a day, and was sent to Treatment Room Number 13 through bribes from a reader. But his skin was so thick that the electricity couldn't pass through it, and in the end Yang Huai could only give up.

Or yet another novelist who went out every day to collect material for his writing, leading to mental exhaustion and an unhappy married life. He was also sent to Treatment Room Number 13, but in the end, the electric stimulation activated his meridians, and even fixed his impotence...

Or in yet another example, there was a very good dancer who insisted on going into singing, but was terrible at it. Through crowdfunding by his fans, he was sent to Treatment Room Number 13. After the treatment, he unexpectedly became the king of electronic music and gained a crazy number of fans as well as the nickname "little prince of electronic music"...

But since last year, things like these rarely happened, because every patient was strictly selected based on their profile; Yang Huai wouldn't take in those with higher realms who would be resistant to the treatment.

Most of the patients in the treatment center now were ordinary people, and only a few were at the Foundation Establishment stage.

Hence, Guo Feng's case was a surprise to Yang Huai. This was just an ordinary person, but he was able to withstand the treatment again and again.

Thus, the level 50 electric charge pierced Wang Ling's skin and flowed into his body.

Wang Ling's eyebrows finally twitched slightly.

He could feel the non-stop flow of heat in his body increase.

This was...

Too comfortable...

The strength of this massage was just right for Wang Ling, but it still wasn't as good as the lightning punishment of the Heavenly Dao Thunder Calamity, which was pretty fierce. Wang Ling recalled gradually awakening as a child, and after he was done slowly accumulating the Three Thousand Great Dao, he had triggered the thunder calamity. But it was very strange - the lightning didn't hit him, and instead seemed to be giving vent to something...

But Wang Ling had still used his own power to draw the lightning of Heavenly Dao back so that it would hit him since he wanted to know what it felt like to be struck by lightning.

He still remembered that feeling to this day.

Ordinary cultivators feared the Heavenly Dao Thunder Calamity as the odds of dying were very high. Cultivators could generally withstand about twenty lightning strikes, which was the limit of the calamity. If their luck was bad, the number of lightning strikes might exceed this figure, and the odds of dying would increase dramatically.

In the end, failing to pass the calamity meant disintegrating into fine powder or being reduced to grilled pig's feet.

At level 50 of the electrotherapy, Wang Ling's expression remained unchanged.

"That's impossible..." Yang Huai widened his eyes, and was about to ramp up the strength of the medical device.

But at that moment, Wang Ling unexpectedly sat upright. With a light tug, he directly snapped off the titanium cuffs and fetters. Crumpling them like paper in front of Yang Huai and his men, he reduced them to fine iron dust.

"Game over," Wang Ling said telepathically.

A voice that struck the soul boomed in everyone's chests, like the toll of an old temple bell.

"Grab him!" Yang Huai ordered.

But these big men looked at each other in dismay, and none of them moved.

They were restrained, and it felt like iron weights as heavy as tens of thousands of catties were wrapped around their legs, completely immobilizing them.

There was terror on Yang Huai's face, and he was so frightened that some of his hair started to fall off. "You..."

Under the other party's shocked gaze, Wang Ling took out his student ID for Yang Hai to have a look.

Student Information: Wang Ling

Gender: Male

Date of Birth: December 26, 4380

Class: Grade One, Class Three

School: Number 60 High School, Songhai City

Favorite Food: Crispy Noodle Snacks

...

Apart from the above information, the student ID had the educational administration's personal metal stamp of authenticity, thus verifying this student's identity.

All cultivation school metal stamps carried spirit energy - although Yang Huai's realm wasn't high, he could sense it in the metal stamp.

He finally understood...

Why this simple treatment had failed over and over again.

This guy!

Wasn't Guo Feng at all...

This fucking useless bunch had actually brought the wrong person!

What now...

Yang Huai started to back away.

He had even given up on the idea of fighting already.

It was obvious that there was no way he could beat this young man!

He wasn't any ordinary person... A Foundation Establishment high school student actually had such tremendous power...

His underlings were already immobilized, so Yang Huai's first reaction was to escape!

Right after he pushed open the door to Treatment Room Number 13, he immediately grabbed a slightly foolish-looking young man with a buzz cut who was walking down the corridor. A red ribbon was wrapped around his arm, which meant that he had already gained Yang Huai's trust, and was a team leader in the treatment center.

The young man held hostage was frightened. "Uncle Yang, what's wrong?"

Yang Huai held the young man by his neck. This was the Eagle Claw Technique, and Yang Huai could take the young man's life with just a thought.

"Do as I tell you and don't try anything, understand?" Yang Huai gazed at the young man.

The young man was clearly a little frightened and couldn't help trembling. "Uncle Yang... I... I'm team leader... I'll listen to you... Don't give me an electric shock..."

"Good, as long as you listen to me, Uncle Yang won't do it," Yang Huai said in a low voice, his gaze fixed unwaveringly in Wang Ling's direction.

At that moment, Wang Ling had already stepped out of the treatment room.

He had anticipated this scum's next move earlier on.

As expected, this person had already lost his humanity — in a situation like this, he was actually going to hold another kid's life hostage.

Such a heartless and utterly inhuman bastard with no regard for life at all could actually avoid being punished by the law and lead a comfortable life until now...

Where was heavenly justice?

Where was Heavenly Dao?

Was Heavenly Dao blind?

Wang Ling asked these questions in his heart.

But what he didn't know was that these three questions had actually shaken the heavens.

When they heard these three questions, some of the Great Heavenly Dao started to tremble.

And at these three questions, the Heavenly Dao meeting table actually sent itself flying...

Strength Heavenly Dao: "Divine Table... You..."

Heavenly Dao meeting table: "I respectfully take my leave — I wish all of you the best..."

All the Heavenly Dao: "..."





Chapter 842 The Heavenly Dao's Judgement


There was a saying: There is no order without rules .

During the Heavenly Dao Committee meeting, there was no order without the Divine Table. Wang Ling's wrath on the other side had scared even the Divine Table into fleeing, which was enough to show how serious this matter was. Sometimes there were two types of anger; after dealing with this white list big shot for so many years, the Heavenly Dao Committee could tentatively sum up his two types of anger as: anger from the bottom of his heart, and anger from the depths of his soul.

His crispy noodle snacks being destroyed or squandered would cause the first kind of anger.

But this time even the Divine Table had left; it was obvious that this situation was far more serious, and this was wrath from the depths of Wang Ling's soul.

"This person has already aroused public anger, which is why the wrath this time is so strong. Fellow Daoist Wang is simply serving as a bridge to direct the ire against that man here." Spirit Heavenly Dao heaved a sigh. "I just never expected this: how has this type of person who has sparked public rage gotten away without being judged for so long?"

"I checked it out," Life And Death Heavenly Dao said at that moment. "There are records which show that the first ancestor of the Yang family, Yang Wude, once activated the Heavenly Dao Equivalent Exchange Array. This person offered the Heavenly Dao a rare treasure, the skull from an overlord's tomb, in exchange for the Yang family descendants being exempted from the judgement of the power of Heavenly Dao."

The other Heavenly Dao were startled. "There was something like this?"

Life And Death Heavenly Dao: "We've already examined the inscription on the Heavenly Dao Tablet, and this indeed is the case. But Yang Wude's descendants have been too wicked; in the thirty-sixth generation, the Yang family descendant was once beaten up by one of Dao Ancestor Wang's grandsons, and everyone should know who this person is."

"Could it be Wang Zhen, whose strength has already been sealed?"

"That's right, it's him."

Strength Heavenly Dao was relieved. "It looks like this incident crippled the connection between the Yang family and Heavenly Dao. The agreement from back then held until the thirty-sixth generation, when the Wang family became involved... No wonder the strength of the agreement weakened, and the wrath in Fellow Daoist Wang Ling's soul was able to reach us... What does everyone think about this matter? How should we deal with this Yang Huai?"

The other Heavenly Dao said in unison: "What is there to think about? I've been bearing with him for so long!"

Strength Heavenly Dao said coldly, "I want him to lose all his strength so that he can only watch helplessly as his muscles atrophy bit by bit every day until he finally ends up a dwarf forever."

Life And Death Heavenly Dao: "Sir Strength's punishment isn't vicious enough. I want him to live on in suffering - unless he acknowledges his sins, he won't be able to die, no matter how much he tries."

Space Heavenly Dao: "Sir Strength's and Sir Life And Death's methods are too mild. But along with Sir Life And Death's method, I can release space worms which will constantly gnaw on his guts; since he can't die, he can experience all the pain to the full."

Spirit Heavenly Dao: "Since it's like that, then I can control his mind. Whether he's awake or dreaming, he'll hallucinate being struck by electricity. Every single person who was ruined by the Yang family since Yang Wude's generation will constantly cycle through this dreams."

Time Heavenly Dao: "Each and everyone of you are Heavenly Dao, how can you be so evil? Are you all devils?"

The rest of the Heavenly Dao: "???"

Time Heavenly Dao: "If it's me, I'll get Sir Soul to help me split Yang Huai's soul in two and have Sir Life And Death create a new body for one half. Then, I'll use the power of time to send Yang Huai back to Yang Wude's generation for the latter to personally torture him! Hia hia hia..."

A key issue suddenly occurred to Life And Death Heavenly Dao. "Be that as it may, the power of the agreement still exists. Wouldn't this be breaking the rules?"

Strength Heavenly Dao: "A white list client has the prerogative over all the rules. I don't know if all of you remember what Dao Founder said back then, but if there is conflict between the rules and a white list client, no matter how strict the rules are or whatever precious treasure was received, we must prioritize the white list client, even if he is a PY person 1 . Even if our integrity crumbles under the rules or our honor is tarnished, this is the essence of the Heavenly Dao white list!"

1(PY is the pinyin for the Chinese word for "asshole," and implies shady dealings ..) After saying this, Strength Heavenly Dao waved his hand, and an image of Yang Huai on Earth instantly appeared.

At that moment, Wang Ling and Yang Huai were still locked in a confrontation. Yang Huai had grabbed that young man by the neck with his Eagle Claw Technique, and the latter's face was already turning a little blue.

Spirit Heavenly Dao: "Since this is the case, before the Heavenly Dao punishment is carried out for real, shall we take action together, and give this Yang Huai a small taste first?"

"Sounds good."

Time Heavenly Dao chuckled. "Yang Huai this small fry has the guts to provoke the white list client - it looks like he's tired of living! No one can offend the white list client! No matter how majestic his position is down below, he needs to be squashed to death!"

Soul Heavenly Dao: "How are we going to do this? Sir Strength, can you hit Yang Huai down below with something, at this distance?"

Life And Death Heavenly Dao: "Yang Huai is holding an innocent young man hostage, so it might be difficult for Sir Strength to do anything; this Heavenly Dao is too powerful that the young man might also be affected."

Strength Heavenly Dao laughed. "What a joke! I've fought tens of thousands of battles, great and small; I've long mastered the skill of a precise strike! Is Sir Life And Death actually looking down on me? Didn't you complain to Dao Founder about me before?"

Life And Death Heavenly Dao broke out in a sweat. "What are you saying, Sir Strength..."

Strength Heavenly Dao: "Forget it... Let's work together now and first teach this evil creature below an important lesson."

...

Meanwhile, Wang Ling had already thought up ten thousand ways to deal with Yang Huai and save the young man, and at the same time make Yang Huai suffer before he was ultimately punished by the law. Wang Ling would save the young man first and restrain Yang Huai. He would then call Zhuo Yi to come and cart Yang Huai off to prison, and have Zhuo Yi come up with ten thousand ways to punish Yang Huai!

Hm...

It was a perfect plan!

Just as Wang Ling was pondering how to act, he heard a sudden clap of thunder in the sky.

The next moment, a pair of giant hands with talisman symbols and strange runes all over them suddenly emerged from the ground to directly envelop Yang Huai! He found himself unable to move, and his body started to lose strength, as if all his bone cartilage had turned soft.

Sensing the difference in Yang Huai, the young man he had seized hurriedly pushed him away.

Lying limp on the ground in that moment, what Yang Huai faced next was Strength Heavenly Dao's first attack, which was also the most brutal punishment — tickling the soles of Yang Huai's feet...





Chapter 843 Justice Will Ultimately Be Served


On Saturday August 12th in the fifteenth week of the semester, the covert correction center for abnormal behavior finally received the punishment it deserved. Because this treatment center was a mobile log cabin, and along with Yang Huai's remarkable ability to escape detection, the police had never been able to track it down.

Although there were many reports on it outside, there were never any good leads to follow up on.

Actually, Yang Huai's encounter with Wang Ling this time was also Heavenly Dao retribution: he had only moved the mobile log cabin to Songhai city because of Guo Hao's uncle, Guo Feng's case.

After getting Wang Ling's call, Zhuo Yi and Immortal Toya rushed over, accompanied by more than thirty ambulances and a busload of cultivation security officers who were armed to the teeth.

Yang Huai was already restrained, and none of the big men he had hired at the treatment center could escape. They all had criminal records, and many were mercenaries on the lowest rung of the Dark Network who did any work for coin. After Yang Huai was punished by Heavenly Dao, the majority were aware that they had lost the upper hand. They squatted with their hands behind their heads in surrender, though some still tried to resist and escape.

The cultivation security team was thus deployed to control this bunch of people and in case of emergencies.

"Hello, Director Zhuo, Senior Immortal Toya! Let me brief you on the situation!"

The security team's Captain Cui, who had a sexy little mustache and sideburns, and looked like an astute and capable person, reported the situation: "Our security team already has the entire park under control. The criminals inside the log cabin as well as those that tried to escape have already been restrained. The ambulances have taken the victims inside the log cabin to various hospitals in central Songhai. The actual number of victims we recovered is 113, 87 of whom are teenagers and 26 are middle-aged or older. This bastard! According to initial estimates, 68 of them have severe injuries, 33 have mild injuries, and the rest have been sent to ICU. This damn bastard!"

Immortal Toya: "Bastard! What a bastard!"

"Calm down, Captain Cui, Brother To..." Listening up to this point, Zhuo Yi took a deep breath. "Mothefucker! This damn bastard!"

Captain Cui: "..."

Zhuo Yi: " Cough cough , excuse me, I forgot myself. Captain Cui, please go on."

Captain Cui lowered his voice. "Currently, we need to do further professional assessment of the victims' injuries for legal purposes, and we'll need to trouble Immortal Toya for your help!"

Immortal Toya nodded his head. "Captain Cui, rest assured, I have my two disciples here to help me. They may be young, but they already have their medical qualifications, and their assessments are just as valid."

Captan Cui was blank as he recalled seeing a young boy and young girl who looked extremely professional and were carrying medical kits before he entered the log cabin. They were younger than his daughter! As expected, you couldn't judge a book by its cover.

"Senior Immortal Toya's two disciples are truly amazing!" Captain Cui was extremely envious. Being a doctor nowadays was easy and lucrative! And the key thing was that it was really cool! He wanted his daughter to study to become one!

"Captain Cui, you flatter me. My two disciples still have a long way to go." Immortal Toya laughed modestly.

"Ah, that's right, Director Zhuo!" Speaking up to this point, Captain Cui suddenly asked, "How did you track down Yang Huai's mobile log cabin?"

Zhuo Yi: "Erm..."

How could it be him... He just got a call and came over to shoulder the wok!

Zhuo Yi could only randomly make up an excuse. "I just happened to be passing by at the time. I realized there was an unauthorized building here, and I felt something was wrong..."

"As expected of Director Zhuo! You caught yet another big shot!" Captain Cui laughed heartily. "But thanks to Director Zhuo, this major case is finally solved in our Songhai city! Although the victims are from all over the place, this at the very least proves that we are very good at cracking down on crime!"

Zhuo Yi: "Be that as it may, don't be too arrogant or complacent. To let this type of person get away with what he was doing for so long is a disgrace to us all."

"Director Zhuo is right. Yang Huai will finally be punished..." Saying this, Captain Cui continued in a low voice, "I've been thinking, if parallel universes or other world lines really exist, would a Yang Huai as ruthless as this one also exist there, and would he also ever be punished..."

After he said this, everyone fell silent.

A moment later, Zhuo Yi raised his head and said resolutely, "There will always come a day when justice is served."

Immortal Toya gave a nod. "What is going to happen to this Yang Huai?"

Zhuo Yi: "We've currently sent him to Songhai First Prison, and Warden Liang is preparing to interrogate him. Apart from Yang Huai, all the family members who contacted Yang Huai and sent the victims to him will also be punished, but it will be the victims themselves who will ultimately decide what the punishment will be - unless they receive a document from the victims granting forgiveness, none of these people will be able to escape!"

After he said this, Zhuo Yi paused, before turning to say to Captain Cui, "Now that this case is under Songhai city jurisdiction, Captain Cui may need to travel to other provinces to arrest people."

"Handling intercity cases isn't easy..." Captain Cui was a little concerned.

Zhuo Yi smiled slightly, since he had already considered this point. He was the director of the General Administration of 100 Schools, but now he had yet another identity — team leader of the supervisory and investigation team of the General Office of Strategic Deception and Huaxiu Alliance.

After receiving his shifu Wang Ling's call, Zhuo Yi had directly contacted Lord Thunder to submit an application to Huaxiu Alliance in the name of the Office of Strategic Deception.

And that document with its red seal, which was issued by Huaxiu Alliance and authorized intercity arrests, was now in Zhuo Yi's hands! Apart from the seal, there were only sixteen characters on it: Handle each case lawfully! Fairness and justice! Strive harder! Zero tolerance!

...

Elsewhere, Yang Huai had been sent to Songhai First Prison for interrogation, but it wasn't coming along smoothly.

It wasn't that Yang Huai didn't want to confess...

As soon as Zhuo Yi entered the interrogation room, he saw Warden Liang's dark expression, and the prison officers inside also had helpless looks on their faces.

Zhuo Yi: "What's going on?"

Warden Liang pointed at the surveillance headphones on the table. "Old Zhuo... Listen for yourself..."

Puzzled, Zhuo Yi put on the headphones, then heard Yang Huai's dumb-sounding and non-stop laughter: "Hahaha... ahahaha... ehehehe... erhihihi..."

This was the residual effect from Strength Heavenly Dao tickling Yang Huai's feet. It was obvious that Strength Heavenly Dao had used too much strength, and Yang Huai just couldn't stop for now...

Zhuo Yi dropped his forehead in his hand. "Send him to the Mahjong Room for help..."

Warden Liang nodded his head and couldn't agree more. "Exactly what I was thinking!"





Chapter 844 The Mahjong Squad's New Game: Kill The Author!


Yang Huai had never expected the day the curtain fell on him to happen so soon. While he laughed crazily on the surface, inwardly he was unwilling to acknowledge it. He couldn't imagine what kind of person he had offended.

The sound of Heavenly Dao now echoed in his brain, which was spiritual pressure Spirit Heavenly Dao had put on him. The noise of an electric current was like a wave that roared endlessly inside his brain, making Yang Huai want to die.

He wanted to kill himself, and even resolutely bit off his tongue... But the strange thing was that as soon as he bit it off, it actually reattached itself...

The power of Life And Death Heavenly Dao made sure that Yang Huai had no way to free himself by committing suicide.

Instead, he experienced double the pain of killing himself.

Furthermore, his tongue was the only "muscle tissue" on him which remained untouched, since he ultimately had to use his mouth to confess and repent. On the other hand, the rest of his muscles started to atrophy bit by bit, as punishment by Strength Heavenly Dao. Unless Yang Huai realized the error of his ways, the Heavenly Dao punishment wouldn't stop.

Yang Huai looked very wretched, but what was even more tragic was that he was sent to Songhai First Prison's Mahjong Room.

...

Prior to the prison officers sending Yang Huai to the special prison cell, the Mahjong Squad was playing a new game.

The game which the Old Devil, Evil Sword God and the Master of Immortal Mansion, Cheng Yu, were playing today was: Kill the Author!

This was a card game developed using the identities of certain online authors. Each player would select a character at the beginning, and each character had a different HP. Players were dealt five cards at the beginning of the game, and drew three when it was their turn.

The Old Devil's character: Jiang Nan.

Character HP: 8

[Character Skill 1 (Chain of Blades): During play, if Jiang Nan plays three Blade cards, this is deemed as using the "Blade Knights of the Dragon Raja" skill, and every player must reveal their cards on the spot as well as discard two Blade cards. If they don't have enough Blade cards to discard, they lose one HP point. This skill can only be used once in each round.]

[Character Skill 2 (Composure): During play, if Jiang Nan gives up on playing cards, this is deemed as using the "Calmly Delay Updates Technique" skill. All Blade cards become ineffective against Jiang Nan and the other players skip their turns to play cards. When it's Jiang Nan's turn to draw cards, the other characters reveal the Blade cards they have in hand and draw the same number of cards. This skill can only be used once in each round.]

The Master of Immortal Mansion Cheng Yu's character: Heavenly Silkworm Potato

Character HP: 7

[Character Skill 1 (King of Delays in Updates): During play, Heavenly Silkworm Potato can use this skill on another character at the cost of one HP point. The targeted character can only play one card during his next two turns. This skill can only be used once in each round, and cannot be canceled out by any other card.]

[Character Skill 2 (Restricted Technique - Fire Lotus): At any time during play, Heavenly Silkworm Potato can draw two cards each from the discard pile and from the deck. If the four cards are all of different suits, the "Restricted Technique - Fire Lotus" is activated. All the other characters lose their cards and two HP points. Note: This restricted technique can only be used once.]

Evil Sword God's character: Jin Hezai 1

1(Author of the hugely popular online novel "The Wukong Biography," set before Wukong becomes the legendary Monkey King.) Character HP: 6

[Character Skill 1 (A Large Stick): During play, Jin Hezai can pick one male character to wrestle with on the spot. If Jin Hezai wins, this is deemed as having used the ability "A Large Stick," and the loser has to give all his cards to Jin Hezai. The skill can only be used once in each round.]

[Character Skill 2 (View Block): During play, Jin Hezai can play two action cards to use the "I Want the Sky to Never Again Cover My Eyes 2 " skill. After this skill is activated, every character will be judged by their cards in hand. Players with the hearts suit are forbidden from acting on their next turn. Players with the spades suit must discard one action card; if they don't have any action cards, they lose one HP point. The skill can only be used once in each round.]

2(A phrase Wukong says often in "Wukong Biography.") The Old Devil played a card against Evil Sword God. "Blade!"

[Card name: Blade]

[Card type: Normal card]

[Card ability: When played, the other party loses one HP point. Can be canceled out by another Blade.]

Evil Sword God without eyeshadow: "Delay Update!"

[Card name: Delay Update]

[Card type: Action card]

[Card ability: Can defend against two Blades. If the other party plays more than two Blades, lose two HP points.]

Cheng Yu: "No Update!"

[Card name: No Update]

[Card type: Action card]

[Card ability: Renders all other action cards ineffective.]

Evil Sword God without eyeshadow -1 HP...

Evil Sword God: "Sil... Silver General Alliance!"

[Card name: Silver General Alliance]

[Card type: Action card]

[Card ability: Immediately draw three cards from the deck.]

Old Devil: "Gold General Alliance!"

[Card name: Gold General Alliance]

[Card type: Action card]

[Card ability: Immediately draw six cards from the deck. If another player used the "Silver General Alliance" on this turn, any card that was originally stolen by that player must be returned.]

The Old Devil: "Give Back Erii 3 !"

3(A character in the Dragon Raja novels by Jiang Nan..) [Card name: Give Back Erii]

[Card type: Action card]

[Card ability: Steal two cards from the character on the right. If the player doesn't have enough cards, he loses the equivalent number of HP points.]

Evil Sword God looked like he was near tears. "Ahhh... How - how can you bully me like this?! I quit!"

...

At that time, two prison officers of Songhai First Prison were bringing Yang Huai, restrained and laughing wildly, to the prison cell.

The Old Devil: "Hm? Why do we have a newcomer? Brother, is this person at our level?"

The prison officer laughed. "He's far from that, but Director Zhuo specially arranged this for you in case you were bored. This person is suffering some sort of aftereffect and he can't stop laughing. Director Zhuo wanted all of you to think of something."

Think of something?

The Old Devil was blank.

None of them had what it took to be a teacher.

What could they possibly come up with?

It was clear that they were being asked to use force!

"But is this alright?" Cheng Yu furrowed his brow.

He could sense that Yang Huai's realm was in fact very low; there was no way the latter would be able to endure a beating the way Evil Sword God without eyeshadow could.

"Don't worry, this Mr Yang Huai can't be beaten to death - it seems he's been cursed to never die." The prison officer laughed.

Only the leaders and division officers in the prison knew about this at first, and they weren't allowed to leak the information. However, to ensure that Yang Huai's condition could be brought under control, Zhuo Yi had specially told the prison officers escorting Yang Huai to the Mahjong Room - it was fine letting the people in there know.

"Oh." Realization dawned on the Old Devil.

Couldn't be beaten to death...

Great!

Their bones were growing numb after squatting inside day after day, and they were afraid of going overboard when they beat Evil Sword God up every day. And now someone who couldn't be beaten to death had arrived... it looked like Evil Sword God could take some days off now.

Before leaving, the prison officers gave the Old Devil a bottle of medical salve.

"This is?"

"Eyeshadow. When you beat the man up, remember to put this on Evil Sword God."

"..."





Chapter 845 Tragic Yang Huai and His Patients


It was August 13th on Sunday in the fifteenth week of the semester.

It was the third day of Number 60 High's first semester final exams.

It was also the last day of the first semester of Wang Ling's high school life.

That morning, everyone came to school early, and as Wang Ling expected, the topic of discussion revolved around Yang Huai, the infamous therapist who finally got the punishment he deserved.

"One of my uncles said this Yang Huai is truly tragic." Guo Hao tsked. "I heard that there weren't any vacant cells in prison, so for the time being, he's been placed inside the special prison cell. Can you guess who's in there? The Old Devil! The Master of Immortal Mansion! And that Evil Sword God!"

When he said that, the people surrounding him couldn't help but tremble - they could basically already imagine how wretched Yang Huai was.

Not just anyone was put into Songhai First Prison's special prison cell. Because of their senior Zhuo Yi's efforts, all those in the special cell could be called vile creatures.

Yang Huai's wicked heart might qualify him for the special prison cell, but in terms of realm strength, anyone in there could beat the crap out of him.

Guo Hao clearly remembered when a well-known reporter had interviewed Yang Huai about the treatment center before, and how the latter had given the camera a smile so creepy that one couldn't help shuddering at it.

But now, it was likely he would never smile like that again.

...

The work Immortal Toya had taken on was already in full swing on Chrysanthemum Island. So far, four patients whose lives were still hanging in the balance had been transferred to the island for further treatment. Yang Huai had injured them so heavily that their cranial nerves were severely damaged - that was to say, even if their vital signs stabilized, there was a very high chance that they would become human vegetables for the rest of their lives and never wake up.

But it just so happened that Immortal Toya had recently gained a wealth of experience when it came to treating mental conditions.

To treat Miss Liu Qingyi's deep coma back then, Immortal Toya had even used his ancestral magic treasure, the Nine Cycles Exquisite Pagoda. It was a quasi world-defying magic treasure as well as a very powerful seal-type magic artifact, but it had been damaged in a major battle and had yet to be restored.

Now, it had just become a mobile depository of texts, which housed a lifetime's worth of the Toya clan's research on medical techniques.

As he was thinking of prescriptions with his head lowered, Jinshi and Yinshi came up to him. Jinshi gave a half-bow and said, " Shifu , the patients have already been settled."

"So fast?" Immortal Toya was blank.

He remembered that two of the four were of a heavy build; their families sent them to Yang Huai's treatment center because they shut themselves away at home and refused to go out.

And the most frightening thing was that they were all Bilibili uploaders.

The first uploader: LexBurner.

This was a heavyweight uploader who was very popular with fans before he was caught and sent to the treatment center. In the last few months, he disappeared off the face of the earth; if Yang Huai's treatment center hadn't been exposed, it was likely that the fans would never have known that their favorite uploader had actually been sent to such a horrible treatment center.

At the same time, LexBurner had been "generating electricity with love" 1 for the longest time, leading to an electrolyte imbalance inside his body and causing him to become obese. Before he entered the treatment center, he had weighed 260 jin - in the end, his electrolytes became even more unbalanced after Yang Huai's electric shock treatment, and he now weighed 380 jin.

1(A slogan initially used in anti-nuclear energy protests in Taiwan which now refers to doing something purely out of love.) The second uploader: Lord Milk Bottle.

This was an uploader who was caught and sent to Yang Huai's treatment center through crowdfunding by fans because of the "poisonous milk" he spouted in e-game competitions. He relied on milk powder for nutrition, and after he entered the treatment center, he became malnourished after a long time without milk. From weighing 560 jin at the very beginning, he was now down to a light 60 jin.

Jinshi and Yin had thus been especially cautious when moving Lord Milk Bottle just now, for fear that he would break if they weren't careful. After all, milk bottles broke easily!

The third uploader: Pipixuan.

This was also a Bilibili uploader who had been sent to the treatment center through crowdfunding by fans. Pipixuan was initially an author, but started to neglect his work, thus rousing public anger. All he did every day was remix songs, leading to anti-fans crowdfunding to send him to Yang Huai's treatment center. But completely unlike the previous two, this 780-jin uploader unexpectedly became more and more handsome and unreal under Yang Huai's electric shock treatment.... After being rescued from the treatment center, he was violently beaten up by some anti-fans jealous of his talent, and so was sent to ICU...

Thus, of the four uploaders who had been sent over, only Pipixuan had ended up in ICU not because of Yang Huai, but because of his anti-fans...

The fourth uploader: Kidney Overtaxed Bacteria 2 .

2(A reference to a Bilibili uploader well-known for playing horror games and screaming in his live stream ..) This uploader's neighbors paid to have him sent to the treatment center. As a professional horror game live streamer, and also the most cowardly of the four, he often screamed involuntarily whenever he live streamed a horror game, and his ultrasonic cries badly affected his neighbors' sleep. And so, Kidney Overtaxed Bacteria, this long-term shut-in, was sent to Yang Huai's treatment center. In the end, Yang Huai himself couldn't take his screaming, and used electric shocks to paralyze this uploader's vocal cords.

Kidney Overtaxed Bacteria was unable to recover from losing his voice for the longest time, and just like that, slipped into a coma. The ultrasonic waves he was no longer able to disperse unexpectedly stimulated the adrenaline in his body, causing his original physique to change. Current weight: 429 jin.

"It was Miss Liu who helped us carry the three heaviest patients: one in each hand, and even one on her head... She's so awesome!" said Yinshi.

Immortal Toya was startled. "How could you let Miss Liu help you?"

He started to worry about the safety of the four patients.

What a rough means of transport...

This wasn't an express delivery!

Miss Liu: "Don't worry, I was careful. Jinshi and Yinshi have been very busy these last two days, and I've been staying here for so long; it's only right that I help out with some simple physical labor. Brother To, you don't have to be polite with me; feel free to tell me what to do!"

Immortal Toya broke out in a sweat.

There was no way he would dare order around someone from the Domain of the Gods!

"Oh, by the way, Brother To, Wang Zhen and I discussed the previous matter, and we've decided not to have a fight at Number 60 High - we're already adults, we should be a little more civilized," said Liu Qingyi.

Immortal Toya's eyes lit up and he nodded. "That's great! As expected of Miss Liu, that's very sensible!"

"Right? I feel the same!"

Liu Qingyi chuckled. "So after I discussed it with Wang Zhen, we've decided to fight with words instead!"

"Fight with words?"

"That's right! With words!"

"How... do you fight with words?"

"We've decided to become transfer students at Number 60 High and see who gets better grades!"

"..."





Chapter 846 Big Shots Gather at Number 60 High


Liu Qingyi and Wang Zhen's plan to transfer to Number 60 High wasn't a spur of the moment thing, but the same idea which they had both come up with a long time ago. Unexpectedly, it was also the first time that they more or less tacitly agreed on something.

As people from the Domain of the Gods, they had to consider a lot of things.

What kind of place was the Domain of the Gods?

It was the supreme paradise for cultivators, where the strongest cultivators gathered after ascension. But an unknown variable like this "Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch" had appeared outside of it. As people born in the Domain of the Gods, both of them automatically decided to remain in the world below to continue observing in secret and see what on earth was going on. Ordinarily speaking, there was an ascension mechanism in place in the world below: when one surpassed the Venerated Immortal level, they would automatically be able to sense the location of Nine-fold Star Domain of the Gods, and open the doors of heaven to reach it.

But this Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch was very strange: he seemed like one who could control all the laws and act completely freely, which was astonishing.

Wang Zhen acknowledged that on his own, he wasn't Wang Ling's match. However, Liu Qingyi was now here...

If they joined hands, would their strength on the surface be enough to battle Wang Ling to a tie?

Of course, this was all still unknown, and could only wait until they transferred to Number 60 High and investigated.

They could always fight at a later date.

On the other hand, this was a crucial matter of life and death for Nine-fold Star that couldn't be overlooked at all.

Such a venerable Almighty was hiding himself in a school in the human below, and even had his own family.

Who on earth was this person?

Could it be that he faked his family members?

Was he plotting anything?

And why was he asking around about the Domain of the Gods?

And then, what was he planning to do to it?

In the last few days, Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi had sunk deeper and deeper into their thoughts.

They felt that it was their time to stand up, investigate the truth, and save the world!

It had to be said that Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi were truly full of valor.

It was just a pity that Immortal Toya didn't have the Mind-Reading Ability, otherwise he would definitely stop this stupid move.

From this, one could see that not only was it human nature to repeat things, thinking too hard was also part of it.

...

Monday, August 14th.

It was the first day of the summer break, and also the day when Number 60 High School opened the transfer window. Because it was a more complicated process, the transfer window for Foundation Establishment high schools opened after the final exams every year.

This year, the number of transfer applicants for Number 60 High was unprecedented. One reason for this was Zhuo Yi, who had become increasingly well-known in Songhai city after arresting several big shots in succession over the past two months and which directly influenced Number 60 High's status in the city.

It was expected that Number 60 High would already be promoted to a key city high school by next year. Furthermore, the construction fund for the school grounds would be in place during this summer break, and the school would be transformed inside out.

This was thus a rare opportunity for a lot of parents, when Number 60 High still accepted students based on ordinary high school standards just as the school was about to undergo a dramatic evolution. Many parents were itching to take advantage of this opportunity.

Everyone knew that Number 60 High's biggest business investor was Huaguo Water Curtain Group! Not only was it the largest pill distributor, even the eldest daughter was studying at Number 60 High. Coupled with Zhuo Yi, who had been in the limelight recently, it was estimated that in another two years, Number 60 High could be promoted from a key city high school to a gold-class high school.

...

Although the students were on break, it was a very busy time for the director of education's office at Number 60 High; Director Shi had called Lao Gudong and Teacher Pan and asked them to stay back.

Number 60 High's Golden Core rate had always been low. For Number 60 High to be promoted to a key city high school next year, the Golden Core rate would become an important rank index of measure.

This was why this round of student enrollment was particularly important. With a quota limit for transfer students and a flood of applications sent in by parents, the school had to select students based on their overall excellence.

"I'm surprised there's quite a number of quality students." Lao Gudong flipped through the book and saw some familiar names.

For example, Number 59 High's delinquent senior "Tang Jingze" had actually sent in a transfer application.

"I remember him. He's a gifted student; it was just that he had a bad reputation in Number 59 High." Teacher Pan pushed up her gold-rimmed glasses and said, "But I think he can join our Grade One, Class Three."

Lao Gudong: "I thought Teacher Pan would refuse..."

"I just checked, and there was a clear change in Tang Jingze in the later half of the semester. Right after the spirit sword exchange meet that our class attended, people say it's as if he's become a completely different person. It was all students from our class who went to that exchange meet." Teacher Pan laughed. "It must be their fine manners which straightened out this delinquent!"

"..."

"Mm, we can indeed consider this Tang Jingze."

Director Shi also nodded as she flipped through another directory. "I think we should now consider the matter of Student Li Mingyao and Student Zhou Youzheng..."

Lao Gudong was blank for a moment; these two names somehow sounded a little familiar. After recalling them, he was taken aback. "Could these two children be..."

"That's right!" Director Shi's expression was serious. "These two children are the third scions from Songhai city's four big families. The Li family's skills store business and the Zhou family's artifact-refining business are extremely famous in the circle."

Lao Gudong was a little puzzled. "These two participated in the summer camp previously, but why do they suddenly want to transfer?"

"Perhaps it's for someone here... Our Number 60 High will become very famous if they join us. However, they said they must join the elite stream, though they didn't stipulate which class."

"They didn't come for Sun Rong, did they?" Teacher Pan hmphed. "I forbid my students to have relationships at this age!"

"That might be the case with anyone else, but definitely not these two." Director Shi said, "I remember when Student Sun Rong first joined Number 60 High, the other three big families of Songhai city did ridicule her a little for it, and these Young Masters Li and Zhou also indirectly mocked her on the school's Tieba forum. The two posts were deleted, but some capable online users dug them out. So, Li and Zhou deciding to transfer this time is for another reason."

"Was it because of Zhuo Yi?" Lao Gudong broke into a sweat.

The effect of this "so delicious 1 " law was a little sudden...

1(A reminder that this is a jibe at those who do or say one thing, only to demonstrate the complete opposite later ..) Of Songhai city's four big families, three of them had children studying at Number 60 High - once this got out, Number 60 High's impact would roll out in a fierce wave.

"It's possible!" Teacher Pan immediately nodded like a chicken pecking rice. "After all, he is the most outstanding student I've ever taught!"

Lao Gudong: "..."

"No matter who they're here for, we must respond prudently when these two join us. After all, their identities are a little unique..."

At that moment, Director Shi said, "Apart from them, I looked at the list earlier, and I think the next few students are also good."

"Oh? Which ones?"

"Wang Zhen, Liu Qingyi and... Gu Shunzhi." Director Shi said, "Here are their profiles, please have a look."





Chapter 847 Wang Ling's Summer Homework


Tuesday, August 15th.

It was officially the second day of the summer break.

Which of the summer breaks in the three years of high school was the most relaxing? It was naturally the first year, which didn't have the pressure of choosing courses and cram school in the second year, nor the tension of the last spurt before the college entrance exam in the third year.

The first year was the year of the salted fish 1 , and it was never like that again in the second and third years. But Wang Ling's summer break was even more idle and relaxing compared with other people's. The most common thing for students during the summer break was to attend cram school. For kids in the elite class in particular, if they wanted to put up a front as top students, they had to work hard behind the scenes.

1(Refers to people who have no intention of doing anything..) Before the start of the summer break, everything had already been fully arranged for Chen Chao, Guo Hao and Su Xiao by their parents.

But in the first week of the summer break, Teacher Pan sent a message in the parents' group chat requesting that parents of elite students not arrange any extracurricular lessons for their kids in the first week...

"Conspiracy! It has to be a conspiracy!"

In a chat group called "Ocean of Salted Fish," Chen Chao posted a screencap of Teacher Pan's message in the parents' chat, which his mother had sent to him.

"This Old Pan has to be a fake..." Su Xiao quickly replied.

After a semester of familiarizing themselves with the character of teacher-in-charge Pan Shengcong, everyone was more or less aware of what her personality was like. Old Pan wasn't one to be moved by force or persuasion, and was especially strict when it came to the students' learning. The one basic condition for negotiating with Old Pan was that as long as the students didn't neglect their studies, everything else was open to discussion.

However, this type of strict teacher-in-charge was now asking parents not to arrange any lessons for their kids in the first week of the summer break - there was no way they believed that!

"When the dogs lick up all the flour, the pigeons finish pecking the rice, and the fire melts all the locks... only then Old Pan will assign us less than ten sets of exercises." Chen Chao said, "Don't you think there's something fishy about this?"

"I think I might know why."

At that time, Guo Hao said, "Do you know that this year, Number 60 High is conducting the assessment for transfer students during the summer break? I heard that the number of transfer applications this year is thirty times more than in previous years."

Chen Chao and Su Xiao were startled. "Thirty times more??"

Guo Hao nodded his head. "That's right. Some say it's because of Senior Zhuo Yi, some say it's for Sun Rong."

Chen Chao: "Of course! They are the face of our school! It's not like they'd come for you or Wang Ling, right?"

Wang Ling: "..."

Not long after this discussion in the group chat, a new message notification suddenly sounded in Grade One, Class Three's class chat.

Chen Chao: "Damn! Old Pan @'ed everyone!"

When Chen Chao sent this, Wang Ling already saw several messages pop up in the class group chat.

Tapping open the class chat, the first sentence he saw was an extremely unusual greeting from Old Pan: "Dear students..."

Chen Chao: "Old Pan, don't scare us!"

Guo Hao: "Old Pan... if you want to assign exercises, just do it. Don't be like this, I'm scared."

Su Xiao: "Old Pan, I just finished the exercises at home yesterday... If you give us any more, my liver won't be able to take it; I'm used to finishing all my summer homework before taking a break."

When Su Xiao said that, Wang Ling took a glance at the monster pen and goblin eraser working at the table.

A thick stack of Dao talisman exercises were piled up on his table, and these were just the ones assigned by Old Pan; when they were completed and stacked up on the table, they could bury a person inside them.

Pen: "Lord Master, rest assured, we've already completed 78% of your summer homework."

Eraser: "Estimated time of completion is two hours!"

Teacher Pan would be very gratified to know that some of the kids had already finished the homework.

As a gold-class teacher at Number 60 High and a legendary teaching pioneer, Teacher Pan was worthy of her reputation. She smiled faintly, then swiftly replied, "Look at Student Su Xiao. All of you are my students, but why is he the only one to finish all the homework in one night? This shows that you're not as hard-working as he is! And ask yourself honestly, did I really give you a lot of homework? My exercises are only enough to fill a storage bag! A storage bag! Twenty grams! Lighter than an egg! Don't talk nonsense in the class chat! I've always followed the policy of lightening your burden, as requested by our leaders!"

Everyone: "..."

Teacher Pan: "Dear students, I'm already very good to you! The batch of seniors before you had brocade pouches that weighed a hundred grams! Oh, by the way, this is a reminder to all of you not to try and copy someone else's homework. The homework I assigned has an automatic recollection array in them which records down completed homework answers. If there is any sign of copying, I'll be able to detect it. The list of home visits for the summer break this year hasn't been fixed yet - anyone who copies homework will go on the list!"

Everyone: "..."

Teacher Pan cleared her throat and then sent a voice message to the group. "Back to the main point: what I'm going to talk about is also part of your summer homework, and is a practicum."

"A practicum?"

"All of you have already been at Number 60 High School for a whole semester. There are five more semesters to graduation, which is also another 4000 chapters to go."

"..."

"I believe all of you should have already heard that there are some transfer students joining our Number 60 High in the second semester. This time, we're using a merit-based enrolment approach: regardless of family background, we'll only select students who perform outstandingly during the assessment. Apart from their performance in the test paper, the battle interview is also an important assessment criterion."

"..."

Hearing that, the sixteen people in the class group chat were deathly quiet, and Wang Ling instinctively had a bad feeling.

"You know, I'll still be busy marking your final exam papers. When I'm done with that, I still have to contact the parents of those who didn't do well and pay them a visit, I'm so busy..."

"..."

"And so, everyone will stand in as examiners for the battle interview this time!"

"..."

"Of course, as your affable teacher-in-charge, I'll personally arrange the venue for you! Aren't you touched?!"

"..."

"The battle interview this time will be in 2v2 mode, and during the battle, you will need to demonstrate the ultimate killing move which you researched at the summer camp."

Hearing this, some of them already understood; while on the surface, this looked like an exam interview to test the strength of transfer students, it was in fact testing the Number 60 High students...

"The exam interview will begin the day after tomorrow. As students of the elite class, please be at school on time at eight in the morning to draw lots. Latecomers will get five marks deducted from their final exam. For those who don't show up, it's sixty-one marks off."

"..."

Speaking up to this point, Teacher Pan felt that she might be too harsh, and sent a red packet to the group. "This is a red packet to comfort you all! Actually, this teacher loves you all very dearly!"

"..."

Wang Ling tapped it open.

Hm...

It was a 1 HNY red packet...

Divided into ninety-nine parts...





Chapter 848 Dao Song Foreign Language High School


It was August 16th on Wednesday.

It was the third day of the summer break.

Number 60 High was already in summer vacation mode, except for the elite students... After careful consideration by Headmaster Chen and Director Shi, they decided to have the students from the elite classes step in for the 2v2 battle test interview.

In fact, this was a rare exchange opportunity, since most of the transfer candidates this time were from famous schools, like the Remnant Elder Senior High School students who were the third scions from two of the four big families, Li Mingyao and Zhou Youzheng.

Being from a renowned school and established family backgrounds, there was no need to doubt their strength among their peers.

When all was said and done, this looked on the surface like a battle test interview to assess new transfer students, but it was actually also a test of Number 60 High's elite students...

This was why Wang Ling wanted to join the regular class in the beginning.

The elite class was a lot of hassle...

During the draw event on that day, Chen Chao was actually a little moody. Old Pan had stressed repeatedly in the class chat that all elite students had to attend, but Chen Chao didn't dare vent his grievances. Thus, he simply changed the name of their small WeChat group from "Ocean of Salted Fish" to "Salted Fish Elites Are Never On Break" to make clear his dissatisfaction.

To this, Guo Hao only had one word: Coward!

Some of them had arrived at class early. Although Old Pan had fixed the time at eight, it had only been a few days since the start of the summer break, and most of them had yet to adjust their internal clocks. For example, Chen Chao and Guo Hao had already been up at six. With nothing to do, they flipped through a few apps, only to discover that the web authors they followed had gone out to collect reference materials, the uploaders they followed hadn't updated, and the cartoonists they followed had broken their hands... Bored stiff, they could only wash up a bit and go to school.

So when Wang Ling arrived at the classroom, there were already quite a number of people there.

Guo Hao was bickering with Chen Chao about changing the name of the group chat.

Guo Hao: "Super! If you're unhappy, just let it out!"

Chen Chao: "Let it out? Why don't you do it? You and Wang Ling are the only people in class who can make me do it!"

Wang Ling: "..."

Wang Ling could see that everyone was in low spirits.

Although the interview looked like it was a test of the transfer students, the elite students felt pressure no less than, or even more than what they felt during the final exams.

They were representing the school.

If they brought shame on the school during this battle, then what?

While the rule in previous years was that the current class arrangements weren't affected, no matter which class transfer students were ultimately placed in, everyone in class was still very keyed up.

In a situation like this, what the class didn't need was further stimulation.

And that was Wang Ling's goal for coming.

He wouldn't let anyone else join Grade One, Class Three.

The reason was very simple: otherwise, it'd become harder and harder to keep his marks down!

So no matter what type of opponents the people in class would face later, Wang Ling had made up his mind to observe secretly and help out his classmates.

Everyone had come early. This should have been the most idle period for Grade One with the final exams just over... It was while waiting nervously for the results of the final exams that the students turned into spectators, and coupled with their resentment this morning, many of them went on the school's Tieba to start collecting information on the students who wanted to transfer to Number 60 High.

In the end, it would have been better if they hadn't done the search!

A student from Dao Song Foreign Language High School had shared on his school's Tieba a photo of his transfer application for Number 60 High, which had been officially acknowledged. "Hehehe, I heard that Number 60 High have asked their own students to conduct the battle interview this time. What do you think their chances of winning are?"

"Poster, what class are you in? You want to transfer schools?"

"Is this shit school worth transferring to? Our Dao Song is number one!"

The number of hits for this post initially wasn't high, but after the Number 60 High students dug it out with a keyword search for information on Number 60 High transfers, this topic instantly exploded on Tieba.

"Dao Song Foreign Language High School? Fuck! Too arrogant!" A lot of the Number 60 regular class students had noticed this post. They took a screenshot of the original post, then posted it on Number 60 High's Tieba along with a link.

Plenty of Number 60 High students burned with fury in the early morning at the arrogant words. This included the remedial and regular class students, who were naturally very unhappy at seeing their school insulted online.

Plus, the other party had never shown any real intention to transfer at all, and was simply stirring up trouble!

"Dao Song Foreign Language Cultivation High School? What school is this?" Just skimming the post was enough to make Chen Chao smack the table and stand up. "Damn it! Let me fight him!"

"This is a cultivation high school built by a luxury goods foreign company. It's called DG for short in English, and has its own brand in Lixiu Nation. It mainly deals in high-end, customized, cultivation luxury goods. But this school isn't in our Peiyuan district; it's in Liyuan district, and is the top school there."

Guo Hao narrowed his eyes. "I sent that screenshot earlier to one of my uncles who's in the education field. He told me that the students in this cultivation high school all wear and use this foreign company's brand; their uniforms and spirit swords are all custom-made. It's also very easy to get into this school - just spend money. You only need to buy one luxury goods set to get in. Furthermore, the school guarantees that their students, even those who aren't very talented, will at the very least reach the late peak Foundation Establishment stage before they graduate."

After Guo Hao said this, everyone already understood - bluntly speaking, this was a school for the rich. Furthermore, to be able to give such a guarantee, it was obvious that the school had their own reasons for being so confident.

In an era of modern cultivation, as long as people were rich enough, they could throw money around and smash their way up to the Foundation Establishment and Golden Core stages!

That was the real difference between a rich player and a poor player.

"What's so great about having money?! So arrogant! Student Sun Rong's family is also very well-off! The difference between them is clear!" Su Xiao, who was normally a good-natured person, was also a little angry.

Sun Rong was also furious. "It's clear that this is a spoiled rich second generation. He's relying on his family's money and power to upgrade his strength, and now he's putting on airs."

At that moment, Guo Hao suddenly said, "This person commented again."

He shared the link in the class group.

When they opened the link for a look, that student had actually posted a series of replies under the original post.

"Hahahaha! That bunch of trash from Number 60 High are hurt? So, can I be considered a hot topic now?

"I don't want to transfer schools at all! But this is a good chance to teach the Number 60 High students a lesson. I'll teach you to be men!

"Oh, that's right, I'll use my strength to show everyone what kind of country can have such a trash school! Wait and see!"

"Fuck I can't stand this guy! I want to beat him up!"

Seeing these replies, practically everyone in Grade One, Class Three stood up.

Wang Ling himself quietly took a screenshot of this student's remarks and sent it directly to Lord Thunder.

Under the image, he typed just two words.

— Fix him!

Hm...

This DG High student had yet to realize how serious his situation was...





Chapter 849 A Ferment


The ferment this caused spread quicker than anyone expected, the main reason for it being the message Wang Ling sent. And this time, it wasn't a string of ellipsis... Just looking at this point, one could already see how serious the problem was!

After all, this had to do with the reputations of both schools. When a student made a mistake, the school generally wasn't involved. After receiving the message, the first thing Lord Thunder did was have Zhuo Yi find out about the situation. To avoid arousing suspicion, Zhuo Yi had Zhong Lang make the call.

In the end, DG High's attitude toward ordinary people was arrogant - two hours after calling to warn them, Zhong Lang called again, and the director of education on the other end replied unhurriedly in heavily accented Mandarin, "We're currently verifying this. Please don't worry, and give us some time."

So, after another two hours...

The other party's reply was: "We're currently verifying this. Please don't worry, and give us some time."

"Damn it."

Zhuo Yi was actually next to Zhong Lang as the latter made the inquiry over the phone, and this attitude pissed him off.

Zhuo Yi smacked the tabletop and stood up on the spot. "One minute, I want all the information on this school!"

A major nuisance of schools established by foreign companies was that they could bypass the local General Administration of 100 Schools and directly report their activities to the Alliance of Ten Thousand Schools. It thus wasn't strange for DG High to act so arrogantly toward the General Administration of 100 Schools. This was more or less the same problem with schools established by foreign companies in other cities - they weren't willing to directly follow the arrangements of the local General Administration of 100 Schools.

But DG High hadn't taken into account the fact that this was Songhai city!

Furthermore, they had no idea what kind of relationship Zhuo Yi had with the head of the Alliance of Ten Thousand Schools, Secretary Dakang.

The database of the Alliance of Ten Thousand Schools contained information on every school in the whole of Huaxiu nation. To access the database for an investigation usually required that notification be given at least eight hours beforehand. However, Zhuo Yi now had another important identity, as team leader of the Office of Strategic Deception's supervisory and investigation team. Given the Office's relationship with Huaxiu Alliance, plus Zhuo Yi's position, his request to access this data was reviewed far more quickly.

This data was extremely detailed.

Because this was official data from the Alliance of Ten Thousand Schools, it contained both the information submitted by the school as well as information that wasn't submitted, but which had been secretly investigated by the Alliance of Ten Thousand Schools and put in the database.

"This school's Golden Core rate isn't low." Zhong Lang glanced at the statistics.

"Children of the rich rely on medicine to advance." Zhuo Yi laughed. "Nowadays, the rich rely on technology while the poor rely on mutations. Our nation has never advocated taking drugs for cultivation growth, since it greatly undermines one's foundation. You know about the beef on the market that was injected with water? To increase the weight, sellers injected a lot of water into the beef in the short term to make it heavier, which massively reduced the quality. The same reasoning applies here."

Zhuo Yi very carefully searched through the thick stack of information, and then unexpectedly burst out laughing.

"Brother Zhuo, why are you laughing?" asked Zhong Lang.

"My shifu wants this school dealt with. Since we're doing this, we need to find a suitable excuse. Looking at the information we have, this school has committed previous offenses. DG has a high profile overseas, but it isn't in the top ten in Songhai city. The other party has always sent papers to foreign media mocking the level of our country's cultivation education level and degree of understanding."

Zhuo Yi said, "But it's very interesting that these were all reported abroad, whereas they haven't released anything in the local media."

"The nerve of these people..." Zhong Lang was shocked.

This was the typical hypocrite!

Making a profit off Huaxiu students while expressing their superiority abroad...

And unfortunately, the most hateful thing was that those kids who entered DG High were really brainwashed by this sense of superiority, making them think they were hot shots. Of course, these kids couldn't be blamed; it was solely because of their environment that had led to such a problem.

"DG thinks that no one can deal with them, but I already have some ideas." Zhuo Yi skimmed the information repeatedly. When he saw the list of medicines which DG provided the schoolkids with, he noticed that its biggest supplier was: Chrysanthemum Island.

So, it was someone on their own side.

Then the rest was very easy to arrange.

...

Roughly five minutes later, Immortal Toya posted on his official Weibo and Chrysanthemum Island's official account: I and my company Chrysanthemum Island are terminating our partnership in medicine resources with DG High School.

Attached under the post were several screenshots of DG High students insulting Number 60 High students, as well as some articles in another language that mocked the local education system.

This Weibo post was like a dropped bomb.

What was Immortal Toya's status now?

He was the team leader of the Office of Strategic Deception's medicine team, and the vice-chairman of Huaxiu's Alchemists' Association! He was now publicly declaring his stance.

And what even DG High School never expected...

Was for this declaration to trigger a boycott by the entire alchemy industry.

One after another, many major first- and second-class alchemists publicly stated that they were going to stop outsourcing medicine to DG High School.

In the space of a short morning, the matter completely blew up.

In addition to this, a new movement was already in full swing on Number 60 High's school Tieba — cheering on the students of the elite classes!

"Isn't that so-and-so from DG High looking down on us? Let him come! Beat the shit out of him, then send him packing!"

"That's right! We must beat him up! Our Number 60 High elite classes aren't just for show!"

"Does he think he can do whatever he wants just because his family has money? Our school's poor Classmate Wang Ling eats crispy noodle snacks every day, but can still get into the elite class - now that's real ability!"

Many students from the remedial and even regular classes spontaneously voiced their support for the elite class students on Tieba, firing up the elite students who had been feeling aggrieved that morning.

On the other hand, at DG High School, the school leaders finally realized how serious the problem was.

Because the student who had posted had been so unbridled, putting up pictures on Tieba of his school uniform and the luxury pills he used regularly, the school clearly couldn't use the excuse that this person wasn't their student.

And so, this bunch of quick-witted, foreign leaders hit on an exquisite excuse.

Wednesday, August 16th.

It was roughly one o'clock in the afternoon, six hours after the incident happened.

There was a post on DG High School's official Weibo: We're very sorry: our student's account was hacked!

And the image that came with it: NOT ME!





Chapter 850 Drawing Lots


To Wang Ling, the excuse that the account had been hacked was utterly ridiculous and somewhat brainless. It seemed that most foreigners had one-track minds. When those well-known foreign companies abroad saw that there were no more sheep to shear in their own countries, they turned their eyes to Huaxiu nation with its large population base and market potential.

Thus, many foreigners who wanted to make money in Huaxiu basically lumped together what they knew of Huaxiu with whatever subconscious stereotypes they had, to put out products which they proclaimed contained Huaxiu native characteristics, when in fact these products were extremely vulgar and laughable.

Switching to a new area after exhausting the old one made sense, but if you didn't grasp the correct approach, the end result would naturally be a huge mistake.

So, this announcement didn't calm the anger, but instead infuriated even more people. Originally, most people just lashed out at the student who posted and started the fight, but no one thought that DG High as the school authority wouldn't take the least bit responsibility, which was very disappointing.

This nonsense about the account being hacked was in a similar tone to the live streamer back then who said "I have a friend 1 "; in the end, it was nothing more than shooting themselves in the foot.

1(Refers to the game live streamer Lu Benwei who tried to cover up the fact that he cheated in a game by pretending that it was a friend who had used his account to play and cheated.) When DG High School released this statement, it took only an instant for the initial conflict between Number 60 High and DG High to spread to the whole of Peiyuan district, and finally to Songhai city and other parts of the country.

Number 60 High's Golden Core rate wasn't as high as DG High's and its campus facilities weren't as advanced, but as a local cultivation educational institution that had been long established in Songhai city, students who had gone through Huaxiu's local education system and entered society were no less proud of it.

"What do we do?"

The student who had posted sat in a chair inside DG High School's guidance office as the teachers had an emergency meeting.

They thought at first that this sudden incident wouldn't stir up much of a disturbance, and never expected it to have this type of impact.

The student who had posted was called Li Hao, but he wasn't related to the four big families Of Songhai City.

Li Hao's parents were foreign citizens with Huaxiu ancestry. As a child, he went to Lixiu nation's noble cultivation kindergarten, and once was even awarded first place in the Martial Arts Miao Miao Class 2 . His father Li Diao, currently called Brando, had had very strict expectations of him since young.

2(Xie Na is a Chinese host, singer and actress who once joked on TV that she learned martial arts in the Martial Arts Miao Miao Class as a kid ..) Furthermore, Li Hao was one of the successors of the modern vampire clan...

As long as modern vampires got enough nutrients from fresh blood every day, they no longer had to fear sunlight.

Li Hao thus had a superior advantage compared with an ordinary cultivator. He had a longer lifespan, was extremely agile, could jump very high, and had possessed uncanny strength since young. Not only that, he also had a strong regenerative ability.

This was a vampire cultivator, and also one of DG High School's pillars this year.

This was also one of the main reasons why DG High School chose to protect Li Hao after the incident.

Of course...

Another reason was that Li Hao's father, Li Diao, was one of the directors on the school board...

"Teachers, why are you worried? As long as I win against the other party, that'll solve everything." Li Hao wasn't the least bit panicked as he sat in his chair. "Although my realm is only at the late Foundation Establishment stage, you know what my actual fighting strength is like. I can easily defeat a cultivator at the middle Golden Core stage - these Number 60 High students are nothing! I think I can defeat ten of them!"

"It seems Young Master Li is quite confident of winning?"

Hearing this, the educational administration teacher also nodded. "I've already looked at their student profiles; except for Miss Sun Rong from Huaguo Water Curtain Group, I don't think the others are a threat at all."

"So what if it's Sun Rong?" Li Hao slammed his hand down on the arm of the chair. "I, Lin Hao, have lived for so long already - this time, I won't be human! Who cares what other people think? As long as I win, that's proof of everything!"

"Young Master Li makes a good point." The educational administration teacher nodded. "But Young Master Li should know..."

Li Hao: "?"

"You're not human to begin with."

"..."

...

The draw event came to a close in the afternoon.

Teacher Pan came to class to announce the results of the draw.

This was a draw for a 2v2 battle, which would be two transfer students versus two Number 60 High elite students.

Sun Rong and Chen Chao were one team.

Guo Hao and Su Xiao were one team.

Wang Ling and Fang Xing were one team...

After going through the teams for the Number 60 High students, Teacher Pan then pushed up her gold-rimmed glasses. "Next are the battle match-ups...

"Student Sun Rong and Student Chen Chao, you will be up against Tang Jingze from Number 59 High and Wu Yang from Tianshi Imperial High."

Why wasn't it against that damn Li Hao?

Chen Chao sighed regretfully. He had been fired up with indignation since the morning, and wanted to beat up that jeering DG High School student.

"Guo Hao and Su Xiao, your opponents are Student Li Mingyao and Student Zhou Youzheng from Remnant Elder Senior High School."

"WTF..."

Guo Hao and Su Xiao were alarmed.

These were two absolutely tough opponents who would be difficult to deal with!

Li Mingyao was known as the king of skills, because his family ran a string of skills stores, and he knew a whole bunch of skills and spells.

Zhou Youzheng wasn't a pushover either. There was no restriction on the use of magic treasures in the battle this time. As a descendant of a family that refined artifacts, Zhou Youzheng basically had a natural advantage.

Worse still, Li Mingyao and Zhou Youzheng were classmates to begin with, and had a certain rapport; if they teamed up together now, they would be even harder to handle!

However, Teacher Pan had expected this result earlier on. "Student Li Mingyao and Student Zhou Youzheng are elite students of Remnant Elder Senior High School, and furthermore are the cream of the crop, so naturally they won't be easy to deal with. Our advantage, however, is the information which we have on them, so I can customize tactics and strategies for you. If you feel that they'll be difficult to deal with, feel free to consult me any time."

"Is that alright..."

"Yes!" Teacher Pan nodded. "It's never wrong to know who your opponent is. This is also a test of what you have learned this semester."

At that point, Teacher Pan paused, then turned her gaze to Wang Ling. "Student Wang Ling will have to come with me later. Along with Class Two's Student Fang Xing, the three of us will have a meeting. Your opponents are that Li Hao from DG High School as well as his dad Li Diao, who is on the way here from abroad."

All the students were hugely alarmed. "Da- dad?"

"That's right... To be honest, even I didn't expect the other side to be this shameless."





Chapter 851 Number 60 High's Countermeasures


There was a saying: soldiers should be like father and son when they go into battle...

Because Li Hao invited his own father Li Diao to fight with him, DG High School successfully earned a new nickname: "Shameless."

Parents essentially shouldn't be eligible to compete, but DG High School straightaway approved Li Diao's school admission, which meant that Li Hao's father Li Diao was now also a student at DG High School, as well as a foreign one.

Songhai city had always been open to foreign students, and Li Diao met the relevant policy conditions, which was what allowed Li Hao and his father to be so shameless... According to the diplomatic privileges which foreign students had when studying abroad, Li Diao was free to apply to transfer schools, which was different from Li Hao's direct application.

To put it bluntly, Number 60 High could reject Li Hao's unsolicited application, but it was in order to make DG High realize the error of its ways that Number 60 High accepted this unconventional challenge. However, Number 60 High didn't have the right to reject Li Diao's application, unless he failed the qualification test and was directly eliminated...

In order to deal with this behavior of forcefully pulling in foreign aid, Number 60 High held an emergency discussion meeting of all the teams.

This time, there were eight teams made up of elite students.

It was Wednesday, August 16th.

Lao Gudong was presiding over the meeting in the meeting room attached to the headmaster's office.

Team 2's Guo Hao opened his mouth. "Our Team 2 should be the one to fight Li Hao!"

Very quickly, someone said, "Let our Team 1 fight him!"

"No, our Team 4 should be the one to go up!"

"You must let our Team 2 fight!"

Everyone was talking at once in the meeting room. Lao Gudong coughed lightly, and the room swiftly quieted down. "Stop arguing! One plan here, one plan there, who on earth should we listen to? If we don't win, it's my latiao that I'll lose."

A boy with small eyes from Team 4 asked, "Teacher, then you should choose a stronger team, right? Or change the lineup. That Li Hao wants to bring his own father to the fight - if you send Team 3 up, there's no way Classmate Fang Xing can do it by himself! Classmate Wang Ling has always just been a mascot!"

Wang Ling: "..."

"Team 4 Captain, how can you say that?" Guo Hao refuted. "We might be arguing who should go up because we're afraid Wang Ling will get hurt, but though he looks fragile, he's not as weak as you think. If you're not convinced, why don't you PK him?"

"Don't mind me, bro! I didn't think it through..." The boy with small eyes was instantly terrified.

Although he didn't acknowledge Wang Ling's strength, he thought that what he said just now indeed was a little inappropriate. He almost forgot that after the spirit sword exchange meet, plus a narrow escape from the space rift, Classmate Wang Ling had already become Number 60 High's male koi fish 1 .

1(Koi fish are a symbol of good luck in Asia.) And now, he was the school's favorite.

"Whatever the case, Li Hao and his father are being very shameless." Lao Gudong chewed on a piece of latiao. "So we're not rushing into this battle to win, but to show everyone how shameless they are."

"... Teacher, are you saying that we should let Team 3 lose on purpose?"

"We can lose, but we don't have to."

Lao Gudong shook his head. "Li Hao and his father will be coming with the intent to kill this time. They won't let Student Wang Ling and Student Fang Xing off so easily. So, our plan is to have Student Wang Ling stall Li Hao's father so that Student Fang Xing can beat Li Hao as quickly as possible. As long as Li Hao is defeated, we win."

Speaking up to this point, Lao Gudong took out a packet of latiao from his pocket. "This packet of latiao is called 'shen tui deng yan 2 ' latiao. Student Wang Ling can eat one before the start of the match; when you're beaten up, you'll recover quickly from your injuries. One packet of latiao will stall Li Hao's father for three minutes, so Student Fang Xing must defeat Li Hao in three minutes."

2(Literally translates to "stretch legs and widen eyes," and is the name of a fictional pill which can cure or resurrect a person.) Everyone: "..."

Lao Gudong: "This plan is also called 'Operation Sacrifice Mascot Wang Ling.'"

Wang Ling: "..."

In the end, he was still a mascot...

...

It was Thursday, August 17th.

Number 60 High's interview test for transfer students began and all the elite students were ready for action. Today was a very solemn day for everyone, because it concerned the reputation of the whole of Number 60 High School as well as the whole of Huaxiu's local cultivation education system.

Losing to Li Diao was fine since he had an unfair advantage, but they absolutely couldn't lose to Li Hao!

The war could be lost, but Li Hao had to die!

Early that morning, a lot of students from Number 60 High's regular classes and even remedial classes posted all kinds of memes they had made on every major school's Tieba to cheer on the elite students.

This produced a large, united response in the school circle: Number 59 High's Tieba, Reliance High's Tieba, Prime Elevation High's Tieba, God Vision High's Tieba... one by one they spontaneously responded to cheer on Number 60 High School's elite students.

The main thing was that schools which initially had conflict or rocky relationships with each other inadvertently came together because of this incident.

DG High's act of discrimination thus had monumental and progressive significance...

Huaxiu's local cultivation schools drew closer to each other thanks to DG High School...

In the lounge for the elite classes, Wang Ling and his fellows were waiting to be called for their turns in the 2v2 battle. Sun Rong and Chen Chao as Team 1 would go up first to fight Tang Jingze and Wu Yang.

But it was clear that most people's attention weren't on this match, because there was a new image on the split screen from the lounge for transfer students on the other side.

An imposing and burly, blond and blue-eyed man stepped into the lounge with a teenager who was also blonde, instantly attracting the attention of the whole lounge.

"Li Hao and his father?"

In the lounge, someone raised an eyebrow. "Two Golden Lion Kings 3 !"

3(From the novel "The Heaven Sword and Dragon Saber..") "His father sure is big." Someone sighed.

Everyone's eyes were filled with anger.

It wasn't just the students in the lounge for elite classes, but the people in the lounge for transfer students disliked Li Hao and his father just as much.

"Classmate Fang Xing, what do you think your chances of winning are?" someone asked Fang Xing.

Li Hao's giant of a father made them feel more stressed. As Team 3's "main force," Fang Xing was in fact helping Wang Ling out by drawing a lot of the attention.

"Play it by ear." Fang Xing smiled slightly, his expression as gentle as always.

Actually, he was also very, very curious to know how long Li Hao's father could last against Wang Ling...

But there was one thing that he could be sure of — if they won this match, he definitely would have to be the one to shoulder the wok.

As the group of students were talking it over, Guo Hao suddenly exclaimed, "WTF! I received a photo of Li Hao!"

Su Xiao was blank. "He's already here, why are you so flustered?"

"It's not that!"

Guo Hao held up his phone screen for everyone to see. "Look..."

The Li Hao on the screen was that very burly and huge middle-aged man who had just entered the lounge for transfer students.

"..." Wang Ling was shocked.

Some students looked like parents...

But this was too much!





Chapter 852 The Mysterious Visitor From the Domain Of the Gods


Any regular person could see that Li Hao and his father were foreigners. Bluntly speaking, the reason why Li Hao was so blatantly picking on Huaxiu's local cultivation education system was essentially because of the foreign blood that flowed through his veins. His mother was from Huaxiu and his father Li Diao from Lixiu. From the moment he was born, Li Hao was well-known in Lixiu nation for being a fusion of the Lixiu local vampire and a cultivator.

A cultivation vampire basically had a natural advantage over ordinary cultivators when it came to cultivation, and were classed as a special community in An Introduction to International Cultivation . In fact, according to the International Cultivation Convention, special cultivation communities had to be regulated by local authorities; you had to prove you were harmless before you could have the same rights as an ordinary person.

So the fact that Li Diao and Li Hao were still alive... proved that these two actually weren't bad at heart - maybe they were simply braindead and asking to be beaten up.

When Wang Ling thought about these two cultivation vampires working hard in Lixiu nation as they fought for the same rights and benefits as an ordinary person... he wondered how many grandmothers they had to help cross the street in exchange for their current freedom!

Meanwhile, those vampires who truly couldn't control the desire for blood were supervised by Lixiu and could only live in the dark.

At that thought, Wang Ling, who was sitting in the lounge, thought that Li Hao and his father were actually very similar to the keyboard warriors on the Internet...

Their online and real life appearances were completely different.

Lixiu had always strictly supervised vampires. When this father and son pair arrived in Huaxiu, it was as if they were completely liberated.

Cultivation vampires were a type of opponent Wang Ling had never encountered and he had no idea what it would be like in an actual fight... But for Wang Ling, this type of fight couldn't even be called a fight at all; this was just fooling around.

Wang Ling even felt that walking Er Ha was a little more tiring than a fight of this scale - the point was that it couldn't help him burn any calories at all!

...

There were two matches before his showdown with Li Hao and his father. Although the students had already been divided into teams, the order of battle was determined by drawing lots. Of the two battles before this, one was Liu Qingyi and Wang Zhen against two students from Elite Class Two, and the other also featured Elite Class Two students, whose opponents were Nan Su, a student from Reliance High School, and an expert whom Wang Ling had inadvertently noticed: Gu Shunzhi...

First, Liu Qingyi and Wang Zhen.

Wang Ling's attitude toward these two had changed a little in the past two days.

Because last night, Liu Qingyi and Wang Zhen had together bought a truckload of crispy noodle snacks. Furthermore, they were all limited editions that were hard to come by.

So Wang Ling's requirement for Liu Qingyi and Wang Zhen now was that they could fight with words.

However, they absolutely couldn't be admitted into Grade One, Class Three, because that would seriously affect Wang Ling keeping his grades down. As long as they didn't enter Grade One, Class Three, everything else was fine. If they did, he would deal with them...

This was the text Wang Ling sent to Liu Qingyi and Wang Zhen last night.

Liu Qingyi and Wang Zhen shuddered when they read it. They didn't dare disbelieve it, because Wang Ling really had that type of strength.

And for the battle this time, Wang Ling had noticed another expert: Gu Shunzhi...

This person had hidden himself so deeply that even Liu Qingyi and Wang Zhen hadn't noticed.

But Wang Ling was sure that this person was far from simple, because he also had the aura of the Domain of the Gods on him.

Gu Shunzhi...

Wang Ling repeated the name in his heart.

He had heard Wang Zhen say before that the aristocratic family currently ranked first on Nine-fold Star Domain of the Gods was the Gu family.

But was there an additional connection between this Gu Shunzhi and the Gu family?

Reasonably speaking, if Gu Shunzhi was from the Gu family, then Wang Zhen should have already detected him early on... Although Wang Zhen's strength was still restricted by Heavenly Dao at the moment, he still regarded the Gu family as his sworn enemy, so he should be extremely sensitive to members of the Gu family.

Wang Zhen, however, didn't have any reaction at all, which was also the strangest thing about it.

Fortunately, Wang Ling had noticed Gu Shunzhi.

But this was by no means the right time to alert the other party...

Wang Ling could only pretend that he hadn't noticed anything.

Moreover, this Gu Shunzhi was very strange. He seemed to have some sort of magic treasure on him which prevented Wang Ling from reading his mind, so Wang Ling didn't know if the other party was targeting Wang Zhen, Liu Qingyi... or directly targeting him.

Before finding out what the other party's true objective was, it was best for Wang Ling to pretend that he didn't know anything, since this meant that he could ultimately swindle several crispy noodle snack packets out of Gu Shunzhi.

...

Liu Qingyi and Wang Zhen formed one team to fight elite students from Class Two, and predictably, the battle ended quickly. However, they pulled their punches so that the Class Two students didn't look too bad, even sacrificing their bodies to let the Class Two students get some hits in. It could be said that the two Class Two elite students lost very gracefully.

The only problem was that after leaving the field, the two students felt their hands hurt...

Wang Ling also paid special attention to Gu Shunzhi's team. This Gu Shunzhi had extremely powerful body movements and physical combat skills; cultivators also called the latter: body techniques.

Without using any special spells at all, or even a magic treasure, he defeated the students from Class Two. Compared with Liu Qingyi and Wang Zhen, who had pulled their punches, Gu Shunzhi was relentless in his movements. Throughout the whole battle, everyone saw his image flicker all over the field, and the Class Two students collapsed before they could react.

The whole audience cried out!

The Number 60 High teachers who were watching the battle each flipped through Gu Shunzhi's profile.

"Which school is this Gu Shunzhi from? So strong?"

"Garleton Cultivation School." Lao Gudong pushed up his glasses and said, "This is also a cultivation high school in Songhai, but it's ranked at the bottom and is weaker than Number 60 High overall. This Student Gu Shunzhi is also originally a transfer student at Garleton Cultivation School; he transferred there three months ago."

"This is a rare good seed!" the teachers marveled.

"This Student Gu Shunzhi seems proficient in body techniques. Except for Grade One, Class Three's Chen Chao, our Number 60 High basically doesn't have any students good at body techniques. If we can take him in, it'll greatly benefit this year's students in the training and development of their body techniques. Even I have never seen the body techniques he used, and his body movements are exceptional; they remind me of a legendary body movement prodigy..."

"Do you mean Breaking Desire?" Lao Gudong asked.

"That's right, that person." The teacher nodded.

"But no one can learn Breaking Desire's abilities... In order to stimulate his adrenaline to the fullest when performing his body movements, he castrated himself..." Lao Gudong tsked.

Listening to the teachers' conversation, Wang Ling felt himself ache a little down below.





Chapter 853 Heavenly Dao's Gift


In the eyes of many, Gu Shunzhi's body techniques were just like a grand waltz, performed without any affected airs - it was as if all the power within his control was perfectly laid out.

The fights were based on a points system - one point for each hit - and once someone passed out, the fight was over. As Gu Shunzhi's attacks skimmed over his opponents, he won with over a thousand points, while the two poor Class 2 students weren't able to even touch a strand of hair on Gu Shunzhi's head.

"This person is like a dragon in the water..." someone exclaimed admiringly at Gu Shunzhi's brilliant body movements.

This person had reached a heaven-defying level in both body techniques and body movements.

Wang Ling closed his eyes - this battle was already decided, so he no longer paid any attention to it. Instead, he now had to figure something out: who on earth was Gu Shunzhi, what was his purpose, and why couldn't he read Gu Shunzhi's mind?

Several seconds later...

Wang Ling's spiritual will directly reached the Heavenly Dao Committee's meeting room.

The six Great Heavenly Dao, who were having a tea party, were frightened by the intensity of this will. Strength Heavenly Dao was so startled that he directly spat his tea in Time Heavenly Dao's face.

The six Great Heavenly Dao stood up, and then Strength Heavenly Dao stepped forward to gaze at the prominent pair of eyes in the sky which were particular to Wang Ling — a pair of dead fish eyes that were far from cheap or conventional.

Strength Heavenly Dao pulled his neck back. "Your Excellency Ling, why have you come?"

Wang Ling blinked and the image of Gu Shunzhi's attack in the world below was projected into the sky through Wang Ling's pupils.

"So you're investigating this person..." Strength Heavenly Dao understood.

He turned to the rest of the Heavenly Dao. "Everyone, do you have any idea who this person is?"

"I know him."

After several seconds of silence, Time Heavenly Dao stepped forward. "Your Excellency Ling, as far as I know, this person is from a world in a different timeline, and should be from the future..."

After that, he waved his hand, and a golden talisman emerged from his palm, which was ultimately absorbed by Wang Ling's pupils.

Time Heavenly Dao: "Your Excellency Ling, this is a time location talisman, and it contains my power. You can merge it with a magic artifact to create a time tracker magic artifact and find out that person's exact identity."

"Mm."

Wang Ling gave a light reply.

Then, he closed his eyes, and the massive eyes in the sky directly disappeared.

As if a weight had been lifted off their shoulders, the Great Heavenly Dao sat down on the ground, and each and every one of them heaved a sigh of relief.

Strength Heavenly Dao: "Sir Time, why didn't you directly tell His Excellency Ling who this person is?"

Time Heavenly Dao: "Who is His Excellency Ling that he needs me to tell him? His Excellency Ling will look so cool when he finds out for himself! What do you think? How many marks do I get for flattery?"

The other Heavenly Dao: "..."

...

When Wang Ling opened his eyes again in the lounge for Number 60 High School's elite students, the fight featuring Gu Shunzhi's natural and smooth movements was already over.

Time Heavenly Dao had given him a Heavenly Dao golden talisman to trace Gu Shunzhi's identity - Time Heavenly Dao obviously knew Gu Shunzhi's identity, but couldn't reveal it directly.

The Heavenly Dao had their own rules. Wang Ling didn't think he was a difficult person, and was pretty reasonable. Since Heavenly Dao wanted him to find out for himself, then he should just do that.

Wang Ling recalled that he had a discarded iPad in his bedroom. If he merged it with this golden talisman and enlightened it, it would be a powerful time magic artifact.

Wang Ling decided to give the iPad the name: Ipoid — Huaxiu Daoist name: Tablet!

...

At 3:40pm, the Team 3 showdown that everyone was waiting for finally began.

A barrier and temporary arena had been set up in Number 60 High School, according to pretty much the same specifications as for the World Martial Arts Tournament Gym 1 . The materials used, however, were much worse than those for the Office of Strategic Deception's founding ceremony. The school had to cut costs and spend on education... Number 60 High's Headmaster Chen was notoriously stingy.

1(From Dragon Ball..) Going up to the arena with Fang Xing, Wang Ling noticed that his shoes were a little dusty. If he had known earlier, he wouldn't have worn white shoes today.

In Wang Ling's shoe cupboard at home, most of his shoes were white. Although they got dirty easily, white was indeed Wang Ling's most favorite color, representing cleanliness and purity.

However, Fang Xing, who went on stage with Wang Ling, didn't have time to care about his shoes.

To be honest, Fang Xing was a little nervous. This was his second time standing on the same battle line as Wang Ling to face an enemy. The last time was during the attack on Immortal Mansion... although he had already been unconscious by then.

"Come on, Wang Ling! Come on, Fang Xing! Beat the shit out of them!"

"Hold steady, Wang Ling! Just leave it to Fang Xing! Remember, you're forever a koi fish!"

"Fang Xing, if you're a man, hold Li Hao's head down and beat him up for ten seconds!"

Wang Ling: "..."

"What do you want to do? I'll play along." Fang Xing took a deep breath, his expression deadly serious. His eyes were fixed on Li Hao and Li Diao in front of them.

His nerves were purely because he didn't know how to shoulder this wok... The guy who was the best at this kind of thing was actually Zhuo Yi!

Li Hao stepped onto the stage, his arms folded. He had corded muscles and his entire frame was unusually broad. He was actually a whole two heads taller than his father, Li Diao, who was like a demonic teenager and completely blocked from view when he stood behind Li Hao.

Li Diao was a man who had already lived for over eight hundred years, but there was no way he could live that long by relying on his cultivation; it was because he was a vampire that he had a much longer lifespan.

And this was clearly one of the strengths of a vampire. Many cultivators spent lots and lots of energy breaking through realms in their pursuit of long lifespans. If they succeeded, they could live for another century. If they failed, they would end up directly dying in a seated position and become skeletons.

Vampires weren't bothered by the problem of longevity at all. Even if they didn't have enough cultivation, they could live for a very long time by relying on this special physique which never aged.

At that moment, the two sides were standing face-to-face.

"Players ready! Match, begin!" a teacher called out.

Li Hao rushed straight at Wang Ling.

Squash the soft persimmon first!

The moment he stepped on stage, his eyes were already fixed on Wang Ling.

He had investigated Fang Xing, who was a transfer student from Tianshi Imperial High School and might not be easy to deal with.

But this frail-looking and fair teenager standing before him looked like a typical skinny nerd without the slightest bit of protein in him — he must have grown up eating junk food!

As Li Hao swung a fist at Wang Ling, little did he know that he had already pissed Wang Ling off...





Chapter 854 Wang Ling's Display of Anger


It was clear when some people were angry, and they expressed it in the following ways: increased adrenaline, a flushed face and labored breathing, enlarged pores, glowering eyes, hair standing on end, a racing heart, voting for Kuxuan's new book and so on...

And there were some who tended to handle things in a cold manner, adopting a supremely dismissive stance.

When Wang Ling's expression darkened, Fang Xing could already sense that Wang Ling was angry. Although Wang Ling usually spoke little and had a poker face, his supreme disdain when he was angry was completely different.

One of the clearest signs was a drop in temperature. The air-conditioning in the gym was set at just 25°C, which was the most comfortable temperature, but the teachers watching the match couldn't help curling in on themselves.

"What's going on? Why is it suddenly so cold?"

A female teacher sneezed and was astonished when the air she breathed out turned into white vapor.

"Is the air-conditioning broken?" A male teacher also felt a little cold, and immediately picked up the transmission talisman in his hand. "Attention, logistics department, turn off the air-conditioning!"

The teacher in the logistics department was blank. This absolutely wasn't a problem with the air-conditioning, which was working normally! However, he couldn't explain the dramatic drop in temperature inside the gym. He had taken a look at the indoor thermostat just now, and it was already -3°C...

Li Hao's punch was extremely ferocious, but the moment his fist approached Wang Ling, he could clearly feel a chill penetrate his body, which made him unable to display the true power of this punch - it felt like all his muscles were frozen and stuck!

"How can this be..."

Li Hao scowled as he felt his body slow down.

"Don't look down on others."

Fang Xing stepped forward of his own accord to meet Li Hao's punch.

Actually, the punch wasn't that strong, but Fang Xing took it basically to protect Wang Ling.

Because people tended to lose all rationality when they were angry...

If Li Hao had hit Wang Ling with that punch, the power of the backlash alone from Wang Ling's Sage Body would have caused Li Hao's arm to directly explode into fine dust.

"There's something strange about these two students." After observing for a while on the side, Li Diao grabbed the front of Li Hao's shirt and took a step back.

Li Hao was huge and stood there looking like a small mountain, but Li Diao lifted him up as if he was a chicken.

Li Hao's body was trembling because of the chill.

Vampires had already evolved to no longer fear the sun, but the cold instead. They were originally a race that depended on fresh blood to survive. The cold slowed down their blood circulation, hampering their movements and even slowing down their reactions.

Li Hao could be considered a young vampire. The strength of a vampire enabled him to surpass the realm he was meant to have at his level, but fear of the cold was his weakness.

Angering Wang Ling in this battle unexpectedly brought out this weakness of Li Hao's.

"Utterly useless." Li Diao looked at his disappointment of a son and felt the urge to step on and burst his balls. In any case, vampires had a strong regenerative ability, so they would fill out again even after being crushed.

He used the power of his own blood to help Li Hao's blood circulate and manually increase the blood flow.

It was such a comfortable feeling.

At that moment, Li Hao started to miss a drink popular among vampires — tampon coffee. The extreme cold made him miss the feeling of a hot cup of tampon coffee. The tampon's dense clots of blood mixed into the black coffee was a drink for the nobles that was hard to come by in the whole of the vampire race.

When Li Hao came back to his senses, he was dazed when he saw that his father was holding him. "Father..."

He had blacked out just now!

Because of the excessive cold!

Fortunately, Li Diao handled the situation in time to make it look less embarrassing; it appeared as if the father was helping to pull his son some distance away from the fight to prepare for the next attack.

"Before I crush your balls like lightbulbs, you better show some vigor..." Li Diao gazed at Li Hao with eyes like a viper poised to strike, making Li Hao quiver as he instantly woke up.

At that point, Li Hao finally realized that the two Number 60 High elite students in front of him weren't opponents that were easy to deal with...

This sudden drop in temperature was definitely their doing!

However, only Li Hao and Li Diao were aware of this stifling feeling, since the battle was confined within the barrier, and the teachers responsible for monitoring battle progress were standing outside the barrier. Although they could sense the abnormal change in temperature, they definitely weren't feeling it as keenly as Li Hao inside the barrier.

The temperature outside the barrier was -3°C, but inside, it was dozens of degrees below zero...

"Damn! They actually made me lose face in front of my father!" Li Hao clenched his teeth fiercely, and his anger caused his blood to flow more quickly. Coupled with the strength Li Diao had poured into his body, Li Hao's fighting strength after he was provoked soared in an instant.

An increased blood flow for vampires meant faster speeds, quicker reactions, and greater power...

"Go, defeat him! Especially the one that grew up eating junk food!" Li Diao narrowed his eyes as he gazed at Wang Ling, full of confidence in his son.

As soon as he said the words, Li Diao realized all of a sudden that his surroundings seemed to have frozen, almost like... a time freeze?

This was an extremely strange scene, as the entire world quieted down after the time freeze...

Except for Fang Xing and Li Diao, everyone else in that moment was frozen, including Li Hao.

"Wang Ling..." Fang Xing was frightened by this power. To actually directly freeze time for the whole world... How many people under the sun could do this?

In that moment, no one was more petrified than Li Diao...

The power to freeze time...

In the history of his Li family, there was once a family head called "Dior" who was once defeated by a force called "World"... That "World" back then was a power similar to a time freeze, but it was only for five seconds.

But now, it had already been a few minutes...

Time was still immobile!

Danger!

Li Diao instinctively sensed the danger. He wanted to grab Li Hao and retreat, only to realize that a tremendous pressure was preventing his own body from moving!

Then, Wang Ling walked toward Li Diao step by step.

"So it's you..." Li Diao broke into a cold sweat.

Wang Ling wasn't in a hurry to act.

He stretched out his hand, and a space opened in the air — noodles, come!

Wang Ling directly took out a regular crispy noodle snack packet.

Then, he opened it, added the pepper seasoning, and crushed the crispy noodle snack evenly.

Li Diao still had no idea what the young man was planning to do.

The next moment, Wang Ling directly grasped Li Diao's jaw and poured the crispy noodle snack into his mouth...





Chapter 855 The Power Of Expired Food


What did it feel like to be force-fed crispy noodles?

Wang Ling controlled every crispy noodle grain that ran down Li Diao's throat; he even poured in all the pepper until there wasn't even a speck of it left. For a moment, Li Diao's throat felt as dry as a desert, the moisture all taken away by the crispy noodle snack until it was so dry that he wanted to cough.

But the young devil in front of him had no intention of letting him go at all. Li Diao felt like a doll at the other party's mercy, and was unable to move at all; even his mouth and tongue were being controlled. He didn't have the least bit room to struggle.

After a whole crispy noodle snack packet was poured into Li Diao's stomach, this young devil stubbornly crumpled up the packaging and also stuffed it into Li Diao's mouth.

Finally, he jerked Li Diao's jaw up fiercely.

Crack!

Li Diao swallowed the crispy noodle snack packaging with a loud gulp, to the sound of his jaw breaking.

After doing all this, Wang Ling's gloomy mood finally lifted.

That crispy noodle snack just now was an expired one from home, but Wang Ling had been unwilling to throw it away.

This was a regular edition crispy noodle snack. It may be expired, but as long as he accumulated a certain number of them, he could take them to the store to exchange them for an even better limited edition flavor.

How could he be willing to let Li Diao eat the limited edition or enchanted ones?

Wang Ling felt that this type of big moron with a cheap and foul mouth who wouldn't acknowledge other people was only fit to eat expired snacks! Giving him an expired crispy noodle snack packet was already too good for him! If there hadn't been any other expired snacks at home, Wang Ling even felt like smearing that premium dog food which Er Ha had hidden under the toilet lid all over Li Diao's face.

Hu...

Wang Ling let out a long breath.

Instantly, Fang Xing and Li Diao felt the surrounding temperature start to increase and gradually return to normal.

This showed that Wang Ling had cooled down.

He had always thought of himself as a more zen person. The last time he had been this angry was when Er Ha as a toad had flattened the flagship store under its butt, instantly enraging Wang Ling. After the flagship store was flattened, there weren't any good quality crispy noodle snacks that little Wang Ling could buy, and he could only subsist on ordinary versions at the time.

But Wang Ling never thought that there would actually be someone else brazenly courting death today.

Panic...

Panic from the depths of the soul flooded Li Diao's whole body and made him shudder. He had been so high before the fight started, but now he couldn't be any more terrified.

His jaw was broken. Generally speaking, this injury should have healed very quickly given his physique, but at the moment, his jaw was recovering ninety percent slower than usual. Although it was healing, the pain of the broken bones mending felt like an author being crucified and roasted over a bonfire for slow updates — it was persistent and never-ending suffering!

"Who... Who are you..."

Li Diao gazed at Wang Ling in fear.

"Classmate Wang Ling, are you going to use an Amnesia Punch? You can leave it to me." At that moment, Fang Xing stepped forward. According to the regular order of things, he was guessing that Wang Ling would definitely use some kind of amnesia spell next. Given how annoying Li Diao was, what was the most brutal type of amnesia spell that could be used on him? Nothing beat an Amnesia Punch...

The most important thing was that he was afraid that Wang Ling would directly kill Li Diao, so Fang Xing decided he should do it.

That way, he could ensure that there was a cap on the strength used.

In any case, he was the leader of the Office of Strategic Deception's goon squad!

"Classmate Wang Ling, just leave the rest to me." And so, Fang Xing smiled slightly and took the initiative to shoulder the "wok."

Wang Ling: "Mm..."

When Fang Xing clenched his fist and released his aura, Li Diao's expression changed drastically... only then did he realize that this Fang Xing also wasn't any damn regular person!

Even if the demon youngster wasn't here and Fang Xing acted alone, Li Diao and Li Hao didn't have the slightest chance of winning.

"Is there anything you want to ask before you pass out?" Fang Xing gazed at Li Diao.

Li Diao: "With your strength... why are the two of you here? Who the hell are you people? Is this spell to stop time called: World..."

Li Diao had many questions.

However, Fang Xing replied with just one sentence: "Not telling you!"

Then, a fist the size of a sandbag smashed into Li Diao's head, and he felt his vision go black before he was swiftly knocked out.

That punch just now was the legendary "Amnesia Punch," but Fang Xing had masterfully controlled his strength, erasing Li Diao's memory of what he had seen just now and leaving only his fear of Wang Ling.

If Wang Ling acted, Fang Xing surmised that it was likely Li Diao would even forget his own mother!

...

A few minutes after that "Amnesia Punch," time started moving once again.

When Li Diao came back to his senses, he could clearly sense a blank space in his mind.

What happened...

It felt like he had been punched in the face, and even his jaw was broken... but the scariest thing was that he had no idea at all what happened.

"Lord Father! How should we handle these two? Which one do you want?"

On the other side, Li Hao, who was completely unaware of the situation, was still full of fighting spirit.

But in the next moment, Li Diao met Wang Ling's gaze, and his heart was immediately swamped with panic.

All his hair stood on end!

Li Diao raised his hand; an intense survivor's instinct was telling him to drag Li Hao away and leave this place, but at that very moment, his stomach released a "gu gu gu" sound! The expired crispy noodle snack which Wang Ling had poured into Li Diao's body just now was taking effect!

When he had poured the crispy noodle snack into Li Diao's stomach, Wang Ling had enlightened a bacterium in passing...

This bacterium would make Li Diao suffer incessant diarrhea for centuries to come!

It felt like a long time had passed after Li Hao's first punch, but there weren't any signs that a confrontation had taken place in the arena, and a lot of people were feeling very anxious.

"What's going on? Are they fighting or not?"

"Wang Ling is the weakest in our school's elite stream! Why does it feel like Li Diao's looking at him strangely... Is it possible that he's intimidated by Wang Ling's dead fish eyes?" said Chen Chao, pursing his lips.

While everyone was wondering what was going on...

Because of an acute stomach ache, Li Diao crouched down on the ground under everyone's blank gazes.

"Lord Father, what's wrong?" Li Hao bent down to ask in concern.

The next second, Li Diao's face changed dramatically. "Not good! I can't hold it!"

A shit-yellow substance shot out of his ass, the force so strong that everyone was stupefied!

Li Diao was propelled forward by this massive force. His head hit Li Hao's chin so hard that the latter's vision went dark and he passed out on the spot.

This scene happened too suddenly...

When everyone came back to their senses, Li Hao and his father were already lying in a pool of shit...





Chapter 856 The Follow-Up to the Incident with Li Hao and His Father


On August 17th, in the face of the provocation from DG High's Li Hao and his father, this farce ultimately ended with the two of them disgracing themselves. The most important thing was that Li Hao and his father's loss was truly so unsightly... That day, the most miserable people, apart from Li Hao and his father, were Number 60 High's cleaning ladies...

Wearing face masks, the cleaning ladies cursed eighteen generations of Li Hao's ancestors as they cleaned the ground. This shit-yellow substance on the ground was the resulting spray of a combination of the expired crispy noodle snack which Li Diao had eaten and the superbug in his stomach. It was in fact stickier than normal shit and impossible to get rid of as it stuck to the ground like Slime 1 . Furthermore, it gave off a very foul smell.

1(A monster in the Dragon Quest series..) The cleaning ladies used all sorts of talismans to clean the ground, but none of them worked very well. In the end, they could only directly throw away that chunk of the arena.

At the same time, some of this shit-yellow substance had even splattered on the ceiling, which also had to be removed.

It was fortunate that Number 60 High had initially planned to renovate the school during the summer break. Given how badly DG High's Li Hao and his father had conducted themselves, however, severely affecting the competition and destroying the audience's experience, Number 60 High was looking for them to take responsibility and was going to claim for damages.

That evening, DG High's headmaster personally uploaded an apology video online. However, a lot of online users didn't buy it, and called for DG, this foreign-owned cultivation high school which didn't respect local cultivation culture, to be kicked out.

August 18th.

In the headmaster's meeting room at DG High.

All the directors of DG High's school board were present, including Li Diao, whose stomach had been very noisy yesterday.

In fact, Li Diao's stomach had still been very lively right up to twenty minutes before the start of the meeting.

It felt like the E. coli in his intestines had been awakened!

His stomach churned every minute and every second, and made a constant gurgling sound.

The headmaster and the directors of DG High School all wore nose plugs.

DG High's headmaster was an old man with a silver crew cut who was dressed like a gentleman. "Mr Diao, if you're not feeling well, you actually didn't have to come..."

He couldn't take it, because Li Diao would let out a fart every minute, filling the whole meeting room with the smell.

Some of the directors didn't even dare smoke their cigars, because the farts were so concentrated that they were afraid the sparks would ignite the air.

Pa!

Li Diao clenched his teeth and hit the table. "This... No way! I was so humiliated yesterday! I must regain face!"

"Very well... I'll allow Mr Diao to attend this meeting, but Mr Diao, please promise me you won't get excited, alright..."

The headmaster and all the directors looked at Li Diao as if he was a bomb, and one after another they put some distance between themselves and Li Diao.

When people were excited, what was the easiest to lose control of? That was right... it was the anus...

Especially in a situation where he still had the runs, if Li Diao was stirred up, it was very possible that he would set off another rocket blast, and there would be a replay of his magnificent feat in Number 60 High's arena yesterday.

DG High's headmaster sighed. "Everyone... What I want to discuss with you now is the issue of student transfers. DG High School has already received a red warning from Huaxiu Alliance, and we can no longer continue to operate in Huaxiu."

"Why is the situation so serious?" A director was puzzled.

"In the end, we underestimated the risks attached to this incident. If we had apologized properly at the very beginning, we wouldn't have ended up like this..." The genteel headmaster shook his head. "There is no way to redeem ourselves now. Five minutes ago, Huaxiu Alliance issued an ultimatum to say that we have one month to make transfer arrangements for the students and to refund sponsor fees as well as the students' tuition fees, miscellaneous costs, and so on."

Hearing this, the directors all collapsed like deflated rubber balls.

A warning of this scale was unprecedented... worse still, it was issued directly by Huaxiu Alliance, even directly bypassing the Alliance of Ten Thousand Schools. They had no right to negotiate a settlement at all.

They had poured a lot of investments into DG High School, but no one expected such a result.

"Mr Diao, you should reflect on your son's behavior!" And so, someone put the blame on Li Diao and Li Hao.

Someone had to take the fall for this incident.

Otherwise, they had no way of explaining it to the executives of the foreign investment groups...

DG's string of high schools had just entered the Huaxiu education market, but in the end actually ended up in such a miserable situation.

Moreover, this impact would continue to reverberate. Huaxiu Alliance's red notice would also be issued internationally, so their reputation abroad would be greatly affected.

Enduring the pain in his belly, Li Diao said bit by bit, "I... didn't consider... this matter... properly..."

But unfortunately, before he could finish his sentence, he rushed out again, one hand on his stomach.

Everyone sighed in relief. "..."

Thankfully, he hadn't let loose in the meeting room, otherwise it would have to be abandoned.

Seeing that Li Diao had left, the headmaster finally said, "In fact, the foreign financial groups have already decided on a penalty for Mr Diao; it was just that with him here just now, I couldn't upset him. You understand, don't you?"

All the directors nodded like chicks pecking rice; they naturally knew how serious the problem was. If Li Diao had been told the truth just as he was about to explode, he would definitely have erupted on the spot!

"The groups currently decided on two penalties, and everyone needs to vote which penalty we should go with," said the headmaster.

"What are they?"

"First, send them to Taixiu nation to get a sex change and have them debut as a pop idol duo."

Everyone was hugely alarmed. "..."

There was still potential for turning Li Diao into a girl...

But Li Hao...

After a transformation, he could only become a King Kong Barbie!

"Objection! Such an eyesore!" A director raised his hand.

"I also object! This punishment isn't humane at all! Why hurt our eyes?!"

"Alright." The headmaster nodded. "Since two directors have voiced their objections, let me talk about the other decision. The second one is to send Mr Dior and his son to Lixiu's vampire control center and have them take responsibility for handling the follow-up to the incident. However, due to Mr Diao's unsettled stomach, the vampire control center is charging a high maintenance fee for building damages. All of you will need to bear this cost. Otherwise, Mr Diao will have to be sent to live with one of you."

"Why should we be the ones to pay?" another director protested.

As soon as he said the words, there was a "bang" from the toilet next to the headmaster's meeting room, followed by the violent rumble of an explosion!

Li Diao's projectile had blown up the toilet...

The headmaster smiled. "Do you still have any objections?"

The directors all made their positions clear.

"I'm in favor!"

"So am I!"

"In favor! Definitely in favor! Headmaster is wise!"

"I'm in favor! Headmaster, please contact the groups tomorrow and send the two of them away!"





Chapter 857 Enlightened iPad


On the morning of August 18th, Wang Ling stared at an old iPad on the table in deep thought.

This was the very first iPad model, and was very old. Because he had broken it several times before when he wasn't careful, Wang Ling later stowed it away under the bed after Wang Ming sent him the customized watch. The iPad was covered in dust when Wang Ling took it out from under the bed, since it hadn't been used for a very long time.

Squatting on the side, Er Ha raised its head for a look. Besides the iPad, it also saw a golden talisman on the table. With one look, Er Ha immediately determined that this golden talisman wasn't any ordinary thing; the aura of Heavenly Dao on it was so thick that it created enormous pressure.

The person Wang Ling wanted to investigate today was Gu Shunzhi.

And it was vital for Wang Ling to find out exactly who he was.

Number 60 High School's evaluation of transfer students was already over. Liu Qingyi and Wang Zhen were assigned to Class Two where Fang Xing was, while Gu Shunzhi, whom Wang Ling knew nothing about, had in fact been assigned to his class.

There were now sixteen people in their class...

When it was fifteen, Wang Ling could get eighth place.

With sixteen people... what on earth should he do to keep his marks down in the future?!

Wang Ling had a headache!

Most importantly, Time Heavenly Dao had already mentioned that this person was from the future... So why had this person traveled back in time to this current era?

Wang Ling had to know the answer.

...

To find out Gu Shunzhi's origins, Wang Ling had to first determine which era Gu Shunzhi was from. With the golden time talisman from Time Heavenly Dao in hand, Wang Ling decided to enlighten this old iPad.

Enlightening gremlins was in fact a very simple procedure: it was just a matter of bestowing a Heavenly Dao on them. But the process this time was a little more troublesome, because Wang Ling had to fuse it with the golden time talisman.

This was Er Ha's first time seeing its Little Master Ling enlighten a gremlin, and its eyes were wide open! Wasn't this godly operation usually very difficult to carry out? After an ordinary item was enlightened to instantly possess strength at the Soul Formation stage plus the abilities of Heavenly Dao, what kind of divine power would that be?

But it seemed that enlightening gremlins wasn't something that could be used on humans.

Er Ha thought that otherwise, Father Wang and Mother Wang would have been enlightened early on...

Not long ago, Er Ha had actually asked Father Wang and Mother Wang why they didn't cultivate. Even if they didn't have the aptitude for it, with Little Master Ling's heavenly abilities, supporting Father Wang and Mother Wang in their cultivation would be a piece of cake. In modern cultivation society, in particular, those rich second generation with low aptitudes for cultivation could still take drug supplements to become Golden Core cultivators.

But Father Wang and Mother Wang, as well as Old Man Wang, seemed more zen when it came to cultivation.

Later, Father Wang gave Er Ha the reason.

He asked Er Ha in turn: Why did so many people want to be cultivators?

In modern cultivation society, which was a peaceful age free of conflict, Father Wang felt that the reasons why so many people were still dedicated to cultivation were the following:

First: For the family's benefit.

Children of large families had to take the cultivation path. When considering a marriage alliance in the future, realm was one of the major marriage conditions: only a high realm would reassure the bride's side, unless the groom married into the bride's family instead. Of course, there was no problem with benefits in the Wang family - Er Ha had personally experienced life in the Wang family's small villa for itself, and it was very comfortable!

Second: For the sake of making one's presence felt.

Modern cultivators were effectively managed under a streamlined state system, and the light forces were also officially under the jurisdiction of organizations like Huaxiu Alliance. The bloody battles to annex other sects already no longer existed, and instead, sects now engaged in business competition.

To show off how strong they were, modern cultivators established places similar to martial arts schools, such as pet training centers, which were specially set up so that cultivators could show off their spirit beasts... However, chasing a sense of presence didn't exist in the Wang family's small villa. What Father Wang and Mother Wang taught Little Master Ling was very clear: keep a low profile...

And then, the third and final point that Father Wang brought up.

For the sake of a long lifespan...

The higher the realm, the longer the lifespan, which was common sense.

But that wasn't an issue in the Wang family either; as long as Father and Mother Wang wanted to live a little longer, Wang Ling could casually wave his fingers and reset their lifespans - it was like wiping clean the Book of Life and Death. Or if there came a day when Father and Mother Wang felt that the world wasn't worth living in, and wanted to experience what it was like to be laid to rest, they could in fact choose to die at any time. If they regretted it, Little Master Ling could also use the Impure Earth Reincarnation Spell...

...

Placing the golden talisman which Time Heavenly Dao had given him on the iPad, Wang Ling's pupils emitted a golden light.

At that moment, Wang Ling was choosing a Heavenly Dao!

Generally speaking, the Heavenly Dao which Wang Ling used to enlighten gremlins were all ones that he seldom used. This was because once a Heavenly Dao was used to enlighten a gremlin, if Wang Ling used the Heavenly Dao himself, its power would be reduced by half. However, Wang Ling also had the ability to withdraw the gremlins he had enlightened.

At that moment, Wang Ling was having difficulty choosing...

Which Heavenly Dao should he use?

Wang Ling pondered for ten or so minutes, chin in hand.

And these ten or so minutes were often the longest part of the enlightenment process.

Lying on its stomach, Er Ha had almost fallen asleep, when Wang Ling's eyes lit up.

He had made up his mind.

The Great Fortune Spell!

He decided to fuse this Heavenly Dao with the iPad to enlighten it!

Pointing at the iPad with his sword fingers 1 , countless golden runes immediately appeared at the tips of his fingers. The runes flowed from his fingertips to the old iPad, which visibly took on a brand new look.

1(A curled fist with the index and middle fingers stretched out ..) Then, Er Ha saw this iPad, bathed in a golden light, actually grow a fishtail...

This iPad, which had turned into an enlightened gremlin, unexpectedly transformed into a koi fish with black and white stripes. The scariest thing was that this koi was the size of a small child and could stand on its tail, the iPad screen embedded in its belly.

Er Ha: "..."

Gazing at the enlightened iPad, Wang Ling said, "Remember your Daoist name, iPoid."

"Yes, my lord." The voice which came out of the koi's fish mouth sounded a little comical. "Supreme and Venerated Lord, please name the iPad in my belly."

Wang Ling lowered his head and thought for a bit.

He was actually bad at giving names...

"Random name!" Wang Ling stared at the iPad.

Then, the screen in the koi's belly flashed a few times.

Four words were displayed on it: Book of Sage Immortal.

That was the name of the koi iPad, and its Daoist name which Wang Ling had already decided on earlier was: iPoid.





Chapter 858 Wang Ling's Three Thousand Great Dao


The enlightenment process wasn't as complicated as Er Ha had imagined.

Book of Sage Immortal...

Er Ha was reflecting on this name's meaning, which vaguely reminded it of Taoist scriptures. But Book of Sage Immortal now had Little Master Ling's Great Fortune Spell; that was to say, was this Book of Sage Immortal extremely lucky? Er Ha was wondering if it could use the iPad to place bets...

This gave Er Ha a bold idea.

But actually, it had to do with Wei Zhi, who was now Er Ha's friend. Because of the spirit beasts he was raising, Wei Zhi was fast becoming poor. So Er Ha had come up with a rotten idea previously, which was to have Wei Zhi go to the gym and take on several spirit beast challenges. Er Ha would then place bets and Wei Zhi himself would control the results.

But Wei Zhi wouldn't do that.

After all, his reputation would be damaged if he was found out.

But with this iPad, Er Ha felt that Wei Zhi didn't even need to do anything and they could make money by placing bets on other pet trainers!

With that in mind, Er Ha wagged its tail and crouched down cutely on the side.

It had to be as obedient as possible in the next few days if it wanted Little Master Ling to give his consent!

This was all for Wei Zhi!

How did that saying go? A dog would do anything for a friend! Without hesitation!

"My lord, please command me." Book of Sage Immortal opened its mouth.

Using his Memory Sketch Skill, Wang Ling quickly drew an image of Gu Shunzhi and said telepathically to Book of Sage Immortal, "I want all the information on this person in one minute."

"Understood, my lord! Just give me thirty seconds!"

Book of Sage Immortal nodded, then its body emitted a golden light which was very soft and not at all piercing.

On the thirtieth second, Book of Sage Immortal's light disappeared. "My lord, I have looked for traces of this person in this universe. Gu Shunzhi is a person from this seventh universe, from the year 5800. According to the timeline, this person is related to Gu Cheng, the young master of the Gu family on Nine-fold Domain of the Gods. He is Gu Cheng's legitimate son."

1,400 years later...

Wang Ling lowered his head, lost in thought.

A person from 1,400 years in the future. Furthermore, he was indeed related to the Domain of the Gods.

Obviously, just finding out who he was wasn't helpful; Wang Ling still didn't know what the other party's objective was.

Book of Sage Immortal: "My lord, would you like me to expand my search range?"

Er Ha was shaken. "It can still be expanded? Woof?"

"This is just information from the seventh universe, and doesn't mean that there aren't traces of Gu Shunzhi in other universes," Book of Sage Immortal replied in a measured way. "Additionally, according to the information obtained from the timeline, this person's father is powerful, and is the second strongest in the Domain of the Gods. The strongest is his grandfather, whose Daoist name is Star Monarch Gu Yuan. But Star Monarch Gu Yuan embarked on interstellar travel a long time ago, so all Gu family matters are handled by Gu Shunzhi's father Gu Cheng. But Gu Cheng isn't married right now."

Wang Ling sweated. "..." Unexpectedly, the situation was a lot more complicated than he had imagined.

Generally speaking, most of the people who traveled back to the past from the future wanted to correct a past mistake. But this was risky, because correcting a past mistake could affect the sequence of events in the future. You might fix one mistake, but this might lead to the appearance of even more mistakes. This was Time Heavenly Dao's "butterfly effect."

Wang Ling also had methods for going back in time, but he hardly used them. Even if he went back in time, he wouldn't choose to go back very far. If he made a mistake, going back 30 seconds was enough... This duration of 1,400 years was a little long.

But Gu Cheng wasn't married yet, and after coming back to the past, Gu Shunzhi didn't go to Nine-fold Star either.

Then, Gu Shunzhi's purpose for coming here...

Could it be possible that it was for Wang Ling?

Wang Ling was at a loss.

"Keep investigating."

He frowned and spoke telepathically to Book of Sage Immortal.

"Very well, my Lord. This time, I will need five minutes to search the other nine universes in one go," Book of Sage Immortal said.

"Wait! You said that Gu Cheng is very strong! Then how strong is he? As strong as our little master? Woof?" Er Ha asked.

Book of Sage Immortal was silent, and then stared at Er Ha with a pair of fish eyes. "Gu Cheng is a powerful person who was also born with three thousand Dao."

Er Ha was alarmed.

He was actually also born with three thousand Dao...

Were these three thousand Dao a freebie given away now when you bought eggs at the supermarket?

Er Ha felt that Little Master Ling's strength was already very terrifying!

Now there was this Gu Cheng...

He was also born with three thousand Dao - could he be as powerful as Little Master Ling...

But just as Er Ha was thinking this, Book of Sage Immortal said, "However, do you know why I can search the other nine universes for information?"

"???"

Er Ha shook its head, and was indeed puzzled.

Although Er Ha had currently mastered the power of Sword Dao, which was also a type of Heavenly Dao, its understanding of Heavenly Dao was ultimately much more shallow compared with what its master knew. The only thing Er Ha knew was that according to the Heavenly Dao order of things, each universe shouldn't interfere with each other, reasonably speaking - but Book of Sage Immortal could search for clues in the other universes, which indeed hugely astonished Er Ha.

"Each of the ten universes has its own cosmic order; they have completely different stories and completely different worlds. There are even some universes where there's so little spirit energy that ordinary people make up the majority of that universe, while cultivators can only struggle to survive in the cracks." Book of Sage Immortal said, "Thus, the Three Thousand Great Dao in each universe are different. Great Dao evolves out of the truth of the universe, and the cosmic order determines what the Great Dao will be.

"Gu Cheng is innately powerful. He was born at the tail end of the seventh universe and was acknowledged by the seventh universe. So when he was born, he already had the Three Thousand Great Dao. But the Heavenly Dao that Gu Cheng has mastered is limited to the seventh universe."

At that point, Er Ha's eyes opened wide; it seemed to already know what Book of Sage Immortal was going to say.

But this conclusion was so mind-blowing that its entire being was petrified.

Book of Sage Immortal's fish eyes were fixed on Er Ha. "So... do you understand?"

Er Ha slowly nodded, and seemed to understand a little.

The next moment, Book of Sage Immortal announced, "The reason why I can survey all the other universes is because my lord not only has the Three Thousand Heavenly Dao of the seventh universe - he has the Three Thousand Heavenly Dao of each of the ten universes..."

After Book of Sage Immortal said that, all Er Ha's fur stood on end.

It could only be said...

As expected of Little Master Ling?

The Three Thousand Heavenly Dao of each of the ten universes...

What kind of concept was that?

Er Ha couldn't imagine it...

Besides Er Ha...

Wang Ling was also shocked.

Because this...

... Was also something he was only finding out now.





Chapter 859 Gu Shunzhi's Objective


It turned out that all this time, what he had mastered was all the Heavenly Dao of the ten universes...

Wang Ling looked at his palms, closed his eyes, and thought for a bit.

He wasn't like Gu Cheng, who had already grasped the Three Thousand Heavenly Dao when he was very young. Wang Ling's Three Thousand Heavenly Dao came to him bit by bit as memories. However, this type of memory recovery was quite slow, and Wang Ling didn't master all of the Heavenly Dao until he was about thirteen or fourteen years old.

But based on what Book of Sage Immortal was saying, this riddle was now solved.

Why were these memories slow to recover when he was a child?

The reason was very likely because the Heavenly Dao he was recalling was likely the Heavenly Dao of the ten universes! Also, it was very likely that during the process, some sort of melding had happened...

The Heavenly Dao of ten universes would total thirty thousand.

Wang Ling didn't have a clear idea of how strong he was, but he certainly knew how to count, and he was very sure that he only had Three Thousand Heavenly Dao in memory. However, there were countless branches under the Three Thousand Heavenly Dao...

So after listening to Book of Sage Immortal, Wang Ling could make a rough deduction.

While he was recovering the memories as he grew up, he was in reality recalling a full thirty thousand Heavenly Dao! There were ten universes in total, and he recovered the Three Thousand Heavenly Dao of each universe... But these Heavenly Dao had fused together!

That was to say, while it looked like he had grasped three thousand Heavenly Dao, it was in fact thirty thousand...

Wang Ling was stunned.

Even his mother didn't know how awesome he was...

Completely ignorant of the atmosphere, Book of Sage Immortal, who was still immersed in giving praise, said at that moment, "If the heavens didn't give birth to Lord Ling, all ages would be like the long night 1 ! Given my lord's supreme strength, any heirs he has in the future will already be at their peak at birth..."

1(Adapted from a Chinese poem about Confucius.) The corner of Wang Ling's lips twitched secretly.

It was still way too early to talk about later generations.

He didn't have a girlfriend yet...

Besides, how could a girlfriend taste better than crispy noodle snacks?

Wang Ling couldn't be blamed for thinking this...

After all, he was still only sixteen years old.

Right now, Wang Ling really couldn't imagine himself holding a child in his arms in the future and shouting every time he met people, "My son Wang Teng has the potential to become the Great Emperor 2 ..."

2(An iconic line from the online novel "Shrouding the Heavens.") Five minutes later, detailed information on Gu Shunzhi emerged.

Wang Ling looked through the information Book of Sage Immortal had put together.

According to Book of Sage Immortal, in addition to the seventh universe he inhabited, Gu Shunzhi also spent time in the first and tenth universes.

In addition, Book of Sage Immortal described Gu Shunzhi's occupation as: keeper of order.

Was this a person who did something like maintain order?

Wang Ling lowered his head and pondered.

At that moment, Book of Sage Immortal spoke again. "My lord! May I take a guess at what you're thinking?"

Wang Ling nodded. "Mm..."

Book of Sage Immortal: "Gu Shunzhi, who is originally from the seventh universe, has links to the first and tenth universes, and bears the position of keeper of order. My lord has probably already speculated that shortly after Gu Shunzhi was born in the seventh universe, the Heavenly Dao Governing Committee recognized him as master of three cosmic orders, who would fix certain errors that appeared as the universes expanded. Thus, Gu Shunzhi traveling back here from the future definitely is for the purpose of fixing some mistake... Of course, I believe my wise and divine lord will have already thought of this."

Wang Ling: "..."

Book of Sage Immortal paused, then said, "Gu Shunzhi has come to an era where he has yet to be born, so he definitely didn't come for himself. According to the data, the only people who might be connected to Gu Shunzhi are Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi... Of course, I believe my lord has definitely thought of this, so I'll talk about the key points next."

Wang Ling: "..."

Book of Sage Immortal: "Based on the data, Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi aren't in a relationship in the future. Liu Qingyi and Gu Shunzhi's father, Gu Cheng, will unexpectedly become husband and wife during a particular event, and the child which they will ultimately have is this Gu Shunzhi. From the data, Wang Zhen's end is more tragic. After losing Liu Qingyi, Wang Zhen embarked on solo space travel. Therefore, it can be inferred that Gu Shunzhi coming here from the future is probably for the following three things...

"First, to prevent Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi from developing feelings for each other. Second, to actively set Liu Qingyi up with Gu Shunzhi's father, Gu Cheng. Third, to detain Wang Zhen. Wang Zhen will make important contributions to the development of the seventh universe in the future, so he cannot be allowed to run off on a journey because of a broken heart..."

Wang Ling sighed inwardly.

So that was it!

Book of Sage Immortal: "Excuse my ignorance, my lord, what I've said is just shallow knowledge... my lord must have already considered the matter more thoroughly!"

Wang Ling: "..."

...

It was still August 18th, the day of Old Man Wang's showdown against Jiang Haifu, head of Kitchen Knife Sect.

After weeks of preparation and training respectively, Old Man Wang and Jiang Haifu were in good competitive shape.

Jiang Haifu's Kitchen Knife Sect was a rare sect enterprise that had become popular in recent decades. Its overall fighting strength might be weaker than that of other sects, but its massive size and large number of disciples created a ripple effect that spread throughout the country. Furthermore, Kitchen Knife Sect was going to launch a new franchise model very soon so that they were no longer limited to independent stores, thereby spreading its sect's influence worldwide.

To be such a formidable boss, Jiang Haifu's ability to grasp the changing patterns in the market was unquestionable, but only Jiang Haifu knew that the biggest reason for his success today was that recipe he had accidentally picked up back then...

Without that recipe, it would have been very hard for Kitchen Knife Sect to achieve what it had today.

This was a contest, and in fact had a very simple format.

After Old Man Wang and Jiang Haifu finished cooking in the kitchen, the dishes would be presented anonymously to everyone, who would taste the dishes and then score them. Whoever had the higher score would be the winner.

Furthermore, to avoid suspicion, the dishes Old Man Wang and Jiang Haifu were cooking today had to be completely new innovations as they created dishes that had never been cooked before.

This was in fact a rule set by Old Man Wang. After coming to live in the Wang family's small villa, he had demonstrated many specialties that he was good at one after another, the most famous among them being the sweet and sour pork ribs made with Ji Zhi Syrup 3 .

3(A traditional Chinese medicine..) When Wang Ling went downstairs, he saw that many guests had already arrived.

This time, those taking part in the judging weren't just the people in the Wang family's small villa; Wang Ming, Thunder, Immortal Toya, Xiao Yin, Zhai Yin and Jiang Haifu's son Jiang Bai were all here... In addition, Liu Qingyi and Wang Zhen were here.

It looked like Book of Sage Immortal's deduction was utterly correct...

If Gu Shunzhi didn't come, these two people would be together all day long, and might develop feelings for each other even if they were foes!

But if Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi did develop these mutual feelings in the future, then what was it that would cause this to happen?

Wang Ling was suddenly a little curious...





Chapter 860 Old Man Wang's Knife Technique


There were quite a lot of people at home today...

It had been a long time since the Wang family's small villa was this lively. When Wang Ling went downstairs, he saw Liu Qingyi, Wang Zhen and the others sitting very demurely on the sofa. It seemed that prior to coming, these two people had already been warned by those who had visited the Wang family's small villa before. When all was said and done, everyone recognized Father Wang, Mother Wang and even Old Man Wang as "hidden big shots"...

But the fact was that Father Wang, Mother Wang and Old Man Wang were only at the Physical Build stage... In this current era of national cultivation, the Physical Build cultivator wasn't any different from an ordinary person - at the very most, they were just a little stronger and had better physiques.

In Wang Ling's view, Father Wang's physique also wasn't great, as he would suffer from hemorrhoids every so often and was unwilling to ask Wang Ling for help. In the last few years, the only time Father Wang had gotten Wang Ling to use magical treatment was for his hair.

Last year, for the sake of topping the monthly votes ranking three months in a row, Father Wang had exploded with updates, churning out twenty thousand words a day. Authors on other websites angrily called him "Touched (Beast) 1"... Pulling all-nighters for a long period of time led to an endlessly receding hairline - each time Father Wang had a shower, he would grab a handful of hair and drop it on the floor as if he was cooking noodles soup.

1("Touch" and "beast" are pronounced the same way in Mandarin ..) Furthermore, because of the dry weather then and coupled with his weak health, Father Wang would get hemorrhoids as well as frequent nosebleeds because of the heat inside his body. So, when he took a shower, the dropped hair and dripping blood blended together, and from a distance looked like a pot of old duck vermicelli soup.

That year, Father Wang couldn't stand it anymore and finally asked Wang Ling for help.

Wang Ling simply raised one finger and lightly poked Father Wang in between his eyebrows, and all of Father Wang's abnormal conditions directly disappeared.

While pulling all-nighters now was nothing unusual for Father Wang, he ultimately had the stimulatory cigars which the head of state gave him, so he didn't suffer from any side effects. However, staying up late too often could easily cause hemorrhoids. In fact, Wang Ling had a trick that could make Father Wang's hemorrhoids disappear forever...

But it was a little violent.

Well...

Wang Ling had to poke Father Wang in the anus.

Aside from the fact that there was no way Father Wang would accept it, even Wang Ling couldn't bring himself to do it, so he had never brought it up.

Wang Ling thought that if he did use this move, he wouldn't be able to eat crispy noodle snacks anymore...

...

Old Man Wang and Jiang Haifu were still busy in the kitchen. In the spirit of fairness, a barrier had already been set up outside the kitchen to prevent the cultivators present from peeking into the kitchen with their power of sight.

However, this barrier couldn't hide anything from Wang Ling's eyes. Old Man Wang and Jiang Haifu were making preparations before they started cooking.

Wang Ling saw Jiang Haifu take out a knife, which looked like it had been made from ice. It glittered under the light and was very translucent. Gripping the knife's broad handle, Jiang Haifu held the fish down with one hand and expertly cut into the fish with the ice knife. He then yanked sharply at an angle, and sliced off a delicate and glossy piece of cold fish skin, just like that.

This was an extremely formidable knife technique.

It seemed that Jiang Haifu would be presenting a fish dish today.

But on the other side, it seemed what Old Man Wang was also making a fish dish.

For today's two-men competition, they were using the same ingredient.

After slicing off the fish skin, Jiang Haifu immersed it in fresh water to clean it, and then looked at Old Man Wang next to him who was also handling fish skin.

Old Man Wang wasn't using an ice knife, which greatly surprised Jiang Haifu.

An ice knife was the best kind for cooking fish skin because it had a lower temperature than a regular kitchen knife, which would preserve the freshness of the fish skin while slicing it without damaging the quality of the meat.

But the knife Old Man Wang was using was actually a meter-long machete...

At that moment, Old Man Wang had already removed his shirt, revealing his old but no less firm muscles.

Yes!

Muscles!

Old Man Wang had always had muscles!

Although Old Man Wang had had dementia a while back, he never gave up exercising. Even though his metabolism was much slower at his age, his body was covered with muscles that would be the utter envy of young men.

Of course, this wasn't apparent at all when the old man had his clothes on.

Seeing this, Wang Ling felt it was a bit of a pity.

If his grandma was still alive, she would definitely be very happy...

Unfortunately, Wang Ling hadn't been born then. Otherwise, Grandma Wang would definitely still be alive now.

Grandma Wang had already been laid to rest, and while Father Wang knew that Wang Ling had the ability to resurrect her, he didn't want to bother her... Grandma Wang was a famous jade flower in her village, and when she died, the entire village had been part of her funeral procession.

If she was casually revived, that place would become a ghost village... it might even attract Daoist ghost hunters.

Well...

Back to the main topic.

Holding a meter-long machete in his hand, Old Man Wang at that moment looked like an executioner on the execution grounds.

His face was as calm as an ancient well, but his imposing manner inside out completely stupefied Jiang Haifu.

The old man's eyes then sharpened with focus. He was like a hunter in search of prey, his eyes fixed firmly on that big, plump fish on the chopping board. The fish wasn't completely dead, and it hadn't even been completely scaled. Its eyes glittered with light, and it shook its tail with all its might on the chopping board, as if to tell onlookers that it could still be saved.

But in front of a chef, this poor fish could in the end only become food.

This was a fish that could make people happy after they ate it, so in the eyes of both Old Man Wang or Jiang Haifu, it wasn't pitiful at all.

The old man's stomach then swelled slightly. As if he was gathering his prehistoric powers together, he started to take deep breaths. Jiang Haifu even felt as if the temperature had somehow plummeted several degrees at that moment.

Old Man Wang clearly wasn't using an ice knife...

But it gave people a very cold feeling!

The next second, Old Man Wang silently opened his eyes. "Depression Knife Technique!"

Then, he slashed at the chopping board!

However, this slash wasn't aimed directly at the big, plump fish. Instead, it stopped 0.0001cm from the big fish's round, sexy lips!

In a split second, this originally lively big fish that had thought it could still be saved actually stopped struggling... Even its tail stopped moving.

Before Jiang Haifu could figure out what kind of operation Old Man Wang had used...

The big fish actually let out a lament.

The next second, this big fish directly sat up on the chopping board, then removed its own skin, folded it, and put it on the side... It was already depressed - its eyes were no longer lit up with brimming hope, but only contained a strange light...

Jiang Haifu and Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 861 Immortal Cooking


Did the fish sigh just now...

Jiang Haifu seriously suspected that there was something wrong with his hearing, but he had indeed seen the fish sit up, as if it had been awakened, and take off its own skin!

This was an absolutely perfect fish skin, without any trace of being cut with a knife. Except for the holes at both ends, the fish skin was a whole, round piece! Old Man Wang gave the best proof of this with his next move!

He tied up the bottom end of the fish skin and began to fill it with water.

Seeing this, Wang Ling was also stunned.

He had seen the old man cook before, but he had never seen Old Man Wang display this skill!

It seemed that for today's showdown, the old man had had special training, and had also taken out the special skills he had been hiding for a long time!

— This opponent was surprisingly strong!

Cold sweat ran down Jiang Haifu's forehead. After taking out the washed fish skin, he used his precise knife skills to cut it into strips of the same width! He was making a dish of springy fish skin noodles! The hardest thing to do with fish skin was to get rid of the fishy smell. Generally speaking, chefs would choose to use chili, Sichuan pepper or other types of spicy seasoning to hide the fishy smell.

But this was actually a more inferior approach.

Not everyone liked spice. The dish this time would be served to everyone for a taste, so the difficulty Jiang Haifu had to overcome was to cook a dish which smelled delicious and didn't use chilis. Not only couldn't it smell fishy, it had to have a taste that appealed to young and old alike.

The better the chef, the more charm the ingredients they used would have; the ingredients themselves would set off each other, concealing their shortcomings and bringing out the strengths of each ingredient as much as possible!

Therefore, Jiang Haifu didn't use seasoning in his cooking! Salt! MSG! Pepper! Soy sauce! Ginger, garlic and so on... None of that! Jiang Haifu drew everything from the ingredients themselves!

Besides, not relying on seasoning was Jiang Haifu's secret technique which allowed him to blaze his way through the food industry for many years. He gave this secret technique a happy and friendly name —"Haifu's Family Cuisine"!

This could be considered Jiang Haifu's unique specialty. Taking into account the age of the old man next to him, Jiang Haifu initially thought he could go a little easy on him so that the old man wasn't put on the spot and wouldn't lose too badly... But after witnessing the old man's Depression Knife Technique, a sense of crisis almost immediately welled up in Jiang Haifu's heart.

He didn't really want to lose this battle.

At that thought, Jiang Haifu took a deep breath and started to prepare the other ingredients.

Because he wasn't using seasoning, he had more ingredients than the old man, and furthermore would only be using one part in most cases. He needed to cut off the parts that he would be using, so his knife skills were very important.

But after witnessing the old man's "Depression Knife Technique," Jiang Haifu unexpectedly felt a little uneasy. As he prepared the other ingredients for the fish skin noodles, he stole frequent glances at the old man next to him — he wanted to know what other crazy operation this old man, who was already so advanced in his years, would bring out.

On the other side, the old man filled half the fish skin pouch, which he had cut out with the Depression Knife Technique, with water, then added a portion of rice.

There were twelve people in the house today, and he wanted to feed them as best as he could.

So the old man used the same method to make another identical fish skin pouch. Each pouch was filled with water, and after rice was added, it swelled up like a balloon to the size of a cabbage!

At that moment, Jiang Haifu could also see the importance of the two fish that the old man had carefully selected — the fish which the old man chose were older! The flesh of an old fish might not be fresh, but its skin was very tough! Furthermore, this was a sea wave fish, which had tougher skin compared with other saltwater fish.

So the moment he saw this main ingredient, Jiang Haifu thought of using the sea wave fish to make fish skin noodles.

Meanwhile, the old man's mind had skipped even further ahead, as he poured water and rice into the fish skin. Was he going to make fish rice?

While Jiang Haifu puzzled over this...

Old Man Wang took out an earthen jar from a bottom cupboard. He hit the jar lightly with his hand. "Get up! It's time to get to work..."

Then, he opened the jar.

To Jiang Haifu's amazement, there was actually a yellow-and-white orange cat inside the jar. It took a completely soluble form in the jar, like a liquid... After hearing Old Man Wang's call, however, it immediately poked its head out of the jar.

Jiang Haifu detected a thick smell of dried fish from inside the jar, which the old man had probably put inside for the orange cat to eat.

The orange cat stretched its paws lazily, then leaped out onto the ground, and unexpectedly stood up on its two hind legs.

"Sir, this is..."

"This is a cat I raised in my hometown. I brought it here with me on my tricycle a while ago. It's a cat that can cook." The old man scratched his head and smiled. "I'm too old to throw eighty punches a second anymore, so I was going to have this cooking cat help me out. Brother Haifu, do you mind?"

Jiang Haifu hurriedly waved his hands. "Of... Of course not... Please go ahead, sir!"

The old man was almost eighty years old...

Actually, this contest wasn't quite fair to begin with.

The old man massaged his own muscles, then took something out of his pocket which he tossed to the orange cat on the ground. Jiang Haifu gave it a look and realized that it was actually a pair of super small boxing gloves!

What was this for?

Stunned, Jiang Haifu saw the old man hang up the fish skin pouches filled with water and rice on hooks in a piece of bamboo. Holding the bamboo horizontally at chest level, the two fish skin pouches were suspended in midair like that.

Then, the old man narrowed his eyes and gazed at the orange cat. "Cooking cat! Use Muay Thai Warning 1 !"

1(Muay Thai Warning and Depression Knife Technique are online memes used to fire back at users who disparage or mock gamers ..) Hearing this order, the orange cat suddenly started to throw punches at these two fish skin pouches!

Instantly, the whole kitchen was filled with the sounds of "ah, hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit!!!!"...

Jiang Haifu and Wang Ling were both shocked. "..."

As a chef with so many years of experience, Jiang Haifu finally figured out what on earth this cat was doing!

This cooking cat was using its adept punches to create friction and heat up the air around the fish skin pouches, while the vibrations of its high-speed punches would shake loose the sea fish salt inside the pouch and combine it with the rice...

This was a one-step operation to make the food tasty!

It similarly didn't use seasoning, but it also didn't use any surplus ingredients!

Jiang Haifu realized...

That he had lost again...





Chapter 862 The Mastermind


Old Man Wang was without doubt a very strong opponent, and Jiang Haifu regretted underestimating him before this. It was clear that he wasn't as prepared as Old Man Wang. If he had known earlier on, he would have reviewedA Record of Divine Cuisine before coming here. This was an ancient text, written by an unknown author, which he had inadvertently picked up back then. But all of Jiang Haifu's achievements until now was precisely because of this ancient text.

"I thought of a recipe, but forgot how it goes. Can I get outside help?" Jiang Haifu opened his mouth blankly.

"Brother Haifu, do as you please." Old Man Wang smiled faintly. "I also invited this cooking cat as external help. Brother Haifu, if you've forgotten the recipe, feel free to look it up. When we get older, we tend to forget things."

When Old Man Wang said this, Jiang Haifu's face burned. For a chef to forget his recipe was actually a disgrace... Most importantly, Jiang Haifu didn't write A Record of Divine Cuisine himself. In fact, the fish skin noodles dish he was cooking today also wasn't his idea, and was from the cookbook A Record of Divine Cuisine .

Jiang Haifu was a person who very much cared about winning. He thought he could win this competition beautifully, but Old Man Wang's two mind-blowing operations one after another had directly stupefied him into forgetting his own recipe!

Sometimes, people would randomly forget things. Perhaps everyone has had a similar experience — talking to someone and wanting to ask a question, but the moment you opened your mouth, you straightaway forgot what you wanted to ask!

Jiang Haifu spent two minutes making a call to have his wife send him a PSD file of A Record of Divine Cuisine to his phone.

A Record of Divine Cuisine had been turned into a digital file because the pages of the old book were already yellow with age. Jiang Haifu spent a lot of money every year to maintain and repair the original version. He didn't even dare touch the book now, since every turn of the page would damage it.

So very early on, Jiang Haifu's team had already turned A Record of Divine Cuisine into a PSD file. However, Jiang Haifu had hidden it very deeply and had never made it public. Even his own wife had to be directed through the phone call just now to go deep into his computer files. In the end, she found it in an encrypted folder called "Kuxuan is really handsome"!

Jiang Haifu received the PSD file from his wife on his phone shortly afterward.

This file was also similarly locked, and only Jiang Haifu knew the password.

Jiang Haifu flipped through it for the fish skin noodles recipe. Because A Record of Divine Cuisine was similar to a notebook and didn't have a contents page, Jiang Haifu had to rely on his own memory to find the approximate place in the cookbook.

But just then, Old Man Wang quietly opened his mouth. "818."

Jiang Haifu was dazed. He turned to page 818, and it turned out that the page really was about making "fish skin noodles"!

Jiang Haifu was completely startled!

Jiang Haifu: "Sir, you..."

Old Man Wang chuckled. "When I saw Brother Haifu's fish skin noodles dish, I thought of a cookbook I randomly wrote when I was young, I've forgotten what it's called. But I still remember the page numbers, and it was page 818. Also, it's the same number as the date for our competition today. Isn't that a coincidence?"

Jiang Haifu was petrified. "When you were young? When was that?"

Old Man Wang: "When I was thirteen or fourteen or so... My imagination used to run wild all day long back then... While I worked as an apprentice, I started to come up with ideas for my writing."

Jiang Haifu: "Wri... writing?"

"Yes! Writing..."

Old Man Wang recalled, "You must have source material when you write! You can't write a story without it! Then I started making up recipes, and planned to use them as source material for a novel. I ended up creating more and more recipes."

Jiang Haifu: "..."

Old Man Wang: "And then that year, I was specially hired as a chef before I could finish the novel, so I stopped writing. I also don't know where that cookbook went. Then when I was in my forties, I just so happened to enter Kikkaro Restaurant, and found that a lot of the dishes there were exactly the same as the ones in my cookbook!"

Jiang Haifu: "..."

Old Man Wang: "That Kikkaro Restaurant was a new shop and wasn't famous at the time. When I saw the dishes, it was like I was back in my teens. At that time, I was very touched! It felt like the heavens had arranged this fate! It was profound destiny."

Jiang Haifu: "..."

Old Man Wang: "Brother Haifu! This fish skin noodles of yours is also a fateful connection between us!"

Hearing this, Jiang Haifu simply wanted to cry. "Sir... please don't call me Brother Haifu! You can just call me Haiwa 1 !"

1("Wa" as in "baby," implying that Jiang Haifu see his status in relation to Old Man Wang at pretty much that level ..) Jiang Haifu really wanted to cry.

He had been looking for the owner of the cookbook for so many years...

He never thought that it would actually be this Old Man Wang in front of him.

Furthermore, he freaking wrote it when he was thirteen or fourteen...

Where on earth did this immortal come from?!

At that moment, Jiang Haifu only had one thought.

He wanted to surrender...

...

Elsewhere, an unexpected guest had shown up at Mo Immortal Castle, which had already been absorbed into the Office of Strategic Deception.

This person was none other than Gu Shunzhi, who had just officially joined Number 60 High School not long ago as a transfer student.

Gu Shunzhi didn't hesitate to express his sincerity, and magnanimously placed a tetrahedral crystal on the table. The Lord and Lady of the Castle turned pale when they saw it.

A Tesseract...

This was a super rare material... several grades above primordial black crystal!

Gu Shunzhi's expression was very serious. "This is my offer, and I only need a copy of the information."

The Lord rubbed his hands together. "Well... what kind of information would you like to buy, sir? With your asking price, you can buy anything you want."

"That's good."

Gu Shunzhi nodded. "I want information on a person."

The Lord: "Who is it? Do you have a Daoist name?"

Gu Shunzhi nodded again. "I do!"

With that, Gu Shunzhi slapped a photo down on the table.

The Lord and Lady were astounded when they saw the person in the photo, and they exchanged looks.

Because the person in the photo...

... Was none other than Immortal Toya, the leader of the Office of Strategic Deception's medicine team...

Why did this person need information on Immortal Toya?

Both the Lord and the Lady were dazed.

When all was said and done, Immortal Toya, who was part of the core of the Office of Strategic Deception, was now the Lord and Lady's superior.

How would they dare sell information on their leader...

The Lord sweated as he gazed at Gu Shunzhi. "Sir, just a moment... I need to make some inquiries."

But no sooner had the Lord finished speaking when Gu Shunzhi held him back with one hand on his shoulder. "Just a minute."

The Lord: "???"

Gu Shunzhi: "Is he your superior?"

The Lord and Lady were alarmed yet again!

This man could read minds!

"Then this will be easy."

Gu Shunzhi smiled. "You now only have two choices. First, take the Tesseract and sell me the information. Second, refuse the trade, and I'll peek into your memories."

The Lord clenched his teeth. He never expected such a troublesome person to show up today...





Chapter 863 Immortal Toya's Crisis


At that moment, the Lord and Lady were drenched in cold sweat.

This man in front of them was extremely difficult to deal with. He had gray hair and the dignified temperament of a scion of a noble family. He seemed elegant and graceful, but his eyes were full of murderous intent - when he smiled, it seemed to hide a knife which was being held at the Lord's and Lady's throats.

The Lord and Lady were somewhat familiar with this type of pressure...

Hm...

There was no mistake.

This was the same type of pressure that Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch gave them.

The Lord and the Lady broke out in a cold sweat and didn't know what to choose.

At that moment, Gu Shunzhi's brow furrowed slightly, his eyes fixed on the Lord and Lady. "The two of you..." Gu Shunzhi was surprised - he was actually unable to read their minds. He could read anyone's mind with the "Mind-Reading Ability," but the Lord's and Lady's minds were unexpectedly blank.

Given their fighting strength, he could crush them like ants without breaking a sweat, so it was unlikely that they could put up any resistance themselves.

Gu Shunzhi felt that it was probably because these two were thinking about something prohibited, thus preventing him from reading their minds.

Could it be that they were thinking about Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi?

But given their current strength, they weren't a threat to him at all...

As a keeper of order from the future, he should be far more powerful than anyone in this current era, including his own father Gu Cheng.

But what was this?

Gu Shunzhi found it very strange.

Could there be something like a blind spot in this world?

Watching Gu Shunzhi's expression grow increasingly gloomy, the Lord and Lady both broke out in a cold sweat.

They didn't even dare speak to each other telepathically for fear that Gu Shunzhi would catch hold of some information again.

A moment later, the Lord gave the Lady a meaningful glance. "Just a moment, Mr Gu. I'll have the Lady get the information."

Naturally, there was no way he would hand over all the information on Immortal Toya. Part of it was fake - except for Immortal Toya's name and basic profile, the rest of the information was actually about Fang Xing's experiences.

This was a contingency plan which the Office of Strategic Deception's intelligence team had come up with. If they encountered a problem that they really couldn't handle, they could launch this contingency plan.

Deliver the fake information, then hand the case over to the goon squad... When the time was right, they would inform the goon squad.

The Lord and Lady had already rehearsed this emergency operation countless times and could make the entire handover look very smooth; back then, Lord Thunder had specially asked Wang Ling's clone Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch to supervise them.

The Lord and Lady could already hand over the false information without any distracting thoughts.

Thus, when Gu Shunzhi read their minds this time, he didn't detect any abnormalities...

"Wise choice." Gu Shunzhi nodded in satisfaction.

"Mr Gu, please take this USB." The Lady offered him the USB with both hands.

"Good."

Gu Shunzhi nodded. Turning around, his entire figure turned into a ball of nothingness and vanished on the spot.

"Finally, he's gone..."

The Lord and Lady both heaved long sighs of relief.

The Lady: "What should we do now?"

"Inform the sect leader first. This person... is too dangerous..." The Lord gave the Tesseract on the table a look. "High quality materials like the Tesseract are regarded as priceless by many people. Long ago there was even an Almighty called Thanos who started a war over it..."

"Thanos?"

"Yes..." The Lord nodded. "He has a younger brother called Tyrant1."

1(A play on the Chinese word for Thanos 灭霸 and Tyrant一漏, which is also the title of another online novel ..) "..."

"This person actually took out the Tesseract to do a trade... what unfathomable power..."

"..."

...

After obtaining the USB, Gu Shunzhi was still very concerned about the matter just now. He felt like he was missing something...

There were still other experts in this world whom he didn't know about?

After leaving the Lord of the Castle's building, he went somewhere...

The Heavenly Dao Governing Committee.

When Gu Shunzhi showed up, the six Great Heavenly Dao all looked at him.

Keeper of order?

Why had a keeper of order suddenly shown up here?

Gu Shunzhi gazed at the Great Heavenly Dao. "Your Excellencies Heavenly Dao of the seventh universe, may I trouble you to investigate a person..."

"Investigate a person? That's fine; please fill in the form first." As their representative, Strength Heavenly Dao nodded and threw out a golden scroll.

"Since when is there a form that has to be filled out..." Gu Shunzhi was dazed. He didn't remember such a rule in the seventh universe in the future...

"The rules of the Heavenly Dao Governing Committee in each of the ten universes vary. Each time period has different rules. You have to fill out a form if you want to investigate someone," Time Heavenly Dao answered.

"I see... Then thank you, Your Excellencies Heavenly Dao..." Gu Shunzhi took the scroll with both hands and started to fill it out seriously.

In the end, he stared blankly at the questions in it.

Questionnaire survey question 1: Is your favorite snack crispy noodles?

Gu Shunzhi: "..."

Questionnaire survey question 2: Which of the following is the correct way to eat a crispy noodle snack?

One: crush it and sprinkle it with the seasoning in the sachet.

Two: put it in hot water.

Three: sprinkle it with indigowoad root.

Four: wrap it in laver.

Gu Shunzhi: "..."

Questionnaire survey question 3: If a crispy noodle snack and your girlfriend fall into the water, which one will you save first?

Gu Shunzhi: "..."

...

There were a lot of questions - fully 999 of them...

Of course, this was actually the Heavenly Dao deliberately stalling for time.

Because Time Heavenly Dao already knew that the keeper of order was the very person Wang Ling was investigating, and seeing how suspiciously this person was behaving, the six Great Heavenly Dao unanimously decided to stall for time first.

Thus, while Gu Shunzhi was answering the questions, all the six Great Heavenly Dao of the Heavenly Dao Governing Committee teleported to the spare meeting room, leaving their clones behind to deal with Gu Shunzhi.

Strength Heavenly Dao: "Not good, this man actually came to us."

Time Heavenly Dao: "As expected of a keeper of order. He's not pausing at all in filling out the questionnaire. The type of people who fill in questionnaires so quickly like this are often very scary. There are 999 questions in the questionnaire, but at this rate, we won't be able to stall for very long..."

Soul Heavenly Dao: "What is the keeper of order's purpose for coming back here from the future?"

Time Heavenly Dao: "Gu Shunzhi is the keeper of order who is in charge of three universes... We currently don't have the authority to investigate his purpose, but it definitely has something to do with His Excellency Ling... At this point, asking His Excellency Ling to make an appearance is our best choice."

Life And Death Heavenly Dao: "In that case, what are we waiting for?"

Strength Heavenly Dao nodded. "Hurry up and invite Buddha Wang Ling over!!!"





Chapter 864 Wang Ling's "Serious Clone"


If it was anyone else who had come to investigate Wang Ling so brazenly, the six Great Heavenly Dao would have joined forces to ruthlessly crush the other party right away and kick them out of the Heavenly Dao Governing Committee... But Gu Shunzhi's identity was very special as he was the keeper of order for three universes.

Similarly, he was one of the clients on the Heavenly Dao whitelist, although his exact ranking was far below Wang Ling's... Yes, the Heavenly Dao whitelist also had a ranking. Even after clients were added to the list, Heavenly Dao ranked them according to their overall cosmic contributions. In fact, Gu Shunzhi's ranking couldn't be considered low, but compared with Wang Ling, there was still a lot of room for improvement.

Not everyone was qualified to enter the whitelist. For example, Liu Qingyi and Wang Zhen weren't eligible.

So using Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi as a yardstick, a large number of people would already be directly cut out.

While Gu Shunzhi was filling in the information, Wang Ling, who had received the news, sent a clone to the Heavenly Dao Governing Committee.

Because the cooking contest was still ongoing in the Wang family's small villa, he had to stay back, but the clone he sent was his "serious clone." It was even stronger than Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch, who had an independent consciousness and wouldn't disappear, so Wang Ling deliberately added the word "serious" in front to demonstrate how seriously he viewed the opponent!

Wang Ling had always wanted to know the limits of his power. Although he had now learned from Book of Sage Immortal where his Three Thousand Great Dao had come from, Wang Ling had actually always felt that his three thousand Dao was just so-so... They weren't as powerful as he imagined. The only problem was that he couldn't control them...

He was only sixteen years old - if he had sixteen thousand years of practice, Wang Ling was confident that he would be able to master all of them!

Even if he didn't have sixteen thousand years, but sixteen hundred, it would still be a lot better than now.

Gu Shunzhi was a person who had grown up in the Domain of the Gods, and who became a "keeper of cosmic order" in the future - such a person shouldn't be too weak.

Meanwhile, Gu Shunzhi had already sensed it when Wang Ling's "serious clone" appeared in the Heavenly Dao Governing Committee's Heavenly Dao space.

He stopped answering the questionnaire and smiled slightly. "Sure enough, answering these questions was just to buy time?"

The six Great Heavenly Dao clones directly faded into nothing on the spot, leaving the Heavenly Dao space to the two people.

The original six Great Heavenly Dao felt that it would be better for them to create a subspace for these two - if they were to fight here, it was possible that they would affect the spatial order of the neighboring universes, given their strength.

But it was too late to mention it now.

The six Great Heavenly Dao didn't want to be drawn into this fight.

Gu Shunzhi turned his head to gaze at Wang Ling's serious clone, and stared blankly at the latter's face.

He never thought that this person whom the six Great Heavenly Dao viewed with extreme reverence would actually be his classmate at Number 60 High School!

When he entered Number 60 High, his objective at the very beginning hadn't been to track down Wang Ling, but to approach Liu Qingyi and Wang Zhen. When he found out that these two people wanted to hang around in a Foundation Establishment high school, he decided to take the transfer test as well.

But Gu Shunzhi had never expected such a person to actually be hiding next to him...

And most crucially, he hadn't sensed it at all.

Gu Shunzhi's expression turned serious as he started to size up Wang Ling. The youngster in front of him was very average-looking, but he gave off an astonishing pressure, when there in fact weren't many people who could pressure Gu Shunzhi.

The other keepers of cosmic order were all skilled, and Gu Shunzhi had had the honor of comparing notes with them. However, none of them had made him shudder faintly just from their breathing alone, even before the battle began. If there was one, it would be his own father, Gu Cheng.

But his father Gu Cheng wasn't that powerful yet in this era...

"We, the keepers of order, have a list of the strongest people in each universe, but you're not on it." There was a forbidding expression on Gu Shunzhi's face as he fixed his eyes on Wang Ling. "Since you aren't on the list, you must be a disruptor of order... You must be annihilated."

This was empty talk.

It was very clear in Gu Shunzhi's mind that since the other party wasn't on the list, there had to be special circumstances - it was just that he didn't know what they were.

When he saw how frightened the six Great Heavenly Dao were, he was actually already well aware in his heart.

Wang Ling's identity and background might be more complicated than he had imagined.

Although there was a serious expression on Gu Shunzhi's face... actually, his heart was full of excitement!

Any showdown or challenge against an expert made him excited!

Wang Ling: "..."

Since they were now in Heavenly Dao space, which was an absolutely neutral spatial sphere in which timelines didn't cross, Wang Ling could hear Gu Shunzhi's thoughts...

This guy was also a master at acting!

Gu Shunzhi kept silent as he stared at Wang Ling.

That had clearly been a provocation just now...

But the other side unexpectedly could still keep his composure, and didn't make the first move...

Gu Shunzhi felt even more excited!

Only a bigwig could have this kind of calm bearing!

What should he do?

Attack first?

No...

He absolutely couldn't!

What if the other party could tell that despite his serious look on the surface, he was in fact very excited in his heart?

He would lose his elegant demeanor as a keeper of order!

Gu Shunzhi lowered his head and released fifty percent of his aura to probe Wang Ling.

But even after dozens of seconds passed, the other party's eyebrows didn't even so much as twitch.

Gu Shunzhi was even more excited!

The oppression of his aura actually didn't have any effect?

It seemed that the other party was far more powerful than he had thought.

He could let go as much as he wanted when they fought, and he no longer had to restrain himself...

In his previous fights with some of the other keepers of cosmic order, Gu Shunzhi had had to suppress his nature countless times since their overall fighting strength wasn't as good as his.

Now!

He!

Had at long last met a person he could fight!

The corners of Gu Shunzhi's mouth curled up slightly, but he quickly covered his mouth with his hand.

Damn it...

Because he was too excited, he couldn't even control his mouth!

"Disruptor of order, fight me, if you dare!" Gu Shunzhi stared at Wang Ling's serious clone and spoke in a deep voice.

His face was flushed with excitement and all the blood in his body was boiling as it released a blast of steam. "Before we fight, I need to make one thing clear! I'm not excited! Definitely! Not excited!"

"..."

Wang Ling finally understood.

This guy was a tsundere...





Chapter 865 Battle with a Keeper of Order


Gu Shunzhi was utterly thrilled. Wang Ling could see the steam coming off the other party's body. When some cultivators with abundant spirit energy were stirred up, it was very easy for this spirit energy steam phenomenon to occur, the specific signs of which were flushed skin from head to toe, steam exuding from the pores, a surge in adrenaline, and an extremely excited spirit.

This type of phenomenon wasn't harmful; rather, cultivators could become more focused in battle and experience an increase in explosive strength, speed, strength and resilience.

At sea, a group of pirates called this phenomenon "Gear Second." Furthermore, their captain developed Gear Third and Gear Fourth by using Gear Second as abase 1 .

1(Luffy's attack techniques in "One Piece.") But this spirit energy steam phenomenon only appeared in a small group of people. While most cultivators in modern society might only be able to produce it by relying on the effect of drugs, Gu Shunzhi had created it without the assistance of drugs.

This proved how strong Gu Shunzhi's cultivation base was.

This man was very powerful.

He was even stronger than Immortal Zhenyuan and Demon Saint Second Generation Merman... Wang Ling wouldn't know exactly how strong he was until they fought for real, but just from the look of him, Gu Shunzhi was probably several dozen times stronger.

After all, Gu Shunzhi was the "keeper of order" who maintained order in three universes; it was thus quite reasonable for him to have such strength.

Wang Ling took a deep breath. He was nothing but curious about what the battle would be like.

After all, he had never fought a keeper of order before.

And Gu Shunzhi was probably the strongest of all the keepers of order.

Wang Ling would be very disappointed if Gu Shunzhi couldn't even defeat his clone.

The moment Wang Ling fixed his dead fish eyes on Gu Shunzhi seriously, the latter received the signal — he knew the battle had begun!

A showdown between experts didn't require much communication.

"I don't know exactly who you are, but don't underestimate me." Gu Shunzhi grinned slightly, then quickly suppressed it — because he was too excited, his bad habit of grinning accidentally leaked out! Smile without showing teeth! He should be serious as a keeper of order, otherwise it wouldn't match his image at all!

Wang Ling cocked his head, and in that moment, the hair flew up from the top of Gu Shunzhi's head like a dragon in the water and hovered around his body.

Then, with a soft cry from Gu Shunzhi, these strands of hair actually twined together to form numerous chains.

This was Gu Shunzhi's life bonded magic treasure, "Three Thousand Chains of Order." These chains were made by directly refining his hair. They could pierce the sky, and were very pliant and resistant.

When Wang Ling saw this scene, his heart was filled with admiration.

When all was said and done, Gu Shunzhi was the strongest keeper of order, and his methods indeed were quite different. The overall strength of the Three Thousand Chains of Order already surpassed a world-defying magic artifact, and was probably on par with an eight-class divine artifact.

But this couldn't be all of Gu Shunzhi's strength, and this magic weapon was just a feeler.

Many cultivators chose to refine parts of their bodies into magic treasures, like that Miss Ah Zuo who had appeared once before and had refined her own fingernails. Another example in the cultivation circle was the famous Daoist Deception, who specialized in refining eye techniques. This person was well-known for refining his own eyes, and his power of sight was exceptionally unusual as it was able to weaken people and turn them into legal lolitas 2 ; by weakening the enemy, he was able to increase his own fighting strength.

1(A livestreamer with the username "Goshiki Agiri Great Deceiver" made some remarks about refining/smelting copper, "lian tong," which has the same pinyin for "pedophilia" in Chinese, and which is now also used as a slang term with the same meaning..) Whether it was fingernails or eyes, these were more common options, and were easier to control.

It was only hair that was different! It wasn't easy to refine hair given its sheer volume, and each strand had to be refined individually. And even if it was refined successfully, it was extremely difficult to manipulate — to be able to refine three thousand strands of hair into a life bonded magic treasure was ample proof of Gu Shunzhi's extremely precise mastery of spirit energy.

Wang Ling was actually a person who readily acknowledged excellence in others, and he would usually analyze his opponent's strengths in a fight.

It was only by respecting your opponent that you became more humble. Besides, another advantage of listing their strengths was that when Wang Ling won, it gave him some psychological comfort.

That list of strengths would tell Wang Ling that it wasn't that his opponent was weak... but that he himself was too strong!

Even Wang Ling didn't know why he was so strong...

"Take this..." At that moment, Gu Shunzhi's eyes were fixed firmly on Wang Ling. He stretched out his hand and the Chains of Order made up of three thousand strands of hair cut through the air in the blink of an eye, aiming for Wang Ling's hands and feet.

Wang Ling's brow furrowed when he realized that he actually couldn't grasp the trajectory of the Chains of Order...

"They're not passing through surface space..." Wang Ling murmured to himself in his heart. This was an unexpected situation: the space which the Chains of Order relied on wasn't surface space, but cosmic space...

Using his power as a keeper of order, Gu Shunzhi actually linked his life bonded magic treasure to the cosmic spaces of the three universes at the same time.

Put simply, when the chains pierced the air, they swung through the other universes before circling round back here... only divine artifacts had this sort of power to penetrate space.

Therefore, when the Chains of Order successfully penetrated cosmic space as it lunged toward him, Wang Ling's serious clone couldn't grasp its movement with his power of sight, and he fell into Gu Shunzhi's trap at once.

On the outside, the six Great Heavenly Dao were watching the fight, which was on par with a fight between divine immortals; every move and every form seemed to brim with the divine might of Heavenly Dao.

Strength Heavenly Dao: "This Gu Shunzhi actually has the upper hand?"

Time Heavenly Dao: "The battle hasn't truly begun yet... But even if His Excellency Ling's clone isn't that easy to deal with, it's safe to say that given Gu Shunzhi's current fighting strength, His Excellency Ling won't be able to rely on several simple slaps to defeat him."

The rest of the Heavenly Dao nodded in agreement.

After all, Gu Shunzhi represented the strongest of all the keepers of order.

The Chains of Order were now wrapped around Wang Ling's wrists and ankles; each chain contained the suppression of several hundred Heavenly Dao, which firmly prevented Wang Ling from moving.

"It worked?" Gu Shunzhi didn't look convinced, and he didn't relax at all — he didn't believe that the youngster in front of him only had this much strength.

But at the same time, Gu Shunzhi was also feeling a little vexed. He had already taken out his life bonded magic treasure, but this still couldn't force the youngster to take out his own life bonded magic treasure to fight him?

In a showdown between cultivators, if one party pulled out their life bonded magic treasure, the other side should also do the same — even if the latter didn't have any intention of using it in the fight, it was necessary to take it out!

It was only polite!

Of course, it wasn't that Wang Ling was being discourteous when he didn't pull out his life bonded magic treasure.

His life bonded magic treasure was for eating!

As to what it was, anyone could guess...

He had already eaten today's portion of his life bonded magic treasure earlier on.





Chapter 866 There's a Slight Problem with This Battle...


As everyone knew, if you wanted Wang Ling to take out his life bonded magic treasure, you had to make a booking first. But even if you could make a booking, there was in fact no one who could make Wang Ling take out his life bonded magic treasure... For Wang Ling, practically every fight could be settled with a few slaps. If that didn't work, he would just throw out a few more.

However, Wang Ling couldn't use a method as simple and crude as a slap to handle this Gu Shunzhi in front of him. The other party was a keeper of order, as well as the strongest one among all the keepers of order; he had to think about Gu Shunzhi's pride. Wang Ling felt that he was a pretty considerate guy, though he didn't have a girlfriend yet...

Sun Rong took a fancy to him in the beginning, which was a short-lived crush. Didn't it stop after he paid her no attention? So even Wang Ling himself couldn't tell if a girl truly liked him. Even with his Mind-Reading Ability, he couldn't be sure if a girl's attitude toward him was just a momentary illusion or not.

It was actually harder for him to attract people with his more reclusive nature, wasn't it?

"Focus when you're fighting, how can you space out?" Gu Shunzhi stared at Wang Ling, his hands on his hips. He deliberately tightened the Chains of Order, but the boy didn't seem to feel pain, and didn't even frown.

After a few seconds, Gu Shunzhi sensed the boy's pupils change.

It was a pair of pupils with tremendous pressure Gu Shunzhi had never felt before. The boy's pupils turned deep red before taking the shape of flower petals. A formidable power of sight fell on the Chains of Order, and Gu Shunzhi's scalp instantly turned numb and he got goosebumps all over his body.

What strong power of sight...

Gu Shunzhi had never seen this type of power before - it wouldn't be farfetched to call it the strongest in this current era!

It was incredibly astonishing that the power of sight alone could generate such pressure, without any sight spells being cast.

Whoosh!

The next moment, Gu Shunzhi clearly felt his Chains of Order being driven back by a powerful force, as a complete set of spirit armor created purely out of spirit energy formed over the boy's arms and body!

This spirit armor was comprised of very dense spirit energy molecules, and Gu Shunzhi had to withdraw his Chains of Order for the time being. Even as a divine weapon, the Chains of Order weren't without a natural enemy. After all, they were made from refined hair, and were deeply afraid of dense spirit energy molecules... Too long in such an environment and Gu Shunzhi's hair would become dry and frizzy, as well as greasy! It'd be damaged!

When his hair was damaged, the strength of the Chains of Order would be greatly reduced.

Of course, the Chains of Order usually didn't have to fear anything made of dense spirit energy molecules.

After all, as Gu Shunzhi's life bonded magic treasure, the Chains of Order could move freely through cosmic space - how could any common thing made of dense spirit energy molecules affect his Chains of Order?

In The Cultivation Encyclopedia , the unit of measure for spirit energy was the yard. Anything with a spirit energy density of one thousand yards or more in a cubic meter of space was considered to be thick with spirit energy molecules.

When a one thousand-yard, cubic-meter molecule ball exploded, it was no less powerful than a highly explosive grenade.

Taking the Old Devil and General Yi as examples, both the Old Devil's "Chaos Ball" and General Yi's "Palm Sword," which were the techniques that made them famous, were spells that relied on the compression of highly dense power molecules.

The Old Devil's Chaos Ball could reach a density of one to two million.

The density of General Yi's Palm Sword remained steady at around 2.2 million.

The pressure from traveling back and forth through cosmic space in general was about ten million spirit energy molecules.

Gu Shunzhi's Chains of Order could move freely through space and endure pressure up to twenty million spirit energy molecules...

Given Gu Shunzhi's identity as a keeper of order, his Chains of Order had a clear analytical ability and could make visible the statistical data of any substance it touched.

Just now, Gu Shunzhi chose to withdraw the Chains of Order because he saw a string of numbers on Wang Ling's spirit armor that he didn't understand... There were so many numbers that even Gu Shunzhi couldn't count them clearly, so he immediately withdrew the Chains of Order.

...

The Six Heavenly Dao watching the battle outside couldn't help marveling.

"The power of the Chains of Order is already unfathomable, but His Excellency Ling's King's Eye is even more amazing!" Strength Heavenly Dao sighed with feeling.

"The King's Eye has the power to see through to the nature of the universe. Its power of sight can build spirit armor, and it has very formidable defensive abilities. However, as the strongest of all the keepers of order, Gu Shunzhi is also highly observant. His Excellency Ling barely summoned the spirit armor before Gu Shunzhi promptly withdrew the Chains of Order - his response was truly swift," Time Heavenly Dao also said.

Spirit Heavenly Dao laughed. "This is all just playing around to begin with. As the keeper of three cosmic orders, Gu Shunzhi is very meticulous and extremely hardworking. There's nothing more that we can say about His Excellency Ling, so we should praise this keeper of order more. He may be a lot weaker compared with His Excellency Ling, but for him to come this far is already quite a feat! We should commend him for that!"

"Yes, yes! He should be commended!" The rest of the Heavenly Dao nodded in agreement.

But after the battle was over, they resolved to have Gu Shunzhi stay behind to repair the Heavenly Dao Governing Committee's meeting room...

A battle between the strongest keeper of order in the universe and the strongest man in the dimension wasn't entirely without its attractions... but the Great Heavenly Dao all happened to share the same thought: after the battle, what sorry state would their meeting room be in...

...

After the spirit armor was summoned, Gu Shunzhi tried many different techniques.

He used the Chibaku Tensei Hug, Shinratensei Shock, Banshō Ten'in, Spiraling Ball 1 ... nothing could shake this spirit armor at all. Those could all be called devastating attacks, and the keepers of order he had fought before who saw them had been unable to escape them... However, these skills couldn't even so much as scratch this armor.

1(All adapted from Naruto.) This was too IMBA 2 ...

2(The gaming term for too unbalanced, too strong, and/or too amazing ..) It was impossible for normal spells to break through this defense.

So... did he have to use a super spell?

Gu Shunzhi frowned slightly as he stared at Wang Ling.

He saw that Wang Ling was also deep in thought.

Was the other party also pondering how to deal with him?

...

On the other side, Wang Ling who was wrapped tightly in the spirit armor summoned by the King's Eye was indeed frowning slightly.

He hadn't deliberately summoned the spirit armor...

Because he knew that once it was summoned, it would fend off most of Gu Shunzhi's attacks.

But who knew that after activating his King's Eye, it actually had an automatic "protect clone" mechanism, directly wrapping him in spirit armor.

Wang Ling was indeed thinking.

He was thinking about how to cancel the spirit armor...





Chapter 867 The Cosmic God Tree At The Center Of The Universe


Wang Ling was well aware that if the spirit armor couldn't be canceled, the battle wouldn't be able to continue... Gu Shunzhi was very strong, but there was no way for him to break through the absolute defense of the King's Eye.

However, Gu Shunzhi's strength certainly couldn't be underestimated since he could force the King's Eye to launch its absolute defense, and no one had ever been able to do that before... Even Wang Ling himself didn't know that the King's Eye would automatically activate the spirit armor when it felt that the clone was under threat.

Wang Ling's problem now was how to cancel it.

Wang Ling researched it for dozens of seconds before he gave up - he decided to use a quicker and more convenient way to cancel it.

So, he opened the "task manager" in his mind, selected "King's Eye" and "all expansion options under King's Eye," and then clicked "end program"!

Almost instantly, the spirit armor was shut down.

This was a very efficient method which Wang Ling often used to cancel some active spells. Of course, some spells had an enforced time limit, like the Great Fortune Spell. They couldn't be shut down once they were activated, and one could only wait until the duration was completely over.

But...

It was finally canceled.

Wang Ling breathed a long sigh of relief.

When all was said and done, the other party was a respected keeper of order. If he made Gu Shunzhi cast spells one after another and none of them could even pierce the spirit armor, how despairing would he feel as a keeper of order?

As a kind-hearted person, Wang Ling felt that he should be more considerate of others.

"Canceled the spirit armor?"

Gu Shunzhi saw the armor wrapped around the boy disappear, and couldn't help looking displeased.

Was this a provocation? Was the boy looking down on him?

Gu Shunzhi was a little angry in his heart. He had fought so many experts in the universe, but no one had ever given him this sort of attitude before.

He had once defeated a giant fatty with thick, massive arms and a creased chin like a tray of steamed buns who had liked to wear gloves embedded with extremely unusual gems.

He had once defeated a purple man with pointy ears who looked like an alien kangaroo. The man even had an attendant, and Gu Shunzhi had fought them both on his own at the time.

He had also once defeated a brawny guy who liked to wield an electric hammer. This man had a younger brother with the name Rakan whom he doted on even though they weren't biologically related. The electric hammer the man carried back then was called Wang Dachui 1 , which had been very troublesome to deal with, but Gu Shunzhi had still won in the end. When the man shook hands with Gu Shunzhi, he finally told him his name, which was "Xayah" 2 ...

1(The protagonist of the Chinese film "Fantasy." "Chui" 锤 means "hammer.")

2(Xayah and Rakan are a character duo in LoL ..) He had traveled all through the cosmos, maintaining order and defeating countless experts...

But this battle against Wang Ling gave him a completely different feeling.

"I'm going to get serious." His eyes were fixed on Wang Ling.

The next moment, spiritual pressure came pouring down which shook the entire Heavenly Dao space. As the space rippled, endless cracks spread out like a spiderweb.

Wang Ling narrowed his eyes, but was unperturbed as usual.

A few golden leaves flew out of the cracks in the Heavenly Dao space and spun swiftly, turning into sharp discs which swept forward from all directions.

Wang Ling waved his hand in a circle in the air to create a barrier, but these countless golden leaves actually pierced straight through it!

The barrier was constructed with Heavenly Dao, and Wang Ling was a little surprised that the golden leaves could cut through Heavenly Dao.

He had to dodge them bodily.

After all, if these leaves cut his face, he didn't know whether he would bleed, but he would definitely lose some skin...

The six Great Heavenly Dao also turned pale at this scene and were amazed by the origin of these golden leaves.

"The golden leaves of the Cosmic God Tree..." Strength Heavenly Dao was dazed. "Gu Shunzhi even has such a wondrous item?"

Cosmic God Tree...

This was a tree rumored to be at the very center of the universe... Each of its leaves contained the truth of Heavenly Dao!

Strength Heavenly Dao never expected Gu Shunzhi to have the leaves of this tree, let alone refine them into a magic treasure!

"To run into the Cosmic God Tree is truly astonishing fortune. The tree is at the center of the universe, which not many people can find..." A picture scroll of a supremely beautiful planet in the cosmos seemed to unfold in Time Heavenly Dao's eyes, as if he was seeing the flow of time for the Cosmic God Tree.

Time Heavenly Dao spread his palm open, and a majestic and gigantic god tree with golden leaves emerged, like a phoenix rising.

This was a miniature image of the Cosmic God Tree.

It was exactly what the Cosmic God Tree looked like now, and the six Great Heavenly Dao were hit with the rich fragrance of the truth of Great Dao.

They were deeply shaken. It had already been a very long time since they'd observed the Cosmic God Tree's growth, and they wouldn't have known if it hadn't been for Gu Shunzhi - they were astonished because the Cosmic God Tree was almost fully mature.

Strength Heavenly Dao sighed. "I remember the Cosmic God Tree was nothing more than a small sapling back then... who would have thought that in the blink of an eye, it's already become so magnificent."

"I'm a little curious to know how it grew..."

Time Heavenly Dao kept a record of the universe's history, and naturally knew the Cosmic God Tree's background.

The tableau skipped rapidly, and the majestic tree in Time Heavenly Dao's palm also returned to when it had been a sapling.

"1280 times!" Time Heavenly Dao turned the wheel of time.

The Cosmic God Tree in the tableau began to grow rapidly.

Roughly eight thousand years ago, when the Cosmic God Tree was a sapling, the first person to pass by...

"This man is..." Spirit Heavenly Dao asked.

"Star Monarch Gu Yuan. He is Gu Cheng's father and Gu Shunzhi's grandfather," Time Heavenly Dao explained.

"I never thought that the first person would also be connected to the Gu family..." said Strength Heavenly Dao.

Everyone watched as Star Monarch Gu Yuan arrived at the Cosmic God Tree sapling with an overjoyed expression on his face.

The six Great Heavenly Dao thought that Star Monarch Gu Yuan was going to prostrate himself before the tree, when they saw this man forcefully undo this belt. "Fuck! I've been holding it in for so long!"

After several seconds...

The sapling was watered with a stream of gold-colored liquid.

The six Great Heavenly Dao: "..."

After that, the Cosmic God Tree grew from a sapling into a small tree...

...

Then, about six thousand years ago, another wretch... oh, no, another formidable Dao Master passed through by chance...

He also left his long-accumulated stockpile of manure on the Cosmic God Tree...

The Cosmic God Tree grew again...





Chapter 868 Wang Ling Opens His Mouth to Speak!


There was a Cosmic God Tree sapling in the center of each of the ten universes, but the Cosmic God Tree in the seventh universe had the most robust growth. Everything had gotten out of hand in this universe since eight thousand years ago, from the moment Star Monarch Gu Yuan, who was Gu Cheng's father and Gu Shunzhi's grandfather, took a piss there.

After that...

Six thousand years ago...

Five thousand years ago...

Four thousand years ago...

More and more people visited the Cosmic God Tree at the center of the seventh universe, and the scariest thing was that if they weren't Dao Masters, then they were Dao Gods... Traveling solo through the universe, they could never find a place to take a piss. This piss contained their primordial qi and couldn't be sprayed just anywhere. Besides, relieving themselves wherever they liked was very impolite!

Thus, this Cosmic God Tree in the seventh universe became a transfer point for this group of bigwigs on their travels through the cosmos, acting as something like a highway rest stop.

As it turned out, these bigwigs' holy water was exceedingly rich with nutrition, causing the Cosmic God Tree to grow to such an unprecedented size...

"Look! His Excellency Ling's barrier is breaking open!"

The six Great Heavenly Dao had just reviewed the Cosmic God Tree's growth history, when Strength Heavenly Dao suddenly cried out.

Under their extremely astonished gazes, these golden leaves which looked as frail as cicada wings exhibited the greatest power in front of the barrier. Like the life-threatening mechanism in the film Saw which could cut open a person's guts, the sharp discs formed by the spinning golden leaves cut through and shattered the serious clone's barrier.

These spinning golden leaves didn't have any strong light effects and didn't even leave a ripple.

However, with their persistent force, they cut through the rigid barrier.

Wang Ling frowned inwardly. No one could see how these spinning golden leaves attacked, but Wang Ling could see it clearly with the dynamic vision of his King's Eye.

The golden leaves of the Cosmic God Tree disintegrated and regenerated to complete the attack.

The leaves themselves couldn't withstand the barrier's powerful thickness and shattered, but thanks to their formidable vitality, they regenerated to complete the glorious task of cutting the barrier open.

"He actually broke His Excellency Ling's barrier!" Strength Heavenly Dao tsked. "This is the first time I've seen someone who can cut open His Excellency Ling's barrier. It seems that the leaves of this Cosmic God Tree are indeed unusual. The Cosmic God Tree has acknowledged Gu Shunzhi and made its power available for his use - indeed, there is a reason why he is ranked first of the keeper of orders and oversees three universes."

Time Heavenly Dao nodded. "Gu Shunzhi's performance indeed isn't bad; it's worthy of a little red flower 1 ."

1(The equivalent of giving kids a gold star for a job well done..) As they talked, Gu Shunzhi spread open his slender fingers and summoned back the golden leaves of the Cosmic God Tree. The seven golden leaves, which had spiritual intelligence, turned into seven balls of light which swirled between his fingers.

"So? Am I qualified to be your opponent now?"

Gu Shunzhi stared at Wang Ling and narrowed his eyes. "Honestly speaking, these golden leaves of the Cosmic God Tree are my final trump card; you are the first person to force me to use them."

Wang Ling straightened his expression - he had a hunch that these seven golden leaves brimming with vitality weren't the only things which Gu Shunzhi had gotten from the Cosmic God Tree.

Sure enough, Wang Ling's guess was spot on.

Just as he was wondering this, he saw the smile on Gu Shunzhi's face gradually disappear, and Wang Ling immediately knew that Gu Shunzhi was going to pull out a truly huge move!

At that moment, Gu Shunzhi's aura soared, and he made a hand seal.

The instant he completed it, some force actually shook the Heavenly Dao space apart.

Right after that, Wang Ling and the six Great Heavenly Dao saw golden branches stretch through the cracks in the space.

The branches of the Cosmic God Tree!

The six Great Heavenly Dao were utterly shaken!

They should have known! The seven golden leaves of the Cosmic God Tree couldn't be Gu Shunzhi's only trick!

Not only had the Cosmic God Tree acknowledged Gu Shunzhi, the latter had become its spiritual master!

His hand seal just then was a summoning seal!

He had summoned the Cosmic God Tree over!

As the most powerful god tree in the cosmos, the instant the Cosmic God Tree appeared, the situation on the battlefield seemed to turn in Gu Shunzhi's favor.

Terrifying golden branches stretched through the cracks as if they could reach the end of the universe; even Wang Ling was shaken by this divine aura.

It had to be said that Gu Shunzhi had truly given him the most pleasant surprise.

Wang Ling was sixteen this year, and had yet to meet such a strong person.

None of the opponents he had faced before could be placed on the same level as Gu Shunzhi.

If the six Great Heavenly Dao knew what Wang Ling was thinking at that moment, they would definitely be astonished since this was a pretty high estimation.

Gu Shunzhi wasn't in a hurry to act. He summoned the Cosmic God Tree and had its branches occupy the entire fractured Heavenly Dao space.

Wang Ling was surrounded!

Gu Shunzhi stared at Wang Ling, full of confidence. "So? Is this good enough? This truly is my final trump card, so why don't you summon something and fight me on equal footing? If I win, I don't want anything - I just want to know who on earth you are."

At Gu Shunzhi's words, the entire Heavenly Dao space went silent for several seconds.

The Cosmic God Tree's branches were aimed at Wang Ling. With a mere thought from Gu Shunzhi, these branches would immediately lash out to tie Wang Ling up.

Furthermore, Wang Ling could sense that the branches had a suppressive force in them that was similar to Jingke's aura, though he was sure that they weren't the same.

"You're very strong."

To the surprise of the six Great Heavenly Dao, Wang Ling actually opened his mouth.

This wasn't mind speech!

This, wasn't mind speech!!

When Wang Ling spoke, Gu Shunzhi's knees almost went weak.

- Because this was the sound of a youngster whose voice had yet to break.

He thought that given Wang Ling's strength, he should at least have several thousand years' worth of cultivation...

Generally, there were some big shots like this who indeed wanted to maintain their youthful appearance. However, in order to emphasize their bigwig identities, they still kept their adult voices.

Thus, Gu Shunzhi felt that Wang Ling's teenage voice was in poor taste.

But this wasn't surprising, since like everyone else, Gu Shunzhi didn't know Wang Ling's real age...

"So, are you going to summon something for a fair fight?" Gu Shunzhi crossed his arms and looked at Wang Ling. "I can wait, my word as a gentleman! I promise that I won't do anything before your summons!"

"It seems, you're too confident."

Wang Ling gazed at Gu Shunzhi as he said his second sentence.

He stretched out his hands and clapped them, and a summoning array instantly appeared in the air.

Gu Shunzhi was stunned at this scene... a summoning without seals?

What kind of operation was this?

He had never seen this before!

He was even more stunned by the summoned object.

Gu Shunzhi rubbed his eyes to confirm that he wasn't seeing wrong.

Hm...

That was...

A toilet...





Chapter 869 Lord Ma's Great Battle Against the Cosmic God Tree


Was this a toilet... or was he under an illusion spell...

This was the question that popped into Gu Shunzhi's head the instant he saw the toilet. He even cast several spells on himself in a row, like the "Lucidity Spell,""Purification Spell,""Haiwa Died, Mental Disco Dancing Spell 1 ," and "Mother Has Been Gone for Ten Years, Wake Up Spell 2 ," to confirm that he wasn't seeing wrong because of an illusion spell.

1(A meme based on actress Huang Shengyi's exaggerated acting on the variety show "The Birth of An Actor.")

2(Actress Ouyang Nana's line in "The Birth of An Actor," in which her acting was criticized.) That, was indeed a white, spotless modern toilet — worst of all, it was emitting a terrifying aura which was no less inferior to the Cosmic God Tree's...

In fact, Wang Ling had already enlightened Lord Ma a second time before summoning it here.

The summoned Lord Ma was now the most powerful fighter of all the enchanted gremlins in the Wang family's small villa, while in second place was Book of Sage Immortal iPoid.

But Book of Sage Immortal wasn't a gremlin that had been enchanted a second time. It had been enlightened later, and had a technological advantage.

Wang Ling's enchantment ability was growing every day.

The later the gremlins were enlightened, the more powerful they were.

In fact, the enchantments could be overlaid on each other.

For example, being enlightened a second time.

Gremlins that were enlightened a second time were those that had Wang Ling's full trust.

In the Wang family's small villa, it could be said that Lord Ma labored hard and made great contributions... Not only did he frequently serve as a messenger, but to establish good communication between the human world and the demon world, Lord Ma had now become an envoy who communicated with the demon world.

When emissaries from the demon world wanted to come to the human world, they needed to report to Lord Ma, and after producing a letter of consent from Demon Saint, Lord Ma would then specially construct a transmission portal.

Apart from that, in daily life...

Lord Ma also suffered a lot.

In order to deal with Father Wang's bad habit of sitting on the toilet for a long time, Mother Wang had Wang Ming invent a thermal toilet. Thus, Father Wang would sometimes sneak into Wang Ling's room to use the toilet.

Currently, Lord Ma was the only big shot to have seen the buttocks of all the men in the Wang family, which was a rousing fact!

Thus, Lord Ma had a very high position in Wang Ling's heart.

Before having Lord Ma come out this time, Wang Ling had pondered for a very long time.

Of all the battle forces he could summon, Wang Ling felt that Lord Ma was by and large the only one who could match the Cosmic God Tree.

Indeed, he could have summoned Xiao Yin and Er Ha, but they clearly weren't as strong as the Cosmic God Tree.

Now, after being enlightened for the second time, Lord Ma's strength just so happened to reach a particular standard, which was no small thing.

So, pondering this, Lord Ma transformed into a human.

In his human form, Lord Ma was an old man dressed in white with an old-world charm. He resembled a man of letters and had a scholarly air about him which was completely detached from everyone's impression of shit, piss or farts. But Lord Ma's image was in fact also related to everyone's expectations of the toilet — if your family's toilet could take on a human form, what did you think it would look like?

Since the development of the toilet, how many scholars were suddenly hit by inspiration while sitting on it, going on to complete their research and make further leaps in human culture and scientific research?

This was the ladder mankind climbed toward progress.

And how many pure young men, in the depths of the night, threw their descendants wrapped in tissue into the toilet?

This was a reflection on human reproduction.

As the "ladder" for the progress of mankind and a reflection on "reproduction," it could be said that Lord Ma's emergence played a decisive role.

Whenever he thought of this, even Wang Ling himself was deeply moved.

But it was clear that Gu Shunzhi didn't understand this.

"You'll pay for looking down on me."

Gu Shunzhi took a deep breath. His eyes darkened, and swiftly controlling the Cosmic God Tree, he made a flower-like hand seal and only said three words, "Tree World Falling 3 !"

3(The Jukai Kotan jutsu from "Naruto.") In an instant, the branches which densely covered the Heavenly Dao space suddenly moved in unison!

They started to stretch out in Wang Ling and Lord Ma's direction, like earth dragons rising from the ground.

"Watch out, my lord!"

Bent on protecting his master, Lord Ma quickly made a hand seal and tossed a cube at Wang Ling. "Primitive World: Detachment of Water Tank Technique 4!"

4(Adapted from Detachment of the Primitive World Technique in Naruto ..) This was a spell for transforming a toilet water tank, and at that moment, it instantly turned into a silvery-white cube which safely encased Wang Ling safely.

The golden branches were reached out were all firmly held off and couldn't go any further.

It was just a brief exchange, but the six Great Heavenly Dao felt like they had been stabbed deeply...

Because they now finally sensed a problem.

It seemed...

That even a toilet was stronger than they were!

Monster!

Lord Ma didn't have any flashy moves. He fought solely with the strength he had obtained after being enlightened; if the Cosmic God Tree's golden branches wanted to catch him, it wouldn't be that easy.

Only then did Gu Shunzhi take note of how strong Lord Ma was.

The Cosmic God Tree's golden branches were on the verge of catching Lord Ma, but he didn't move even an inch. His body actually turned transparent in front of everyone and the golden branches couldn't grab hold of him at all.

"The power of space..."

Gu Shunzhi understood.

This Lord Ma was adept at spatial skills and had mastered a spatial layer ability which allowed part or all of his body to escape into another layer of space when he was under threat, only releasing his real body when the threat was gone.

Gu Shunzhi smiled.

This was indeed a very powerful ability.

But in Gu Shunzhi's eyes, this spatial layer technique wasn't anything special.

His Chains of Order could even pass through three universes — a mere spatial layer spell was nothing to them!

Thus, Gu Shunzhi quickly thought of a countermeasure.

He summoned the Chains of Order once again and penetrated Lord Ma's spatial layers, using the Chains of Order as a bridge to connect the two spaces together.

Once the spaces were linked, they merged completely inside out.

Just like that, Lord Ma's spatial layer spell was broken.

And in the next moment, the golden branches grabbed firm hold of Lord Ma's shoulders.

"Not good!" Lord Ma knew things were bad.

Was he going to lose?

No...

He could still put up a fight.

In fact, he still had one last trump card when facing the Cosmic God Tree, which he hadn't used yet.

Even if he lost!

He would do it standing up!

If he lost without going all out, that would be too aggravating!

So Lord Ma took a deep breath and opened his mouth wide. The next moment, an endless gravitational pull was generated, which actually created a storm in space, and the sound of a flushing toilet rang out! Gu Shunzhi finally understood that this Lord Ma's ultimate killing move was actually swallowing space!

Originally, Lord Ma didn't want to use this move.

Because it was a smelly one...

When the space-swallowing spell was cast, Lord Ma was reconnected to the space passage, and the smell of the filthy things he had swallowed in the past would be transmitted from the space on the other side directly through his mouth...

"Naive..." Gu Shunzhi laughed again. "Want to go up against the Cosmic God Tree with just this level of suction? The Cosmic God Tree has stood in the center of the universe for thousands of years without falling, and is long used to any sort of space fluctuations."

In the end, as soon as Gu Shunzhi finished speaking —

The Cosmic God Tree smelled a scent it knew well in that moment, and stopped restraining Lord Ma's movements.

The Cosmic God Tree indeed wasn't swallowed by the vortex created by the space-swallowing spell.

But... the moment Lord Ma opened his mouth and the tree smelled that familiar scent, it was suddenly hungry...

So the next second...

The Cosmic God Tree's branches moved forward to squeeze into Lord Ma's mouth...

...

Winner: Wang Ling.





Chapter 870 Unexpected


Defeated, Gu Shunzhi fell to his knees as if his soul had fled his body.

He had thoroughly lost this battle.

The Cosmic God Tree was his ultimate trump card. As the most powerful summoning he had, Gu Shunzhi never thought that in the end, he wouldn't even be able to handle a mere toilet gremlin.

He had been utterly defeated by the youngster before him.

He was outclassed in all respects...

Wang Ling drew close and patted Gu Shunzhi on the shoulder.

Honestly speaking, Wang Ling didn't expect the Cosmic God Tree to be lured away by Lord Ma. He still had other tricks up his sleeve when he summoned Lord Ma, because even though Lord Ma had been enlightened again, the fact was that he still wasn't as strong overall as the Cosmic God Tree.

It was such an unexpected outcome in the end.

Nevertheless, Wang Ling had to say that Gu Shunzhi had done a good job.

Pushing his serious clone to this point wasn't something an ordinary person could have done.

It could only be said, as expected of the keeper of order recognized by three universes.

He was really something!

But on second thought, Wang Ling felt it wasn't good to push Gu Shunzhi too hard.

As a keeper of order who safeguarded cosmic order, he shouldn't be stressed!

Wang Ling was worried that this defeat would be a huge blow to Gu Shunzhi.

So, looking at Gu Shunzhi whose soul seemed to have fled his body, Wang Ling decided to give him a small reward as consolation.

After all, Gu Shunzhi wasn't a bad guy, and was the most powerful keeper of order in the ten universes.

He got nothing out of maintaining cosmic order, plus it was hard work!

At that very moment, Gu Shunzhi had fallen to his knees on the ground, supporting himself on his hands and his face full of unhappiness. He had expected the battle to at least end in a draw, and didn't think he would lose so terribly.

When the boy's hand landed on his shoulder, Gu Shunzhi felt his entire soul lifted up.

At that moment, Wang Ling saw that Gu Shunzhi's eyes were a little excited.

This was followed by Gu Shunzhi gripping his hand firmly, his eyes full of curiosity. "Can you tell me... why are you so strong..."

Wang Ling stared at Gu Shunzhi and was silent.

He wanted to know as well!

Too bad even he himself didn't know why he was so strong...

He hadn't even known that he had mastered the thirty thousand Great Dao of the ten universes until yesterday!

Gu Shunzhi's heart was very tired, and so was Wang Ling's...

He stared at the blue sky, the dome of Heavenly Dao space a vast ocean of stars...

Wang Ling heaved a deep sigh, turned, and directly vanished.

But before that, he left Gu Shunzhi a reward as encouragement.

It was a crispy noodle snack packet which had been enchanted...

Wang Ling promptly departed the instant he left this crispy noodle snack behind because he was worried he would regret his decision and take it back.

Picking up the crispy noodle snack from the ground with both hands, Gu Shunzhi examined it for a long time, lost in deep thought.

After seeing Wang Ling leave, the six Heavenly Dao came over and surrounded Gu Shunzhi at that moment.

Strength Heavenly Dao: "Friend Gu... if we may be so bold as to ask..."

Gu Shunzhi looked up. "???"

Strength Heavenly Dao: "Would it be possible for you to give us the noodles in your hand..."

Gu Shunzhi realized then that the noodles which the senior had given him wasn't an ordinary thing.

Not if it could make the Heavenly Dao fall all over themselves for it.

Actually, the Heavenly Dao had a lot of crispy noodle snacks, but it was this packet in Gu Shunzhi's hand which they had to have no matter what!

Because the noodles they had weren't regular ones, but were all expired...

They were nothing like the enchanted version in Gu Shunzhi's hands!

Gu Shunzhi: "I'm very sorry. This is something senior gave me, and I'm not going to give it up."

The six Great Heavenly Dao sighed. They had expected this answer, but still couldn't help feeling a little disappointed.

Strength Heavenly Dao: "Then could Friend Gu please agree to another request..."

Gu Shunzhi: "???"

Strength Heavenly Dao said in deadly earnest, "I want to lick Friend Gu's hand... You touched His Excellency Ling's hand with it, didn't you?"

Gu Shunzhi was alarmed.

He promptly fled Heavenly Dao space with the crispy noodle snacks.

He never expected the six Great Heavenly Dao of the seventh universe to actually be a bunch of madmen!

Strength Heavenly Dao: "Friend Gu! Don't go! Please! Let me lick... No! A sniff will do!"

Time Heavenly Dao: "Hey... No need to be reserved now! We should have pushed him down and directly licked him just now!"

Life And Death Heavenly Dao: "Remember, no waffling next time! Act right away!"

...

On the way back, Gu Shunzhi ate the packet of crispy noodle snacks.

As a result...

From that moment on, there was another man in the universe...

Obsessed with crispy noodle snacks.

Even after this man returned to his own time, he was punished by his own father for pilfering the crispy noodle snacks left on the altar...

...

Meanwhile, the game of tag between Lord Ma and the Cosmic God Tree continued...

The Cosmic God Tree had taken on human form and was running happily around Lord Ma's world. She was the typical image of a female tree spirit, her entire body brimming with cosmic divinity. She wore a golden robe and had golden hair, and even the ornament she wore in her long hair was decorated with dark golden leaves that looked beautiful.

But such a beautiful maiden was at that moment running around madly and merrily in Lord Ma's world, stepping on golden...

Perhaps for many people, this stuff was incredibly disgusting.

However, for the Cosmic God Tree, this was fertilizer that was hard to come by.

Lord Ma had his spiritual awareness take on human form inside his inner world and he said to the Cosmic God Tree, "Miss... Please leave, you shouldn't be here..."

Miss Yu 1 stretched out her branches to absorb the rich fertilizer on the ground. "I haven't eaten my fill for so long! Your place is simply heaven! Only a fool would leave!"

1(From "yu zhou," the word for "universe..") "Miss, this filthy place... is unbefitting of your status as a cosmic god tree..." Lord Ma patiently tried to persuade her.

"Tch! I don't want to be some god tree... People want to live, so do trees! I'm helping you dispose of this filth, you should be thanking me!" As she spoke, Miss Yu sent out her branches again and stuck them deep into the ground.

Lord Ma blushed. He had never been entered so deeply before, and trembled even as he spoke. "Miss Yu, you... don't..." He had never had such a beautiful girl suck him dry before.

Miss Yu paid no attention to his advice, and the branches of the Cosmic God Tree took deep root in Lord Ma's inner world, gulping up the nutrients.

"You..." Lord Ma clenched his teeth.

"You men are all pig's feet. You should be feeling good, right?"

"Ah... no! I can't... Miss Yu, stop!"

Miss Yu sucked up a few more mouthfuls, then hiccuped, perfectly satisfied after a full meal.

Her golden branches shone even brighter!





Chapter 871 Miss Yu's Ability


Lord Ma wanted to cry but had no tears to shed. As a toilet, he had conscientiously guarded Wang Ling's ensuite lavatory for many years... Although he had seen the buttocks of all the men in the Wang family, he had never been this offended and deeply penetrated before...

But this Miss Yu clearly didn't see a problem with any of this. She roamed Lord Ma's inner world merrily, grinning from ear to ear. Branches stretched out behind her to gulp down the nutrients under her feet, as if she was walking on a golden beach of gourmet food...

"Miss Yu... You really need to stop..." Lord Ma couldn't take it anymore. His legs felt so weak he could barely stand! It was because this Miss Yu's suction was really too strong!

He had been a toilet for so many years and had sucked countless things down his throat. Lord Ma didn't think anyone was his match when it came to suction... However, after meeting this Miss Yu today, Lord Ma realized he was still too green...

It could only be said that as expected of Miss Yu; as the tree spirit spawned by the Cosmic God Tree of the seventh universe, from the moment she was watered as a sapling, she had used her formidable power to suck up nutrients to grow to her current state - no wonder Miss Yu was the most developed Cosmic God Tree of the ten universes.

When the Cosmic God Trees of the other universes had just acquired Doran's Blade, this Miss Yu of the seventh universe had already collected the six divine items 1 ...

1(Doran's Blade is a starter item in LoL, while six divine items probably refer to the champion specific items ..) The Cosmic God Tree ran in front while Lord Ma chased her. When Lord Ma was almost too weak to run any longer, Miss Yu finally stopped, and she gripped Lord Ma's hands firmly. "You're a toilet, I'm a tree spirit - we're a match made in heaven!"

Lord Ma was startled... These two things could actually share a connection?!

"I don't care. After I started to follow Gu Shunzhi, he's never fed me full even once. Although the quality of the fertilizer in your space varies, at least there's enough of it!" Miss Yu complimented Lord Ma, but that didn't make him happy at all.

Speaking of Gu Shunzhi, Lord Ma was suddenly curious. "May I ask, Miss Yu, why did you choose to follow this Mr Gu to begin with..."

Miss Yu smiled a little bashfully. "I've been pissed on by so many people, who directly treat me as a public toilet. When I discovered how exceptionally good Gu Shunzhi's fertilizer was, I decided to follow him. But he only uses the toilet once a month, which really drives me crazy!"

Lord Ma: "..."

Cultivators with high realms could control their own metabolism. Keepers of cosmic order like Gu Shunzhi were so busy that they often forgot to go to the toilet... Listening to Miss Yu speak, Lord Ma somehow felt like they were the words of a spoiled child.

Miss Yu: "That, if you don't mind, how about we also sign a contract?"

Lord Ma was shocked. "You and me? I... I'm just an enlightened gremlin..."

Miss Yu nibbled on her fingers. "It doesn't matter to me what you are - I just know that you are a master who can feed me until I'm full! Plus, your space will always be filled with waste, which will save me time foraging."

Lord Ma took a deep breath. "Miss Yu, you mustn't... You have to cancel your contract first before signing with me, don't you?"

Miss Yu: "Then I'll cancel the contract. It's not a big deal."

Lord Ma sweated and quickly made up an excuse. "That won't do - if my master blames me, I'll be beaten back into my original form, and Miss Yu may never find me again in this lifetime..."

Miss Yu sighed. "Your master is really strict! How about I go look for your master to make an exception? What does your master like? I'll give him a gift!"

Lord Ma: "Crispy... crispy noodle snacks..."

"That's easy!"

With that, Miss Yu's eyes started to search the area under her feet.

Lord Ma: "What is Miss Yu looking for? There are no crispy noodle snacks in this excrement..."

"Says who?"

Saying that, Miss Yu picked up a lump of shit. "Look, this was a crispy noodle snack. No one else can see it, but I can tell right away. This is all filth to you, but in my eyes, they look like what they were before becoming shit."

Lord Ma paled with shock. "..." What... what the hell kind of ability was this?!

Miss Yu then started to identify the other pieces of shit. "Look, that big lump was a spicy hot pot. And that fresh-looking one was a fruit salad! And, and, these are from Yang's Braised Chicken Rice, Conqueror Macarons, a six-layered beef burger, steamed lamb, steamed bear's paw, steamed reeds, roasted flower duck, roasted gosling, awesome pig, awesome duck, awesome chicken, dried pork, Songhua tripe..."

Lord Ma: "..."

...

Saturday, August 19th.

It was the sixth day after the official start of the summer break.

A very familiar patient had come to Immortal Toya's Chrysanthemum Island.

It was none other than Li Diao...

After being forcefully fed a crispy noodle snack, when Wang Ling had enchanted a bacterium inside in passing, Li Diao had had diarrhea non-stop and his body was about to collapse. His son, Li Hao, had already been kicked out of school, and Li Diao had been tipped off that the directors of the school board planned to have them deported to Lixiu's vampire control center.

Thus, Li Diao had taken Li Hao and fled Songhai that very night, doing whatever they could to get to Chrysanthemum Island.

When Immortal Toya saw Li Diao, the latter was exceptionally haggard. He no longer looked like a teenager, but an emaciated zombie.

On the side, brawny Li Hao fell to his knees with a plop. "Immortal! Please! Save my father! We're desperate, and you're our last hope!"

Immortal Toya initially didn't want to have anything to do with this; after all, this was the person blacklisted by Ling Zhenren...

But doctors were humane - seeing how much suffering the diarrhea caused Li Diao, Immortal Toya didn't have the heart to turn them away.

If he didn't do anything, it was possible that Li Diao might die from diarrhea...

"Your father still has diarrhea?" Immortal Toya asked.

"He's wearing an anal plug now, but it's very uncomfortable," Li Hao replied - Li Diao already could no longer speak, and Li Hao had had to carry him on his back even before they reached the island.

"I may not be able to cure your father, but I should be able to ease some of his pain." Immortal Toya stared at Li Diao with a profound expression and sighed.

Li Hao bowed his head. "I'm very sorry... about the school incident..."

Immortal Toya gazed at Li Hao. "It seems that the two of you still don't understand. The reason you and your father ended up like this wasn't because of the school incident."

After that, he wrote three letters in the air, then said, "Bring your father inside, then go and gain enlightenment."

Li Hao stared at the three letters foolishly.

G... C... M?

What did this mean...





Chapter 872 Immortal Toya's Emergency Treatment Plan


Li Hao had come to Immortal Toya because he knew that they were at the end of their rope and had nowhere else to go.

Immortal Toya was well-known for being a nice guy in the circle. He had publicly made it clear at the very beginning that he was severing ties with DG High School, but in the end, he was the only person Li Hao could think of that could help them.

Of course, Li Hao felt very remorseful. He never thought that shooting his mouth off on Tieba would actually cause him and his father to fall into such a wretched state overnight.

Li Hao initially thought that worst came to worst, they would just return home to Lixiu nation. However, they never thought that for the sake of preserving the last bit of DG High's reputation, the other school directors were actually prepared to abandon them as chess pieces. They were now wanted by Lixiu's vampire control center, and they would instantly come under their control as soon as they landed.

This was truly what it meant to not be able to go home...

GCM...

What on earth did these three letters mean? His father on his back, Li Hao pondered them deeply.

Immortal Toya had given them this hint when they were at the end of their rope - this definitely wasn't some sort of nonsense. Perhaps it was a chance to save him and his father... But Li Hao still couldn't figure out what the exact meaning of the letters was.

Li Hao followed Immortal Toya as they entered the island. At that moment, Li Diao on his back suddenly said in an extremely distressed voice, "Li Hao..."

Li Hao turned his face slightly. "What is it, father?"

"I... I can't hold it in..." Li Diao's voice was full of pain.

To block his constant diarrhea, he had plugged up his ass and held it in until now, but it was quickly becoming too much.

"Father, we're almost there! Hold on a little longer!" Cold sweat ran down Li Hao's face as he sped up.

However, in the next moment, Immortal Toya heard a massive rumble.

When he turned, he saw Li Hao, with Li Diao on his back, actually take off from his spot, hurtling along like a jet propeller.

"My god..."

Seeing this scene, Immortal Toya couldn't help swearing as he hurriedly flew into the air to dodge them.

Li Hao advanced forward boldly under this powerful momentum... all the way to the horizon...

...

When Li Hao and his father landed back on the ground, half an hour had already passed.

Wearing face masks, Jin Shi and Yin Shi used purification talismans to clean up the filth on the island.

In the meantime, Immortal Toya had figured out a provisional emergency plan to ease Li Diao's pain.

"Immortal, you mean..." Li Hao looked at Immortal Toya's diagnosis report.

Actually, he couldn't understand the words on the report... because they were really too illegible! Worse than the mad scribbles in the diagnosis reports of hospital doctors! If their handwriting was just illegible, then Immortal Toya's was all pixels.

Oh, no, not everything was incomprehensible...

Li Hao saw a string of numbers: 365000000...

But he didn't know what they meant.

Just then, Jin Shi suddenly said, "If you don't understand, just say so. Otherwise, no one will know that you don't understand."

Li Hao: "..."

Jin Shi then took off his gloves, straightaway took the diagnosis report, and interpreted it for Li Hao. "What shifu wrote is very clear - do you know about fighting poison with poison? Based on this diagnosis, shifu will later give your father a prescription. It's a powerful laxative which can clear the intestines and purify toxins. Shifu has diagnosed that your father's condition is the result of a bacterial infection in his gut."

"Fight poison with poison?" Li Hao was dazed.

"This is the only way to save your father right now!" Jin Shi said. "But this method is also risky - there's a chance that your father will die of diarrhea on the toilet... You have to understand, it's a twenty-eight percent chance, but currently there's no other way to save your father right now. The bacteria in your father's gut is super bacteria which is pretty nasty!"

After taking the diagnosis report back from Jin Shi, Li Hao fell into a long silence.

It was a very difficult choice.

But Li Hao also knew that except for Immortal Toya, there was currently no one else who could help them.

"I believe in Immortal's medical skills, I'll sign!"

In the end, Li Hao signed his name.

Jin Shi nodded; Li Hao turned out to be a filial son. Then, Jin Shi took a POS machine out of his storage ring. "The medical bill is 356 million HNY. Will you be paying by card, WeChat or Alipay?"

Hao Li was shaken. "So expensive..."

"Wasn't it on the diagnosis report? You can read numbers, can't you?" Jin Shi said.

Li Hao: "..." So that was what the numbers meant!

But the problem was that Li Hao and his father didn't have that much money!

To put down 356 million HNY... they would have to sell off some of their real estate properties in Lixiu nation to just cover that amount!

"I only have fifty million HNY in pocket money right now. Can I pay part of it first... and the rest in installments..." Li Hao said weakly.

"Yes; saving lives is more important, we're not devils. Everyone has their difficulties, we understand!" Jin Shi gave a very seasoned answer.

Immortal Toya gaped from where he was watching on the side.

He felt that after taking Jin Shi to the city previously, the latter's marketing skills had simply skyrocketed.

After the payment, Jin Shi and Yin Shi prepared to boil the medicine according to Immortal Toya's prescription, while Li Hao supported his father and followed Immortal Toya to a toilet on the island.

This was Immortal Toya's own toilet. Normally, he wouldn't let outsiders use it, but he didn't expect Li Diao's diarrhea to be so bad, so he had no choice but to open his own toilet to him.

This was because an ordinary toilet obviously couldn't withstand the force from Li Diao. The toilet bowl in Immortal Toya's toilet had in fact been enchanted by Wang Ling himself. This was Lord Ma Two, but it was different from the original Lord Ma.

Lord Ma Two didn't have its own spiritual intelligence; it was just sturdier than an ordinary toilet bowl. Furthermore, Lord Ma Two's inner space was connected to Lord Ma...

...

Meanwhile, the original Lord Ma, who was still negotiating with the Cosmic God Tree Miss Yu, saw a black hole suddenly appear in his inner space at that moment... and tons of fresh stuff was dumped in...

Miss Yu: "This person should be a vampire, right?"

Lord Ma was amazed. "This... Miss Yu can tell?"

Miss Yu pointed to the fresh, watery pile. "Type A, Type B, Type AB... and Type O..."

Lord Ma: "..."

At that moment, Miss Yu suddenly cried out. "Oh, not good!"

Lord Ma: "What's wrong?"

Miss Yu: "This person probably has a viral infection! His shit is poisonous!"





Chapter 873 The Disaster an Enlightened Bacterium Brings


Lord Ma realized that this author had been a bit nuts recently — it hadn't been easy for Lord Ma to make an appearance, but in the end, if his storyline wasn't about shit, then it was about poisonous shit... As a toilet with deep integrity, even if Lord Ma had a lot of complicated feelings when it came to butts, he felt deeply that his life shouldn't be like this!

At that moment, Miss Yu darted a complicated look at the newly dropped heap, which made her very uneasy. "Lord Ma, do you have a way to get rid of this thing? It feels wrong..."

"What do you mean, Miss Yu?" Lord Ma gazed at this new lump; apart from the fact that it was a bit dark and thick, its shape wasn't any different from the older stuff. After all, in his space, everything came in all shapes and sizes — hard ones, long ones, watery ones...

"Actually, what's wrong isn't this thing itself, but what's inside it! You need a certain power of sight to see it!" Saying this, Miss Yu's golden eyes gave off a brilliant light. "I'm sure something isn't right inside it."

"Really?"

Lord Ma also used his power of sight as his eyes glowed with a dark brown light.

His eyes were different from Miss Yu's Cosmic Eye, which was a power unique to the Cosmic God Tree. Although the name sounded very majestic, it was actually closely related to the power of nature and probably didn't rank very high.

Lord Ma on the other hand had the Eye of No Beginning. Hm... it was actually a homonym of some word 1 , and Lord Ma had determinedly changed it to sound more lofty.

1("Beginning" and "shit" share the same Chinese homonym..) Lord Ma's eyes had the ability to purify.

After Miss Yu mentioned that something wasn't right with this new lump, Lord Ma scanned it with his eyes.

Sure enough, he realized that there were strange-looking things inside the lump that were red and long, wriggling around like worms.

"This is..."

"It should be bacteria."

"It can't be... How can bacteria be so big?" Lord Ma was alarmed.

"Lord Ma's space will naturally contain bacteria, but these ones are obviously abnormal! They have to be purified as soon as possible! Lord Ma!" Miss Yu realized how serious the problem was. "This bunch of bacteria is eating my food!"

Dazed, Lord Ma immediately activated his Eye of No Beginning.

When the dark brown light shone on the bacteria, they curled in on themselves in pain. Some were killed, but Lord Ma realized that his purifying ability wasn't strong enough to solve the problem. This was because the bacteria were absorbing the nutrients from the other excrement in Lord Ma's space and reproducing swiftly!

His purifying ability actually couldn't keep up with this reproduction rate.

Most importantly, Lord Ma noticed that they seemed to be gradually growing larger in size.

This already wasn't bacteria...

Lord Ma refused to believe it.

Mere bacteria could actually grow to be as large as crab sticks.

And as they continued to take in nutrients, they didn't stop growing.

Lord Ma began to panic as he broke into a cold sweat. "Miss... Miss Yu... what should we do?"

This was out of his expectations — he never expected something so dangerous to actually drop into his space.

However, he was very clear on the origins of this dangerous bacteria...

All this started with the single bacterium which his little master had enchanted in passing.

But it was likely that even Little Master Ling himself never expected that enchanted bacterium to reproduce rapidly in Li Diao's body, or for Li Diao to actually discharge part of the bacteria...

Miss Yu furrowed her brow. "We must move them to another space! Destroy them completely! They're too dangerous."

Miss Yu stretched out a branch as she joined the "firefighting" operation.

Lord Ma: "Miss Yu, do you have any ideas?"

Miss Yu: "I'll use the power of space to transfer these things to outer space. In a cosmic environment, they'll freeze quickly, and we'll be able to kill them completely!"

Lord Ma drew in a nervous breath, feeling a little stressed. There was no doubt that Miss Yu was stronger than he was; she also had her own unique technique for handling the power of space.

But the question was whether things would go smoothly.

This was an enchanted super super super bacterium...

And Lord Ma realized that among all the gremlins that Little Master Ling had enchanted, this was the only one which could reproduce and upgrade itself — Lord Ma found this truly astonishing!

At that moment, Miss Yu opened a new space. Using her branch as a bridge, she let the bacteria climb her body and along the branch to the other end in the cosmic space.

"Miss Yu, you..."

"It's fine. I can cut off the branch infected by the bacteria anytime, and it won't hurt." Miss Yu's expression was very solemn.

Lord Ma was touched by her spirit.

This was like the legend of Buddha slicing off a piece of his flesh to feed the eagle; Miss Yu was actually sacrificing part of her body as the price to get rid of the scary bacteria. What kind of utterly fearless spirit was this?

Lord Ma actually felt his eyes tear up a little.

He felt that he might have somewhat misunderstood this unreasonable girl or had been biased against her.

She had gone deep into his inner space, but it wasn't just to eat for free — indeed, she was helping him out a lot!

These long and red maggot-like bacteria crawled along the Cosmic God Tree's extended branch. Miss Yu waited patiently, and after taking the time to confirm that all the bacteria had crawled across her body, she sent them into outer space and cut off the entire branch!

After the bacteria were sent into the universe, they both sighed with relief.

Lord Ma was exultant. "Thank you, Miss Yu!"

"You're welcome!"

She clapped her hands. "If they had remained here, they'd spoil the rest of the food easily and ruin my dining experience."

Lord Ma: "..."

After saying that, Miss Yu waved her hand to open a mirror into space.

She was going to examine whether those abnormal bacteria had already frozen or not.

But what happened then was completely out of her expectations.

The abnormal bacteria, which should have been frozen solid, had actually broken free of the ice, and the largest bacterium had already grown to the size of an infant — it had even grown limbs!

Miss Yu was pale with fright. "They — they actually devoured the nutrients in my branch! This damn E. coli!"

In space, the largest abnormal bacterium sneered cruelly. "Thanks for your help. I am the king of all bacteria kings — you can also call me Lord Fungus!"

Lord Ma and Miss Yu never expected this Lord Fungus to not only grow limbs, but also develop spiritual intelligence and even steal their spatial abilities.

With those words, Lord Fungus directly opened up a space hole to escape, and disappeared.

Although it was an enlightened bacterium, it couldn't remain outside a body for long, and needed to find a suitable host...





Chapter 874 Daoist Name! Devil Gut Fungus Lord!


The enlightened E. coli had turned into Lord Fungus, with the terrifying abilities to upgrade, devour and reproduce. Lord Ma was well aware why his Eye of No Beginning hadn't worked - it wasn't because of his eyes, but because Lord Fungus's ability to reproduce was too strong.

This Lord Fungus was very smart, using this reproduction ability so that small E. coli constantly multiplied to form bacteria armor around its main body - it was like an orange which you could never finish peeling. There was no way to destroy the "pulp" of the main body, which was the most frustrating thing.

Lord Ma and Miss Yu never expected that Lord Fungus's plan all along had been to rely on the excrement in the inner space to evolve. After crawling across Miss Yu's branch and entering space, it rapidly evolved, and furthermore obtained spatial abilities.

They were in real trouble this time!

Even Miss Yu herself was at a loss. "Is - is there still time to use hand sanitizer..."

Lord Ma broke into a sweat. This Miss Yu who had been eating in his inner space was actually now thinking about washing her hands like a clean freak -you were eating with your bare hands, you still dare talk about cleaning them !

"Miss Yu, can you sense where this Lord Fungus is headed?" Lord Ma surveyed every space with his Eye of No Beginning from within his inner space.

This was the Eye's second ability: to see through space. However, it was limited to places that had toilets.

In this world, any place that had a toilet was like an "eye stone" for Lord Ma; he could use the toilets scattered all over the world as eye stones to observe their surroundings. However, his observation range was limited to a radius of five meters.

Even though there were so many toilets, the truth was that he couldn't see much. Furthermore, a lot of the images from these spaces were dark since the toilets were being used; if he wanted to check out the surroundings, he could only wait until these people's butts left first...

There was no way for him to take a good look!

"I'm contacting my Tree Clan comrades to help keep a lookout!" said Miss Yu.

Actually, she was feeling very remorseful about letting this Lord Fungus mature. Half of it was her fault; she had been too naive when dealing with that E. coli, and never thought this would happen.

She should have set her branch on fire right away, and burned the other party up along with it!

Bacteria were afraid of high heat!

But it was now too late.

...

Lord Ma and Miss Yu were using their spatial abilities to try and track down Lord Fungus, who was on the run.

Compared with Lord Ma's limited spatial ability, Miss Yu could work together with her Tree Clan comrades, which made the search a lot easier.

But both of them never expected this Lord Fungus to be so cunning.

It headed for a place without any trees.

At that moment, on Immortal Toya's Chrysanthemum Island, the only respectable toilet was currently occupied by Li Diao. To temper Jinshi's and Yinshi's leg muscles as well as have them form good toilet habits, Immortal Toya set up squat toilets for his two disciples. They were outfitted with wifi signal blockers, so there wasn't any Internet access inside the toilets.

Since Lord Ma couldn't monitor the surroundings from a toilet in use, plus the fact that Chrysanthemum Island was covered in bright chrysanthemums, without a tree in sight, it was the perfect place for Lord Fungus's scheme.

Lord Fungus was afraid of light and fire, but the lush chrysanthemums on the island gave it enough shade to move around in.

The reason why it chose to come to Chrysanthemum Island was because the host it was eyeing was on this island.

Yes, that host wasn't just anybody.

It was the master of Chrysanthemum Island, Immortal Toya.

As someone from a family of medical practitioners, Immortal Toya had been in the trade for a thousand years and was highly knowledgeable. Currently, he was the Toya Clan's only descendant. Normally, a bacterium would never look for a highly-experienced medical specialist as a host, especially a host who was highly resistant to poison; it wasn't easy to invade this host's body and fuse with it.

But the situation now was different.

It was the new and advanced Lord Fungus, and probably the strongest E. Coli in the universe right now! Given its strength, if it could successfully fuse with Immortal Toya, it could become exceedingly drug-resistant, maybe even immortal!

Lord Fungus had already decided to give itself a new Daoist name.

If this operation to occupy its host succeeded, it wanted to infect the entire world; whatever was gone forever would never return.

Devil Gut Fungus Lord!

It had already thought of its Daoist name!

Now, it just had to wait to act!

On the other side, Li Diao was still receiving emergency treatment when Immortal Toya heard the alarm from the chrysanthemum array on the island.

It was an intruder!

But who was it?

Immortal Toya furrowed his brow.

" Shifu , want us to go take a look?" Jinshi asked obediently.

"The two of you just take good care of Mr Li - I'll go check it out. After Mr Li has emptied his bowels, have him drink the medicine as planned. After that, he will have ongoing diarrhea for three days and three nights. As long as he can make it through that, he'll recover," Immortal Toya replied.

"Yes, shifu !"

"Mm..."

After that, Immortal Toya left the room and went outside.

Frowning, he gazed in the direction the alarm had come from.

In fact, he had a bad feeling, and it was because of this that he turned down Jinshi and Yinshi's suggestion that they go take a look.

"Senior Immortal, it appears that there's an intruder on my island. If I don't reply in fifteen minutes, please send someone to come and take a look." To be on the safe side, Immortal Toya typed out a message and sent it to Lord Thunder before he went to check.

Then, he went deep into the chrysanthemum array. The array beneath his feet was a top secret design by his ancestors which would cause ninety-nine percent of people to lose their bearings. With every step, the chrysanthemums around them would constantly change the path, creating a dizzying effect. Each chrysanthemum was specially custom-made and gigantic, standing two meters tall.

What was more, the array had a flight restriction, so it wasn't easy to fly over it.

After entering the array, Immortal Toya looked up at the blue sky - the other party hadn't invaded by air.

Thus, he could only go deep into the array to where the alarm had come from to look for the intruder.

But Immortal Toya never thought that the intruder wouldn't be human.

It was a lump of enchanted bacteria whose aura even he couldn't sense.

As Immortal Toya entered the array to investigate, danger slowly crept up on him from behind...





Chapter 875 An Unquiet Summer Break


Sunday, August 20th.

It was the seventh day of the official summer vacation.

For Wang Ling, the summer break was supposed to be relaxing and quiet, without needing to wake up early in the morning; he didn't even need to complete his summer homework himself. The only thing Wang Ling wanted to do was basically goof off by binge-watching a crack TV show while eating a packet of iced crispy noodle snacks.

This summer break, however, wasn't as peaceful as he had imagined.

It had been a long time since Wang Ling had a prophetic dream. The last time he had one, he dreamt that Lord Thunder was in danger. This time, it was Immortal Toya...

But the Immortal Toya in his dream wasn't lying in a pool of blood like Lord Thunder. Immortal Toya was clearly still alive, but his personality was completely different, and there were even images in the dream of him abusing Jin Shi and Yin Shi...

To Immortal Toya, Jin Shi and Yin Shi were like his son and daughter.

Although Immortal Toya was usually quite strict with Jin Shi and Yin Shi when it came to refining pills, he would never commit this type of domestic violence. In the dream, Wang Ling saw that Jin Shi's and Yin Shi's eyes were swollen and they looked like pandas - definitely nothing like that scheming woman on Sun Island who deliberately touched up her face and claimed that her boyfriend had beaten her badly.

Wang Ling decided to visit Chrysanthemum Island.

But before he set out, he noticed that he had a few missed calls on his wristwatch.

They were all from Lord Thunder.

Unlike an ordinary dream, it wasn't easy to break out of a prophetic dream. That was to say, while Wang Ling was dreaming, he would enter a state from which he couldn't be roused by whatever means until the prophetic dream ended.

It seemed that something had really happened...

Wang Ling frowned and quickly typed out a message to Lord Thunder.

"Brother Ling!"

When Lord Thunder hadn't been able to reach Wang Ling by phone earlier, he hadn't dared directly bother Wang Ling, and so had been waiting in front of his phone this whole time. Seeing the ellipsis Wang Ling sent him, he was instantly stirred up. "Brother Ling, something might have happened to Brother To! I'm going over to his island... plus, I'm a little worried about Jin Shi and Yin Shi. He texted me several hours ago, but I was at the broccoli farm then, and didn't immediately see it... Brother Ling, you know that in order to better cultivate the Heavenly Dao broccoli, we got rid of all radiation, so there's no signal on the farm."

Wang Ling: "..."

Lately, Lord Thunder had been very busy with the Heavenly Dao broccoli.

Since the opening ceremony, when Lord Thunder turned into a True Venerated after eating the Heavenly Dao broccoli, the Office of Strategic Deception had been completely flooded with orders for Heavenly Dao broccoli; all the Heavenly Dao broccoli on the farm were already booked out, and there was even a waitlist now for future orders.

The waitlist was already up to fifty years...

On top of that, the wait time between orders was getting longer.

In short, there just wasn't enough supply of Heavenly Dao broccoli.

Lord Thunder then sent his location.

His was currently on the move.

He was still some distance away from Immortal Toya's Chrysanthemum Island. Unfortunately, Lord Thunder didn't have Wuji with him. Otherwise, with her ability to shuttle between spaces, he would be able to reach Chrysanthemum Island in no time.

Lord Thunder could also open a space with his own strength.

But he could only move short distances.

Because when all was said and done, he wasn't a cultivator who specially cultivated spatial abilities.

From Wang Ling's research before, Thunder was a cultivator with a metal spirit root.

This type of cultivator was more resilient and their spells had an extremely powerful penetrative ability which made them especially useful as support for damage- and attack-resistant defense spells.

Since Lord Thunder was already on his way, Wang Ling felt that there was no hurry for him to go over.

Given Lord Thunder's current realm, an ordinary opponent wouldn't be able to shake him at all.

Moreover, Lord Thunder still had the Soul Suppression Ring which Wang Ling had given to him... He was an extremely stalwart Main Tank warrior who could be endlessly resurrected!

It was Wang Ling who had secretly bestowed this realm and power on Lord Thunder; however, he couldn't just give him a realm and not give him any spells - all stars had their own signature spells.

Like the Old Devil's Chaos Ball.

Like General Yi's Palm Sword.

And like the "The Sixology Scripture" that had been popular recently. This was the signature spell of the famous performance artist Teacher Six. Wang Ling remembered deliberately looking up this spell, which enabled a cultivator to directly summon the spirit of the brave departed in the funeral hall - it was truly an outstanding spell 1 .

1(https://supchina.com/2019/01/08/the-lifetime-of-a-meme-the-lesson-of-zhang-jinlai/ does a very good job of describing what this entire meme is about) In contrast, Lord Thunder didn't seem to have anything he could use as a signature spell.

Unless courting death could be considered a spell...

But the problem was that Lord Thunder wasn't Sion 2either!

2(A character in LoL who can reanimate himself after he dies.) Dropping his forehead into his hands, Wang Ling pondered.

He was going to create a spell for Thunder that matched his metal spirit root.

...

Thus, after several minutes, Lord Thunder, who was hastily making his way to Chrysanthemum Island on his sword in the sky, suddenly saw a space open in front of him. Wang Ling's hand stretched out of the space to pass an exercise book to Lord Thunder.

This was an exercise book for especial use by students. It was light and convenient, and mainly used for math homework...

When Lord Thunder opened the exercise book, he was almost blinded by the glowing golden letters inside.

"This is..."

Lord Thunder was stupefied. This exercise book actually contained a metal palm technique called the "Wutian Golden Buddha Palm."

"Brother Ling..."

Lord Thunder put the exercise book away carefully, then excitedly typed out a message.

This was the first time Wang Ling had given him a spell, and Lord Thunder didn't know how to thank him in words.

Lord Thunder typed excitedly, "Is this spell from a classic collection?"

"Just put together," Wang Ling replied in brief.

Just put together...

What kind of release was that? How was that different from a compilation 3 ...

3(Grenade-Throwing is confused by Wang Ling's "just made"刚编,when he's thinking about "compilation" 精编.) Looking at these three words, Lord Thunder was dazed for a moment.

Then, he sucked in a cold breath of air.

He finally realized how abnormal this spell was.

Wang Ling had only just come up with it...

Was there anyone nowadays who could actually play around and casually create magic?

After seeing how Wang Ling took a few minutes to refine more than ten holy artifacts last time, Lord Thunder already felt like his worldview had been shattered and shuffled around. In the end, looking at this scene in front of him, his worldview was inevitably shaken and destroyed yet again.

But that still wasn't the scariest bit.

The scariest part was the study instructions in this Wutian Golden Buddha Palmbook.

The entire exercise book was written in golden runes which Lord Thunder couldn't read.

The only thing he could understand were the large words "Wutian Golden Buddha Palm" on the first page as well as the study instructions below it.

The contents of the first page were:

Title: Wutian Golden Buddha Palm

Study instructions: Please swallow the exercise book, and you will automatically understand the spell...





Chapter 876 Wutian Golden Buddha Palm


Eat the exercise book, learn a level seven spell... This was probably an exchange no one could have ever imagined.

In fact, Lord Thunder felt that eating the exercise book would be a real pity.

Because Wang Ling's writing was too beautiful!

This was the first time he had seen Wang Ling's writing and it was a whole book of it. For people with OCD, these golden letters were a blessing - except for the title, every character and every rune was roughly the same size; no matter how complex the strokes were, they were all perfectly square.

Anyone who received this type of exercise book wouldn't be able to help hoarding it. Even just opening it and smelling the ink was enough to make you feel very, very close to Heavenly Dao.

Such a pity...

Lord Thunder looked at the exercise book and sighed in his heart.

He couldn't bring himself to do it, but he had to.

Because it was indeed as Wang Ling had thought - Lord Thunder currently didn't have anything he could use as a signature spell.

In the past, although he liked to court death, his approach in most situations was "if I cannot defeat the other party, I'll just throw a Skybomb Grenade and run away"...

But this Wutian Golden Buddha Palm move just so happened to make up for his shortcomings.

Then, Lord Thunder directed his Brilliant Victory sword onward to Chrysanthemum Island.

Finally, he grit his teeth and ruthlessly began to tear up the pages of the exercise book before shoving them into his mouth one by one.

To Lord Thunder's extreme surprise!

Wang Ling had actually added flavor to the exercise book!

This freaking exercise book actually had a taste... And it was a black pepper flavor that Lord Thunder was very familiar with...

It seemed that Brother Ling might have added crispy noodle snack seasoning to the ink of the runes?

Chewing the pages of the exercise book, Lord Thunder smacked his lips... unexpectedly, the exercise book tasted pretty good...

No one could possibly imagine that a cultivator could casually finish learning a level seven spell while flying on his sword, and to do so at such a hair-raising speed.

In a game, it wasn't that easy to learn a skill manual!

Then...

After Lord Thunder finished eating the exercise book -

For one moment, golden spiritual essence flooded his six hollow organs.

He closed his eyes, and actually realized that a magnificent golden Buddha palace now resided in his dantian.

Was this... the power of the Wutian Golden Buddha Palm...

Sensing the power of this level seven spell, Lord Thunder was indescribably shaken.

He was still flying midair on his sword, but his terrifying aura alarmed all nearby cultivators.

Whether they were driving their cars or flying on their swords in the air, or passing by on the ground, every cultivator in that moment rolled down their windows, halted in their steps, or slowed down to simultaneously extend their spiritual senses in the direction of that brimming aura - passersby were amazed to see a golden meteor streak across the sky...

Some rubbed their eyes.

Because the golden meteor felt like Buddha...

...

Meanwhile, the situation on Chrysanthemum Island was now completely under Devil Gut Fungus Lord's control after his surprise attack.

He never expected to actually be so compatible with Immortal Toya's body, and his plan had gone off without a hitch... As a bacterium, he didn't have an aura, which was why his surprise attack had been especially successful.

Now, after several hours of settling down, he had completely fused with this body.

He had even completely suppressed the soul of the host.

Jin Shi and Yin Shi, these two sibling apprentices, were facing the biggest crisis since the founding of Chrysanthemum Island...

"The two of you, decoct the medicine," Devil Gut Fungus Lord snapped at Jin Shi and Yin Shi.

One of Jin Shi's eyes was already swollen because he had resisted earlier, which had been in vain.

Furthermore, this Devil Gut Fungus Lord was threatening them with the body of their beloved shifu .

If they didn't listen to him, Devil Gut Fungus Lord would slice off Immortal Toya's flesh piece by piece. As a bacterium, he didn't feel pain, which instead would directly affect Immortal Toya's soul.

Of course, Jin Shi and Yin Shi weren't the most miserable people on the island.

Because Devil Gut Fungus Lord still needed the siblings to refine medicine on his behalf.

The most miserable people were Li Hao and his father...

Li Diao hadn't recovered from his condition yet, and had become Devil Gut Fungus Lord's test subject.

Devil Gut Fungus Lord had Jin Shi and Yin Shi change the prescription, and made Li Hao and his father eat countless laxatives...

"What exactly is your purpose..." At that moment, Li Hao and his father were squatting in the backyard as they did their business in the vegetable field.

Devil Gut Fungus Lord even went so far as to not allow them to use the toilet - they weren't even allowed to use a squat toilet, and had to directly do their business in the vegetable field...

Li Diao couldn't speak at all. He had already been suffering diarrhea for several days before this; now, he had already collapsed in the middle of the vegetable field, completely unconscious. The only part of his body still functioning was his constantly working intestines...

Staring at the father and son, Devil Gut Fungus Lord smiled. "Since I've decided to make my debut, I have to nurture loyal underlings of my own. Humans aren't unreliable and have many flaws: you are impeded in battle for all sorts of reasons - you aren't qualified to be called soldiers. Bacteria soldiers, on the other hand, are different, as we're a bunch that don't have emotions."

Li Hao: "..."

"The bacteria troops are breeding in your digestive system as we speak, so you need to continue excreting them for me to select worthy bacteria soldiers."

Saying this, Devil Gut Fungus Lord looked proudly at his masterpiece.

There were already thousands upon thousands of eligible soldiers in this vegetable field alone.

Devil Gut Fungus Lord then generated a purple and black spirit energy which he pushed into the bacteria. They were activated and turned into egg-like things.

Li Hao's trypophobia was about to flare up

Because these egg-like things were quivering constantly, as if something was about to hatch and come out...

...

On the other side, Lord Thunder had reached the front line of Chrysanthemum Island in a hurry.

If he hadn't seen it with his own eyes, there was no way Lord Thunder would believe that Chrysanthemum Island could become like this...

All the chrysanthemums on the whole of Chrysanthemum Island had wilted...

This was very powerful demonic qi.

Furthermore, it wasn't from a demon or a devil at all...

Now that he was a True Venerated, Lord Thunder was able to clearly discern auras!

It seemed that the guy on the island didn't have a simple identity...

Lord Thunder was already prepared to fight.

"For now, let's test the situation first," he thought.

The next moment, he raised his hand and swung it down toward the island, and a golden Buddha seal emerged from his palm...





Chapter 877 An Expert's Law of the Counter Wave


When that blazing golden light of Buddha lit up the sky...

Devil Gut Fungus Lord raised his head, already sensing an expert's arrival.

But he wasn't the least bit afraid. He just waved his hand and covered the new yield of bacteria on the ground with a purple and black barrier. This light of Buddha was so intense that it had an ultraviolet sterilizing effect, and he had to protect his newly created subordinates.

"Has an expert come..."

To be honest, not only wasn't Devil Gut Fungus Lord daunted, he was even a little excited.

This was because, apart from evolving, more of his strength was obtained by swallowing it.

Swallowing the Cosmic God Tree's branch alone allowed him to grow a mouth, eyes and limbs, as well as to even obtain spatial abilities.

If he could swallow this expert, his strength would definitely soar again.

But if they fought for real, Devil Gut Fungus Lord felt that this expert who had just landed on the island wouldn't be easy to deal with.

The other party's spell was Devil Gut Fungus Lord's antithesis - it wouldn't be wrong to say they were utterly incompatible. Besides, swallowing the other party would be extremely difficult, like holding a burning hot sweet potato in the mouth; if he was just a little careless, he would be destroyed along with the other party.

While swallowing the other person would be a good thing, what Devil Gut Fungus Lord planned to do now was hold firm.

Gazing at the light of Buddha in the sky, he suddenly flung out one hand to tear open the space above him and use these cracks to block the light.

At the same time, his body started to divide itself.

A fist-sized lump of flesh broke away from his original body, turned into a worm, and burrowed into the earth.

Devil Gut Fungus Lord didn't breathe a sigh of relief until all this was done. Then came the head-to-head fight.

...

Lord Thunder had only used less than twenty percent of his strength to perform the first Wutian Golden Buddha Palm. After all, this was a level seven spell, with enough power to destroy a small city; if he used too much strength, he might swat Chrysanthemum Island into pieces.

Jin Shi and Yin Shi were still on the island. Before he rescued them, he had to save his strength.

The most important thing was that until now, Lord Thunder still didn't know what kind of being had invaded Chrysanthemum Island.

"Look out!"

At that moment, the Brilliant Victory sword under his feet released a blast of sword qi and helped Lord Thunder avoid a pitch-black laser beam.

This was Devil Gut Fungus Lord's ability, Super Bacteria Wave, which had an extremely long range of attack.

"That was close..." Lord Thunder broke into a cold sweat. He had been mindful of the enemy's aura on the island all this time, but he didn't think that the enemy wouldn't have one, and so didn't immediately anticipate the other party's surprise attack.

If Brilliant Victory's sword spirit hadn't protected him, he would have been hit by this dangerous blow!

Brilliant Victory's sword spirit had been awakened after Lord Thunder advanced to True Venerated level. The Brilliant Victory sword had very strong defensive abilities to begin with, and this was a sword spirit who was extremely protective of its master and had a keen awareness of the outside world.

But Lord Thunder had yet to see what Brilliant Victory's sword spirit looked like.

Brilliant Victory's sword spirit was impregnable, had strong defensive abilities, and was a real shut-in...

"What evil spirit are you?" Lord Thunder opened his palm, and the light of Buddha glowed even brighter in his hand.

Devil Gut Fungus Lord was very uncomfortable under the light; the torn-up space which he had used to block it was already no longer effective.

Thus, he extracted newborn bacteria from the bacterial spores on the ground, which were still multiplying, to create a protective barrier in front of him.

The bacteria died as soon as the light of Buddha shone on them, but the bacteria below on the ground continued to multiply at the same time, maintaining a balance.

"Brother To..."

With Devil Gut Fungus Lord's appearance, Lord Thunder now understood what had happened on Chrysanthemum Island.

He didn't know how Immortal Toya had been taken over, but the one thing Lord Thunder was sure of was that this fiend was inside Immortal Toya right now.

"So, a troublesome fellow has come." Devil Gut Fungus Lord dusted himself off. "This body suits me very well. Since your friend and I are in the same body, how about we both take a step back? I promise I won't hurt your friend - as long as I've evolved fully and can form my own body, I'll let your friend go. The three of us can live in harmony and happily enjoy the world together."

"Why should I make a deal with a fiend like you?" Brilliant Victory in hand, Lord Thunder pointed it at Devil Gut Fungus Lord. "Since you chose to hitch a ride in my friend, are you ready to be punished by my venerable self?"

"Your cultivation is indeed higher than mine, but it won't be that easy to punish me."

Devil Gut Fungus Lord sneered and manipulated the continuously-multiplying bacteria into gathering on his back, and actually created eight purple and black arms, all of which were directly made of bacteria.

These eight arms then spread out together. In that moment, Devil Gut Fungus Lord had ten arms in total.

Ten arms, fifty fingers...

The next second, the laser beams of the Super Bacteria Wave was fired at Lord Thunder like a barrage of bullets.

The viscous Super Bacteria Wave was extremely swift and corrosive, and coupled with its extremely wide coverage, even the Brilliant Victory sword found it difficult to defend against such a wide attack range. Furthermore, given the Super Bacteria Wave's unusual traits, it was best not to come into direct contact with it, even with a barrier up, as that would be self-destructive.

That was because the Super Bacteria Wave could spread - if it got through the barrier and over the body, that would be a disaster.

Given the situation, Lord Thunder already had no other choice; the only thing he could think of was to use the Wutian Golden Buddha Palm and destroy the island... Immortal Toya would definitely blame him, but it was still better than letting this dangerous bacteria spread!

"Brilliant Victory! Go and take Jin Shi and Yin Shi away!" Lord Thunder spread his arms wide to block the oncoming attack. Wrapped in the light of Buddha, the Brilliant Victory sword under his feet rushed to Jin Shi and Yin Shi's location, picked them up as if they were beads on a string, then directly carried them off the island.

Meanwhile, Lord Thunder put his hands together...

How powerful was the Wutian Golden Buddha Palm at one hundred percent... In that moment, the countering light of Buddha turned into a brightly colored shock wave which hit the Super Bacteria Wave with a bang.

Devil Gut Fungus Lord's face drained of all color.

Because the moment the palm strike happened, the apparition of a huge golden Buddha actually appeared behind Lord Thunder!

At the palm strike, the Buddha also thrust its palm forward. The Super Bacteria Wave covered a very wide range, but the instant the light of Buddha shone on it, the wave dissipated into nothingness... it was actually completely annihilated, without leaving even a single bacterium behind...

Looking at the effect of this offensive strike, Lord Thunder smiled. "It seems that you don't understand the law of the counter wave in the cultivation world."

"Law of the counter wave?" Devil Gut Fungus Lord was blank.

"The counter wave! The first to release a light wave is naturally the loser!"

"..."





Chapter 878 Frightened Devil Gut Fungus Lord


Devil Gut Fungus Lord retreated.

He felt that the man in front of him was a little tricky.

He didn't know very much about the human world, but Devil Gut Fungus Lord thought that given his strength, he could absolutely rank among the top ten fighters in the world at the moment. However, his Super Bacteria Wave barrage just now had been dispelled so easily by this man with long black hair and in traditional attire in front of him - the other party was clearly no less weaker than him, or maybe even stronger...

Hence, the only thing Devil Gut Fungus Lord could think of right now was to drag out the fight.

His strength depended on the number of bacteria in his body. The more new bacteria were produced, the stronger he would be, and he would continue to grow over time.

But whether his plan to drag out the fight would go so smoothly...

That remained to be seen.

"How about a short ceasefire?" Devil Gut Fungus Lord stared at Lord Thunder.

In midair, Lord Thunder returned Devil Gut Fungus Lord's gaze fearlessly. "You and I both know very well that this fight can be settled in one minute - maybe not even that. How many more times do you think you can withstand my palm attack?"

Devil Gut Fungus Lord grit his teeth. Lord Thunder said the words lightly, but they hit him in a sore spot.

Indeed...

That move, which contained the golden light of Buddha and which could even make manifest a golden Buddha palm technique, didn't agree with him at all! It could even be described as his natural enemy!

The force of that palm strike just now was devastating - billions of his bacteria became cannon fodder and were obliterated in an instant.

If the other party used several palm strikes in succession, he wouldn't be able to hold out for long at all...

...

At this time, Jin Shi and Yin Shi were already staring in awe from a distance as the Brilliant Victory sword protected them.

They never knew Lord Thunder could be so powerful. They had heard previously that Senior Immortal was now a True Venerated expert! Shifu told them that this was a rare realm between True Immortal and Venerated Immortal!

The greatest fortune was required in order to become a True Venerated!

" Shifu is being controlled by that evil spirit. Can Senior Immortal really save him?" Yin Shi was a little worried, not because she didn't believe in Lord Thunder's ability, but because Lord Thunder was so powerful that he might destroy their master's body... After all, there were often some bizarre news reports nowadays on something like someone trying to save a girl who wanted to jump off a building by killing her first before she could do so...

If Lord Thunder couldn't control his strength, he would destroy the evil invader along with their shifu's body...

It was true that this was an evil invader, but the body he had infiltrated was their master's!

While there were now many ways to reconstruct a body, in the end, the original was still better!

"He'll be fine. Your shifu will also be saved." As Lord Thunder's sword spirit, Brilliant Victory had utmost faith in its master.

It had already activated a protective sword shield. Sword qi stretched out from its hilt to form a sword wall like a mountain, firmly protecting Jin Shi and Yin Shi.

Brilliant Victory's defensive abilities were so strong it could even withstand a nuclear explosion...

Considering how powerful the Wutian Golden Buddha Palm was, Brilliant Victory felt it necessary to protect the siblings and ensure they were unharmed.

That was the task Thunder had originally assigned to it.

As for Li Diao and his son who were still on the island...

Brilliant Victory sword had initially planned to rescue them in passing.

But both of them were infected with the bacteria and their bodies stank weirdly all over, which made Brilliant Victory flinch.

So Brilliant Victory could only leave these two to fend for themselves...

...

On the other side, seeing that Jin Shi and Yin Shi were completely protected by Brilliant Victory, Lord Thunder no longer had any concerns.

As for Li Diao and his son on the island...

They had to fend for themselves.

When the battle was over, Lord Thunder would see if they could still be saved...

After all, Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch had blacklisted these two, and they were way down the priority list behind Jin Shi and Yin Shi.

"It's over."

Lord Thunder stared at Devil Gut Fungus Lord.

"You won't kill me!" Devil Gut Fungus Lord laughed wildly. "This is your friend's body. If you attack me, your friend's body will be the first to suffer..."

Devil Gut Fungus Lord didn't know very much of the human world, but he knew that the cost of reconstructing a body was more expensive than a house!

"Is that so?" Lord Thunder smiled gently.

He made a hand seal again, and the blazing light of Buddha rocketed upward, looking for all the world like a miracle splitting earth and heaven apart! The golden beam of light connecting earth and heaven was like the Monkey King's Golden Cudgel, and was very intimidating! But the huge apparition of a golden Buddha appeared behind Lord Thunder again, and it slowly swung its palm, which seemed to contain innumerable truths of Buddha.

The golden Buddha pushed the beam of light forward with its palm, aiming it so that it fell directly toward Devil Gut Fungus Lord.

"Buddha Light Body Freeze..."

Under this tremendous pressure, Devil Gut Fungus Lord was stunned to find that he actually couldn't move.

This man...

Was too vicious!

He didn't even care about his fellow brother's body?

Devil Gut Fungus Lord never thought Lord Thunder would attack him so resolutely.

He was utterly shaken, and at the same time sensed the threat of death approaching.

This Wutian Golden Buddha Palm had the Buddha Light Body Freeze effect. When the beam fell on him, his soul and body, as well as the soul of the body's owner, would instantly be annihilated.

If he didn't leave now, it would be too late!

Devil Gut Fungus Lord gnashed his teeth. "You're really something!"

The next moment, countless purple and black worms poured out from every pore of Immortal Toya's body. These worms were from Devil Gut Fungus Lord's original body, and were bacteria from the parent body that Devil Gut Fungus Lord had enchanted. He was forced by Lord Thunder to leave this highly compatible body.

The instant he left the body, Devil Gut Fungus Lord suffered the torture of being exposed to the light of Buddha.

Goddammit...

It hurt!

He felt himself burning up!

The light of Buddha was so powerful that every inch of his body felt like it was being gnawed on by a powerful, purifying force!

The next second, Devil Gut Fungus Lord's original body, which had broken away, directly chewed a hole into space, and he manipulated all the worms so that they scuttled into the space together.

He was worried that if he hung around too long, even the parent body would be immobilized by the light of Buddha, so he had to retreat as soon as possible.

Seeing that he had succeeded in forcing Devil Gut Fungus Lord out of the body, Lord Thunder hurriedly looked to the sky and yelled, "Brother Ling! I know you're watching! Hurry up and cut off my ultimate move! Don't just watch! If my palm strike falls, Brother To and his island will disappear!"

As soon as he said that...

A space fissure suddenly appeared next to Lord Thunder's cheeks.

A pair of familiar hands came into view.

Pa!

Lord Thunder then felt a ringing pain in his head.

In the wake of Wang Ling's Great Skull-Flicking Spell, Lord Thunder's ultimate move was successfully interrupted...

The golden light of Buddha which filled the whole sky was instantly dispelled.





Chapter 879 Immortal Toya's Exquisite Pagoda


The Great Skull-Flicking Spell was one of the Three Thousand Great Dao, which could forcibly put a stop to all skills - even a Heavenly Dao spell could be interrupted by this move. If a spell couldn't be stopped, that meant that the other party's strength far surpassed yours, or that you weren't proficient enough at the Great Skull-Flicking Spell.

But neither of these two situations applied to Wang Ling.

It was just that he didn't pay attention to how much strength he was using, and it seemed that he flicked Lord Thunder's skull a little too hard...

Em...

It was true that it put a stop to Lord Thunder's ultimate move, but Wang Ling completely blew off his head...

It was only when his body was reconstructed by the power of the Soul Suppression Ring that Lord Thunder realized that he had actually died... Thankfully, the power of the Soul Suppression Ring brought him back to life.

Sure enough, Brother Ling was powerful...

Lord Thunder was secretly terrified.

He hadn't felt anything at all the instant he died; not the slightest bit of pain...

This was something a person could do once their strength reached a particular level.

Lord Thunder's body was swiftly reconstructed after a few seconds.

His body was restored. Jin Shi and Yin Shi had watched as Lord Thunder's head was blown up into fine dust, which returned to his body.

The siblings didn't know what words to use to express what they were feeling at that moment, and could only gape.

"Look, didn't I say that my master will save your shifu ?" Brilliant Victory was completely unaware of Jin Shi and Yin Shi's shock, and instead thought that they were momentarily stunned with joy at their shifu being rescued.

Brilliant Victory sighed inwardly.

In the end, these were juniors, who were unable to bear the mental strain.

After he was resurrected, the first thing Lord Thunder did was to check Immortal Toya's injuries.

He carried a panacea on him that could heal wounds quickly — the shen tui deng yan pill 1 !

1(The "stretch legs and widen eyes" pill.) The pill's main ingredient was an extract of Heavenly Dao broccoli. Lord Thunder had eaten it himself before, and it had a formidable and miraculous healing effect on injuries, especially internal ones.

But Immortal Toya was unconscious and couldn't swallow it at all. If Lord Thunder had to force it in via CPR... that seemed a little gay...

Besides, Jin Shi and Yin Shi were here — it wouldn't be good to do that in front of the kids!

Lord Thunder racked his brains for a bit.

There was no other option...

He ripped open Immortal Toya's clothes, directly placed the pill in the latter's belly button, and pushed it in.

After a few seconds, Immortal Toya woke up.

When the evil spirit entered his body, it had originally caused his soul great damage, but the shen tui deng yan pill just now had a miraculous effect and healed the damage to his soul.

"Brother To? Are you okay?" Lord Thunder helped Immortal Toya sit up.

"Yes..."

Immortal Toya shook his head.

His last memory was of the huge golden Buddha palm pushing the beam of light forward as it was about to fall on him.

In that instant, he felt the terror of the evil spirit inside his body before it slipped away in a frenzy. When his soul returned to its rightful place as master of his body... he didn't know what happened after that.

The moment his soul returned to his body was when he lost consciousness.

But thankfully, after Immortal Toya woke up, he didn't feel out of sorts... except that his clothes had been torn to shreds...

"It's all ruined..."

Sitting on the ground, Immortal Toya sighed.

Whether it was the heavenly silkworm precious clothes he was wearing or Chrysanthemum Island, they were both destroyed...

His Chrysanthemum Island...

Such a large island...

With so many chrysanthemums...

In an instant, they were all gone...

"It will take a long time to rebuild everything!" Immortal Toya sighed.

The chrysanthemum array on this island was something his ancestors had left behind, so he had to restore it.

He didn't want to be nailed to the post of shame by later generations and cursed for being a wastrel.

"Don't worry, Brother To, I'll send some people to help you rebuild later. With Dharmaraja and Brother Luo around, Brother Dharmaraja's logistics team is always on hand," Lord Thunder said.

Lord Thunder never expected Chrysanthemum Island to be wrecked to this extent. It wouldn't be too much to say that the island had been utterly devastated, as if Pain 2 had invaded. The smell of smoke and chaos was everywhere. All this was because of that Devil Gut Fungus Lord and how strong the power of his infection was.

2(A strong antagonist in "Naruto.") But both Immortal Toya and Lord Thunder were well aware —

This wasn't the end of the matter.

Because Devil Gut Fungus Lord wasn't dead yet and was still at large.

Immortal Toya stood up. Looking at the mess that Chrysanthemum Island was in, he trembled slightly, not because his Daoist robe was torn and he was cold, but because he was furious.

"Senior Immortal... if it's possible..."

"Brother To, even though I rescued you, it was actually Brother Ling. You don't have to give your heart to me..."

"Senior Immortal, I'm being serious!"

"Fine, go ahead..."

"I want revenge. Can you leave that Devil Gut Fungus Lord to me?"

"This Devil Gut Fungus Lord is very strong and cunning. At Brother To's current fighting strength, I'm afraid he won't be easy to handle," Lord Thunder sighed and said.

"I understand." Immortal Toya nodded very seriously. "But, I still want to do it."

As he spoke, Immortal Toya spread his palm and spirit light blossomed in his hand.

Unexpectedly, a beautiful Chinese redbud appeared in his palm. It then blossomed to reveal an exquisite pagoda. However, this pagoda was damaged. Lord Thunder knew that this was Immortal Toya's clan heirloom — the Nine Cycles Exquisite Pagoda.

"Does Brother To want to repair the Exquisite Pagoda?"

"That's right — I believe it's time," Immortal Toya said. "The pagoda contains the secrets of our Toya clan, and these secrets will be a key factor in helping me advance in my arts later. It's a pity that the pagoda was damaged early on. I've been looking for the materials to repair the pagoda all this time, and I finally gathered all of them not long ago."

Lord Thunder sweated. "So, Brother To has been gathering the materials all this time?"

He had heard before of the Exquisite Pagoda being damaged, but had never heard Immortal Toya mention it, so he had thought it was broken beyond repair.

Immortal Toya nodded. "Yes! I've been looking for the materials! All these years, I've been doing all I can to work and participate in operations in order to save money and buy all the materials I need to repair the pagoda."

"Wait, Brother To..."

Lord Thunder interrupted Immortal Toya. "Have... you ever asked Brother Ling?"

"I was just about to. I heard that Ling Zhenren is brilliant at refining artifacts. I'm prepared to get down on my knees to beg him to help me repair the pagoda. After all, I only have one set of the materials."

Lord Thunder: "... Why don't you ask him now?"

Immortal Toya: "Now?"

Lord Thunder shouted at the sky, "Brother Ling! I know you're watching!"

No sooner had he said the words when a space fissure opened, and Wang Ling stretched out his hand once again...

He simply stroked the top of Immortal Toya's Exquisite Pagoda...

All the cracks in the Exquisite Pagoda disappeared.

Immortal Toya: "..."

Lord Thunder: "Look, Brother To... you didn't need the materials at all..."

Immortal Toya was stupefied. "This..."

Lord Thunder: "So, Brother To, next time you have a problem, tell us first. If you don't say anything, how will you become a koi fish3 ?"

3(I.e. Anyone can become a koi fish, or have good luck, with Wang Ling's help ..) Immortal Toya: "..."





Chapter 880 Wang Ling's Birthday (Side Story)


Everyone had their own little secrets, including Wang Ling, who had a habit of writing his down in his diary — this was a major trait of the Wang family. The old man, Father Wang, Mother Wang, and even Er Ha who had joined them not long ago had the habit of writing things down. While Er Ha had indeed started keeping a diary to practice its writing, it ultimately became a habit as time went by.

The things the Wang family wrote were the stuff of legends - these weren't empty words, but were verified by past experiences.

As Wang Ling was writing in his diary today, he accidentally flipped back to his entry on his birthday last year.

His experience that day had been quite mystical.

December 26th, 4395.

At that time, Wang Ling wasn't as close yet to Lord Thunder and the others, Sixology hadn't been created, Sevenology controlled everything under heaven, the koi fish phenomenon had yet to happen, theImmortal King hadn't been adapted into a cartoon, the group Calorie wasn't popular yet, Liu Qiangdong hadn't been arrested, the most beautiful Yu Quan duo hadn't gotten their wings clipped, nor had the "the breeze of reform has brought great changes" guichu video lyric gone viral 1 .

1(These are basically all references to news and memes that have trended in Chinese society ..) When Wang Ling woke up that day, he looked at the Heavenly Dao calendar, which was the cause of everything that happened that day.

Cultivation Calendar: December 26th, 4395.

Do: Have weddings and funerals, travel, make friends, study, work

Don't: Eat snacks

"..."

Wang Ling looked down at the crispy noodle snack in his hand.

Although he hadn't opened the packet, his hand had already begun to tremble slightly.

This Heavenly Dao calendar... would have been created by Heavenly Dao, right?

No way!

He had to change it!

Not allowed to eat snacks on his birthday - how was he going to get through the day?!

But at that time, Wang Ling and the six Heavenly Dao didn't have such a close relationship yet.

He drew an equivalent exchange array with the hand that was holding the crispy noodle snack packet and summoned the Heavenly Dao little golden man.

The little golden man's hands were also shaking. "You... now what do you want?"

Wang Ling's gaze turned to the calendar, and his intent was very clear.

"The Heavenly Dao calendar was approved by the Heavenly Dao Calendar Governing General Assembly yesterday; the actual decision wasn't made by the six Great Heavenly Dao, but by the Three Thousand Heavenly Dao which they represent, and everyone had to cast a vote. Don't blame me, I didn't tick 'eating snacks.'" The little golden man wiped at his cold sweat.

He knew too well what this little master in front of him looked like when he was furious, and didn't dare provoke him at all.

"Take me back to yesterday." Wang Ling fixed his eyes on the little golden man as he spoke telepathically.

The little golden man's mouth dropped open. He didn't have the right to refuse the transaction, and was about to ask what Wang Ling had prepared for the exchange. In the end, when he noticed the crispy noodle snack packet in Wang Ling's hand, his heart instantly turned cold - as expected, it was expired...

Giving a long sigh, the Heavenly Dao little golden man activated the time corridor to yesterday.

Wang Ling strode in without hesitation.

Unlike when the Heavenly Dao Governing Committee met, this Heavenly Dao Calendar Governing General Assembly was held in a large venue similar to a gym. When Wang Ling reached the entrance, he saw many little golden men picking up the voting devices. When the general assembly officially started, this voting device would be the important factor in determining the do's and don'ts in the calendar.

"This is the voting device, please take it." The little golden man working at the venue gave every little golden man who entered a device.

It was Wang Ling's turn.

"This is the voting device, please..." Looking up, the little golden man was just about to hand over the voting device when he realized that this was actually a human...

Wrong!

How could a human show up here?!

On the side, the little golden man who had led the way for Wang Ling hurriedly shot the other party a warning glance and whispered, "If you don't want to die, hurry up and give him a voting device."

Unfortunately, the little golden man giving out the devices was incredibly stiff-necked. "No way! Only our Heavenly Dao little golden men can use this device! I definitely can't give one to this human! He can't even enter the venue!"

Right after that, Wang Ling directly stretched out one hand and lightly flicked this little golden man in the forehead.

Bam!

There was an explosion, resulting in a small mushroom cloud.

The little golden man giving out the voting devices was reduced to flying dust.

The golden man acting as a guide sighed. " Ai ..."

These brothers, was there any need...

Heavenly Dao couldn't die, but it would probably take a very long time for this little golden man, who had exploded into a small mushroom cloud and turned into dust, to be restored.

After that, Wang Ling took the rest of the voting devices.

The little golden men who were still in line stared blankly; although angry, they didn't dare protest.

And so, after ten minutes or so.

A mystical scene took place at the venue for the Heavenly Dao Calendar Governing General Assembly.

A human youngster created hundreds of clones, each of whom held a voting device as they waited to vote.

Meanwhile, on the other side, the golden men whose voting devices had been snatched from them trembled as they huddled together.

After the venue quieted down, a platform in the center slowly rose as the six Great Heavenly Dao presiding over the meeting showed up.

When they saw a human actually sitting inside the venue after grabbing a voting device, they were already prepared to suppress him - in the end, after clearly making out his face, they restlessly withdrew their hands...

Similarly...

They were angry, but didn't dare protest.

Strength Heavenly Dao cleared his throat. "Colleagues, as usual, we are having the Heavenly Dao Calendar Governing General Assembly today to vote on the do's and don'ts items for tomorrow, December 26th, based on our meeting discussion."

After saying this, Strength Heavenly Dao glanced at Wang Ling and said haltingly, "Next, I'll first discuss the 'don't' items for tomorrow.

"I observed the stars last night and noticed that the Emperor Star is at its apex, which is a sign of a great person's radiant soul. Thus, I specially propose a ban on recreational activities tomorrow... Among playing games, reading comics, binge-watching dramas, reading novels and eating snacks, which one should we ban? Please think it over carefully, then vote."

Strength Heavenly Dao thought that his hint was quite clear.

But he felt that the voting this time wouldn't go very smoothly.

Because the Heavenly Dao little golden men didn't feel the urge to eat to begin with...

So, during the voting, Strength Heavenly Dao already had a bad feeling.

Strength Heavenly Dao: "Brother Time... can you turn time back... I'll remove the 'eating snacks' item..."

Time Heavenly Dao: "Too late! Brother Strength! You're too late!"

Strength Heavenly Dao: "..."

As soon as Time Heavenly Dao said the words, a series of explosions started to ring out in the whole venue.

For a moment, countless mushroom clouds rose around them.

A few seconds later, the only one left in the massive venue was Wang Ling.

And his clones...

The six Great Heavenly Dao watched the mushroom clouds fill the venue.

They were angry, but didn't dare protest.





Chapter 881 Cheeky Little Wang Ling!


Immortal Toya sniffled a little despairingly (╥_╥).

He had worked hard for so many years, going to so much trouble for something that in the end could be solved with a few crispy noodle snack packets. Not only had the work taxed his body, it had slowed down his cultivation greatly.

Gazing at this restored and flawless Nine Cycles Exquisite Pagoda, Immortal Toya was overwhelmed by a mix of emotions in that moment.

It could only be said that Ling Zhenren was Ling Zhenren.

He could even perfectly fix a magic weapon like this in an instant. This absolutely wasn't something an ordinary man could do! Even General Yi and the others Ten Generals wouldn't have been able to do it.

The Nine Cycles Exquisite Pagoda was a world-defying magic artifact.

To be able to instantly fix a world-defying magic artifact was too terrifying!

Elsewhere, in his bathroom, Wang Ling withdrew his hand.

Of course, it wasn't that he was able to repair magic artifacts, but that he had used a time reversal spell to return the Nine Cycles Exquisite Pagoda to its former state, which couldn't be considered completely repairing it.

But there was a limit on this time reversal spell, as the cooldown period between use was very long.

Wang Ling had once tried to restore his crispy noodle snacks with this spell.

For example, if he left some crispy noodle snack crumbs behind, he could use this technique to turn a crispy noodle snack he had already eaten back to its original state.

But it had taken so long that he could only give up.

Of course, Wang Ling had been more mischievous as a kid, and had once used this technique to play a prank.

Back when Father Wang had docked his allowance for breaking a pair of chopsticks, Wang Ling used the time reversal spell to delete Father Wang's drafts in his manuscript folder.

Subsequently, Father Wang had earned very little that month since he didn't have drafts to submit.

And Wang Ling's allowance had shrunk drastically...

Although Wang Ling had the capability, the Wang household earned money through honest means, and most of their expenses were covered by Father Wang's profits as a writer.

Little Wang Ling didn't know if Father Wang realized he was the one who had done it.

Thinking carefully now, Wang Ling guessed Father Wang probably knew back then.

But after that one time, little Wang Ling understood that it wasn't easy for his father.

From then on, he never did anything as cheeky anymore.

Life in the Wang household was very slow-paced; even Father and Mother Wang's approach to educating children was slow and steady.

When it came to educating children, they never advocated for violence as a way to solve problems.

Domestic violence was useless.

Mm...

The main reason being that they weren't Wang Ling's match...

Even if they joined hands, Wang Ling's physique was too powerful, and the backlash generated was so strong they would only hurt themselves.

So whenever Wang Ling did something wrong as a child, what Father and Mother Wang often did was have him stand against the wall as punishment, dock his allowance, forbid him to eat crispy noodle snacks and so on. Standing against the wall had been good for developing Wang Ling's lumbar vertebra and leg muscles - in fact, his Sage Body had been the result of being punished to stand against the wall...

In front of his table, Wang Ling's mind suddenly drifted back to his past when he was little.

To be honest, if it hadn't been for Father Wang and Mother Wang's proper guidance, even Wang Ling himself didn't know what kind of person he would have turned into.

Excessive power usually went to a person's head, and the smallest misdeed could cause a person to fall into an abyss.

Wang Ling thought he was lucky to have grown up in such a blessed way despite the occasional distress.

To help Immortal Toya fix the Nine Cycle Exquisite Pagoda, Wang Ling used the time reversal spell this time.

But actually, this was compensation from Wang Ling.

Because he had secretly watched the battle just now between Devil Gut Fungus Lord and Lord Thunder.

He never expected the bacterium he enchanted to come out and be so tyrannical.

This was his blunder.

Thus, after fixing the Nine Cycles Exquisite Pagoda, Wang Ling was pondering how to kill the bacterium.

This was an enchanted bacterium, which was a little troublesome.

The gremlins he had enlightened in the past didn't have the ability to mature.

But not only could this Devil Gut Fungus Lord mature, it could also devour other people's abilities for its own use.

When it came to a gremlin that was capable of growing, there was no way to undo the enchantment on it any longer.

What Wang Ling had to do was completely destroy Devil Gut Fungus Lord.

"Track it down for me."

Wang Ling spoke telepathically to Book of Sage Immortal on the table.

"Yes, my lord."

Book of Sage Immortal's screen showed a radar scan as it searched for Devil Gut Fungus Lord's location. Although the latter had learned to travel through space after devouring the Cosmic God Tree's spatial abilities, it didn't have the ability to leap beyond the universe.

As long as it was still inside the seventh universe, Book of Sage Immortal would be able to quickly fix onto Devil Gut Fungus Lord's specific location with its radar search function.

"I've found it, my lord." After several dozen seconds, Book of Sage Immortal conveyed the news. "According to the GPS, Devil Gut Fungus Lord has escaped abroad and is active on the border of Mixiu nation."

"Escaped abroad?" Wang Ling was startled.

"It seems that my wise lord is pondering how to eliminate Devil Gut Fungus Lord? I've come up with a thousand ways, and have analyzed three that I believe my lord is definitely considering."

Book of Sage Immortal said, "Devil Gut Fungus Lord is active on the border of Mixiu nation. I've analyzed that there's a 78% chance that it will run into President Bai of Night Chief. If the two of them meet, Devil Gut Fungus Lord has a 97% chance of winning that fight. Although its strength will be greatly enhanced after devouring President Bai's abilities, it won't be a threat to my lord at all. Instead, it'll help my lord to get rid of the hidden danger that is President Bai. When the time comes, my lord can then send a clone to finish Devil Gut Fungus Lord off, which will be killing two birds with one stone."

Wang Ling: "..."

"The second method is simple and blunt. My lord can directly open a space to go and put down Devil Gut Fungus Lord. The hidden danger with this method, however, is that my lord will very likely be detected by Mixiu nation's secret agents. Mixiu is already keeping a very close watch on Night Chief and the FCI is currently carrying out an investigation. If we leave Night Chief be, the probability that FCI will get rid of them in the future is 67%, while there is a 34% chance that President Bai is killed. If my lord directly takes action, the probability of Night Chief being eliminated is 1000%, and there's a 2000% chance that President Bai will die. The probability of Devil Gut Fungus Lord dying is 3000%, but the risk of being detected by the FCI is 47%."

Wang Ling: "..."

"The third method is to get someone else to do the dirty work. My lord can entrust your friend Immortal Toya to go abroad and put down Devil Gut Fungus Lord. With the Nine Cycle Exquisite Pagoda, the probability of Immortal Toya eliminating Night Chief is 72%, and the probability of President Bai and Devil Gut Fungus Lord being killed is 68% and 54% respectively. If my lord lends a hand, the probability in each case can increase to 100% or even higher."

Book of Sage Immortal: "Looking at my lord's composed expression, I believe my lord has made your decision? I'm guessing that my lord is definitely considering the third method, is that right?"

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 882 A Way to Purify the Mind


This was the first time a gremlin Wang Ling had enchanted was so dangerous.

Currently, as the only gremlin to have been enlightened with a second generation enchantment spell in the Wang family's small villa, Book of Sage Immortal's might was indisputable. Although Lord Ma was still the most powerful gremlin when it came to combat capability, Book of Sage Immortal's strength in other aspects was really astonishing.

If it was enlightened a second time like Lord Ma, it might become a cosmic-level divine artifact.

Head lowered in thought, Wang Ling felt that Book of Sage Immortal's abilities could benefit the universe - calculating the possibilities, it could overturn the heavens!

"My lord?"

Wang Ling: "?"

Wang Ling had an outrageous thought - he felt a little like sending Book of Sage Immortal to another universe.

This guy was too smart; keeping it with him might be a real headache.

Seeing that Wang Ling hadn't responded in a while, Book of Sage Immortal asked again, "What is my lord thinking of?"

Before Wang Ling could speak, Book of Sage Immortal continued, "I know that my lord is still thinking about the matter with Devil Gut Fungus Lord. I estimated earlier that there's a 87% chance that my lord will choose the third option. Therefore, I've already contacted Immortal Toya beforehand and texted him in my lord's style to have him go and deal with Devil Gut Fungus Lord."

Wang Ling: "..."

Book of Sage Immortal: "I've calculated that there's a 92% chance of a massive tornado developing on the sea tomorrow, which will affect flights. Thus, I've already helped Immortal Toya buy a ticket for the underwater channel. He'll leave this evening, and will arrive at his destination in two hours."

"..."

"Because of the space control along Mixiu nation's border, if my lord casually opens up a space tunnel to send Immortal Toya through, this might impact the relationship between nations."

"..."

"Also, the ticket for the underwater channel was purchased with money from pawning some of my lord's crispy noodle snacks."

"???"

"At the moment, I've estimated that there is a 99% chance that my lord will smash me to bits. Of course, there is a 1% chance that I may be sent to another universe to benefit the people there. But my lord, please calm down; I can already sense your rage breaking through the dimension wall and affecting the global environment."

Wang Ling's heart: (•́へ•́╬)

After a few seconds...

"My lord, calm down! I can already sense your anger surging... It seems to have spilled over the dimension wall into the other universes."

After several more seconds.

Wang Ling's heart: (╯‵□′)╯(┻━┻

"My lord... truly, don't be impulsive. I know that there's a 99.99% probability of you beating me to death now, but if you continue to be angry, the crack in the dimension wall of the tenth universe is going to get bigger and bigger. The tenth universe is already suffering the impact of my lord's rage, and its four poles are starting to melt... the cultivators of the world in the tenth universe will just barely be able to hold on for another thirty years if they use Whisper pads for the leak, but they'll completely die out after that."

At that moment, Wang Ling took a deep breath.

He had made up his mind.

He would send this guy to the tenth universe.

...

On the other side on Chrysanthemum Island, Immortal Toya had already received the text which Book of Sage Immortal had sent in Wang Ling's style. Since its original form was an iPad, Book of Sage Immortal could connect to any electronic device in the world and send messages.

Immortal Toya was very excited, because this would be his first time going on a mission overseas. What was more, he was well aware that this was an opportunity which Crispy Noodle Dao Monarch was giving to him.

"Congrats, Immortal Toya, you've been appointed!" Lord Thunder congratulated him on the side. "The reason why your realm hasn't advanced in so long is mainly because you've always been in a restless mood."

"What do you mean?" An alchemist had to have a more steady temperament than regular cultivators. This was because one had to have a tranquil state of mind when refining pills; excessive fluctuations in mood would lead to a dramatic decrease in the success rate of refining pills.

Thus, in this business, a lot of alchemists were very Buddha-like.

"Brother To, don't misunderstand. You're so open-minded that ordinary cultivators naturally aren't your match. But the more open-minded a person is, the more vulnerable he might be. With the invasion of Chrysanthemum Island and given its war-torn state now, even if you don't show it, you certainly must feel some resentment."

After saying this, Lord Thunder sighed. "That's why it's important to have a girlfriend in a situation like this."

Immortal Toya: "..."

"If Brother To had a girlfriend, you could give vent to your anger through dual cultivation. But since you don't have one, you can only solve it yourself by purifying your mind," said Lord Thunder. "Purifying your mind is a problem which every cultivator who has reached a bottleneck will face. After all, Brother To isn't Old Demon Wang... this is Brother Wang giving you some guidance!"

"What does this have to do with Old Demon Wang..."

"Brother To, have you forgotten? Back then, to purify his mind, Old Demon Wang specially opened a woodcarving shop and made wooden airplane cups 1- no ordinary cultivator could reach that level of perseverance and craftsmanship."

1(Slang for male sex toys..) "..."

Immortal Toya remained silent for a long time. A moment later, he suddenly turned his gaze to Lord Thunder's phone, and took a deep breath. "Senior Immortal, this is..."

"As Brother To can see, this is an app for making friends. Just tap 'scan,' and the app will automatically scan up to five hundred li around you for female cultivators whose interests and hobbies best match yours."

"But..."

"Brother To, we're not young anymore, we need to think about our futures. Settling down with a partner can only be a good thing. With a partner, your success rate in refining pills will be much higher."

"But..."

"Of course, it's too late this time, but you have to plan ahead, right? I've only just started using this app myself. I should be more or less familiar with it once Brother To returns, and I can teach you how to use it then, to find Jinshi and Yinshi a mother."

"But..."

"Immortal To, no buts! This is a mission! It's also your first assignment since the founding of the Office of Strategic Deception. The organization still cares about the important things in your life! If Brother Ling hadn't helped out with Chrysanthemum Island, Brother To's state of mind might have already crumbled... So, Brother To, shouldn't you find a wife who can fry crispy noodles, to repay Brother Ling?"

"But..."

"But again? Why do I feel that Brother To seems so nervous? I'm just trying out the app myself now, it'll take me a while to understand how it works."

"I understand, Senor Immortal, but..." Immortal Toya took a deep breath. He had already been holding himself back for a long time; if he was interrupted again, he felt like he might die.

The next moment, he covered Lord Thunder's mouth before the latter could speak. "However, Senior Immortal, when you're making friends, please don't use my profile pic..."





Chapter 883 Night Chief's New Plan


The Toya clan's Nine Cycles Exquisite Pagoda housed the clan's secrets, and contained the Toya clan's supreme and exclusive pill recipes. Furthermore, it was only in the hands of the Toya clan that the value of this magic artifact would be brought out prominently.

Holding the pagoda, Immortal Toya dropped a bit of his blood on the top, and a golden light burst out suddenly.

"What a powerful fluctuation..." Lord Thunder was secretly shocked.

"I've roused the pagoda spirit, and it's waking up. The pagoda spirit can directly combine with me in battle and improve my combat strength," Immortal Toya said. "But only my Toya clan's bloodline can rouse it, and it's a slightly troublesome process. We have to hit the eye of the pagoda with blood. It took me quite a while to aim that drop of blood just now before I let it go."

Lord Thunder: "..."

Several dozen seconds later, the fluctuations from the Exquisite Pagoda stopped...

Immortal Toya and Lord Thunder waited for a while, but unexpectedly, there wasn't any response from the Exquisite Pagoda at all.

Lord Thunder: "What... What's the meaning of this? Why isn't there any movement? Was Brother To's positioning wrong?"

"Impossible! I've been practicing this 'blood in the eye' move for a long time! I've got very good aim, there's no way I could have made a mistake!" Immortal Toya wouldn't believe it. He started looking through the Toya clan's ancient records for information on the pagoda spirit.

In the end, he confirmed that it wasn't his fault.

"Mm... The problem probably isn't with me..."

"What do you mean?"

"According to my ancestors, this pagoda spirit has a personality flaw, which is that it's rather cheeky. Furthermore, it has a reverse personality," Immortal Toya said telepathically.

"Reverse personality?"

"It means that if we expect it to come out now, it won't come out... The best thing to do is ignore it."

With that, Immortal Toya and Lord Thunder turned around and pretended to be indifferent.

Sure enough, the Exquisite Pagoda started to give off fluctuations again...

Lord Thunder sweated. "This pagoda spirit is kind of interesting, Brother To... But speaking of which, how are you going to manipulate it into melding with you?"

Immortal Toya sighed.

At that moment, he trembled all over.

His heart resisted, but right now, he had no other way to improve his fighting strength.

Immortal Toya turned his head, ripped apart his own clothes, adopted the expression of a young girl being cruelly treated by some burly guys, and said in a thready voice, "Ah! Yamete! Yamete! Don't! Don't take me!"

As soon as he said that, the Nine Cycles Exquisite Pagoda vibrated slightly, then a faint figure started to appear out of thin air over the top of the pagoda.

By the time Immortal Toya regained his composure, the figure had already fully manifested itself. It was a girl dressed in blue. She was tall, slender and graceful, with a small face, red lips, big breasts and wide hips.

The moment she manifested, she promptly turned into a light which merged with Immortal Toya's body.

Immortal Toya felt a miraculous change in his body.

Mm...

Indeed, he felt a lot stronger than before!

Lord Thunder: "..."

...

Elsewhere, on the border of Mixiu nation, Night Chief was still active. Night Chief's reputation in the Dark Network had taken a heavy blow after the failure of their operation against the Office of Strategic Deception, and President Bai felt how difficult it was to be a boss for the first time.

It took more than strength to prop up Night Chief. But President Bai was in no hurry; he was preparing a new plan, the "Night Chief National Fitness Program,""National Fitness Program" for short!

With this program, President Bai planned to target the middle-aged and elderly members of the world to help Night Chief raise a huge amount of funds for its next big operation.

Thus, after the Office of Strategic Deception's opening ceremony, a chain of clinics called Night National Fitness Fire Therapy Spa popped up like mushrooms after the rain. This fire therapy spa didn't require a lot of capital, and was started up by the members of Night Chief. It didn't take a lot of resources to set up: a 10 square-meter house, two fire therapy beds, and one emphatically not professional massage therapist...

At that moment, Long Ming was reporting on the set up of the fire therapy spa. "Lord President, the foundation has already been laid for Night National Fitness Fire Therapy Spa. So far, 121 branches are currently doing well, and have collected a lot of money. Furthermore, our sales reps have sold tens of thousands of fire therapy beds, raising almost hundreds of millions in capital. At this rate, it won't be long before we have several billion in savings! Half a month at the soonest!"

"Very good!" President Bai nodded. "I've seen the tweets on the official account, they're written very good! However, I feel that we can embellish the healing effects a little more."

Long Ming sweated. "Then... there's a chance that we'll draw the attention of Mixiu's Consumer Association..."

"When did my Night Chief start to become afraid of swindling people? Anyway, this is a short-term fundraiser; once we're rolling in cash, we'll run." President Bai smiled. "Just do as I say!"

Long Ming sweated and didn't dare refuse.

Thus, Long Ming put considerable effort that night into hiring a water army of hundreds to promote the magical effects of the fire therapy bed alongside the new tweets on the official account.

User 1 (number of likes 18k): The cultivator on the floor below me is at the Golden Core stage! When he was about to advance to the Nascent Soul stage, his nascent soul escaped his dantian. The doctor said that this was a conception outside the dantian, and if it was allowed to continue to grow and wasn't treated in time, my friend would probably lose all his cultivation. My friend didn't buy it, and pig-headedly didn't believe the doctor. In the end, because his nascent soul was exposed to too much smog outside his dantian, it directly contracted pneumonia and died! Just like a stillbirth! When my friend went to look for the doctor again, the doctor said that his nascent soul couldn't be saved, and advised for my friend to have it removed, otherwise even his own life would be in danger. In the end, it was by happy coincidence that my friend encountered Night National Fitness Fire Therapy Spa... After two days of fire therapy, his dead nascent soul was actually revived, and even returned to the dantian itself, live and kicking!

User 2 (number of likes 16k)

Please support National Fitness Fire Therapy Spa. Old Li, who lives below us, was born with a disability, with no feeling in both his legs. After being insulted for it when he was young, he was so pissed off that he cut off his legs. But in the end? After using fire therapy, not only did he grow a new pair of legs, he even had feeling in them. Even the one in the middle turned thick and solid!

User 3 (number of likes 12k)

As the spring breeze of reform blows, National Fitness Fire Therapy Spa is also lively... Small fire therapy beds are good for the kidneys, can extend your life, and give you vigorous health! Guess what happened after my friend's spirit beast, Salted Fish King, used a fire therapy bed? It directly underwent a Mega Evolution! And became a Golden Gyara Rayquaza 1 ! That was such a huge gain! ́_>` I'll stop here! I'm going to buy a bed!

1(Rayquaza is a legendary Pokemon..)





Chapter 884 Devour


The National Fitness Fire Treatment Program was a new scheme helmed entirely by Long Ming. It was wholly aimed at raising enough money for Night Chief in the short term to launch their next operation.

Doing anything these days wasn't easy, and the costs of international crime were too high. President Bai had to switch identities each time he went to Huaxiu. The cost of buying an identity from Dark Network alone was sky-high. However, he was now an international SSSSR-Class wanted criminal. If customs discovered his true identity when he entered the country, he could be directly executed on the spot.

There was a precedent for this type of wanted criminal: a Net criminal from the Dark Network named Rain Sunset Beast.

This famous female fugitive controlled various major online forums and released all kinds of rumors, creating waves time and time again. She charged a fee to secretly delete or rig posts, as well as plant viruses that could paralyze the online network on a large scale. After Huaxiu Alliance approved the decision, an execution order went out on this Rain Sunset Beast.

It was said that this Miss Rain Sunset Beast died like a dog, and became the first well-known keyboard warrior to be shot dead in Huaxiu's history.

The Internet wasn't a place where you could get away with anything; she didn't know how much trouble her behavior caused for innocent people, and she never thought the consequences of her actions through.

She had been discovered at the customs checkpoint on her way to Sun Island. When she was shot, a bullet the size of a durian passed right through her chest. Her eyes were wide open, and her face, which had been injected with hyaluronic acid, was splattered with blood. When she fell, her sharp awl-like chin, pierced the ground deeply...

It was a traumatic scene for President Bai.

The "instant execution bullet" used by customs was specially made and also known as Death Bullet. Each Death Bullet was extremely expensive, and ensured that criminals died on the spot.

So President Bai had no choice but to buy new identities; this was an expense that he couldn't do without. Unless he had to smash an already cracked pot, there was no way he would create more trouble for himself.

Death Bullets could cause extremely severe damage, and were simply his antithesis.

President Bai shook his head and stopped thinking about it. "Our next operation will target Number 60 High - I'm going to wipe them out."

"Since we have enough funds, it won't take much to blow up a mere Foundation Establishment school." Long Ming was also very confident.

However, the two men still felt uneasy.

And their uneasiness was because of Wang Ling.

This youngster...

No...

They refused to admit that this was a sixteen-year-old youngster!

It was obvious that this was a bigwig...

But they had never been able to figure out why such a bigwig was studying at Number 60 High.

Previously, President Bai had been stubborn about wanting to get revenge on Wang Ling.

But now he understood very well -

That getting revenge on Wang Ling was basically impossible...

So, after overall consideration, President Bai changed his plan and decided to blow up the school instead.

While he was thinking, the siren inside Night Chief suddenly blared at that moment, the shrill alarm ringing throughout the entire Night Chief base.

"What is it? Hurry up and check!" Bai Zhe frowned slightly. After moving several times, their base had settled underground, and was very difficult to detect.

Knowing that Mixiu's FCI was searching for traces of Night Chief, Night Chief had been on high alert these two days.

The technical staff pulled up a 3D model simulation of Night Chief's base, and the point of intrusion was marked with a heat source. A powerful energy could clearly be seen to swiftly cut through the earth like a sharp knife above the base as it invaded through the ground.

"What is that?"

"Ah! My glowing biceps 1 !"

1(A line from the drama "My Own Swordsman.") "Ahhh! This little mouth is swallowing me! It hurts!"

Soon, there were screams above them!

President Bai's eyes were fixed in the direction that the heat source was invading from, and the corners of his mouth twitched. "Impudent! Actually coming to pick a fight with me?"

He raised his head and gave a sharp cry. In a split second, an invisible sound wave was released, which blew open a massive hole in the ceiling.

Seeing this, Long Ming felt an excruciating pain in his liver... The money they had just earned would have to be used to repair the base again! A large part of the reason why Night Chief hadn't been running smoothly recently was because of base damages and repairs; each time there was a fight inside the base, President Bai couldn't help punching holes in it.

Long Ming wanted to cry - making money wasn't easy!

And the biggest pain of all was that this sound wave actually had no effect on the intruder.

Instead, the intruder crawled through the hole and into the base's central control room.

It turned out to be a huge red worm, which stretched out its long tongue threateningly and swept up all the executive staff inside the base. Which each person it swallowed, its body grew in size.

"Long Ming, hurry up and use your Long clan's secret art and get this greedy snake under control!" Seeing that his opponent was a worm, President Bai became less alarmed. The secret art of Long Ming's Long clan had a powerful control effect on insects; if they could capture such a strong worm, it would be a good fighting force!

"Lord, please cover me!" Long Ming nodded, responding quickly as he swiftly formed a hand seal.

He then slapped one hand down hard on the ground, and a series of runes blossomed like a lotus, forming a circular magic array.

Long Ming then quickly cut his wrist, and his blood dripped onto the magic array. The instant it seeped into the magic array, a fragrance promptly filled the air.

"This is..." President Bai frowned slightly.

"This is our Long clan's secret array for trapping insects. Sprinkling my blood on this array will produce a unique scent which insects and spirit beasts alike are unable to resist. As long as the other party enters the magic array, they will be trapped."

"But isn't it dangerous for you to stand here like this?" asked President Bai.

"Rest assured, Lord, it's completely fine. These captured insects are drawn in completely by the scent of my blood. They'll forget my existence, so they won't attack me. I can use the Lo-"

Before he could finish saying "Low Blood Reverse Kill 2 ," the worm above Long Ming's head directly stuck out its tongue and swept him up.

2(A move in Arena of Valor with a health regeneration effect that can help a seemingly weak character launch a counter attack ..) President Bai: "..."

"He actually thought my venerable self was a worm? What an undiscerning man... but he does taste good..." Devil Gut Fungus Lord stared at President Bai. "I came from across the sea, and suddenly smelled a strong energy underground... So, it appears it was you..."

President Bai: "Breaking in here, you have to pay the p-"

Before he could say "price"-

President Bai was also no more...





Chapter 885 A Modern Alchemist's Dilemma


This was a disastrous fight — not just Long Ming, but even President Bai felt that his death was a little unexpected.

But the two of them weren't truly dead, since Devil Gut Fungus Lord had just swallowed them, gaining their powers in the process. President Bai's description of Devil Gut Fungus Lord in essence as a "greedy snake" had been spot on, as the more people he swallowed, the stronger he became.

"The Bai clan's secret art, the Long clan's secret art..." Having devoured both of them, Devil Gut Fungus Lord quickly digested his newfound strength. Devil Gut Fungus Lord's confidence soared at possessing the Long clan's powerful ability to control insects and the Bai clan's powerful secret art of creation.

He no longer had to worry about the light of Buddha. This secret art of creation was too powerful! Even if he was roasted under the light, Devil Gut Fungus Lord was confident he could swiftly repair the damaged bacteria; combining the power to repair and the ability to reproduce, the harmful bacteria he spawned would have the power of superbugs.

Devil Gut Fungus Lord was utterly delighted by the combination of these recovery and reproduction abilities.

Most crucially, he was pleasantly surprised to discover that President Bai actually had the power of Outer Dao!

This was simply a great treasure he had devoured!

Although President Bai hadn't completely collected the power of all six Outer Dao, he already had three.

Alas for President Bai, the one to ultimately reap the benefits was Devil Gut Fungus Lord.

President Bai underestimated his enemy, and was devoured even before he had the chance to activate his Reverse Polarity.

That had really been a close one earlier.

"As expected, I am the fated master." Devil Gut Fungus Lord sneered darkly.

If President Bai had used the Reverse Polarity power of Outer Dao, devouring him would have been rendered ineffective, since Reverse Polarity was originally an Outer Dao that was able to defy heaven and change fate. Moreover, one usually wouldn't use this Outer Dao so easily unless their life was at stake.

This carelessness was typical of experts.

Nowadays, too many experts didn't know how to fight when they were down to low health, and lost despite the many advantages they had at the beginning.

It could be said that President Bai was a typical example.

Besides, he even dared to natter on in battle.

Usually, the one who died was the one who talked too much.

"Ours is truly an exceptional fusion." Devil Gut Fungus Lord laughed cruelly. He waved his hand in the next moment, and a number of spatial summoning arrays appeared in the air above the ground.

He combined his summoning array with the Long clan's secret art to connect to Insect Valley and summon its most powerful and ruthless insect: Immortal Bug.

This was a black caterpillar half a meter in length and covered in poisonous spines all over its body. It liked the dark and wasn't afraid of fire or water, though it preferred to live in the water; the Immortal Bug's ability to stay alive was at its fullest in a liquid environment.

If an Immortal Bug was severely injured and didn't immediately die, it would instantly recover in a short three seconds.

Immortal Bugs didn't like being exposed to sunlight, so Devil Gut Fungus Lord created a layer of bacteria cover to block out the light for the Immortal Bugs he summoned.

...

Thus, when Immortal Toya rushed to the battlefield, he was met with a frightening, apocalyptic scene.

There was a deep crevasse several miles long on the border of Mixiu, and what drew Immortal Toya's attention was the swarm of Immortal Bugs. They poured out of the crevasse in a steady stream like a fountain, devouring everything around them and even nibbling on each other.

Lamp posts and vehicles were all swallowed up one by one, and the suburban roads and green belts were also being gnawed away little by little.

This was such a horrifying scene, reminiscent of a car crash 1 during the New Year's concert.

1(L.e. a terrible song performance..) Immortal Toya, who had combined with the pagoda spirit, arrived at the scene, his body glowing with a spirit light which flickered between blue and green. Immortal Toya's healing spirit energy was initially blue, and after he combined with the pagoda spirit, his spirit light now had a touch of green.

This was Immortal Toya's first transnational mission. In addition to promoting the Office of Strategic Deception's status abroad, it was also for his own peace of mind, so that he could travel further down his path.

Looking at the sight in front of him, Immortal Toya's lips thinned. He was wearing a purple Daoist robe, and his eyes were very cautious as he kept a close watch on the huge energy fluctuations under the ground. At the same time, he looked a little shaken.

Because this fluctuation was a lot stronger than in the encounter with President Bai before.

"I don't want to know what's going on at all!" Immortal Toya said.

As a result, the pagoda spirit replied in his mind, "You really are good for nothing. You can't even tell? Devil Gut Fungus Lord has devoured Bai Zhe's power; even that Long clan descendant was swallowed up."

So that was it...

Immortal Toya nodded to himself.

His fighting abilities had indeed improved, but Immortal Toya had no idea how to handle this situation at all.

Lack of battle experience was the inherent problem all alchemists faced.

In an era of peace, the greatest role alchemists played was to refine pills, medicine and the like. The days when two alchemists would hit each other with an Angry Buddha Fire Lotus as soon as they met were long over. Currently, a modern alchemist's role was like that of a wet nurse.

But people had always turned their backs on this role.

A lot of battles were about fighting strength, and flashy spells were emerging more and more; if the other side brought along an alchemist wet nurse, they would be disdained!

So when cultivators went out in teams to get experience, they would clearly indicate when forming a group — no wet nurses!

As long as you prepared enough medicine in advance before going out to get experience, there was no need to bring an alchemist with you at all; not only were they expensive to hire, you could be labeled a "coward" for inviting an alchemist along.

Hm...

This was a particular prejudice modern cultivators held toward alchemists, many of whom were helpless to do anything about it.

While Immortal Toya was reflecting on this, the earth suddenly shook, and a purple and black light poured out of the ground like spring water breaking through the earth.

"Someone else has come to offer themselves up?" Devil Gut Fungus Lord, who had emerged from the crack in the ground, gazed at Immortal Toya from a distance in the air, a sly look on his face.

When he noticed the blue and green light wrapped around Immortal Toya's body, he was pleasantly surprised.

A world-defying spatial magic artifact?

Well, it looked like the other party wasn't just offering their head, but also an item...

Devil Gut Fungus Lord had been worried that he didn't have a suitable place to breed his bacteria.

This magic artifact would be pretty good...





Chapter 886 The Advantages of Temp Work


As the Toya clan's ancestral world-defying magic artifact, the Nine Cycles Exquisite Pagoda was an unprecedented boon for the clan. This was a magic artifact left behind by their ancestors back then. Unlike some person who relied on an ancestral grandmother to fight, the Nine Cycles Exquisite Pagoda's pagoda spirit had formidable fighting capabilities.

"The fighting strength gained from a body possession - what do you think your chances of winning are?" Devil Gut Fungus Lord remained steadily aloft in the air. With just a wave of his hand, the innumerable Immortal Bugs on the ground suddenly rushed toward Immortal Toya like a swarm of locusts.

The Immortal Bugs filled the sky and blocked out the sun, creating astonishing momentum as a gigantic shadow covered everything before it.

Immortal Toya couldn't let this wave of insects and super viruses touch him!!

An ordinary Daoist robe wouldn't be able to withstand this wave at all - the smallest contact with a virus, and it would instantly be chewed up until there was nothing left but rags. However, it wouldn't be that easy for the virus-carrying Immortal Bugs to get close to Immortal Toya.

"Out of my way!" Immortal Toya roared at the wave of insects.

The next instant, his body moved on its own, controlled by the pagoda spirit. A green spirit light poured forth from his body and directly clashed with the black wave of insects which filled the sky. This green light was none other than the light of purification unique to alchemists, which was also related to the qi that alchemists accumulated in their bodies after refining medicine for many years, and which was called medicine qi.

A senior alchemist could have thousands of different kinds of medicine qi, which had a lot to do with the medicinal ingredients he came into contact with while refining medicine. In order to make enough money to restore the Nine Cycles Exquisite Pagoda, Immortal Toya had practically worked himself to death by doing odd jobs, which hadn't been completely in vain.

A lot of people might never bother with temp work, but it really was useful!

While he worked during this period of time, Immortal Toya took on hundreds of different tasks and came into contact with far more medicinal ingredients than before. Since a lot of the medicines he refined were based on customer orders, it was the customers who had to provide all the medicinal ingredients. Even if Immortal Toya failed in the end, he still didn't need to pay compensation, since the customers who came to him for medicine refinement were generally insured against "medicine refinement risks" to minimize the loss from a failed refinement.

On top of that, Immortal Toya also researched new pills and medicines, taking new approaches with their ingredients.

The WIFI pill, portable charger pill, beauty makeover pill, and the Liuwei Dihuang pill 1 recently popular among A-list male celebrities were some examples. After a lot of medicinal ingredients were mixed together, they turned into new varieties of medicinal ingredients.

1(A well-known Chinese herbal formula used to treat yin deficiency.) Without Immortal Toya knowing it, he had actually already been exposed to more than a thousand medicinal ingredients, which included original and common medicinal ingredients, along with many rare and unusual ones. The medicine qi from these medicinal ingredients now overlapped each other, and drawing on the power of the pagoda spirit, the light of purification it created was in fact exceptionally powerful.

The green light enveloped the sky, like the sun breaking through the dark night and the dawn slowly stretching over the horizon, as the light of purification passed through in a cycle 2 !

2(Adapted from the lyrics for "Miracle Reappearance," the Chinese theme song for "Ultraman Tiga.") The instant this light of purification, which contained over a thousand types of medicine qi, touched these virus-ridden Immortal Bugs, the insects actually emitted hot steam, and in the end turned into small fireballs as they were directly burned to a crisp!

Looking at this scene, Immortal Toya was exultant.

This light of purification combined with over a thousand types of medicine qi was simply the antithesis of both these viruses and Immortal Bugs.

These insects that had attacked so fiercely thus gave off the sense of moths flying heroically into the flame; it was as if hundreds of thousands of moths were hurling themselves into the fire.

Devil Gut Fungus Lord realized that he had underestimated the force of this light of purification, which contained over a thousand types of medicinal qi. This light didn't just contain medicine qi; also mixed into it were all kinds of antibiotics as well as the vitamins A, B, C, D, E, F, G...

The Immortal Bugs couldn't get close to Immortal Toya at all, and neither could the viruses.

However...

Devil Gut Fungus Lord wasn't the least bit panicked.

The Immortal Bugs' attack looked very intimidating, but in fact, Devil Gut Fungus Lord hadn't even used twenty percent of his strength.

While this light of purification which contained medicine qi was very troublesome and could hold off hundreds of thousands of virus-ridden Immortal Bugs, then what if he increased the number?

"Ten million Immortal Bugs..." The next moment, Devil Gut Fungus Lord flicked his finger. The earth trembled, and like a volcano erupting, endless waves of Immortal Bugs poured out in a frenzy from the crevasse in the ground.

Both Immortal Toya and the pagoda spirit were shaken by this scene.

This power had already completely surpassed True Immortal level...

And most importantly, the abilities of these ten million virus-ridden Immortal Bugs had been completely upgraded!

Each Immortal Bug was actually wrapped in a deep blue light.

This was the power of the water element!

President Bai originally had the power of Outer Dao to use the elements.

After devouring President Bai's powers, Devil Gut Fungus Lord covered the Immortal Bugs with the power of water in reaction to being fried by the light of purification. These Immortal Bugs thus rose up once again, completely whole!

What should he do now?

Immortal Toya felt a little overwhelmed.

Devil Gut Fungus Lord's abilities had improved too much after he devoured President Bai, Long Ming, as well as many of Night Chief's executive members.

Immortal Toya's face turned red under this terrible spiritual pressure.

"Dammit... I can't hold on for much longer!" Immortal Toya bore up under the onslaught desperately.

In the face of the pressure from these ten million Immortal Bugs, however, the green light of purification was fading little by little. Finally, this army of ten million insects were gnawing on Immortal Toya's fingers.

Devil Gut Fungus Lord was greatly delighted at this scene.

"Just like an ant trying to shake a big tree and a mantis trying to stop a chariot." He rattled off two idioms in a row, showing himself to be very cultured.

Meanwhile, he fixed his deep on gaze on Immortal Toya, who was being devoured.

A moment later, he sensed Immortal Toya's aura vanish completely.

He forgot all about devouring Immortal Toya, as he very carefully controlled the insects.

His only goal was the Nine Cycles Exquisite Pagoda.

He waved his hand, and the army of ten million insects dispersed.

"Huh?"

He was surprised to find that the green light of purification emitted by the pagoda spirit hadn't been completely annihilated; a small light like a firefly was still floating in the air.

The next moment, Immortal Toya's body was reborn along with this firefly light.

The outcome of this scene was completely unexpected.

Immortal Toya came back to life.

And in that moment, there were actually two pagoda spirits standing behind Immortal Toya...

What was this?

Devil Gut Fungus Lord was very bewildered.

The two pagoda spirits joined hands and whirled around Immortal Toya.

Immortal Toya smiled.

In the end, this bacterium wasn't very cultured at all.

He didn't even know the song-and-dance duet 3 ...

3(A folk art performance popular in the northeast of China ..)





Chapter 887 The Wisdom Of Polyphonic Characters


When the second pagoda spirit came out, Devil Gut Fungus Lord was dumbstruck. It was originally only one pagoda spirit; how had it become two? It was also clear that this wasn't a clone of the first pagoda spirit, but was truly another one, because Immortal Toya's strength and aura had doubled after the second pagoda spirit appeared.

What on earth was going on?

Devil Gut Fungus Lord drew a deep breath and asserted control over the army of ten million insects, which had the power to plunder and devour everything. However, such huge momentum had also been detected by Mixiu's government troops. Night Chief was already under Mixiu's surveillance to begin with, and with this huge fluctuation of energy on the border, their defense mechanisms were activated.

Immortal Toya wasn't Devil Gut Fungus Lord's only opponent now; Mixiu's national army as well as cultivators who had received the news were on their way.

The situation didn't look good, but Devil Gut Fungus Lord was still unperturbed. In his opinion, the Mixiu cultivators who were on their way after receiving the news were simply nothing more than energy supplements — the more people he devoured, the stronger he would become.

Boom!

Several missiles were fired at Devil Gut Fungus Lord. Devil Gut Fungus Lord didn't even look at them as he directly controlled the insect army into blocking the missiles with their bodies. The sky lit up with explosions as massive numbers of insect soldiers were fried. These weren't ordinary missiles, but spirit power missiles made from the compression of highly dense spirit power molecules. These were large-caliber warheads which were more destructive than the original nuclear bomb. Furthermore, they were very environmentally friendly, and didn't have the side effect of radiation.

In the second great war of modern cultivation human history, a spirit power missile had been used to directly destroy a country.

In the sky, Devil Gut Fungus Lord was buffeted by the powerful shock wave, but it was completely harmless to him.

"Want to go up against me with a few missiles? Too naive." Devil Gut Fungus Lord raised his hand, utterly dismissive of the national army's missiles.

In fact, given his current ability, he could have his insect troops gobble up the missiles before they exploded.

What happened just now was purely Devil Gut Fungus Lord testing how strong the missiles were.

However, he was greatly disappointed by the results.

These missiles were too weak.

They were far inferior to the Wutian Golden Buddha Palm, and Devil Gut Fungus Lord felt that they weren't even as strong as Immortal Toya's light of purification.

"Failed?"

A military officer at national defense HQ gazed at the scene via satellite surveillance.

"Commander, sir... What should we do now?" The technical staff in charge of controlling the missile's trajectory broke out in a cold sweat.

"We can only continue to harass him with missiles; we're waiting on approval from the higher-ups concerning the larger warheads..."

"But is it really alright for us as soldiers of Mixiu to so obviously speak the language of Huaxiu?"

"The author hasn't passed CET 4 1 yet, we have no choice. This isn't the time to bother with that."

1(The Chinese English Test.) "..."

"Did Mixiu Alliance send out the notice?"

"Yes, Commander, sir! Mixiu Alliance has already called for all hero cultivators to hurry to the battlefield! The closest backup has almost arrived!"

"Very good!" The commander-in-charge nodded.

Meanwhile, his eyes were fixed on Immortal Toya's face on the surveillance screen.

In the end, this invasion had happened on Mixiu's border.

They didn't want the spotlight to be snatched away by a Huaxiu cultivator.

...

While Mixiu Alliance, i.e. Mixiu Alliance of Cultivators, had a slightly different organizational structure than Huaxiu Alliance, the role it played was the same. It was responsible for maintaining order, coordinating among the various major cultivator organizations, putting together ranking statistics of the strongest cultivators in the country and so on... But unlike other countries, Mixiu also had a special feature — the hero system.

At that moment, the closest heroes had already arrived on the frontline.

In the sky, the two pagoda spirits spun around Immortal Toya before completely fusing with him, and two green spirit spheres revolved around him, like planets orbiting the sun.

Just like Devil Gut Fungus Lord said, Immortal Toya's fighting strength had doubled, but it still wasn't going to be an easy fight. Devil Gut Fungus Lord was too powerful... it was possible that the Nine Cycles Exquisite Pagoda would have to exhibit all its power before Immortal Toya could match the other side.

But to go all out, he had to be killed nine times.

Each time he died, a new pagoda spirit would appear.

Right now it was a two-person cycle2.

2(While 二人转 refers to the song-and-dance duet, it also literally translates to "two-person cycle.") The strongest form was the nine-person cycle.

So Immortal Toya had nine lives in total.

Devil Gut Fungus Lord had to kill him nine times.

Hm...

This was the true pronunciation of the word "cycle" in the Nine Cycles Exquisite Pagoda — it wasn't the third tone, but the fourth tone 3 ...

3(i.e. "zhuàn" and not "zhuǎn.") This was how the Nine Cycles Exquisite Pagoda got its name.

The situation now was very dire, and the last thing Immortal Toya wanted was Devil Gut Fungus Lord to continue to gobble up and gain power.

Yet this most worrying situation still happened...

From a distance, a masked female heroine dressed in leather swiftly advanced by swinging from the buildings. Her butt spurted out white thread... If Immortal Toya was right, this should be spider silk...

"Don't be afraid! I'm here!"

The masked heroine's butt spurted out spider silk which landed with a splat at Immortal Toya's feet as she hung upside down in the air.

Immortal Toya dropped his forehead into his hand. "And you are..."

"I'm a Mixiu A-Class hero, Silky Web Heroine!" The masked woman loudly introduced herself with pride. "I have no other interests apart from maintaining world peace! This opponent looks very fierce, but you can rest assured that as long as I'm here, he can't hurt you at all —"

Immortal Toya: "..."

Before this poor Silky Web Heroine could finish speaking, she was gone.

Immortal Toya looked down. There was already no trace of Silky Web Heroine under his feet, except for a bit of spider silk that was stuck to the sole of his foot like gum...

Immortal Toya was a little speechless at this situation.

He didn't know how strong an A-Class hero was...

But it was very clear that an A-Class hero couldn't handle Devil Gut Fungus Lord at all!

Couldn't Mixiu Alliance send someone a little more reliable?

While Immortal Toya was thinking this, in the distance, an old man wearing a blue and white porcelain helmet walked unhurriedly forward in the sky.

"Someone else looking to die?"

Devil Gut Fungus Lord sneered.

He manipulated the insect army into charging at the old man.

However, the old man just cocked his head, and in the next moment, the bodies of the insects that got close to him actually transformed as they were assimilated by his porcelain powers, becoming extremely fragile.

The old man blew lightly, and these insects, which had become blue and white porcelain, turned into fine powder...

Immortal Toya was blank. "You are...?"

The old man with the blue and white porcelain helmet said serenely, "I am the SS-Class hero, Porcelaino 4 ."

4(Inspired by Magneto. The word "magnet" and "porcelain" are polyphonic ..) Immortal Toya: "..."





Chapter 888 If You Have a Problem You Can't Solve, Look for Wang Ling


Porcelaino...

When he heard this name, Immortal Toya wanted to ridicule it but couldn't. It was the same with that Silky Web Heroine just now - it was the first time Immortal Toya had seen a spider-woman produce spider silk with her butt. Was this the poor taste of modern heroes nowadays?

Immortal Toya wasn't familiar with Mixiu's hero cultivators, and had only heard of a few names which were famous in the International Alliance of Cultivators.

Each country had a different cultivation philosophy, but generally speaking, cultivators would fight hard for assignments from the Alliance of Cultivators in their respective countries to help maintain order as well as make a name for themselves. There were plenty of cases where cultivators gradually gained status and fame throughout the land through these tasks.

Of course, there were also exceptions...

Such as Lord Thunder.

This Great Death-Courting Senior had never actively volunteered for an assignment, but freeloaded off them and managed to gain widespread fame.

Because it was an era of peace, modern cultivators paid more attention to reputation and status, and Mixiu's hero cultivators were no exception. Of course, there was another important reason, which was if they assisted Mixiu Alliance in completing this assignment, there would be a massive bonus; the heroes were depending on it.

After all, everyone had to eat.

Immortal Toya took a deep breath and felt out the activity around him.

Many powerful auras were gathering on the frontline of battle within a radius of three thousand li, and a dozen or so of Mixiu's hero cultivators were on their way over.

Some were strong, some were weak. The weak ones coming to the battlefield would undoubtedly just feed Devil Gut Fungus Lord.

"There's not much time left..."

Immortal Toya sighed.

He was aware that he had to settle this fight as soon as possible.

Because there actually wasn't much time left.

He had six minutes at most before those hero cultivators arrived on the frontline. He had to settle this fight by then before things got messy.

"Stranger..." At that moment, the SS-Class hero Porcelaino strolled over in the air.

With each step he took, a blue and white porcelain flower bloomed under his feet, and he gave off an amazing and imposing air.

Immortal Toya already had a general understanding of what Porcelaino was capable of.

He had the ability to crush things.

Anything that got close to Porcelaino would instantly turn into brittle porcelain which was then shattered by his aura.

This was an extremely advanced Assimilation of Matter Spell, but it also had a fatal flaw: if you were just a little careless, you would also be assimilated yourself. It could only be said that Porcelaino was indeed worthy of being an SS-Class hero; he had broken away from the danger of being assimilated and refined this spell into a passive skill which he wielded.

Based on what Immortal Toya knew, a lot of thought had gone into refining this skill.

The only pity was that Porcelaino was still a bachelor even in his old age.

No one wanted to go to sleep with their wife in their arms, only to have her turned into blue and white porcelain the next day...

"Mr Porcelaino, do you have any suggestions?" Time was running out, so Immortal Toya didn't want to say much.

"Since you're from out of town, you just need to watch... This fight was never yours to begin with." Porcelaino sneered. "For this type of fiend, my ability is simply his antithesis.

"Just watch, stranger! I'll carry you to victory!"

With that, Porcelaino leapt up and charged straight at the insect army.

His Assimilation of Matter Spell had become a passive skill; as long as he could reach the center of the battlefield and touch Devil Gut Fungus Lord, it would be his win!

Want to get close?

Devil Gut Fungus Lord was quick to respond.

This was a dangerous old man.

The countless insect soldiers up ahead had been turned into fragile blue and white porcelain; it looked like it would be hard to hold him off.

Full of confidence, Porcelaino kept marching forward.

Devil Gut Fungus Lord frowned slightly.

He increased the number of Immortal Bugs again. This time, he no longer wrapped them in water, but actually gave them the power of fire. The sky was filled with the Immortal Bugs combusting into little fireballs which struck Porcelaino.

At first, Porcelaino didn't understand the reason for this move.

But as the temperature increased, he sensed something was wrong.

The blue and white porcelain on his body was actually being baked bit by bit under such high temperatures... His Assimilation of Matter Spell was the most affected by fiery heat.

"Ah!" Porcelaino was then surrounded by these burning Immortal Bugs, and he cried out in pain.

"We have to save him!"

Immortal Toya knew Porcelaino had already failed.

But in this situation, he also didn't dare get close.

It wasn't Devil Gut Fungus Lord's burning Immortal Bugs that he was afraid of, but Porcelaino... What if he also turned into porcelain after rushing over?

Immortal Toya never thought that "pengci 1 " this social epidemic would actually take on this type of meaning on the cultivator's battlefield.

1(Literally translates to "touch porcelain..") No... there had to be a way...

Immortal Toya took a deep breath.

Previously, he had learned a trick from Lord Thunder.

On several occasions, when Lord Thunder was almost at the end of his rope, he would take out his strongest skill.

And Immortal Toya was now in a tight spot.

Sure enough, if you had a problem you couldn't solve, look for Ling Zhenren!

"Zhenren? Senior Ling Zhenren?"

At that moment, Immortal Toya raised his head and tentatively called out to the sky twice.

But the sky was as empty as anything, and there wasn't the slightest response at all...

Immortal Toya didn't buy it.

Everyone knew that what the mensao Ling Zhenren liked to do most was to lurk.

Although he usually wasn't good at speaking and seldom said anything in the chat group, everyone had profoundly experienced Ling Zhenren being a mensao!

"Senior Ling Zhenren?"

Immortal Toya shouted again.

Actually, Immortal Toya was still a little timid even when he yelled. After all, he didn't have as close a relationship with Ling Zhenren as Lord Thunder.

The other side might not necessarily heed his wishful thinking.

And most importantly, because they weren't close, Ling Zhenren might not have bothered to observe him on the battlefield.

So after thinking about it, Immortal Toya decided to add a bonus. "Ling Zhenren? If you help me, I promise that from this moment on, I'll join the Crispy Noodle Snacks Sect! I'll eat crispy noodle snacks with you every day!"

As soon as he said that...

A space opened in the air.

Right after that, a bottle fell into Immortal Toya's hands.

This was a bottle of 84 Disinfectant which Wang Ling had personally enchanted.





Chapter 889 A Fall of Divine Liquid


An enchanted bottle of 84 disinfectant?

Immortal Toya accepted the divine artifact with both hands. His heart was unexpectedly unruffled; it seemed he was already used to it. Only Ling Zhenren could make an otherwise shocking operation seem very basic.

The appearance of this bottle of disinfectant also shook Devil Gut Fungus Lord. In reality, Devil Gut Fungus Lord had already forgotten who his creator was, but the sudden appearance of this bottle of disinfectant gave him a feeling of familiarity.

When Devil Gut Fungus Lord had still been a small bacterium, it hadn't developed spiritual wisdom yet and had no idea where it had come from. This thus made Devil Gut Fungus Lord think of itself as "a bacterium that had been born with a silver spoon in its mouth," and that it had been chosen by the heavens.

But the instant this enchanted bottle of 84 Disinfectant appeared, Devil Gut Fungus Lord never expected that it had been enchanted to somehow resonate with himself, and his memory was stirred up at the same time.

In his mind, the quiet and fair face of a youngster unexpectedly appeared.

The youngster had short light hair and a languid expression, as if he was perpetually in a half-asleep state. He looked completely unthreatening - nothing more than a harmless teenager - but he gave Devil Gut Fungus Lord a huge shock and sense of crisis.

This memory alone made Devil Gut Fungus Lord drip with cold sweat, and all his attacks were interrupted. The instant his thoughts paused, the ten million Immortal Bugs in the sky turned into a bunch of flies without a leader and began to tear into each other.

Seeing this, Porcelaino quickly retreated some distance away, not daring to rush in willy-nilly again.

He had almost lost his life earlier because he had been too aggressive and reckless!

At the same time, his eyes were also focused on the bottle of disinfectant in Immortal Toya's hands.

He was sure that it was because of this bottle of disinfectant that this fierce Devil Gut Fungus Lord had stopped his offense.

Porcelaino: "Brother, what is this bottle of magic treasure that looks like disinfectant?"

For a moment, Immortal Toya didn't know how to answer this question.

Magic treasure that looked like disinfectant?

No...

This was a damn bottle of disinfectant! It sold for 29.88 HNY at the supermarket, and was the kind that was a two-for-one deal when it was on special...

Immortal Toya glanced at the bottle's packaging. The large yellow characters "free gift" on it was exceptionally conspicuous.

This enchanted bottle of disinfectant was a freebie to boot... Generally speaking, freebies were things that were about to expire, so they would be bundled into promotional giveaways.

But now that it had passed through Ling Zhenren's hands, this bottle of disinfectant which had been about to expire had clearly reached the pinnacle of its liquid life.

Huh...

And it had also been touched by Ling Zhenren's beautiful hands...

Staring at this bottle of disinfectant, Immortal Toya actually felt a trace of jealousy.

"Impossible! Impossible!"

On the other side, it seemed that Devil Gut Fungus Lord, whose memory had been triggered as he recalled his origins, couldn't accept the truth at all as he gripped his head and screamed.

Immortal Toya sighed. He had already flipped opened the lid of the bottle, and the pungent smell which was released caused Devil Gut Fungus Lord to feel even more pain. Even though Immortal Toya was clearly some distance away, the smell of the disinfectant already had an effect on Devil Gut Fungus Lord!

"You're trying to kill me..."

Devil Gut Fungus Lord clenched his teeth and rejected his origins with all his might. "I was born the strongest! I don't have a master! My power to devour is unmatched in the universe, and with time, I'll definitely become the supreme Devil Lord!"

Devil Gut Fungus Lord yelled in a loud voice, "Powers of Outer Dao!"

He condensed together all the three powers of Outer Dao that President Bai had collected.

When the five major elements came together, they turned into an elemental glass armor which covered his body, with all kinds of dazzling lights overlapping each other. It was just like the cheap light effects which renminbi players spent lots on for their characters: they were cheap, but looked awesome.

In addition, the power of Reverse Polarity also appeared in the form of a round Tai Chi disc, which was the symbol of Reverse Polarity, on Devil Gut Fungus Lord's glass armor.

Porcelaino's face drained of color. "He is even capable of this Outer Dao?!" This was an Outer Dao that practically all cultivators yearned for. If you mastered this Outer Dao, it was like having the power to overturn the heavens and change fate! Even if you were on the verge of death, you could regain full health and be resurrected with this power.

"Is that Mixiu Alliance? Stop the other hero cultivators from coming! They're not his match!" Porcelaino made a call.

Porcelaino was very clear on the current situation. Against such an enemy, there was absolutely nothing the other hero cultivators could do; even he had almost been heavily crippled. Recklessly charging in without a plan was nothing more than coming all this way to court death.

The situation right now was already messy enough!

More people would only make things worse!

Mixiu Alliance responded, "It's too late. The hero cultivators will reach the frontline in one minute..."

Porcelaino clenched his teeth. "Wretch!"

"One minute?"

Listening to the conversation, Immortal Toya nodded.

One minute was ample time.

Furthermore, it was enough to punish Devil Gut Fungus Lord several times over.

Porcelaino: "Little brother, let's withdraw! Your bottle of disinfectant is very strong, but what we're up against is the power of Outer Dao, Reverse Polarity - there's no way you can kill him!"

"Not necessarily."

Immortal Toya shook his head.

He poured out a drop of disinfectant, and just like the great Guanyin sprinkling sweet dew from the jade bottle 1 , Immortal Toya flicked that drop of disinfectant in Devil Gut Fungus Lord's direction.

1(From "Journey to the West..") Bzz!

This glittering drop of divine liquid emitted the most formidable spirit power and actually carried a touch of annihilation! Porcelaino was so scared his face turned pale!

At the same time, the heaven and the earth changed color, and a huge vortex appeared in the air as the spirit power in this drop of disinfectant actually tore open the walls of the sky.

Porcelaino's jaw dropped and his eyes almost popped out of their sockets!

This...

This was actually the spirit power in one damn drop of disinfectant? He felt that this one drop of disinfectant was dozens of times more powerful than him...

No! This was no longer disinfectant! This drop was a one-of-a-kind super divine liquid!

Sensing the danger in the divine liquid, Devil Gut Fungus Lord knew that he was powerless to withstand it. However, he had the power of Outer Dao Reverse Polarity, so he laughed wildly. "Want to kill me? I am an existence that cannot die or be killed!"

Bzz!

As soon as he spoke, the divine liquid exploded with energy once again, and a strong purifying power swept over the scene.

The next moment, under Devil Gut Fungus Lord's extremely stupefied gaze, the elemental glass armor and Reverse Polarity round disc which he was wearing directly shattered on the spot.

The power in this drop of disinfectant was above that of Outer Dao!





Chapter 890 An International Hero!


A drop of divine liquid shook the sky as the ripples swept over the ground and caused heaven and earth to fall silent. Even Immortal Toya was shocked at the power of this drop of divine liquid. After throwing it out, he remained unmoving and silent in the sky for a long time, utterly shaken by this scene.

All this time...

Ling Zhenren was far, far stronger than Immortal Toya had imagined.

Immortal Toya of course knew that Ling Zhenren was a top expert. But now, after experiencing the formidable power of this drop of disinfectant for himself, Immortal Toya thoroughly understood.

This... wasn't a damn top expert!

This was simply a god!

It seemed...

Ling Zhenren had a very close connection to the Domain of the Gods!

Immortal Toya worshiped Wang Ling in his heart.

This wasn't a technique a person in the world below was capable of. In Immortal Toya's opinion, Wang Ling was already far beyond even Venerated Immortal level, and only the legendary experts from the Domain of the Gods could reach realms above Venerated Immortal.

Immortal Toya had already encountered both Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi.

These two people were originally experts with exceptional abilities from the Domain of the Gods.

But what puzzled Immortal Toya a little was that, looking at Ling Zhenren, the latter seemed to have a very limited understanding of the Domain of the Gods.

Could it be possible that Ling Zhenren wasn't from the Domain of the Gods?

Or perhaps...

Was there another realm above the Domain of the Gods in this world?

Immortal Toya pondered this in his heart.

Meanwhile, in Porcelaino's eyes, what Immortal Toya did just now was simply like a miracle descending...

"So this is an expert..." Porcelaino had to admit he had been short-sighted; he thought this foreigner from Huaxiu wasn't strong, and never expected the other party to actually take out such a magic treasure.

Furthermore, after sending out that drop of divine liquid, which clearly had such astonishing power, the other party was completely unruffled as he stood in the air, as if he had done a minor thing...

This was a genuine expert!

It was clear that this expert had already experienced many battles. In the face of such strong fluctuations, he remained unmoved - this was the true style of an Almighty.

It was just that in Huaxiu, there really weren't many experts who were famous abroad.

This was because each country worked in a different way.

Huaxiu Alliance didn't have a hero cultivator system like Mixiu Alliance did. Cultivators who were famous in Huaxiu Alliance might not be known internationally — their latest rising star was that Lord Thunder, the first True Venerated in the world.

And in Huaxiu Alliance, apart from the Ten Generals, Porcelaino didn't know any other cultivator at all.

Bzz!

This drop of divine fluid finally pushed through everything. It fell on Devil Gut Fungus Lord's chest and instantly dissolved.

Devil Gut Fungus Lord gave a gut-wrenching scream. There was nothing he could do to block the power in this drop of divine liquid.

At that very moment, Devil Gut Fungus Lord felt like an ice cube being boiled as endless steam evaporated from his body. He gripped his head and yelled, "You created me... but now you want to destroy me..."

He had already accepted the truth of his creation since he realized that he couldn't withstand this destructive force at all.

"If you were devoted to doing good, I might have let you keep your life, but you caused so much trouble. Naturally, you can't be allowed to live." Immortal Toya stared at the dying Devil Gut Fungus Lord, whose body was already half on fire.

In the distance, more and more hero cultivators were arriving, many with mud and bruises on them.

They had all rushed to the frontline to provide backup after receiving the order from Mixiu Alliance, but just as they were about to get there, there had been a sudden explosion of overwhelming spirit power up ahead. Some of the hero cultivators had been so startled that their auras destabilized and they fell straight down from the sky...

That was how they got their bruises and scars.

"Don't be afraid! I am here!" A burly blond man hovered in the sky with his arms folded. He originally had a skinny physique, but the moment he reached the frontline, his muscles swelled as if they had been inflated!

Even Porcelaino couldn't help bowing when he saw him. "Mr Olu!"

This was Olu, an SSS-Class hero known as Light of the City! He was also the most famous hero cultivator in Mixiu Alliance, and currently the only SSS-Class hero!

But when he arrived at the scene, Devil Gut Fungus Lord was already dying.

Mr Olu sighed a little disappointedly. "It seems that there's no need for me to fight. But that's good too..."

As the "Light of the City," Mr Olu was in fact very tired every time he carried out a mission. The thing about his unique technique was that he had to eat hair to gain power; with each strand of hair he ate, his strength would double.

Given how dangerous Devil Gut Fungus Lord was, Mr Olu had thought he might have to eat up all his hair this time.

His bald head was a sign that he was at his strongest, and also the origin of his hero codename "Light of the City."

Porcelaino: "This Huaxiu little brother isn't ordinary; Mr Olu probably already sensed it just now."

Mr Olu nodded. That indeed was very formidable strength. None of their Mixiu Alliance cultivators, including him, could release such strong spirit power.

By now, Devil Gut Fungus Lord had been reduced to flying ash.

Mr Olu and Porcelaino went forward to pay their respects to Immortal Toya on behalf of the group of hero cultivators. "Brother... may I ask, what divine being are you?"

Immortal Toya: "I am from the Office of Strategic Deception."

All the hero cultivators instantly understood. It turned out he was from that new sect set up by the True Venerated!

"Then may I ask, Your Excellency..." Porcelaino wanted to ask another question.

Chin in hand, Immortal Toya pondered carefully, and felt that he shouldn't reveal too much abroad.

Immortal Toya: "I'm not the sect leader; for a fiend of this level, there's no need at all for our sect leader to take action himself."

"Then may I ask, what is this brother's Daoist name?"

Immortal Toya quickly replied, "I don't have a Daoist name. But remember my name."

"Go ahead, brother!"

"My name - is Zhuo Yi!"

...

That evening, after washing and getting ready for bed, Zhuo Yi turned on the TV. The female newsreader was giving an eloquent report: "According to the latest news we've received, the villain who invaded Mixiu's border today has already been annihilated by Zhuo Yi, a cultivator from the Office of Strategic Deception. What kind of divine being is this Mr Zhuo Yi? Let's listen to what other hero cultivators have to say about Zhuo Yi."

"????"

Zhuo Yi rubbed his eyes and repeatedly confirmed the news caption.

That couldn't be...

When did he go abroad?





Chapter 891 Director Zhuo Yi's 【Love】


News of the battle in which evil was vanquished on Mixiu's border over the sea traveled faster than Zhuo Yi imagined. After watching the news on TV, veteran Zhuo Yi could roughly guess what had happened.

It had to be some person from the Office of Strategic Deception on a mission, who had once again given him all the credit. But the problem was that he was just a Golden Core cultivator! If any type of credit was given to him now, Zhuo Yi immediately felt immense pressure.

In short...

Zhuo Yi was well aware.

He probably wasn't going to get any rest tonight.

As soon as the midnight news came out, the phone in Zhuo Yi's apartment started ringing off the hook with all kinds of congratulations.

Zhuo Yi checked the message which he had just posted in Wechat Moments hours ago.

It was actually very short, and only contained one word: Exhausted!

Of course, it didn't have anything to do with vanquishing evil - Zhuo Yi had purely been referring to how inadequate he felt since shooting to fame after becoming the director of the General Administration of 100 Schools.

But it was still too early for Zhuo Yi to retire.

He had only just assumed this position; it would be at least another five hundred years before he could retire.

After the midnight news, Zhuo Yi's post instantly received hundreds of likes.

"As expected of Director Zhuo. You can even vanquish evil and uphold Dao across the sea! I saw it! The admiration on that Mixiu hero cultivator's face when he was interviewed! That Light of the City has never show admiration like this for anyone else before!"

"Director Zhuo is young and promising. On top of handling study issues, he vanquishes evil and upholds Dao on the side - he is the model for our young generation!"

"I heard that the fiend destroyed the leader of the Office of Strategic Deception's medicine team Immortal Toya's Chrysanthemum Island. I'm in the film business, and to celebrate Director Zhuo's remarkable feat, he can contact me anytime. Once Immortal Toya's Chrysanthemum Island has been rebuilt, we can make a film called To Chrysanthemum Island based on this event, and the protagonist will be modeled on Director Zhuo."

Zhuo Yi flushed when he read these compliments.

Because this really had nothing to do with him.

But since the Office of Strategic Deception had already decided on this, he had no choice but to shoulder this wok.

Zhuo Yi's heart was very tired.

He used to carry the wok for one person.

Now, he had become "Wok King" for the entire sect.

...

Tuesday, August 22nd.

It was the ninth day of the summer break.

When Zhuo Yi left home that morning, there was already a large, packed crowd of reporters in front of the main entrance of the staff apartment. The reporters didn't dare directly burst into the building, and so waited at the intersection in front of the apartment for Zhuo Yi to come out.

That was the only route Zhuo Yi could take to get to work.

As soon as he appeared at the main entrance, he instantly knew it was a bad idea, but it was too late to turn back even if he wanted to, as the reporters had already spotted him.

"Director Zhuo is out!"

Saying that, a reporter opened the briefcase he was holding, and some "telescopic eyes" (tele-eye for short) flew out to hover in the air and start to film Zhuo Yi from all angles.

These mechanical eyes were magic treasures for conducting interviews and were very popular with reporters now; as long as it had a photo of the target, the telescopic eye would automatically recognize them and carry out the interview.

However, this magic treasure was very costly, and an ordinary tabloid newspaper wouldn't be able to afford it. As Zhuo Yi stood at the main entrance, several telescopic eyes had already seized the moment to float over to him from afar.

A glance at the network logo of these telescopic eyes told him that they were from the Toilet Lid network.

The telescopic eyes played the interview questions which had already been recorded: "Director Zhuo, can you give us details on how you defeated that villain? I heard that he was very strong and Mixiu nation's missiles couldn't hurt him. As a Golden Core Cultivator, can you tell us what was your key to success?"

Zhuo Yi was rendered speechless.

Details...

How would he know!

Of course he had a key to success!

It was his shifu Wang Ling!

But to say that... He didn't dare!

" Ai 1..." Zhuo Yi sighed.

1(This interjection and the Chinese word for "love" share the same pronunciation.) The reporters heard his reply from a distance.

Love?

Immediately, they were utterly stunned by this simple but impressive answer.

It could only be said, as expected of currently the most well-known official in Songhai City, who had caught the most devils and demons.

The reporter with the telescopic eye from the Toilet Lid network cried out in surprise, "General Director Zhuo's key to dealing with evil is actually: love!"

It was pandemonium.

The reporters were all blank.

Love?

For a moment, all the reporters on the road were quiet as they pondered this meaning.

The Toilet Lid Network reporter sighed with feeling. "It looks like the reason these villains were vanquished was because they were moved by Director Zhuo Yi's 'love.' To use such a succinct word as 'love,' Director Zhuo vividly expresses the boundless love and fearlessness he feels when he confronts evil, as well as his magnificent ambition and mighty determination to change the world with the power of love; it also depicts his beautiful dream as a man of the people to love them, love his work, and to use all his love and passion to reform these villains."

"So... so that's it..."

Many of the reporters were dumbstruck for a moment when they heard this.

They were hurriedly taking notes in their notebooks.

Zhuo Yi: "..."

At that moment, the reporter used the telescopic eye to ask again, "What I said should be right, shouldn't it? Is there anything that Director Zhuo wants to add?"

Zhuo Yi was rendered speechless: "I..."

The Toilet Lid Network reporter cried out again in surprise, "I?"

A lot of the other reporters who were taking notes raised their heads. "Excuse me, what does this 'I' mean?"

After thinking about it for a few seconds, this Toilet Lid Network little brother suddenly knocked his head. "I'm such a blockhead! It actually took me so long to understand Director Zhuo's meaning! Director Zhuo clearly meant 'one for all and all for one' with this 'I'! 'Love' and 'I' were the keys to Director Zhuo's success this time! What he wants to tell us is that in the face of dangers and difficulties, we should be like him and go forth fearlessly with a spirit of self-sacrifice, and spread love to every corner of the world!"

"So that's what he meant!"

"You're a genius, bro!"

"Bro, you're awesome!"

"..."

At that moment, a voice came out from the telescopic eye. "Thank you, Director Zhuo, for your brilliant responses, our interview is done. We won't keep you from going to work, otherwise we'll be criticized for it."

"..."

Watching the telescopic eyes as well as that group of reporters with immense comprehension skills leave, Zhuo Yi was lost in silence for a very long time.

Ai , his heart was so tired.





Chapter 892 Drunk Zhuo Yi


That day, Zhuo Yi asked for sick leave and didn't go to work.

After that group of reporters left, he texted Zhong Lang. "Little Zhong, I'm not feeling well today. There's been a lot on our plate recently, I'm going to have to trouble you."

Zhuo Yi had always been a polite person. Zhong Lang had only worked with him for a few short months, and as Zhuo Yi's reputation skyrocketed, the work of Songhai's General Administration of 100 Schools had also increased. However, Zhong Lang didn't feel the least bit tired. Zhuo Yi was his superior but also his fellow brother, and they actually had a good personal relationship.

"Brother Zhuo, you can leave things to me if you're not feeling well. Take care of yourself; you have to work, plus vanquish evil and uphold Dao while you're at it - that's so exhausting." Zhong Lang was watching the morning news when he replied to Zhuo Yi's text.

The female newsreader for the morning news was repeating the news on Devil Gut Fungus Lord, and now everyone knew that Zhuo Yi had run off overseas to catch someone...

Returning to his apartment, Zhuo Yi put his briefcase down, took off his suit jacket and shirt, and took out several jars of "cheeky wine" from the fridge. This wasn't the beer which regular people drank, but actual "cheeky wine" with the slogan "be a little cheeky and be happy" 1 on it.

1("Cheeky" and "beer" are homonyms in Chinese, and the slogan is a riff on a song itle.) This cheeky wine was made from a fermented spirit herb, which could help one feel joy when they were vexed.

But it was still wine, after all.

It was unhealthy to drink too much.

Usually, Zhuo Yi would have one jar after work to take off the edge, but now he took out everything he had in the fridge, as he was feeling particularly agitated today.

For some reason, Zhuo Yi felt that he was increasingly becoming a different person.

And he was very unhappy.

As he drained jar after jar of wine, it did nothing to soften his gloom.

Once the alcohol in his bloodstream reached saturation point, Zhuo Yi lay on the sofa and let out a long burp before he looked up and hissed, "Unbearable! Ma Fei!

"Um... who's Ma Fei 2 ?

2(A random line from a Lol game live stream, spoken to live streamer Ma Feifei, which caught on as a catchphrase.) "Forget it... Who cares who he is...

"Unbearable..."

"So unbearable..."

Lying on the sofa, Zhuo Yi lost more and more confidence. He had drained the jar dry of cheeky wine. Head aching slightly, he tossed the jar aside casually. The potent wine flooded his veins, sending him into a deep sleep.

...

Zhuo Yi had yet to sober up at noon. At that moment, there was the sound of a doorknob turning in his staff apartment, and a plump man wearing dark clothes entered.

"The infiltration is a success," the man in dark clothing said softly; his mask was a transmission magic treasure which allowed him to contact his team members outside.

It wasn't easy to infiltrate a staff apartment, but as a well-known assassin of the Dark Network, Kong Ruye succeeded in his task. He seldom undertook infiltration work like this now, but he had been offered an irresistibly large sum by the big shot who had hired him.

After completing this mission, he would retire.

At the door, Kong Ruye gave a sigh.

He took off the cloak on his shoulders and covered his entire body with it. After that, his figure and aura completely disappeared.

In the living room, Zhuo Yi sprawled on the sofa, drooling a little.

When Kong Ruye saw the jars of cheeky wine scattered on the coffee table, he tensed up.

This person actually hadn't gone to work today?

Would an expert who had just destroyed a villain in another country get drunk from a few jars of cheeky wine?

He didn't believe it.

His first reaction was that Zhuo Yi was probably faking it!

Cold sweat trickled down his temples as he observed Zhuo Yi's movements from a distance, not daring to act recklessly.

A real expert was conversely more difficult to deal with when drunk.

Kong Ruye sweated buckets under the cloak; he was convinced that as long as he didn't move, he wouldn't be discovered. The cloak he was wearing was a world-defying magic artifact handed down from his ancestors. Although his realm wasn't high, this cloak had been his source of courage in all his years of extensive travel.

But now, Kong Ruye had run into a difficult life problem as he wondered whether to act against Zhuo Yi or not.

It would still be alright if this person really was drunk.

But if he was faking it...

Kong Ruye was afraid he would lose his small life.

This mission...

Was much tougher than he had imagined.

He had been asked to collect a strand of Zhuo Yi's hair.

Although he had no idea what the client wanted with Zhuo Yi's hair, it certainly hadn't sounded like a difficult mission.

He just needed to sneak into Zhuo Yi's apartment when the latter was at work and find a strand of hair.

But since he couldn't tell whether Zhuo Yi was faking his drunken state or not, he was feeling immense mental pressure.

After taking deep breaths for dozens of seconds, Kong Ruye decided to steer clear of Zhuo Yi and avoid direct contact. Even if the apartment owner was at home, directly cutting the other party's hair would be putting his life at risk...

Zhuo Yi looked like he had casual living habits, so it should be possible to find some traces of hair in the bathroom.

But when Kong Ruye went to the bathroom, he was dumbfounded again.

He never imagined that a man's bathroom could be so sparkling clean, without even a speck of dust to be found.

Leaning over, he felt around the drain groove, only to find no hair in it. It looked like this Director Zhuo didn't shed hair when he showered. Or, he had a habit of cleaning them up.

Why...

Kong Ruye was a little wounded.

Why was this man so powerful and yet had so much hair 3 ...

3(The joke is from "One Punch Man," where the protagonist gains insane strength at the cost of going bald.) Given how clean the bathroom was, it looked like there wouldn't be any hair in the bedroom either.

The jars of cheeky wine scattered around outside was the result of Zhuo Yi's occasional bout of indulgence.

To be on the safe side, Kong Ruye went to the bedroom, and after confirming that there wasn't any hair there, he finally switched targets to the drunk Zhuo Yi who was lying down in the living room.

"So, I can only make a move myself?" Kong Ruye swallowed before he took out a pair of scissors and slowly approached the sofa.

Just as he was about to act, Zhuo Yi suddenly roared, "Do you know?! Do you know... you should be fat... and I should be thin 4 ..."

4(Modified from a line in the "Song Poem," "The red should languish and the green should grow .. ") Damn!

He had been noticed!

Drenched in sweat, Kong Ruye withdrew the scissors. He was clearly covered by the cloak, but the other party had guessed he was a fatty!

As expected, this guy had been pretending!

Flustered, Kong Ruye was about to quickly flee the apartment, but Zhuo Yi actually flipped over at that moment and tripped him.

Aiya!

Kong Ruye, who was going to run, gave a wretched cry and suddenly fell, his forehead hitting the coffee table in front of Zhuo Yi with a loud thump.

It was Lord Thunder who had gifted Zhuo Yi with this coffee table on the day of the founding of the Office of Strategic Deception. It was made from a special material and was extremely durable - a Soul Formation cultivator wouldn't be able to break it easily.

And so, Kong Ruye passed out, his head covered in blood...





Chapter 893 The Dream Projection of the Mind


Wednesday, August 23rd.

It was the tenth day of the summer break.

When Zhuo Yi finally woke up from his drunken stupor that morning, he felt something under him. Hm... it was meaty and soft.

He had been dreaming about Wang Ling just now, and had even pinched his shifu's face in his dream. His shifu usually had a poker face and seldom smiled, but last night, Zhuo Yi had dreamt his shifu had smiled and had actually given him a lot of words of encouragement.

Zhuo Yi couldn't help himself and had pinched his dear shifu's little face (It was something he had long wanted to do, but never had the guts.).

As expected, dreams were the best! Anything could happen in a dream!

Thus, as he was pinching Wang Ling's face, Zhuo Yi woke up with that soft and fleshy feeling still in his memory. His shifu's face was clearly thin, but why did it feel so nice to pinch?

Zhuo Yi couldn't help rubbing against the meaty thing under him for a bit.

Suddenly, it didn't feel right - this flesh was clearly older than the one in his dream.

When Zhuo Yi drowsily opened his eyes, he saw a fatty lying prone under him; the latter was bleeding heavily from a severe injury on his forehead and he was unconscious.

Just now, he had actually been rubbing this fatty's ass...

Zhuo Yi: "..."

Looking at the time, Zhuo Yi realized he was going to be late for work again.

Sure enough, it wasn't good for the body to have too much cheeky wine; he was still feeling a little muddle-headed now.

Checking his phone, Zhuo Yi found several missed calls from Zhong Lang, who was worried that something had happened to him. In the end, Zhong Lang had sent a message to say that he was going over to Zhuo Yi's apartment for a look.

Zhuo Yi hurriedly called him back. "Little Zhong, I'm fine! I just slept late last night and couldn't get up this morning."

Listening to Zhuo Yi, who seemed to have regained his spirits, Zhuo Yi breathed a sigh of relief. "It's good that Brother Zhuo is alright. Don't sleep so late! Were you up all night playing games?"

"Playing games..."

Zhuo Yi gazed at the fatty's round butt. "Yes, I was playing Overwatch all night."

After hanging up, Zhuo Yi finally sighed with relief.

He was well aware that right now, he couldn't alert the enemy.

Dealing with this fatty was going to be a problem.

This fatty who had passed out in his apartment had clearly been plotting something; he had taken advantage of Zhuo Yi being drunk to sneak into the latter's place, and even had a pair of suspicious scissors in his hand - who knew what he had been planning to do.

Zhuo Yi subconsciously covered his crotch - there had been a number of news reports lately about guys whose dicks had been cut off in their sleep.

But Zhuo Yi just couldn't figure out why this fatty, who was a total stranger, would do something so ruthless to him.

No matter what, he had to first restrain this fatty and interrogate him!

As one of the staff leaders of the Office of Strategic Deception, it was quite a serious problem that his place had actually been broken into.

The first thing Zhuo Yi did was to call Fang Xing.

Fang Xing was the leader of the goon squad, and all the interrogations of the Office of Strategic Deception were left to him. Also, now that the goon squad had a working relationship with Warden Liang of Songhai First Prison, the goon squad's interrogations were, in one word, legal!

"Very well, Brother Zhuo, I'm coming over." On the other end of the phone, Fang Xing still sounded so sunny, like a spring shower which could make a person feel refreshed.

Zhuo Yi nodded. "Mm, I've already restrained him, I'll wait for you."

He had already confiscated Kong Ruye's scissors and cloak as weapon evidence, and to be on the safe side, Zhuo Yi had tied him up with Immortal Cuffs.

These Immortal Cuffs were something Zhuo Yi had won before in a mahjong game with Songhai First Prison's Mahjong Squad.

The last time Zhuo Yi had checked in on them at the prison, the Mahjong Squad had needed one more player, so Zhuo Yi had joined them. Warden Liang hadn't believed Zhuo Yi could win, and had bet a pair of "Immortal Cuffs."

And then, these cuffs became Zhuo Yi's...

There was no helping it; the only explanation was that he was a human koi fish, hence his good luck.

Hands on his waist, Zhuo Yi smiled in satisfaction, and then drew open the curtains so that sunlight spilled into the living room.

Zhuo Yi once again recalled the wonderful dream he had last night.

What a pity; who knew when he would ever be able to pinch his shifu's face in real life.

...

Elsewhere, in the Wang family's small villa.

Wang Ling also gradually opened his eyes.

He had had a very strange dream in which he had seen Zhuo Yi.

However, this wasn't a "prophetic dream," but a "dream projection of the mind," which was used to maintain order. In many instances, Wang Ling would unconsciously use small-scale Heavenly Dao spells, and normally they only affected the people around Wang Ling whom he deemed important.

It was mainly used to regulate one's mindset.

Mindset was an important factor in any sort of situation and could influence one's work, studies and so forth.

An unregulated mindset could later turn into depression. Nowadays, a huge number of celebrities died from this mental pressure, but were labeled as "eccentric" or "fake."

During the times that these people needed care the most, they quietly endured all kinds of violence and buried their hurts deep in their hearts.

It was in situations like these that having company was very important.

But a huge shortcoming of the "dream projection of the mind" was that Wang Ling didn't know what he would do in the dream, and would cleanly forgot everything that happened in it after it was over.

As a spell to help his teammates regulate their mindsets, the dream projection of the mind could theoretically manage depression; more than that, Wang Ling created the scenario which the dreamer most wanted to see in their dreams in order to restore their spirits.

As for the dream last night -

Wang Ling didn't remember it at all.

If it was a prophetic dream or a regular dream, he would absolutely remember every detail; it was only when he had a dream projection of the mind that he would forget what it looked like.

Er Ha, who had been lying on its stomach on the ground all this time, wagged its tail. When it glanced at its Little Master Ling, its expression turned a little strange.

For some reason, it felt that Little Master Ling's cheeks were very red... as if they had been pinched.

Er Ha sighed when it saw this.

It looked like Little Master Ling had finally reached the age of hot-blooded youth. This guy usually never spoke or even smiled, but as the dearest pet by his side, Er Ha was well aware what its little master's temper was like.

Thus, it guessed that its little master might have had some sort of erotic dream last night...





Chapter 894 Jingke's Scabbard


Thursday, August 24th.

It was the eleventh day of the summer break.

The initial results of the interrogation of the Dark Network assassin "Kong Ruye" who had broken into Zhuo Yi's staff apartment were already out. In the beginning, Kong Ruye had sworn he wouldn't confess and had been very bone-headed. Warden Liang and Zhuo Yi had exchanged looks and smiled, and without saying a word, directly sent Kong Ruye to the "mahjong room."

Less than five minutes later, Kong Ruye confessed what he had done, but he also didn't know much. The only clue Kong Ruye had on the employer who had shelled out so much for Zhuo Yi's hair was the bank account number the money was wired from.

Zhuo Yi had someone look it up and discovered that the account belonged to a foreign private banking group; they didn't have the authority to access the other party's personal information.

Warden Liang: "Kong Ruye was hired at a hefty price from the Dark Network. You need to be careful from now on, Brother Zhuo. Although we don't know what the other party wants your hair for... could it be for a DNA paternity test? Do you maybe have long-lost rich grandparents overseas?"

Zhuo Yi sweated. "You think too much, Old Liang... I'm a Hujian native born and bred, and I had a modest upbringing. I came to Songhai for school because my grades were good and I got a special recommendation."

"Then could it be some enemy? Or someone you offended as a kid?"

"It could be an enemy... but I didn't have any at all as a kid. Our Zhuo family always said to never go out at night; my parents used to frighten me when I was a kid by saying that if we Hujian people went out, we'd be caught and eaten by those from Guangdong1..." Saying this, Zhuo Yi's expression was a little helpless.

1(From a joke that the Cantonese have swallowed up the Fujian people.) But speaking of enemies, it was difficult to say whether he had any or not after assuming this position. As the saying went, tall trees attracted the wind; Zhuo Yi understood this. In recent months, he had made a lot of waves, shouldered a lot of woks, and drawn a lot of attention.

There would always be those who were envious, jealous, and full of hate, who would step on him when he was down. There were a lot of people like this in society, and most of them weren't straightforward; like snakes, insects, rats and ants, they couldn't bear the light and could only hide behind rocks like spineless cowards.

Zhuo Yi had seen more and more of this type of people since taking office as the director of the General Administration of 100 Cultivation Schools. He knew who they were, but always pretended that he was indifferent; he knew that once he showed the least bit displeasure, it would be exactly what they wanted.

Who on earth was looking into him, and why the hell did they want his hair?

Zhuo Yi felt that he had to look into this.

...

At noon, Luo Chuang brought Wang Ling good news: Jingke's initial scabbard was complete.

In order to make Jingke a suitable scabbard, just collecting the materials alone had been a long struggle for Luo Chuang, who had gone through a lot for the One Thousand Dried Bone. However, when it came to assembling items, collecting materials was always troublesome, and you had to bring out the perseverance of Monster Hunter players and the diligent spirit of Dark Souls players 2 ...

2(Monster Hunter and Dark Souls are RPG games.) But fortunately, the results weren't too bad.

Luo Chuang had been extraordinarily successful at making the scabbard; he had made three for Jingke, which were all from the same materials but in slightly different sizes.

In the afternoon, Lord Thunder came to Luo Chuang's shop himself for a look, and discovered that the shop's doorstep was gone. It was only later that he found out that Luo Chuang had dismantled his doorstep because it was made of Amitayus wood, which was the main material for forging the three scabbards...

"I remember that Amitayus wood is a major heirloom in Brother Luo's family." Lord Thunder was stunned by Luo Chuang's fervor.

"This small sacrifice is nothing for my Lord Jingke." Luo Chuang waved his hand in a relaxed manner. "Come! Senior Immortal, please have a look at these three scabbards!"

He opened a rectangular box, which contained Jingke's scabbards.

Luo Chuang proudly gave an introduction. "The first scabbard is the virtuous daughter Amitayus scabbard, which is designed with a Type-C interface - Lord Jingke can sheath himself through the front or even the back if he wants."

"..."

"The second scabbard is the silky smooth Amitayus scabbard. While it's mostly made of Amitayus wood on the outside, the inside is comprised of One Thousand Dried Bone and smooth stone. When Lord Jingke thrusts inside, his body will feel wonderfully moisturized, like from a hydrating face mask, and he can enjoy the silky smoothness 3 ..."

3(Adapted from the Chinese ad slogan for Dove chocolate..) "..."

"The third scabbard is the tight Virgo Amitayus scabbard. The mouth of this scabbard is small, which can give Lord Jingke a sense of playful resistance when he thrusts inside. The ridged pattern inside the scabbard is also one of its selling points; it'll change from day to day, so Lord Jingke will never get bored..." Luo Chuang said.

"Then... what does this third scabbard have to do with Virgo?" Lord Thunder couldn't resist asking.

"It just sounds more sophisticated to call it Virgo; you'll actually understand if you replace the 'o' with 'in,'" Luo Chuang replied.

The designs for these three scabbards were so shocking that Lord Thunder almost dropped the melon seeds he was holding as he froze at Luo Chuang's words for the longest time...

He really didn't know how to feel about these three scabbards, and could only change the topic as he asked another question. "As... as expected of Brother Luo. These three scabbards are all good. However, I noticed that they seem to be slightly different in size. What's the reason for this?"

"Nothing in particular. These three scabbards were all made for Lord Jingke, but I don't know what he likes. Some sword spirits like loose scabbards which are comfortable, while some prefer tighter scabbards - it's like Durex... Does Senior Immortal prefer the loose, tight or ultra-thin ones?"

Lord Thunder: "..."

Luo Chuang was utterly immersed in his masterpiece. "I fell deeply in love with Lord Jingke the moment I saw him... To be able to make scabbards for Lord Jingke has been my life's greatest wish. Now that they're done, I don't know whether he'll like them or not, but I have no regrets. No matter what, I believe that Lord Jingke will definitely be able to sense how I feel, right?"

Lord Thunder wiped his sweat; he didn't want to dampen Luo Chuang's enthusiasm. "Maybe... perhaps... Brother Jingke will be very touched when he sees them?"

"He has to be." The corners of Luo Chuang's mouth curled up. "My goal in designing these three scabbards was that they would be so comfortable that Lord Jingke wouldn't want to come out of them - who knows, once he's inside, he might never want to move again!"





Chapter 895 Tracing the Source


Although these three scabbards weren't made to Wang Ling's taste, in the end, Luo Chuang had put all his heart into them, so it wasn't nice for Wang Ling to directly turn them down. Thus, Lord Thunder was entrusted with delivering the scabbards to Wang Ling's place.

When Lord Thunder arrived, it was to a rare scene, which only happened once in a blue moon in the Wang family's small villa. The old man, Mother Wang and Father Wang were actually all sitting on the sofa watching the same TV drama. This was an ancient drama series which had been popular recently, called Do You Know? Do You Know? You Should Be Gong While I'm Shou 1 , which told the story of three crossdressing bigwigs who returned home after getting sex changes in Thailand, and who became embroiled in household strife with the goal of finding a good man to marry...

1(Adapted from the TV drama "Do You Know? It Should Be a Wilting Flower Amongst The Lush Leaves," more commonly known in English as "The Story of Minglan.") Because of the bizarre storyline, and twists and turns in the plot, and the complicated relationships featured, the drama drew in many young men and women, uncles and aunts. It had become a phenomenon in the past month, and at one point had even surpassed Story of Yanxi Palace and Ruyi's Royal Love in the Palace .

Looking at this scene, Lord Thunder knew that the new Lightning Dharmaraja, Wei Yingluo 2 , who had called down a thunderbolt to kill the previous imperial concubine, was probably already rolling around in her grave...

2(The name of the female protagonist of "Story of Yanxi Palace.") When Lord Thunder entered, Mother Wang had no time to entertain him. The TV drama was on and he was someone they already knew, so she told him to help himself. "Little Lei! The tea is in the kitchen; make a cup for yourself if you want a drink! Just make yourself at home! I've already fermented the broccoli wine for you; it's in the basement. If you want a drink, bring it up yourself."

First time strangers and second time friends - Mother Wang already thoroughly considered Lord Thunder one of their own, and he was overwhelmed by her greeting. Although he was now known as "the world's first True Venerated," he was still a little brother in the Wang family's small villa...

The three old seniors currently watching a drama on the sofa also caused Lord Thunder to ponder deeply: what kind of TV drama could draw in these three old seniors, who had become disillusioned with the world and had retired to live ordinary lives, to such an extent... This was worth thinking about.

"When I go home today, I'll finish watching this drama..." Lord Thunder made up his mind. In fact, the drama was still being aired halfway, but since the Office of Strategic Deception's sudden rise, more and more production companies wanted to cooperate with them as they planned to rent some areas of the Office of Strategic Deception for filming.

It was precisely because of this that Lord Thunder had the contacts of plenty production company bigwigs in his cell phone.

He could directly ask them for any drama he wanted.

Waiting for Toilet Lid Network to cut out half an hour in post-production every day was too long.

There was no end to comprehending Heavenly Dao; it had to be done as soon as possible - the sooner, the better!

"Brother Ling!"

Lord Thunder called out first before going upstairs.

Wang Ling could already see the three "sheaths 3 " in Senior Immortal's hands as he came up the stairs...

3(The Chinese word 套子 is also used colloquially to refer to condoms ..) Well...

They were actually sword scabbards.

But Luo Chuang's descriptions of them were so dirty that it was impossible not to take it the wrong way.

Wang Ling thought he had still been a pretty pure person before entering Number 60 High.

Now, he had been led astray!

Almost every class would have several kings of being dirty. In their Grade One, Class Three, for example, their biggest king was Guo Hao. Apart from gossip, what this guy most like to do was talk dirty, frequently switching gears abruptly and catching people off-guard.

When he entered the room, Lord Thunder placed the scabbards on Wang Ling's desk and saw that Wang Ling was researching something.

"What is Brother Ling looking for?" Lord Thunder asked.

"Little Master is looking for information on a scabbard, woof." Lying on the ground, Er Ha yawned lazily.

Lord Thunder: "Sure enough, Brother Luo's three scabbards aren't good enough..."

"Little Master said it wasn't good to discourage him, so he took them, woof."

Saying this, Er Ha sighed. "Actually, it isn't a problem with the scabbards. Luo Chuang even used his family's ancestral Amitayus wood; it's very clear to see how committed he is. However, it isn't easy to make Lord Jingke stay quietly in the scabbard. If you don't believe me, want to try putting him in one?"

Lord Thunder nodded. He randomly picked up the tight scabbard and tried to approach Jingke, but then felt a strong resistance; he couldn't get close at all, let alone stick Jingke into the scabbard.

"See that?" Er Ha said, "Lord Jingke is used to being naked, so he isn't used to being in a scabbard. His relationship with the scabbard is like Pikachu's relationship with the pokeball: you can't force him to go in."

Lord Thunder: "..."

Er Ha: "But Little Master Ling also said that Lord Jingke can only demonstrate his true power with a scabbard."

Lord Thunder: "Why aren't you saying 'woof' anymore, Brother Dog?"

Er Ha: "Screw 'woof'... Even after being a dog for such a long time, it still feels more comfortable to croak."

Lord Thunder: "..."

...

Wang Ling hadn't decided to look for Jingke's scabbard on the spur of the moment - it was something he had thought of for a long time already, and he had planned to use his free time during the summer break to do so. Whether a scabbard was custom-made or modified, it definitely wouldn't be as good as the original.

Luo Chuang had used Amitayus wood as the main material to custom make the scabbards, but at most they could only be used as spares. What Wang Ling was looking for now was Jingke's original scabbard from back then.

Everyone knew that Jingke was a peach wood sword which Father Wang had bought at the flower and bird market for 998 HNY.

It was just that Jingke hadn't awoken back then.

Jingke's origins had always been a mystery. Wang Ling had quietly investigated many leads all these years, and the only thing he had confirmed was Jingke's identity as "Lord of sword spirits," while there was very little on Jingke's origins. Even the sword spirits who called Jingke His Majesty Lord of Swords didn't know why they kowtowed to him.

According to the sword spirit of Evil Sword God's Heaven-Cleaving sword, his panic back then had purely been involuntary... when he sensed Jingke's formidable power, he blurted out "Your Majesty Lord of Swords" for no reason, like a knee-jerk reaction.

Thus, for these sword spirits, it was like the people of a kingdom genuflecting to their king.

It just felt natural.

Puzzling over this, Wang Ling was at that moment flipping through Book of Sage Immortal for information.

He was looking at information from ten years ago. Father Wang couldn't quite remember the moment he bought Jingke. He didn't even have an invoice, and only had a rough idea.

Thus, Wang Ling could only have Book of Sage Immortal do a rough search for when Father Wang had gone to the flower and bird market.

He had to investigate the background of the flower and bird market as well as the vendor who sold Jingke to Father Wang back then - he would start his search at the source, to help Jingke find his scabbard.





Chapter 896 Shop Number 83


Saturday, August 19th.

It was the thirteenth day of the summer vacation.

Zhuo Yi was in an unusually good mood today, for his cheap shifu Wang Ling had invited him to accompany Wang Ling to that flower and bird market from over ten years ago to look for clues on the scabbard.

Wang Ling had already checked out the vendor who sold swords and scabbards - the market stalls all had numbers, and the shop that sold swords was still in operation.

Zhuo Yi drove the two of them there. As they entered the shop, they saw a silk banner at the entrance with the words 'Ten Years Gold Class Shop' on it. The flower and bird market had changed tremendously in the last ten years, so for the shop to survive this long was truly remarkable.

Wang Ling walked behind Zhuo Yi. He wore a blue hooded sweater and his hands were in his pockets, the lack of expression on his face making him look unhappy. The truth, however, was that this was his normal appearance, which Zhuo Yi was already used to.

It was very easy to tell whether his shifu was angry or not: he just needed to see if his shifu's dead fish eyes had gotten smaller. If his pupils contracted, that meant he was angry... To blunt his anger, you had to prepare crispy noodle snacks for times like these - one crispy noodle snack packet could be used for every micron Wang Ling's pupils shrank.

You couldn't give him less, but he'd be haughty if you gave him more...

Zhuo Yi felt that he was the only one who could make his shifu's pupils return to normal.

"Is the boss in?" Zhuo Yi was wearing his work uniform as usual and looked like an elite.

"Welcome, are you buying something? Our boss just went out to get some things, and will be back soon. My name is Ling Huan." The person who received them was a shop assistant. Zhuo Yi and Wang Ling were their first customers today, so Ling Huan smiled very happily.

Wang Ling looked around and realized that the shop specialized in selling magic artifacts for exorcism; various kinds of exorcism artifacts lined the walls or were displayed in cabinets.

Wang Ling still remembered when Teacher Pan taught them the basic techniques for summoning and releasing ghosts in her Dao talisman class at the beginning of the semester. Whether it was summoning or releasing them, they had in fact only touched the surface.

Golden Core universities offered specialized exorcism majors with specialized courses on summoning and releasing ghosts.

"Ours is an established shop in this flower and bird market, specializing in exorcism and fair bargains. Let me give you a brief introduction!"

This shop assistant Ling Huan was very friendly, and he pointed to the counter at the very front. "See the peach wood sword, yellow talisman, wooden fish and candle under the glass? These items were used back then by the king at controlling vampires, Mr Zheng Ying 1 , who bought them in our shop! While they might be obsolete now, our shop bought them back at a high price and exhibit them here as our crowning glory."

1(Possibly a reference to the Taoist priest in the Chinese movie "Mr Vampire .. ") "Are they for sale?" Zhuo Yi raised his eyebrows.

"No."

Ling Huan shook his head and said righteously, "Our shop's most precious treasure is not for sale."

"Ten million HNY." Zhuo Yi raised one finger.

Ling Huan took a deep breath. "WeChat... or Alipay?"

Wang Ling: "..."

Zhuo Yi: "Where's your integrity?"

Ling Huan sighed and said resentfully, "How can we survive on integrity nowadays to make a living?!"

"Are you the only one here besides the boss?" Zhuo Yi asked. Not wanting to dampen the boy's enthusiasm, Zhuo Yi took five hundred HNY out of his pocket and put it in Ling Huan's as a tip.

Ling Huan was fired up once again and his tone changed. "Hahaha! Indeed, it's just me, and I just look after the shop for the boss. But I've worked here for a long time! I'm the only shop assistant the boss has. Our boss is pretty busy and normally has to go out to perform exorcisms."

Zhuo Yi nodded and straightaway took out a photo of Jingke from his pocket. "Have you ever seen this peach wood sword? It was bought from your shop ten years ago."

Ling Huan's face instantly turned serious. "Ten years... that's past its warranty. Our shop's policy is that products cannot be returned after ten minutes of purchase! In the case of unexpected damage, you need to produce proof that it was an accident!"

"..." Wang Ling and Zhuo Yi sucked in their breaths.

How unscrupulous!

Zhuo Yi: "I'm not here to return it, I just want to ask where this peach wood sword came from. Since it was your shop that sold it, do you know its origins? When it was purchased back then, it didn't have a scabbard, and we're looking for clues on it."

"That's all?"

Ling Huan breathed a sigh of relief, but then frowned. "Ten years ago, our shop wasn't in the habit of giving our products serial numbers; we recorded all the purchases and sales of our goods by hand. Ten years ago... your peach wood sword would have been a popular exorcism product! Back then, peach wood swords were all the rage thanks to Mr Zheng Ying, and a good peach wood sword would have sold for a sky-high price in the market."

"Do you still have the written record? I want to take a look," Zhuo Yi said.

"Unfortunately, there was a big fire in our shop five years ago, and all our handwritten invoices burned."

Ling Huan spread his hands and looked carefully at the photo provided by Zhuo Yi. "This peach wood sword is in an old style, but we should still have some in our old warehouse. If you want, I can go take a look."

"998 HNY for one?" Zhuo Yi asked.

"That was ten years ago."

Ling Huan said, "It's 9.9 HNY now."

Wang Ling: "..."

Zhuo Yi: "..."

Ling Huan: "Since going out of fashion, peach wood swords are just preschool toys now, and are basically sold to kindergartens as teaching aids to help kids in the middle and top kindergarten classes to develop an interest in spirit swords."

While Ling Huan was explaining the situation, a middle-aged uncle with mushroom hair stepped into the shop. He was as big and tall as a massive bear, and Wang Ling was completely covered in his shadow.

"Boss," Ling Huan greeted the huge figure.

Seeing that the boss had returned, Zhuo Yi was about to ask the boss a question - who knew that when the boss saw Zhuo Yi, his face actually turned pale. "Damn! It's a cop!"

Zhuo Yi: "???"

Wang Ling: "..."

After that, the boss swung his arm, which was like a steel cannon, and aimed a punch at Zhuo Yi's face.

Want me to help?

Wang Ling gazed at Zhuo Yi and asked the question telepathically in a light tone.

"For a petty thing like this, there's no need for shifu to lift a finger..." Zhuo Yi snorted. As he stepped forward, his arteries bulged like earthworms, and streams of spirit energy burst forth from his body to coalesce in the sky and actually form... a giant raccoon!

"Raccoon Licking Dog Limitless Punch!"

The raccoon made out of spirit qi just stuck out its tongue to block the boss's punch.

Wang Ling gazed at this raccoon with rapt attention and actually couldn't help applauding on the side... This self-created boxing technique was so brilliant!





Chapter 897 Exorcism Convention


It had to be said that Zhuo Yi had really come into his own. Wang Ling was blown away by this brilliant Raccoon Licking Dog Limitless Punch.

After coming to his senses, Wang Ling was in a very good mood - it felt like the depression of idling away at home during the summer break had been swept away by this move. However, he was as expressionless as ever. It could only be said, as expected of Zhuo Yi as his disciple. This was indeed a promising talent; taking Zhuo Yi in as his disciple back then hadn't been in vain.

The shopkeeper looked astonished when he realized that his punch had been blocked. He was the first to attack, but the other party's reaction was very quick. Before he could fully demonstrate his strength, the other party had already stopped him.

Actually, Zhuo Yi wasn't as strong as the shopkeeper, and his strength was purely thanks to Wang Ling giving him upgraded equipment previously. Despite their ordinary appearance, the leather fingerless gloves which Zhuo Yi was wearing weren't any common thing.

Wang Ling had made the gloves with the leather from his family's "genuine leather sofa." He had also enchanted this leather sofa, which now had the ability to automatically regenerate its leather, so it was fine for Wang Ling to cut off some of the leather material.

But it took time for the leather to regenerate, so Wang Ling could only cut out a piece from an inconspicuous spot, otherwise Father Wang would thrash him.

The shopkeeper broke out in a cold sweat. He had always been the impulsive sort. His punch hadn't been successful, but he knew he was now guilty of attacking a police officer. He stared heavily at Zhuo Yi. "Go ahead, cop, how much do you want?"

"Is there some misunderstanding... I'm not here for money."

Zhuo Yi felt that the shopkeeper had definitely misunderstood him - actually calling him "cop" to his face...

"I know I was wrong. I was too impulsive and attacked an officer. I'll pay however much you want - let's settle it quietly." The shopkeeper cracked his knuckles.

Zhuo Yi sweated. "I'm not a cop... You didn't attack one..."

It looked like the man recognized him, but he seemed a little biased.

"You're not a cop?" The shopkeeper was unconvinced and looked Zhuo Yi up and down with a suspicious expression. "During the demon rampage six years ago, you were the one who defeated the demon king, weren't you? Several months ago, you were the one who caught the Old Devil, weren't you? That biggest dark force Immortal Mansion fell because of you, and you also played a key role in the capture of Evil Sword God. I've seen you on TV, there's no mistake."

Wang Ling: "..."

Zhuo Yi: "..."

Erm...

For a moment, Zhuo Yi felt like he couldn't defend himself at all.

First of all, he really wasn't a police officer...

But...

He indeed was the one who had caught those people...

Zhuo Yi dropped his forehead into his hand and felt like there was no way to explain it.

There were too many things nowadays that couldn't be explained - this was how the Yellow River was washed yellow 1 ...

1(This is adapted from the colloquial phrase 'Even jumping into the Yellow River won't wash you clean,' meaning that there's nothing a person can do to remove whatever stigma is on him ..) Sorting out his chaotic thoughts, Zhuo Yi looked embarrassed as he opened his mouth. "I'm not a police officer. I work for the General Administration of 100 Cultivation Schools, which is part of the Education Department... I'm not looking for trouble today. I just want to ask about the scabbard of a peach wood sword from ten years ago."

Saying this, Zhuo Yi brought the photo up on his phone.

The shopkeeper stared at the screen. He thought there were still more photos of the peach wood sword, so swiped across, only to suddenly see a selfie of Zhuo Yi and a customized human doll - furthermore, the doll... looked exactly like the other youngster in the shop!

Dazed, the shopkeeper seemed to realize something.

He quickly swiped back to the first photo and pretended that he hadn't seen anything.

It was deadly to know too many secrets nowadays!

The shopkeeper took a deep breath and quickly came back to the topic at hand. "Hmm... It was indeed my shop which sold this sword. I still remember - it was back when the peach wood sword cost 998 HNY, right?"

Both Wang Ling and Zhuo Yi were dumbfounded at the shopkeeper's amazing memory - that was over ten years ago!

Zhuo Yi: "Boss, how can you be so sure? Ling Huan said that all your shop receipts were lost in a fire."

"There's no mistake. Ten years ago, I was running on a shoestring budget, and I made this sword myself. While the receipt is gone, I remember the pattern on this wooden sword."

The shopkeeper was melancholy as he looked at the photo. "This was a love token I was going to give to my fiancée back then. After I finished making the sword, I was going to propose to her three days later on the bank of Pubei River, but she didn't keep our appointment. Not only that, she never appeared again after that."

Hearing this, Wang Ling and Zhuo Yi were silent.

It looked like this shopkeeper was also a man with a story.

The shopkeeper: "I remember it very clearly. When she didn't show up, I looked for her for a very long time before I gave up. That was when I was feeling depressed, which is why I sold it for so cheap at 998 HNY. This sword is made of solid wood, and would have been of the best quality back then.

"In those days, peach wood swords sold like hot cakes, and to save on wood costs, merchants started to make hollow peach wood swords and fill them with sand."

Wang Ling and Zhuo Yi: "..."

The shopkeeper gave the phone back to Zhuo Yi. "Why are you asking about this sword?"

"We want to know where its scabbard is."

"I put the scabbard away. My fiancée was a carpenter; she made the scabbard and I made the sword. Only by combining the two would the peach wood sword be complete. This was our mutual love token. Do you want to buy the scabbard?"

The shopkeeper waved his hands. "After so many years, I still haven't found any news on my fiancée; there's no meaning in me keeping the scabbard. I can even give it to you for free. But, I have one condition."

Zhuo Yi smiled lightly. "Let us hear it."

"Business is poor, and my shop won't stay open for much longer. You know, my Shop Number 83 is the oldest in the whole flower and bird market." The shopkeeper said sadly, "This is a family legacy which I can't give up so easily. Thus, I signed up for the exorcism competition this year. There is a prize, which will be enough for me to expand my shop twenty times and revamp it a hundred times over."

Zhuo Yi: "So?"

"There are a lot of experts at the exorcism convention this year. My chances of winning are very low. I want you to take part with me in the exorcism competition! Since you were able to apprehend the Old Devil, the Master of Immortal Mansion and that Evil Sword God, I believe you aren't weak."

Saying this, the shopkeeper gave Wang Ling a look. "Is that pretty boy behind you your disciple? A youngster's skills should be pretty good. Then, he can also take part. It just so happens that each group which signs up for the exorcism competition has to have four members; just nice, the four of us can form a team."

Wang Ling: "..."

Zhuo Yi: "Boss, may I ask, what is your name?"

"Jin Ke."

"..."

"Jin from gold, Ke from section chief."

"..."





Chapter 898 Sweep the Top Three Spots!


When the shopkeeper gave his name, Wang Ling realized that fate was indeed a very mystical thing. The destinies of different people were entwined together, and there were times when that fate ran deep. Back when Wang Ling had named Jingke, it wasn't as if he knew the shopkeeper's name; who would have thought they would actually be homonyms... A comedian who looked like a tea egg once scolded loudly on a program: Anyone who makes a joke about homonyms will be fined 1 !

1(Refers to Li Dan ("dan" being a homonym for "egg") on the Chinese talk show "Storyman.") After confirming their team of four, Boss Jin started to explain how the modern exorcism competition worked as well as points of note.

"You're not in our line of work. While you might have heard about the exorcism competition, I don't think you know the details, so let me briefly explain them."

Boss Jin took out his laptop - there was a PPT on it which his former teammates from previous years had made. Teams of four participated in the exorcism competition each year, and you had to look for teammates yourself. Boss Jin hadn't ranked very well in the last few years - he found the "demon," but ultimately wasn't the one to destroy it... instead, he wasted time making wedding robes for other people 2 .

2(From a Chinese seven-line poem, which refers to someone whose hard work is in service to other people and not themselves.) "The full name of the exorcism competition is the Modern Exorcism and Spirit Banishing Competition. We live in a world that produces new demons and ghosts every year. These things are either made up of lasting resentment or complex negative emotions. They linger on earth, constantly affecting the daily lives of people."

Boss Jin said, "This is now an age of national cultivation, where even a Foundation Establishment high school student can easily dispose of some earthbound or simple malicious spirits. Professional exorcism is gradually waning, hence the reason for the exorcism competition.

"The prizes for the exorcism competition continue to increase every year. Everyone participating in the exorcism competition has to form teams prior to the start of the competition. If you don't have enough people, you need to let the competition organisers know."

"Does it have to be four?" Zhuo Yi asked.

"The best is four, to fill all the spots in your team." Boss Jin frowned and said, "That's because the devils we have to exorcise in the exorcism competition are all very powerful! They can kill people! At least one of the four should be a medic!"

Wang Ling and Zhuo Yi: "..."

Saying this, Boss Jin clicked on the next slide. "Every year before the start of the exorcism competition, the competition committee will collect information on unusual activity from various cities and will put the data together half a year beforehand. They'll put together a list of demons which are generally recognized to be the most difficult to deal with, and which give different reward points. The group with the highest number of accumulated points after forty-eight hours is the winner."

Boss Jin was done giving a general overview of the situation, and finally came to the real issue: the prize money. The prize pool for the exorcism competition this year was one billion HNY.

For a lot of enlightened cultivators, this sum might be nothing, but for most cultivators... one billion HNY wasn't a small number - even Wang Ling's heart itched at this amount.

But this prize money was doomed to never be his. The rule in the Wang family was that Wang Ling couldn't use his powers beyond his status as a student to win any sort of money. Otherwise, Father Wang wouldn't need to work so hard to churn out words, and could have become the richest man in the world long ago...

But Wang Ling also had nothing to lose.

After all, cooperating with Boss Jin was a win-win situation.

Boss Jin wanted to preserve his ancestral legacy, while Wang Ling's goal wasn't the prize money, but Jingke's original scabbard.

For this year's exorcism competition -

The group with the most points would get 600 million HNY.

The group in second place would get 200 million HNY.

The group in third place would get 100 million HNY.

The remaining 100 million HNY would be distributed to the rest of the groups based on their points ranking.

Staring at the list, Zhuo Yi thought for a while, then asked Boss Jin, "Are sign-ups still open for the competition?"

"You can register right up until the official start of the competition. But why do you ask?"

"I'm wondering if I should get a few of my friends to form groups so that we can take the top three spots."

"..."

Boss Jin wiped at his sweat. "There are numerous experts in the exorcism competition this year. Even if your friends take part, they may not be able to beat them... When all is said and done, they're not professional exorcists, while basically all the groups are each led by a professional exorcist, and the other three members are recruited in other ways..."

"It's just ghost hunting; anyone who has gone through university will more or less have done a course on it," Zhuo Yi said. "A so-called professional exorcist is just a regular person who has an extra certificate. As the saying goes, a random blow can kill an old master 3 ; as long as the lineup is strong enough, anything is possible. In any case, the money will be all yours. What's there for you to be unhappy about?"

3(I.e. Don't take things for granted as the unexpected can still happen ..) Boss Jin opened his mouth, but in the end swallowed his words. He felt that Zhuo Yi was a little presumptuous. Although the latter was indeed very strong and had captured a number of internationally wanted criminals... each field was singularly unique, and exorcism absolutely wasn't as simple as Zhuo Yi imagined.

Because this exorcism competition covered the whole country! Once the competition started, all the groups had to search the entire nation for the ghosts on the list and get rid of them.

Hence, in past competitions, sometimes the hardest part wasn't destroying the ghosts, but finding them.

How could you win the competition if you couldn't even find a ghost? Moreover, these strong ghosts were intelligent - when they encountered someone a little stronger, they would be too afraid to come out.

It was in moments like these that a professional exorcist was needed.

Professional exorcists had thousands of ways to draw demons and ghosts out, which was one of their professional abilities.

"Do as you like. In any case, I just need to rank in the top three." While Boss Jin didn't think much about Zhuo Yi's suggestion, he still waved his hand and let Zhuo Yi pull people in and do as he pleased.

Actually, Zhuo Yi wasn't doing this all for Boss Jin.

The Office of Strategic Deception hadn't been established for long, but all the teams had basically been busy with all sorts of different things and didn't seem to have done anything together as an overall group. Thus, using this competition to foster a harmonious atmosphere among the executive members and to cultivate a sense of teamwork would be very important!

At that thought, Zhuo Yi called Lord Thunder right away.

Several minutes later, the executive members of the Office of Strategic Deception received their groupings from Lord Thunder.

Lord Thunder, Er Ha, Dharmaraja and Luo Chuang were in one group.

Fang Xing, Xiao Yin, Cailian Zhenren and Immortal Toya were in one group.

The goal — to sweep the top three!

What Wang Ling didn't know...

Was that elsewhere, Wang Zhen, Liu Qingyi and Gu Shunzhi had also signed up for this competition...

But these three people didn't plan to find another teammate, and intended to do their own thing...





Chapter 899 A Gathering of Bigwigs At the Exorcism Convention


Sunday, August 27th.

It was the fourteenth day of the summer vacation.

The exorcism convention's competition would officially start on August 28th, which was tomorrow. After Zhuo Yi got the teams sorted out last night, everyone agreed to go to the pre-competition group registration.

The Songhai Modern Exorcism Center was a building that looked like an ostrich egg, and there was a reason why it had been built on this site. It was said that a thousand years ago, a major ghost who plagued the earth had been eliminated on the spot where the Modern Exorcism Center was situated... This major ghost could take human form at will, and disguised itself most often as a plumber; it had a special hobby of eating mushrooms and used a wrench as its weapon.

At that moment, Wang Ling and his party arrived at the entrance of the exorcism center. Wang Ling raised his eyes lazily and saw a glass cabinet in the center of the exorcism center's reception hall, which held a wrench stained with green blood.

This was the weapon used by that major ghost back then... For some reason, Wang Ling felt that it looked a little familiar...

When Zhuo Yi had still been the deputy director, he had actually come to the exorcism center before because of work. Some of the low-level leaders who worked at the exorcism center had called him and requested his help with their children's schooling.

But rather than call it a request, it was more like a threat, and their manner of speaking had been very unpleasant. They had even taken out gifts and insisted that Zhuo Yi accept them.

Zhuo Yi was a man of integrity, and absolutely wouldn't agree to this sort of shady deal. He rejected the requests of these parents on the spot.

He still remembered that when he left the exorcism center back then, these low-level leaders had been furious and even said that they would get their friends from other departments to "impeach" Zhuo Yi and remove him from office.

Who would have thought that his luck would change, and he would be promoted to Director... Furthermore, he was also Huaxiu Alliance's council representative. These low-level officials from back then could no longer threaten him.

But that was a long time ago, and Zhuo Yi reckoned that these people might have already transferred to other parts in fear that he would retaliate in revenge.

They waited at the entrance for a bit, and a moment later, the two teams led by Lord Thunder and Fang Xing respectively also arrived.

But upon tacit agreement, they didn't speak to each other, and merely confirmed that they had all arrived before they entered the Modern Exorcism Center.

Their goal was to sweep the top three spots, so it wasn't a good idea to let the others see them interact with each other. Hence, before coming here, Lord Thunder had prepared masks for everyone, including Wang Ling and Zhuo Yi, to hide their appearances.

Luo Chuang had worked through the night to make these masks, which also had an anti-penetration layer to prevent other people from using their power of sight to perceive who they were.

The only one that couldn't be hidden was Er Ha...

Er Ha also wore a mask, but it wasn't any damn use, because that eye-catching green fur was really too conspicuous! Coupled with that wagging tail that couldn't be hidden... Wang Ling didn't think Er Ha needed to wear a mask.

But speaking of which, Er Ha had recently been cultivating diligently. It shouldn't be long before it could turn into a human - who knew what Er Ha would look like after it officially took on a human form...

Actually, it was normal to wear masks in the exorcism competition. Most people participated in the form of small groups, which were led by professional exorcists, and many of these cultivators were temp workers hired by the exorcists. Naturally, they had to hide their identities.

Another reason was that the prize money was a massive sum, so protecting yourself would give you some peace of mind - it was like wearing a mask to accept your prize after winning the lottery.

Boss Jin rested one thick and solid arm on the registration table as he said in a clear and enigmatic voice, "I'm here to sign up. Our team has the maximum four members."

Boss Jin didn't wear a mask. He was from the old generation of exorcists, and was a familiar person in the circle.

"Boss Jin, are you signing up again?" The young lady at the front desk who was in charge of registration was also an old worker at the exorcism center. She was all smiles as Boss Jin handed her a folder, which contained the personal information of the four people.

Naturally, the entire registration process was confidential.

The young lady's slender fingers danced across the keyboard as she checked the data, but when she keyed in the information of the fourth person, she stared blankly.

Because this was Wang Ling's profile.

"Underage?" the young lady cried out as she looked up at Boss Jin, drawing strange stares from the countless people around them.

"Boss Jin... according to the rules of the exorcism center, minors aren't allowed to compete, unless they have documented permission from a parent or a relevant authority."

"I know that." Boss Jin looked at her and wiped at his sweat. "Please check the information again..."

The young lady carefully flipped through the folder and then realized that there really was a document.

Furthermore, it was issued by the General Administration of 100 Schools! The document even had its official seal...

"Ah! I'm so sorry! I didn't see it just now..." The young lady quickly stood up and apologized.

After a few minutes, all the data had been keyed in.

The lady handed the folder back to Boss Jin. "Good luck with your exorcism! You'll receive the latest exorcism ranking list on your phones in a short while, and you can discuss which demons or ghosts you want to tackle.

"The exorcism center will send the action plan to your phones later via text. The competition will kick off officially at midnight tomorrow, so team members, please be ready beforehand."

"Thank you." Boss Jin nodded.

Just as he was about to put away the folder, an exorcist led his teammates over from afar.

He was a middle-aged man, about the same age as Boss Jin, with a large mole on his chin that had several black hairs sticking out of it.

The man also wasn't wearing a mask and looked like a veteran exorcist.

"I haven't seen you in so long. How are you, Boss Jin? You lost consecutively in the last few exorcism conventions - I would have thought you would be too ashamed to attend this year." When the man spoke, a lot of people instantly turned to look at him.

"It's Mr Fang!"

"Mr Fang? The runner-up at the last exorcism competition?"

This "Mr Fang" was clearly very famous.

Plenty of people kicked up a discussion.

Listening to them in passing, Wang Ling found out that Boss Jin and Mr Fang had a history. Mr Fang had ruthlessly taken advantage of Boss Jin last year — Boss Jin found a ghost and had been about to eliminate it when his kill was suddenly stolen...

When all was said and done, Wang Ling hadn't been involved and didn't know exactly what had happened last year. He also didn't want to get involved. In any case, he just needed to help Boss Jin win the competition this year.

Boss Jin also couldn't be bothered to talk to this Mr Fang. He pretended he didn't see the other party and was planning to leave right away, but was stopped by Mr Fang after taking just one step.

Mr Fang chuckled, a taunting expression on his face. "I heard that Boss Jin has a minor in his team this year? I never thought our Boss Jin would already be in such dire straits that he has to use child labor..."

In a flash.

Before Boss Jin could respond, tremendous spiritual pressure was already pushing down on Mr Fang from all quarters...

Thunder, Fang Xing, Xiao Yin, Er Ha, Zhuo Yi, Immortal Toya, Cailian Zhenren... This was a spiritual pressure combo from all the members of the Office of Strategic Deception!

Moreover, when everyone from the Office of Strategic Deception heard Mr Fang's provocation, they were extraordinarily united in heart.

Six words summed it up — diss the group favorite and die!





Chapter 900 Divide and Conquer


Even Wang Ling himself never expected everyone to be so united in their reaction, let alone Mr Fang... Initially, everyone just wanted to intimidate Mr Fang by releasing a bit of their spiritual pressure to psych him out - who would have thought that all that spiritual pressure would instantly overlay each other at the same time, directly causing Mr Fang to foam at the mouth and pass out on the spot...

What an unlucky child.

Wang Ling sighed inwardly.

Right after that, he realized that he wasn't focusing on the right thing.

He felt that he should be focusing on when he had become the group favorite...

"Spiritual pressure concussion..."

On the other side, the exorcism center's first aid medical staff who had hurried over wiped their sweat.

Spiritual pressure concussion was the hardest injury to determine a cause for, so it could only be said that this Mr Fang who had been knocked out was just unlucky!

Before the competition officially began, a strong contender for the championship had been knocked out of the ring!

Boss Jin was an impulsive person; he was a man who would attack a problem with his fists before clarifying a situation, like when he had tried to punch Zhuo Yi the moment he entered the shop. In fact, he wasn't a bad person.

He had offended many people over the years because of his hot temper. Mr Fang had been one of them, and this was the root cause of Boss Jin's defeat in last year's competition.

Mr Fang was someone who held very deep grudges. He had been planning to do the same thing this year, to watch Boss Jin and then steal his kill - he had never expected his badmouthing to send him straight to the hospital.

It would take at least half a month for him to recover.

After what happened to Mr Fang, everyone else at the exorcism center who harbored ill intent toward Boss Jin held back.

Boss Jin had imposing momentum this year...

The group members he had enlisted looked much more reliable than the three teammates who only knew how to watch on the sideline last year!

...

After registering and leaving the exorcism center in the afternoon, Boss Jin asked everyone to gather at his shop for a meeting. The Good Looks group sent Fang Xing as its representative, while the Human-Beast group sent Er Ha (Note: [Human-Beast Group] Lord Thunder, Er Ha, Dharmaraja and Luo Chuang. [Good Looks Group] Fang Xing, Xiao Yin, Cailian Zhenren and Immortal Toya.]).

Boss Jin didn't recognize Fang Xing or Er Ha, so when they appeared at the door, he couldn't help sighing in his heart. Since they were qualified to represent their groups at this meeting, this should be an indication of the fighting strength of the other two groups...

No matter how he looked at them, Boss Jin didn't think they were reliable.

Fang Xing was too young, and appeared sunny, handsome and artless; it wasn't going to be so easy dealing with those cunning demons and ghosts. As for the green-furred dog... Even if it was a spirit beast, it couldn't even take a human form. How strong could it be? Were they supposed to use it as a stage prop to create melodrama 1 ?

1(The Chinese word for "melodrama" literally translates to "dog blood .. ") Muttering in his heart, Boss Jin sat down and said, "Thank you for coming to this meeting today... Today's meeting is mainly about assigning the battle tasks."

As Boss Jin spoke, everyone, including Wang Ling, played on their phones...

Boss Jin was no stranger to this situation. After all, this was basically what happened when friends got together nowadays; they would clearly be sitting together, but would all be looking at their phones.

There was a sense of guilt attached to the phone, which created another communication barrier between people. Without their phones, many people didn't even know how to converse anymore.

At that moment, the core administration of the Office of Strategic Deception -

Were chatting enthusiastically.

ID: Dog Who Wants Little Master To Stroke Its Fur (Er Ha): "It's a good thing all of you didn't come. This meeting is so boring it's making me sleepy!"

ID: I Love Broccoli (Lord Thunder): "Thank you, Brother Dog, for attending the meeting. After all, Boss Jin is the leader of the operation this time. Everyone be patient for now, for the sake of Lord Jingke's scabbard! Also, we have to give Boss Jin face and not discourage him as leader. What's happening now in the meeting?"

ID: Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch's Fanboy (Fang Xing): "Boss Jin is talking about the exorcism ranking list. The strongest devil this year has the code name Pen Fairy; eliminating it will directly give you one million points. Pen Fairy usually haunts Funan, but its exact location is unknown. Boss Jin says that it's very ferocious and difficult to hunt down as it can hide its spiritual body in any type of pen. It's exceptionally sneaky and uses a pen to kill people without a sound...

"Second devil: Man-Eating Dove, worth eight hundred thousand points. This dove supposedly had a date with its girlfriend back then, but was stood up. It died in a fit of rage and ultimately turned into a devil with plenty of grievances; more than one hundred couples have already died under its claws this year.

"Third devil: Lemon Gremlin, worth five hundred thousand points. According to Boss Jin, Lemon Gremlin has a formidable corrosive ability that can cause even the body of a Soul Formation cultivator to easily fall apart; it's truly amazing."

ID: I Love Master (Xiao Yin): "So are these three devils stronger than the prison mahjong trio?"

ID: Shifu Is Mine (Zhuo Yi): "Of course not! The devils selected for the exorcism competition in past years were for the most part hard to find as they are very secretive. But to tell you the truth, the three devils may not be as strong as one slap from shifu . Don't you think so, shifu ?"

"..."

Wang Ling wasn't following the chat at all.

He was just staring at the IDs of this bunch of people, lost in deep thought.

...

Each devil had its own fixed target and MO. For example, most of the people Pen Fairy had killed this year were Foundation Establishment high school students. Actually, it wasn't strong overall, but it was superb at hiding.

The reason why it was at the top of the list this time was purely because the parents of the high school students whom Pen Fairy had killed had joined hands to decry this notorious devil and push it into the spotlight.

As Fang Xing had already said in the group, Man-Eating Dove targeted couples. But to be exact, it was couples who were openly lovey-dovey in public.

Finally, Lemon Gremlin's target was successful people in society who picked on the weak in particular...

For Wang Ling, these three devils were all boring challenges.

If it wasn't for Jingke, he wouldn't even bother to do anything to them.

In Shop Number 83, Boss Jin looked at his watch and then said, "It's almost midnight. I've already booked the plane tickets to Funan. We can head out now. It's half an hour from here to the airport. The flight is at two in the morning."

"That Pen Fairy is very hard to find! I heard that a group has already reached Funan! We must hurry!" The shop assistant Ling Huan next to Boss Jin had already done the preparations, and was carrying all kinds of magic artifacts for exorcism.

However, the group of people in front of them didn't react at all, and were still staring at their phones...

"What are you doing? Do as I say!" Boss Jin was worried.

They still didn't make a sound...

Wang Ling's eyes were fixed on the time on his phone.

It would be midnight in five seconds.

Five...

Four...

Three...

Two...

One...

...

The instant it turned midnight, Boss Jin received a text announcement on his phone from the exorcism center: The devil Pen Fairy at the top of the exorcism ranking list has been killed. The team with the kill: Team Jin Ke, awarded one million points.

Boss Jin stared at this text with an utterly stupefied look on his face.