Chapter 1201 Yi Zhiyang. 1 Sheep


No one thought that Sun Rong would take advantage of the heavy rain and use the power of Aohai's sword spirit to wield the sword energy from a distance to annihilate the enemy. Although not everyone was eliminated in the end.

So on the eighth day, there were 12 people left on the field.

Number 60 High School occupies 6 people.

The remaining six people are: Nan Yixiu from Nanhai Tianzhong, Siyan who had previously worked with Wang Zhen, Zhu Hanyun from Taitan High School, Yan Xiaochun, a junior student from the same school, Tang Jingze from Number 59 High School and Jian Shen College. Captain Yi Zhiyang.

Everyone in Number 60 High School knows more or less about other people. However, this Yi Zhiyang from Jian Shen College. His origin makes people curious.

"What kind of school is Jian Shen College?" Chen Chao touched his head. He felt confused.

"My uncle seemed to have mentioned it to me. This is the newly established Xiuzhen High School in Jinghua City. I didn't expect that this young school would participate in the national competition for the first time and someone would be shortlisted... But this is Yi Zhiyang. I don't know who it is." There are too many students participating. Even if there are too many uncles, it is impossible for everyone to remember them clearly.

The key is that Jian Shen Academy was not originally on Principal Chen's watch list. Now one person suddenly broke out. This surprised all the contestants from the school.

If the game hasn't started yet, maybe Guo Hao can learn Yi Zhiyang's identity through other means. But now he is in the game after all. Even if he has tricks off the field, he can't use them openly.

Command center. Huang Lao sips hot tea. He is wrapped in a thick quilt. This quilt is a special magic weapon. Wrapped around the body, it can expel coldness and strengthen the body...

This is the real Huang Lao.

Previously, he was trapped in a cold pool in a stalactite cave. His whole body was frozen into ice.

"Teacher, are you feeling better?" President Qi asked with concern.

"It's gotten better already." Mr. Huang stared at Yi Zhiyang on the screen: "Speaking of which, could this person be..."

"The teacher's guess is absolutely correct." President Qi smiled and nodded.

The students at Jian Shen Academy are naturally experts in swordsmanship. Moreover, the leader of the team is also named Yi. Let me ask you about the swordsmanship in this world. How many people can be as good as the swordsman named Yi?

Mr. Huang carefully looked at Yi Zhiyang's appearance. Then he frowned again. He shook his head slightly and said through a message: "He doesn't look like him. And I remember that Yi Jianchuan is a thousand-year-old virgin." I don’t have a wife. When did such a big son appear?"

"Not my biological son." President Qi then smiled and replied using the sound transmission technique.

"This... belongs to the old man next door?" Huang Lao was shocked.

"The teacher is overthinking. This is a child that Old Yi picked up more than ten years ago. It is said that he was born with a sword bone. He thought he was a talent that could be made, so he adopted him as his adopted son."

So that’s it.

Huang Lao was relieved.

Now all the doubts in his mind were lifted.

In the middle of the night on the seventh day, the sword rain baptism led by Sun Rong directly eliminated most people. And among so many split screens in front of him, Huang Lao recognized the ones split in the corners of the screen at a glance. Yi Zhiyang.

At that time, Yi Zhiyang was sitting alone on the cliff, his white school uniform swaying in the wind. He did not wield any magic weapon. He just pulled out a handful of grass on the ground and integrated the sword intention into the grass. Using these grasses The strength formed a powerful sword screen. It withstood the baptism of Aohai's sword rain.

No one would have thought that on the last day of the competition, such a group of dark horses would appear.

...

Saturday, November 22nd. The eighth day of the National Cultivation School Physical Martial Arts Competition.

After discussion among the surviving students from each school, everyone unanimously decided that the final battle would be a one-on-one showdown on the Dome Mountain, with levels of advancement taking place.

The opponent of the duel is determined by drawing lots.

"Write the names of all the people from Number 60 High School on the slips of paper. How about each of the six of you draws one?" Nan Yixiu suggested.

"The six of you challenged the six of us from Number 60 High School? Then why don't you include your names together?" Chen Chao felt that this was unfair.

The original one-on-one duel was already the biggest concession Number 60 High School had made. Otherwise, based on the current situation, Number 60 High School could completely attack as a group and defeat them one by one. There was no need to schedule a duel on Dome Mountain.

The reason why he agreed to the one-to-one request is that Sun Rong was actually operating according to Principal Chen's instructions.

There is no other reason, the main reason is to save some face and consideration for other schools... If this is really a group push, the probability of other schools winning is extremely slim. Moreover, the one-on-one duel makes it easier to enjoy the competition, and Sun Rong especially likes this feeling.

But after all, this matter is not something Chen Chao can decide. During the process of leading the team, everything must obey the command of Sun Rong: "It doesn't matter one-on-one. The victory of this game is destined to belong to Number 60 High School. If this can be done If you are convinced, that's fine."

This decision was not made because Sun Rong was too arrogant and conceited. It was because she did have confidence in everyone at Number 60 High School.

After being baptized by her Aohai sword rain last night, almost everyone in other schools was exhausted. And they had no extra supplies to restore their aura and physical strength.

On the other hand, at Number 60 High School, because Sun Rong is constantly producing elixirs, everyone's spiritual energy, physical fitness, and mental state are relatively maintained at an excellent level.

So even if it's a one-on-one duel. Sun Rong feels that Number 60 High School still has the upper hand.

"Then it's a deal!" Nan Yixiu was excited when he heard Sun Rong agreed to the duel. He took out the bamboo sticks he had prepared in advance and put them in a bamboo tube for the six of them to draw. Bamboo sticks Written on it are the names of everyone at Number 60 High School.

"Classmate Tang and classmate Yi. You have the smallest number. You can be drawn first."

"Okay." Tang Jingze stepped forward and drew a card. The person he drew was Chen Chao. This made Tang Jingze a little disappointed. He actually wanted to fight Wang Ling.

Yi Zhiyang calmed down. He crossed his arms and said with a rather cold expression: "I don't need it. Just give me the rest after you finish it."

"Okay!" Nan Yixiu curled her lips.

After everyone draws.

The list of duels has also been finally determined.

First round promotion match.

Tang Jingze versus Guo Hao;

Yi Zhiyang versus Sun Rong;

Zhu Han Yun against Chen Chao;

Yan Xiaochun versus Li Youyue;

Four Eyes Duel in the South China Sea with Xia Ming.

And in the end, Nan Yixiu. The person drawn was Wang Ling.

In fact, all the draws were arranged by Nan Yixiu.

Nan Yixiu drew Wang Ling. It was also within Nan Yixiu's arrangement...

The one he drew was the classmate Wang Ling who was known as the Sixty Mascot...

A superior horse versus an inferior horse.

According to the rules of Tian Ji horse racing, Nan Yixiu feels that he has advanced to the first round. It is very stable!

Thinking of this, Nan Yixiu curled her lips. She was secretly happy: "Classmate Wang Ling. I'm sorry!"

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 1202 Chen Chao VS Zhu Hanyun


The duel draw is completed. The one-on-one contest officially begins. There are no other bells and whistles in the duel rules, because everyone has a protective golden talisman. As long as the life-saving effect of the protective golden talisman can be triggered, then the game is considered a victory.

At this moment, there are only 12 people left on Dome Mountain. But counting the members of the special forces patrolling nearby, the commanders of the command center, the principals of each school, and the netizens who have been following the live broadcast room for several days, there are a total of 12 people. Hundreds of millions of people are watching this national gymnastics competition.

The main reason why it can arouse such a wide range of attention and discussion is because this is a competition co-organized by Huaxiu Alliance and the most popular sect war and neglect bureau in the world. And the student who can survive to the last day is probably the one today. Jiaochu is one of the high school students in the Foundation Building of the Cultivation World. This has important reference significance for most parents in the Cultivation World when choosing schools in the future.

The first round matchup was between Zhu Hanyun from Titan High School and Chen Chao. The contest between the two muscular men seemed to be particularly interesting in this situation.

However, Guo Hao was not optimistic about the outcome of the battle: "Zhu Hanyun is the captain of Titan High School. Although he is physically exhausted, can Chen Chao win?" First of all, Zhu Hanyun's {Titan Kung Fu} will be good. It is already very difficult. Even if Chen Chao uses his spiritual sword to cut through the muscle density beyond that of ordinary people, it may not be able to penetrate it.

And the most important thing is. Now this is a one-on-one duel on the surface. Originally, the spirit sword was used in a chaotic survival situation. It can be used as a one-on-one fair duel. This made everyone's thoughts return. I can't help but return to the original theme of this national competition: physical skills.

If you still use the spirit sword in this situation, you will most likely be charged with a shameless crime that cannot be defeated.

He cannot use the spirit sword. He relies purely on physical skills to fight. Zhu Hanyun, who has practiced the Titan Technique and is famous for his physical skills, almost has a natural advantage.

However, knowing this, Chen Chao will also fight in this battle.

He is not a timid person. As a descendant of the Richao Budokan, Chen Chao knows that his father must also be paying attention to this game.

Looking at Zhu Hanyun who seemed to be extremely powerful in front of him, Chen Chao felt a little bitter, but his concentration was also raised to the extreme. Of course he knew how powerful Zhu Hanyun was. The opponent was in the first round. At that time, he used his power to transcend the ordinary Foundation Building stage. He turned himself into a cannon and launched the students of his school from the ground to the top of the tower one by one.

A total of 700,000 steps. Just jump over them.

This shocked Chen Chao greatly at the time.

While Chen Chao was thinking, Guo Hao's voice suddenly came from the court: "Chen Chao. Don't you like this kind of muscular man the most? Give him a hard time.! Who is afraid of whom? Forget it. Even if you can't win, you'll kill him!"

Chen Chao looked helpless.

Utilitarian milk is not advisable. Wang Ling also understands this very well. Chen Chao's open mouth can only be accurate when he speaks without any distracting thoughts.

On the other hand, Zhu Hanyun, who is also a muscle brother, seemed to be particularly enthusiastic about the word "breasts". The expression on his face gradually became excited: "Classmate Chen Chao, you want to breastfeed me? What a pity! Your breasts don't have mine." So big!"

As soon as he finished speaking, Zhu Han Yun punched Chen Chao from the spot like a cannonball. The realm between the two was the peak of the late Foundation Building. The gap in realm was zero. But in terms of skills, The advantages cannot be ignored.

I wish Han Yun’s punch both strength and speed are actually above the peak level of Foundation Building in the later period. It is almost infinitely close to the power of Golden Core in the early stage!

Any student of the same level might not be able to see the power of this punch! What’s more, this is not an ordinary punch!

Wang Ling can see that Zhu Hanyun's punch showed a wind and thunder entanglement during the impact. According to the backward calculation of Heavenly Dao spell, Zhu Hanyun's punch should be a skill called Wang Ling Feng Lei Zhen}'s third-level boxing-like spiritual skill.

It is amazing that a student in the Foundation Building stage can learn third-level spiritual skills. Although Zhu Hanyun seems to have just started.

However, this can still have a huge blessing effect on the power of ordinary physical punches. In a moment, the punch has arrived in front of Chen Chao. To everyone's surprise, Chen Chao did not dodge at all. His eyes were fixed on him. Zhu Hanyun's boxing path. Just when his fist was about to approach him, he suddenly measured his body position and used Qiao Jin's power to strike Zhu Hanyun's flank while turning sideways.

"This is...a pusher?"

Command center. The principals looked at this scene.

Chen Chao's pushing move was simple and unpretentious, with almost no modifications. However, Zhu Hanyun's extremely powerful blow seemed to hit a ball of cotton heavily.

"It's interesting. I actually thought of using four ounces of strength to deal with it." Huang Lao nodded in approval. He could see clearly here.

I wish Han Yun's punching speed is extremely fast. It is difficult to catch in the general Foundation Building stage. Push hands is not a complicated skill. However, unless it is applied in actual combat after years of hard training, it will be difficult to deal with the enemy. This is different from those who learn Just like those who think they have actual combat ability after acquiring a set of {Military Boxing}...learning and practicing are two different things.

Chen Chao can make quick judgments in such a short period of time. This kind of reaction ability can only be acquired after years of accumulation.

However, praise is praise. The outcome of this battle is still unpredictable in Huang Lao's opinion.

He could tell that Chen Chao had a lot of combat experience. This may be because Chen Chao grew up in a martial arts gym run by his family. The more he watched, learned more, and practiced more, he would naturally become more powerful. Ordinary people have richer practical experience.

But the opponent is the captain of Taitan High School. If he just wants to defeat the enemy with one push hand move, he would be underestimating Zhu Hanyun.

Although the first move failed, Zhu Hanyun was not discouraged. Instead, he became more courageous as he fought.

After predicting that Chen Chao would play a trick with him, Zhu Han Yun also quickly changed his boxing style.

If the initial [Feng Lei Zhen] was about explosive power, then the second set of boxing techniques [Huan Yu Liu] used by Zhu Han Yun now relies on attack speed.

Pushing hands with a weight of four or two pounds may have an unexpected effect in the face of explosive boxing. However, now Zhu Hanyun has transformed himself into an attack speed flow. Under such dense blows like raindrops, even if Chen Chao knows pushing hands, it will be of no avail. .

A sound like heavy rain rustled from the field. Every punch of Zhu Han Yun hit Chen Chao's body firmly...

"Are you going to lose?" Everyone at Number 60 High School looked nervous.

After the first round of attack, Chen Chao was beaten with bruises all over his face. He even lost one of his teeth. It looked like he had suffered extremely serious injuries.

But to everyone's surprise, Chen Chao's golden protective talisman was not triggered.

Under such an astonishing attack, the life-saving effect has not yet been triggered?

Everyone was stunned.

As long as the golden protective talisman is not triggered, it means that Chen Chao can continue to fight... This man's resilience even exceeds his opponent Zhu Hanyun's expectations.





Chapter 1203 The real mouth escape


After two rounds, Chen Chao seemed to have just been beaten. His face was swollen into a pig's head. His whole body was covered in bruises. Even the upper body of his school uniform had been smashed by Zhu Hanyun's fists.

{Luanyuliu} is a high-density and high-speed boxing technique. The damage caused is unbelievable. However, under the continuous fierce attacks, Zhu Hanyun was not completely without losses. After two rounds of one-sided attacks . His aura is already a little unstable. Boxing techniques like {Chaos Rain Flow} that extremely test battery life and consumption. I wish Han Yun would not be able to use it a second time in a short period of time.

And the most important thing is that Zhu Hanyun actually still has concerns and has not completely let go.

Considering that if he can advance to the next round, Zhu Hanyun also wants to preserve some physical and spiritual power for the next round of fighting.

He thought that his move {Chaos Rain} was enough to trigger Chen Chao's golden protective talisman. But unfortunately, the situation did not develop according to his path.

Although the current Chen Chao seems to have reached his limit. Maybe he can trigger the golden protective talisman with just one ordinary punch. However, the game is a game. There can be no chance.

Zhu Hanyun felt that he still made a miscalculation when facing Chen Chao. If he had not taken the subsequent games into consideration when he used {Chaos Rain} in the second round, but concentrated on dealing with the current situation, Chen Chao would have been beaten long ago. disuse.

But it's a pity. There is never if in this world.

"I have studied martial arts under the guidance of my father since I was a child. I grew up with brothers and sisters from all walks of life! If you want to bring me down, I'm afraid it won't be that easy!" Chen Chao wiped the blood seeping from the corner of his mouth. Although his teeth It has been broken. But this injury may be nothing to Chen Chao.

Wang Ling Previously, in order to write an essay, I read through the memories of Chen Chao's childhood. The resilience in Chen Chao's bones is really inherited from his ancestors. Fighting across levels is commonplace. If the people you practice with since childhood have always been 2 points higher than you on average. -3 levels. Maybe it can be trained to be so durable.

Therefore, such a man will not fall down just because he wants to.

Judging from this characteristic, Chen Chao and Wang Zhen are actually somewhat similar.

The difference is that Chen Chao was forced to "get beaten" because he practiced with others. Wang Zhen has actively accepted all kinds of training since he was a child... and even had to beat himself.

So Wang Zhen, who was watching the game from the outside at this time, saw Chen Chao's perseverance and couldn't help but sigh in his heart: This is a talent that can be created!

While Chen Chao was talking, Zhu Hanyun quickly adjusted his breathing. As the captain of Titan High School, even if he could not help the school win the game in the end, he would never lose to an ordinary representative of Number 60 High School. in hand.

"Classmate Chen Chao. Why are you doing this?"

Zhu Hanyun showed a helpless expression on his face: "You should make better use of your body-protecting golden light. Rely on your resilience to stay in the game. It will only be bad for you. Although the chaotic rain I just made is still there The hand did not directly attack your vital acupuncture points, but it sealed multiple of your acupuncture points at the same time... You should be unable to use your spiritual power now. In the state of being sealed by me, you have no chance of winning. It's better. Surrender early."

As soon as he finished speaking, the scene started to boil again.

"Chen Chao has been sealed?" Guo Hao frowned deeply.

Sealing a spirit is like tapping an acupuncture point. Although it is only temporary, if a cultivator is spirit-sealed during a battle, it is definitely a taboo.

Listening to Zhu Hanyun's words, Chen Chao gritted his teeth and said, "Even if it's Feng Ling, it's not that easy for you to defeat me. Maybe you can help me open up some of the Rendu and Dumai vessels. Let me become Stronger!"

Zhu Hanyun immediately sneered after hearing this: "Joke. Do you think such a thing can happen to you?"

In the process of one party receiving a unilateral beating, there is indeed the possibility of another acupoint being opened. However, this probability is extremely low. It is almost the same as winning the lottery.

However, in the third round. This time it was Chen Chao who took the lead!

Even in a state of being injured all over.

In this attack, Chen Chao's speed and strength have not weakened at all. He actually looks bigger than before! Even though he has been sealed, he can still show such powerful explosive power!

Zhu Hanyun looked at Chen Chao's burning eyes in disbelief. His face was full of disbelief: "This is impossible!"

"Existence is reasonable. Nothing is impossible." Chen Chao punched Zhu Hanyun hard in the face. To everyone's surprise, the {Titan Kung Fu} practiced by Zhu Hanyun did not seem to Make a difference in this moment.

With Chen Chao's punch, Zhu Han Yun flew out like a kite with its strings broken. He landed heavily on the ground, leaving only a shallow crater.

"What on earth is going on?" Xia Ming on the side said puzzled: "Zhu Hanyun's Titan Skill has reached a certain level. It weighs several thousand kilograms. There is no way it can be bounced away so easily."

Everyone turned their attention to Yan Xiaochun, the junior sister who was congratulating Han Yun. They saw the girl pursed her lips and looked anxious. Many people realized that Chen Chao might have accidentally broken some life gate of Taitan Gong.

Just when many people were guessing what happened. Wang Ling had already seen through the answers to the questionnaire.

For a practitioner of physical arts, the meaning of sealing one's spirit is actually of little significance, because martial arts and physical arts rely more on one's own "Qi", which is Qigong.

The reason why Zhu Hanyun pays so much attention to maintaining his spiritual power is largely because of the {Titan Technique} he practices. When his spiritual power is full, Zhu Hanyun, who has practiced the {Titan Technique}, is like a bird full of energy. A balloon of Qi. The physical body is full of tension! The density of the physical body will also increase with the exercises. It will look indestructible and as heavy as Mount Tai.

However, once his spiritual power is consumed, Zhu Hanyun's weight will also decrease. This is like a balloon deflating. The consequences of weight loss will naturally cause the physical density to be far less dense than before.

That's why Zhu Han Yun's body was shaken so easily after he took a punch from Chen Chao...

According to normal circumstances, if it is just an ordinary punch, of course it cannot be done.

"Where does your strength come from..."

Zhu Hanyun got up from the ground. He was still trying to recover his spiritual power. At the same time, he was surprised by the strength of the punch that Chen Chao had just punched him.

"Didn't I say it? Your {Ranyuliu} boxing technique seems to have really stimulated my body. I feel like all the cells in my body are boiling. There is a steady stream of power pouring out..." Chen Chao's expression More excited.

Zhu Han Yun's figure swayed when he heard these words.

wipe...

Did he meet the legendary mouth escape master?





Chapter 1204: Combining Man and Sword 1


The result of the duel on the field is still a mystery. Sun Rong made some analysis of the situation.

As every practitioner of martial arts continues to practice for many years, the cells in the body will also evolve as the muscles and veins are dredged and the acupuncture points are activated. These evolved cells are also called "power cells". .

There are 80 trillion cells in the adult body. And those masters who have been practicing the latest martial arts for many years will have a greater proportion of power cells in the body after continuous development.

For example, at the level of Master Li Xiaokai, power cells account for at least half of the bodies of such masters! There are at least 40 trillion of them! These power cells can perform the work of all other cells and have powerful regulating and cleaning abilities. They can Kills all bad cells in the body.

Guo Hao touched his double chin: "So, classmate Sun Rong, what you mean is that Han Yun's chaotic rain flow just activated Chen Chao's acupuncture points, thereby stimulating Chen Chao's body to transform more power. cells?"

"That's right." Sun Rong nodded and said.

However, these power cells are only temporary. As long as they are cells, they will continue to die and replace with the metabolism of the body. Even strong power cells are no exception. Therefore, in order to maintain the number of power cells in the body all year round, martial arts masters will not weaken. Every day A lot of training is done repeatedly every day.

That kind of bitterness is not something ordinary people can endure.

Chen Chao has practiced spiritual practice since he was a child. He also has certain power cells in his body.

In contrast, Zhu Hanyun, who possesses the "Titan Technique", is completely opposite to Chen Chao. To put it bluntly, the Titan Technique itself is a skill that relies heavily on spiritual power. Through spiritual power, it can stimulate the meridians and acupoints in the body, achieving a similar activation of "power cells" The disadvantage is that once the spiritual power disappears, the whole person will be as brittle as a piece of paper.

On this side, Chen Chao seized the opportunity. He had just activated his power cells. Facing Zhu Hanyun, whose spiritual power had not yet fully recovered, he stepped forward and gave him a meal of Ola Ola.

Zhu Han Yun's charging time was too long. In the state where {Titan Skill} was not reactivated, his defense was greatly weakened.

Finally, he was overwhelmed and the golden protective amulet on his body lit up.

The result of this battle was unexpected. But it was reasonable.

The main reason for Zhu Hanyun's failure is nothing more than two points.

First, he had already lost a lot of physical and spiritual energy before the arrival of the eighth day. Second, he was hesitant during the battle. He did not devote all his strength to kill Chen Chao before the {Titan Technique} disappeared. Instead, he wanted to kill Chen Chao. Keep your hands open for the next round.

The result is now counterproductive. Not only did he not advance to the next round, but Chen Chao seized the opportunity and was eliminated in one fell swoop.

"This battle is really exciting. Our Titan skills are inferior to others. There is really nothing to say. Number 60 High School is a formidable young man. Chen Chao will definitely make achievements in physical skills in the future. Maybe he can really become like Li Xiaokai Such a great master." As the principal of Taitan High School, Liu Tian naturally felt ashamed when she saw her captain defeated.

However, resentment is resentment. As the principal of one side, Liu Tian could not show it directly. He could only comment on the game on the spot and praised Chen Chao. It seemed that there was a sense of everyone's style in it.

But as a classmate of Principal Liu Tian, Principal Chen of Number 60 High School knows very well what kind of person this old boy is. I am afraid that he is already so angry that he is vomiting blood at this moment.

The other principals around are not fools. You can definitely hear the sourness in Principal Liu Tian's words.

If you compare a student in the Foundation Building period with the great master Li Xiaokai, isn't it clear that he has not set his position correctly... However, although the principals knew it well, their faces were still filled with polite smiles, and they all followed suit. .After all, Taitan High School still has a chance at this time. But they still have a girl named Yan Xiaochun who has not been eliminated.

Half time. According to the order drawn.

The second round match is between Yi Zhiyang and Sun Rong.

There is no doubt about it.

This is a focused battle. As both sides prepare, relevant tactical discussions also begin. Although the six students fighting against Number 60 High School are from different colleges, for them at the moment. Number 60 High School is the common enemy...

If Sun Rong can be killed, their morale will be greatly boosted! It is very likely that they will win consecutive games and defeat Number 60 High School in one fell swoop!

"Sun Rong is probably the strongest person on the opposite side. As long as Sun Rong can be killed, I think we can almost push it evenly in the next few rounds!" Minami Yixiu made a judgment. Number 60 High The reason why School can still maintain abundant mental and physical energy up to now. A large part of the reason lies in the existence of Sun Rong.

As long as Sun Rong is not eliminated, she can use her Aohai sword energy to help the team members recover a certain amount of spiritual and physical energy. The water-type sword spirit has its own so-called "nanny aura", which can be used for auxiliary treatment. .

So as long as the nanny can be killed, Number 60 High School's most powerful fulcrum will collapse in an instant!

Now, everyone on Nan Yixiu's side has pinned their hopes on Yi Zhiyang. Even before Yi Zhiyang came on stage, Nan Yixiu also organized the other four people, including himself, to instill a little spiritual power into each person. On Yi Zhiyang. Make sure Yi Zhiyang has sufficient psychic energy when facing Sun Rong.

After about 10 minutes of preparation, the second focus showdown finally began.

As the captain of Jian Shen Academy, Yi Zhiyang, he is already a dark horse in the competition.

As the other side of the duel, Sun Rong. is the one that attracts the most attention.

"Come on classmate Sun Rong!"

Chen Chao was injured just now. But now he was shouting louder than anyone else!

Because just now, Sun Rong used Aohai to heal some of his injuries with his own hands. The gentle feeling was like his classmate Sun Rong was touching him personally...it instantly filled him with blood.

"Don't worry. I will definitely win this game!" Sun Rong's face was filled with a confident smile. The school uniform skirt on her lower body was swaying slightly, dancing with the wind.

Opposite him, Yi Zhiyang folded his arms coldly. The pure white uniform of Jian Shen College made him look particularly dazzling when standing in the sun. He was like a son of the sun.

Both sides are masters of swordsmanship. What kind of collision will happen has made many people curious.

And at the next moment, with the surge of Yi Zhiyang's aura, many people's expressions suddenly changed!

"Is this... the sword spirit incarnation?" Many people's eyes twitched, and they all showed incredulous expressions.

It’s just a Foundation Building period. How can we actually achieve the point where man and sword become one?

Many people can't believe their eyes.

By using the fusion of human and sword, you can fuse yourself with the spiritual sword and invisibly slash out sword energy...and this is not a bad rule. Because in theory, as long as you don't use the magic weapon of the spiritual sword, it is normal. Physical duel.

"So you know how to do this." Facing Yi Zhiyang's aggressive aura. Sun Rong was naturally not at a disadvantage here either.

As a talented beautiful girl, she has mastered the art of combining man and sword a long time ago. However, Sun Rong has never used it before. The main reason is that she still feels a little ashamed.

Because after she merges with the Aohai Spirit Sword, it will produce a transformation effect similar to that of a magical girl...





Chapter 1205 I. Yi Zhiyang. Invincible under Golden Core!


The fusion of human and sword often depends on the characteristics of the sword spirit. Not all sword spirits and sword masters will transform after merging. As a girl sword spirit whose true body is a cute girl. The fusion of two girls When we are together, we naturally have to consider the issue of dressing.

So. When Sun Rong also "fused the sword and the human into one", her school uniform immediately transformed into a luxurious blue dress.

For a while, many people's pupils shrank. Unexpectedly, Sun Rong actually turned into a magical girl-like existence...

After a few breaths, the duel officially began. The azure blue dress on her body seemed to hinder Sun Rong's movement. But in fact, the girl's movement speed was far beyond everyone's imagination. The azure blue dress on her body The long skirt is a coat made of Aohai's psychic energy. It is not a real entity...it can actually be atomized when necessary!

During the leap, the gorgeous long skirt created a gorgeous ripple in the air. Sun Rong punched Yi Zhiyang. But this punch was not an ordinary punch!

She wrapped Aohai's "Sword Intent" around her fist!

So this punch is no longer a fist, but a sword!

The attack range is actually wider than it appears.

Yi Zhiyang felt his internal organs shake. After the Sun Rong in front of him merged with Aohai, the aura of the attack hit his face like a tsunami.

The spirit sword can form a sword spirit. This proves that the bond between the sword master and the spirit sword has reached a certain level. The swordsman who activates the sword spirit may not be a master. But the swordsman who does not even have a sword spirit has only a few attainments in swordsmanship. It can be described as worrying. Sun Rong can activate the sword spirit in the Foundation Building stage. This is enough to prove Sun Rong's attainments in swordsmanship.

Therefore, Yi Zhiyang knew from the beginning that Sun Rong was an excellent opponent. But even so, he still didn't expect that Sun Rong could actually do this.

Facing the jab from Sun Rong, Yi Zhiyang did not dodge. The expression on his face was calm and composed. The white school uniform reflected a brilliant light.

The next moment, a bright shadow appeared behind him. This was the sword spirit of Yi Zhiyang's "Yangli Sword"! It turned out to be a man whose face could not be seen clearly. His whole body was shining with holy light!

In an instant, everyone around them understood. This was a battle between water and fire!

Yi Zhiyang summoned his sword spirit Yangli to appear. This is not simply the manifestation of the sword spirit. It is the embodiment of "sword spirit resonance"! This is another level of realm after the human sword merges into one!

It is simply a fusion of human and sword. It can only add the combat power of the sword spirit to itself. It also enjoys the effect of sword energy protecting the body.

As for those who resonate with the sword spirit, they can freely put the sword energy into use. Freely integrate it into every part of their body. Even if they pull out a hair, it can make the hair become extremely sharp, as sharp as iron. Sharp weapon!

When Yi Zhiyang completed the "Sword Intent Resonance", everyone around him was in an uproar. Even the principals in the command center could not sit still and stood up one after another.

"Genius! Real genius!" A principal couldn't help but sigh.

"Jian Shen Academy actually produced such a person? Can he resonate with the sword at such a young age?"

The principals were not without reason.

Sword Intent Resonance is a very high level in swordsmanship practice. Practitioners in the Nascent Soul stage may not be able to achieve this step, let alone students in the Foundation Building stage.

Having learned "Sword Resonance" at such a young age, Yi Zhiyang will undoubtedly become a master swordsman in the future...

The previous private discussion between Mr. Huang and President Qi was unknown to the principals. Now after seeing Yi Zhiyang exerting the power of "Sword Intention Resonance", everyone began to speculate about Yi Zhiyang's true identity.

"It would be great if such a seedling could be found in our hands..." a principal sighed.

"You want to poach someone?"

"Jian Shen College is newly opened and not well-known. If we can extend an olive branch, we may not be able to refuse it."

"What you think is beautiful. Do you know who is behind the scenes of Jian Shen College..." An insider laughed bitterly. After saying this, the principals around him fell silent for an instant.

We are all smart people. If there is something, just click on it. In fact, if you think about the principals carefully, you will know how deep the "water" behind this is. Jian Shen College is a newly built school. It has been established for less than 5 years. Time. Such a school is not qualified to apply for this national competition in terms of seniority.

So why did Jian Shen College still pass?

This proves that behind the principal of Jian Shen College there may be a very powerful person.

Jian Shen...Juggernaut?

Yi Zhiyang...

The familiar surname made many principals here stunned.

They all thought of one person...

"Could it be..."

"Have you finally realized it? Your reaction is really slow!"

...

On the other side, Yi Zhiyang's attack was finally officially launched after the "Sword Intent Resonance". Astonishing sword energy burst out from all over his body. This sword energy was mixed with the unique scorching energy of Yangli Sword. It was so scorching!

It collided with Sun Rong's sword intent fused in the jab. The two instantly evaporated a scalding mist...

Sun Rong is indeed very strong.

At the moment when the swords and intentions intertwined, Yi Zhiyang admired in his heart. At least this was not an opponent he could defeat with one sword.

With Yi Zhiyang's understanding of the sword, he is now confident that he can defeat all opponents under the Golden Core with one sword.

But even though he admired Sun Rong in his heart for how strong he was, Yi Zhiyang still hated the outcome of this match.

So during the collision, Yi Zhiyang folded his arms and proudly said something that touched everyone's eardrums.

Yi Zhiyang: "I. Yi Zhiyang. Invincible under Golden Core."

Wang Ling: "..."

Invincible under Golden Core!

Although these words make many people uncomfortable to hear, they cannot be refuted...

He has mastered the power of "Sword Intent Resonance" at such a young age. It is not an exaggeration to say that he is invincible under the Golden Core.

"Classmate Sun, you are very strong, but you are not enough to deal with me." Yi Zhiyang always crossed his arms, maintaining his aloof posture. During the collision of swords, Yi Zhiyang just glanced at Sun Rong immediately. She felt a huge pressure coming in front of her! It was as if Apollo, the sun god, was driving a golden chariot towards her at a speed of 280 yards!

Yi Zhiyang actually separated the huge sword intention from his eyes!

"No..." Sun Rong frowned slightly. It was impossible for her to choose to confront this powerful sword intent head-on. She made a prompt decision and separated a stream of Aohai's sword intent to block it. But the main body chose to withdraw. Avoid the edge.

The next moment, a scene that shocked everyone appeared.

Aohai's sword intention was unable to withstand Yang Li's fierce attack. During the collision, Aohai's sword intention was shattered on the spot!

When everyone came back to their senses, they only found a broken blue spirit sword under Sun Rong's feet... The whole sword. Only the hilt was left!

"It is a taboo for a swordsman to break the blade. Student Sun, it's time for you to admit defeat." Yi Zhiyang curled his lips and looked at Sun Rong.

Sun Rong carefully picked up the fragments on the ground one by one. Holding these fragments, there was deep distress in his eyes: "Thank you for your hard work..."

"Are you talking to your sword spirit? The sword body is broken into pieces. The sword spirit will also die soon." Yi Zhiyang said.

"Thank you, classmate Yi, for reminding me. This Aohai is indeed broken. But who told you... I only have one Aohai?" As soon as he finished speaking, the sword intent surged in Sun Rong's body again. It had been annihilated. The aura of Aohai is revived again at this moment!

"Your Aohai..."

"That's right. My Aohai is not dead. I have never revealed this in front of anyone." Sun Rong smiled slightly: "The so-called Aohai. does not represent just a spiritual sword. Aohai. In fact, we are a girl group! One of them just broke. I still have 47 in my hand! And each one has a sword spirit!"

Everyone: "..."





Chapter 1206 A battle with money


As Sun Rong took out the second Aohai in public and once again performed the "human sword integration" operation, the audience in the venue took a breath of air-conditioning - it seems. This is not only a battle between water and fire. Competition. Or a competition between money.

A principal in the command center was shocked by Sun Rong's arrogance.

"Are these twin sword spirits?"

"No. I guess it should be twin sword spirits and cloned sword spirits. With the wealth of the Huaguo Shui Lian Group, it should not be difficult to entrust the spirit sword company to repeatedly clone the spirit swords and then the sword spirits. In other words, these 48 swords In Aohai, classmate Sun Rong owns two original spirit swords. The other 46 are clones."

"Then the current one seems to be a clone too?"

"That's right. The main spirit sword should not be used as a last resort. Classmate Sun Rong will not use it easily."

Many principals could tell at a glance that the first Aohai and the second one that Sun Rong had just sacrificed were clone swords.

Although the cloned sword spirit is created based on the original body, in fact there is still a certain difference in the comprehensive properties between the cloned sword spirit and the original body. This is why the cloned sword spirit is so easy to break.

The second round of the showdown is here. The suspense is not over yet.

Although Yi Zhiyang's claim that he is invincible under the Golden Core sounds arrogant, he does have the capital to clamor for it.

However, under Golden Core, Sun Rong's combat power is not weak.

It can be said that Yi Zhiyang from Jian Shen College and Sun Rong from Number 60 High School. This is a competition that can represent the top level among the younger generation of contemporary cultivators.

Many people never thought that such a wonderful battle would take place. The principals in the command center secretly regretted not opening a market before... The purpose of opening the market was not for money. What the principals were betting on was their ability to recognize people. If anyone can guess the outcome of the game, it can be used as a conversation piece later.

"Who do you think will win?" At this time, Mr. Huang, who was sitting at the front, laughed. He could feel that the principals behind him were a little overwhelmed.

However, there are clear regulations on the opening of the market. No matter the rules, procedures, regulations and laws, it is actually not allowed. So Mr. Huang thought of a reason: "Anyone who guesses correctly will be rewarded."

Mr. Huang’s reward?

At this time, many principals showed interest in their eyes. Everyone knew who Mr. Huang was. Naturally, the reward given was not an ordinary object. Some principals heard that Mr. Huang had refined various items in the stalactite cave over the years. A small amount of elixir. I have expectations for this reward in my heart.

If you assume that the prize is an elixir, you will make a lot of money!

"Teacher, I would like to ask, student, what is the reward?" President Qi next to him narrowed his eyes and smiled.

"A round thing." Huang Lao replied.

After hearing Mr. Huang's description, the principals were even more certain that the prize was the elixir. So they began to express their opinions in the audience. In order to facilitate President Qi's statistics, the principals established a group chat face to face and shared their opinions on this battle. Post your opinions in the group in the form of text. Just wait for the results to come out. It will be clear at a glance who will get the reward.

"Yi Zhiyang has realized the resonance of the sword at such a young age. His swordsmanship is extraordinary. And when I watch the battle, he is neither arrogant nor impetuous, his thoughts are clear, and his explosive power is extremely strong. If I just learned from Sun Rong It's not a sacrifice of the spiritual sword. I'm afraid the protective golden light has already been triggered."

"Huh. What's the use of having strong explosive power? The so-called nine times a night. The explosive power is also very strong. But after all, there is an upper limit. I don't believe that with such a strong explosive power, the battery life can be so strong. He can beat his classmates Sun Rong is a spiritual sword. And Sun Rong still has forty-seven of them... Are you going to fight classmate Sun Rong with your head? I bet classmate Sun Rong will win! "

...

Here, the principals began to have a heated debate about the results of the second round of the showdown. The real excitement on the field was even more intense than that of the principals in the command center.

Zhu Hanyun was defeated. He was sitting cross-legged next to Chen Chao with bruises all over his body. Although he looked seriously injured, it was just a skin injury. Previously, the teacher of the special team wanted to take Zhu Hanyun away from the scene for treatment, but Nan Yixiu declined.

Then, after Zhu Hanyun's repeated requests, Zhu Hanyun was finally allowed to stay at the scene with the consent of the command center. The premise was that Zhu Hanyun could not cause trouble. Otherwise, the consequences would be serious.

Zhu Hanyun has already thought clearly about this peak showdown under the Golden Core. If he can't observe and learn from up close, I'm afraid he will regret it for the rest of his life!

Zhu Hanyun smiled and asked Chen Chao next to him: "Who do you think will win?"

"I will always support classmate Sun Rong!" The expression on Chen Chao's face was very relaxed.

"You have to analyze it without adding personal feelings. I think Yi Zhiyang will win."

Zhu Hanyun's mouth twitched. He began to regret asking Chen Chao this question. Then he turned to look at Nan Yixiu beside him: "Brother Nan, what do you think?" He asked the person from Number 60 High School in this situation. Obviously it doesn't make sense. Even if they know that Yi Zhiyang is very strong, they will still choose to support their captain.

"I think Yi Zhiyang wins."

"Heroes think alike."

The two looked at each other. Zhu Hanyun then analyzed the next game: "If Yi Zhiyang enters the next round, then the possibility of you fighting Yi Zhiyang is very high."

"Ha. If we lose to Yi Zhiyang, I will be convinced." Nan Yixiu smiled bitterly.

Chen Chao next to him was not happy when he heard this.

What does it mean for Yi Zhiyang to advance to the next round? There is a high possibility that Nan Yixiu will play against him? Doesn't this assume that Wang Ling has already lost to Nan Yixiu?

As a result, many people at Number 60 High School cast disdainful looks.

As the president of the Wang Ling fan club, Xia Ming was the first to stand up: "Classmate Nan Yixiu is a little overconfident. Why do you assume that classmate Wang Ling will lose to you?"

Nan Yixiu hehe: "Let me tell you. The gap in combat power is indeed obvious."

Chen Chao also chuckled: "Then I have something to say. The difference in luck value is also obvious. Our school's mascot is not in vain. I think you may not win!" This is Chen Chao's sincere words. No It doesn’t contain any utilitarian milk ingredients. From the very beginning of Nan Yixiu’s duel with Wang Ling. I don’t know why Chen Chao felt at ease.

He felt that if it was Wang Ling, he might be able to win by surprise with a certain probability.

Although there may be a real gap in combat effectiveness as Nan Yixiu said. But Chen Chao is willing to believe Wang Ling.

The debate ends here. After Sun Rong replaced the clone spirit sword, the battle with Yi Zhiyang finally started again! Since the opponent can freely use the sword intention on various parts of the body, it is obvious that he will face a hard attack. The one who suffers must still be the loser. Own.

At this moment. Sun Rong changed his fighting ideas.

The girl was still wearing a gorgeous blue dress. She shouted softly and stretched out her left hand. Another blue spiritual sword emerged from her hand - this is the third Aohai!

"You can actually use two swords?" On the other side of the battle, Yi Zhiyang's pupils shrank slightly.

In his opinion. Sun Rong Even if he uses his two swords, it will be of no avail.

Offering more means means breaking more.

In Yi Zhiyang's eyes, this cloned Aohai is as crispy as Wangwang crushed ice.





Chapter 1207 Under Golden Core. Immortal fight with gods


Yi Zhiyang folded his arms. His eyes showed an aloof look. The moment Sun Rong stood still, an invisible wave spread from Yi Zhiyang's body. Sun Rong slashed out Aohai. The sword energy. I found that the sword energy could not penetrate the defense of the "air film" around Yi Zhiyang!

The opponent actually used the power of the sword's resonance on his own "qi", and then used his own qi to build a barrier. It formed a three-foot sword-will barrier centered on itself, like a "qi film"!

This barrier has excellent toughness. It can withstand almost all damage from close range and flying spells!

If this sword barrier cannot be broken, all attacks will be like ice hitting flames, completely melted away.

The situation is not favorable for Sun Rong.

Even if Sun Rong uses two swords, it can control two Aohai at the same time. Compared with Yangli, whose offensive momentum is extremely fierce, it is just a mantis using its arms as a chariot.

Yi Zhiyang is indeed a strong opponent. Sun Rong has not encountered a strong opponent under the Golden Core for a long time. Although the situation looks difficult, the expression on the girl's face never shows the slightest fear.

Her identity is not only the captain of the Number 60 High School delegation. She is also the future heir of the Huaguo Shui Lian Group. Countless masters in the cultivation world are paying attention to this game.

If he fails in the battle, it may affect the group's stock market to a certain extent...

This is called rich man's pressure.

The honor of the school and the honor of the family. The double pressure is now on the shoulders of Sun Rong.

The next moment, she waved the two swords in her hands, slashing in a graceful arc in the void. For a moment, everyone's hearts were filled with excitement. It was also the first time for many people to discover that the girl actually had excellent martial arts skills.

She waved her swords like an elegant swan and danced a noble waltz.

Finally, under rapid rotation, Aohai exuded the boundless aura of the sea. A waterspout fused with sword intent moved at high speed along the direction of Yi Zhiyang!

Countless gravel on the ground was sucked up by the waterspout. The scene was as shocking as a disaster coming to the world!

Yi Zhiyang didn't hold back at all when he saw this. He used his backhand in conjunction with Yang Li and used another "Apollo Chariot". He didn't leave Sun Rong any chance at all.

The golden flaming chariot faced off against the waterspout that was as powerful as the roaring waves. Everyone around and the principals were amazed when they saw it.

The Golden Core war may not reach this level. It is hard to imagine that this is actually a duel between the Foundation Building phases.

"I'm afraid this is a fight between the immortal gods under the Golden Core..."

"I would say that today's children are overnourished. People with less than Golden Core have such spiritual powers. Logically speaking, only cultivators with Golden Core or above can cast third-level spells. These two people actually used third-level spells. Spell collision. It's a bit outrageous!" A principal was surprised: "Think of the spiritual power I had when I was in the Foundation Building stage. Being able to release level 2 is already an excellent level..."

"Today's children are very well-nourished. It seems that the People's Education Inspection Standards will be improved in the future."

...

The chariot collided with the waterspout. A big explosion occurred in the field. The onlookers were greatly unlucky. Many people were blown away by the air waves.

The only fault was that they were too close. Although they wanted to save some spiritual energy, the protective barrier that should be established could not be spared at this moment. Tang Jingze, Guo Hao, and Li Youyue reacted quickly and used the protective barrier to withstand the impact.

Yan Xiaochun used the innate advantage of {Titan Technique} to stay in place. Although he was not blown away by the air wave, he was only slightly injured because he was too close to the explosion range. It was lucky that the protective golden light was not triggered.

The most unlucky thing is the four eyes in the sky of Nanhai...

His reaction speed was too slow and he was too close to the explosion range. He was forced to trigger the golden protective talisman before he had time to dodge.

"I knew there would be good things about being a fan of classmate Wang Ling! I won without even doing anything!" Xia Ming was very excited.

Wang Ling: "..."

Xia Ming himself realized that the second round of offense between Yi Zhiyang and Sun Rong might make a big move.

Therefore, a certain distance was ensured before the two started fighting. Therefore, they were not affected by any fluctuations. So to sum up, the most aggrieved people are still the two people in Nanhai Tianzhong: Nan Yixiu and Siyan...

Although Si Yan's own strength is mediocre, he can still be regarded as a fighting force. The author didn't even bother to give him a name. Now he has really become cannon fodder.

Now, the pressure on Nan Yixiu is even greater...

However, I am still confident about defeating Wang Ling. Nan Yixiu.

As for Wang Ling. While everyone was reacting quickly to the explosion in front of them, Wang Ling's idea was... He wanted to take advantage of the fluctuation of the explosion to trigger the effect of the golden protective amulet. Quit this boring game early.

So Wang Ling stood motionless on the spot. As long as the effect of the golden protective talisman could be triggered, he could leave the game early and rest and eat crispy noodles.

However, although this calculation was good, it could not stop Sun Rong from fighting Yi Zhiyang. He actually put some thoughts on Wang Ling.

Seeing that Wang Ling was about to be affected by the fluctuations, Sun Rong made a prompt decision. He threw out a handful of cloned Aohai. He helped Wang Ling withstand the fluctuations...

It's over. Sun Rong actually felt quite embarrassed: "Classmate Wang Ling! You don't need to thank me!"

Protecting the members of your own camp is originally the responsibility of the captain.

Wang Ling: "..."

In the horrified eyes of everyone, the drama between the chariot and the waterspout ended in a draw between the two. Sun Rong sacrificed the second cloned Aohai. However, the expression on her face did not change. fluctuated.

The sword spirit that clones the sword is actually an artificial machine without emotions. In addition to obeying the orders of Sun Rong, there will be no unnecessary emotional components involved.

The one who really has feelings for Sun Rong is the twin sword spirit who is the main body.

However, the situation at hand. Sun Rong still seems to have no intention of releasing his true twin sword spirits. Unless the clone sword is completely consumed, the twin sword spirits will not easily go into battle.

Yi Zhiyang naturally saw this: "Classmate Sun Rong, your clone sword is the strongest I have ever seen. But you have to be clear. The power of the clone sword is limited after all. Your third-level spell is very strong." But without the blessing of the twin sword spirits, it is impossible to fight with me..."

At this point in the battle, Yi Zhiyang felt that the girl in front of him had not realized the gap in combat power. He felt that he could already release further power.

Although before that, his adoptive father and master told him that it is best not to use this trick unless it is absolutely necessary. Otherwise, something will be easily exposed.

But now, in this highly anticipated game, Yi Zhiyang feels that he can no longer care about so much.

He enjoyed the shocked and admiring looks of the people around him. He enjoyed the atmosphere of this most powerful showdown under the Golden Core.

The next moment, the aura all over Yi Zhiyang's body surged again. A trace of golden-red sword energy began to boil from his body surface. Even his hair was rendered into a dazzling golden color like the sun.

This man. He even mastered General Yi's {Wuji Sword}...

At this time, Wang Ling's eyebrows finally twitched slightly.

He finally understood why Yi Zhiyang was confident that he was invincible under the Golden Core. With the blessing of {Wuji Sword}, a unique secret method that should not have been mastered by the Foundation Building period...Yi Zhiyang could naturally call himself invincible.

However, this also means that Sun Rong will be in danger.

The power of Wuji Sword. Wang Ling I experienced it with my own eyes when I watched General Yi play against Head of State.

The power of that sword energy. I'm afraid that even with the protective golden light, Sun Rong will be seriously injured.

Looking at the scene in front of him, Wang Ling sighed secretly in his heart.

He didn't want to take action.

But now it seems that he needs to secretly help Sun Rong.

The emergence of Wuji Sword has somewhat destroyed the checks and balances.

As an expert in checks and balances and a master of test averages, Wang Ling was already thinking of ways to help Sun Rong when he saw this scene.





Chapter 1208 Me. Sun Rong. Stud!


The moment Yi Zhiyang used the {{Wuji Sword}}, the hearts of those who supported the Sun Rong side both inside and outside the court went cold. Many principals rubbed their eyes, convinced that they had read it correctly.

The Sword Master's Wuji Sword was actually learned by a boy who was in the Foundation Building period... No wonder he became General Yi's adopted son. Such talent in swordsmanship is truly rare in the world!

"Classmate Sun Rong is probably going to lose." Several principals looked at the scene in front of them. They suddenly felt that the overall situation was decided.

{Wuji Sword} is a method that can infinitely activate the unlimited potential of swordsmen. Although Yi Zhiyang has only mastered it at the beginning, it is still scary.

The surging sword energy and aura that surged all over his body were as powerful as Mount Tai. When it burst out at this moment, the protective golden talismans of several people in the field were suddenly triggered.

Chen Chao, who was already injured, was affected and was eliminated directly.

On the other side, the girl pair Yan Xiaochun and Li Youyue were even more miserable. They had clearly kept a distance from the battlefield. They were still affected by the impact and were forced to trigger the golden talisman.

Why is this happening...

Seeing that all his remaining junior sisters were eliminated, Zhu Hanyun almost fainted on the spot.

When the Wuji Sword is blessed, the power of the resonance of the sword will be further increased.

In other words, at this moment, the sword energy around Yi Zhiyang also increased significantly. The sword barrier that was originally only a few feet expanded to several feet away. An indiscriminate range attack was realized on the spot!

But fortunately Sun Rong reacted quickly. She sacrificed three clone swords again to protect the three boys closest to her. Only Li Youyue was not saved. The reason was that Li Youyue hid too far away. She didn't have time to rely on the sacrificial sword for protection.

As for Nan Yixiu and Tang Jingze, these two reacted quickly and were very smart. When they saw something was wrong, they immediately used their homemade {Levitating Talisman} to save their lives.

The fluctuations of the sword energy are certainly terrifying, but they affect the ground after all. As long as you keep a certain distance at high altitude, you can avoid the impact of this shock wave.

Nan Yixiu still remembers his duel with Wang Ling.

It's just a floating symbol. Just use it. When the time comes, as long as you win Wang Ling. Even if you can't win against Yi Zhiyang, at least you can give Nanhai Tianzhong a second place seat.

"Classmate Sun Rong has consumed 5 clone swords." Tang Jingze looked calm. He sighed in his heart at the financial resources of the Huaguo Shui Lian Group.

"Hey. Classmate Wang Ling is really lucky. But what if I can survive. In the end, I will still lose to me."

"..."

This clone sword seems to be very convenient to consume. But in fact, the value of each clone sword is extremely high.

She Jianbao players. This is enough to prove Sun Rong's determination to deal with the game.

Therefore, although the outcome of this battle seems to have been decided by the outside world, in Tang Jingze's eyes, it is still difficult to determine the winner.

The most important reason.

Although Yi Zhiyang used the amplification power brought by his Wuji Sword to eliminate several people. But in the final analysis, the person currently facing Yi Zhiyang is Sun Rong! At such a close distance. Sun RongIt's just that the sacrificial sword protected his teammates. The clone sword was not consumed on himself!

This means that Sun Rong has withstood the pressure of this sword energy!

Why is this happening?

For a while, many people fell into thinking.

The root cause is the problem of the sword-spirit nature.

Yi Zhiyang's Yangli Sword Spirit is certainly powerful. However, Sun Rong's Aohai is a gentle water-based sword spirit. It contains the power of four ounces. When the fist hits the water, although it can cause ripples, it may not be able to. Causes damage to water... After "The Fusion of Man and Sword", Aohai is attached to the girl's body. The azure blue dress it transforms into is the best body-protecting halo.

Sun Rong swayed her slender body slightly. Although Yi Zhiyang's sword intention did not trigger her golden protective talisman, it still caused internal injuries to her.

The girl raised her hand to wipe away the blood that overflowed from the corner of her mouth. The expression on her face was full of joy.

A showdown between geniuses must be a showdown between heroes.

Especially when both parties were unwilling to admit defeat, the game seemed to become more interesting. It was watched by countless pairs of eyes. Sun Rong took a deep breath. Then she unfolded her sleeves. I saw clones of Aohai being taken out from her sword spirit space one after another...

When the remaining 40 cloned Aohai were lingering around Sun Rong, everyone suddenly understood Sun Rong's strategy.

Since "quality" cannot be guaranteed, then "quantity" will win!

This is undoubtedly a big gamble!

However, everyone still has doubts about whether the girl has the ability to control 40 spiritual swords at the same time.

Wang Ling is watching secretly. If he wants to take action, he must not make it too obvious.

The Wuji Sword is too strong. There is already a certain difference in combat power. If I help Sun Rong forcefully reverse the situation, Sun Rong will definitely be questioned.

What he has to do is to adapt to circumstances, wait for opportunities, and then conduct secret operations.

While protecting Sun Rong, try to make the two of them draw as close as possible.

This is what Wang Ling thought of. The best of both worlds.

...

There are a total of 40 spiritual swords. Just manipulating them requires a huge amount of spiritual and mental power...Wang Ling has observed that Sun Rong's forehead is steaming. This is due to excessive mental power. It is a manifestation of concentration. Just like the overheating reaction of a computer when running multiple programs at the same time. Once it reaches an unloadable state, it will inevitably cause freezes.

And that time is Yi Zhiyang's opportunity to defeat the enemy!

Therefore, many people were skeptical at the beginning as to whether Sun Rong could truly be controlled.

But the facts prove that the genius' operational ability is beyond everyone's imagination.

At the next moment, forty Aohai clones turned into a meteor sword shower, dragging a splendid rainbow into the sky. They arranged the sword array in the air according to Sun Rong's will, constantly changing their directions, and bombarded Yi Zhiyang overwhelmingly. And go!

Yi Zhiyang always crossed his arms and maintained a cold posture. The Yangli Sword behind him emitted a holy light like a bright sun, burning the nearby air.

The rising temperature made everyone nearby feel the heat in the air. The heat could be felt from a long distance away. The core temperature was absolutely terrifying.

"Is this trying to raise the temperature to melt those cloned Aohai swords?" someone said.

Although the core temperature is extremely high, it is still a bit of a fantasy to melt the clone sword. Yi Zhiyang is like a small sun. But it never reaches the temperature that is really like the sun.

Therefore, the real purpose of the other party is not to "melt" Aohai. It is to make Sun Rong enter an overload state in advance!

Now Sun Rong is trying to control forty spiritual swords. The temperature of his body has already risen. As long as Yi Zhiyang adds a little more firewood, the result will inevitably be an overload state.

Such a method is shameless, but it is still a safe strategy and tactic.

Such a deceitful thought. It is impossible for Sun Rong not to see it.

She knew she couldn't drag it out any longer. Now she was controlling forty Aohai, and this wave was her final blow with all her strength, "Study!"

The result of such desperate efforts is naturally a lose-lose situation in the end.

And it's obvious. Sun Rong's injury may be more serious...

When Wang Ling conducted battle deductions based on the scene in front of him, he had already seen the results.

It's not okay to go on like this.

So. At the moment when Sun Rong's forty clones Aohai were about to collide with Yi Zhiyang.

Wang Ling switched out his own King's Eyes.

In just one breath, the entire time of the universe came to a brief pause.

...

During the pause. Wang Ling did three things.

The first thing is to use cooling spells to cool down Sun Rong's whole body.

The second thing is to adjust the position of the forty cloned Aohai.

The third thing. Aim a few of these swords at Yi Zhiyang's butt...

This sword energy barrier seems to be seamless, but in fact there is a way to crack it.

And the life gate of Yi Zhiyang is located in this tail vertebra.





Chapter 1209 Nan 1 Show PairWang Ling


The ability to stop the entire universe. Wang Ling is not often used.

This is an ability he realized when he was 12 years old.

The reason why it is not commonly used is that it places a heavy load on King's Eyes. The main damage is as follows: temporary dryness of the eyes... several drops of eye drops are needed to calm down.

The key is that there will be some problems with the eyesight after the application. Pause for 1 second. The degree will temporarily increase by 10°.

So Wang Ling is in the process of pausing. He will complete what he wants to do as soon as possible.

After everything is arranged, Wang Ling will withdraw its power.

The success or failure of a battle often depends on the details. When the wheel of time resumed rolling, the expression on Yi Zhiyang's face was obviously stunned.

"This...when exactly?" He felt that four clone Aohai were already aimed at his butt!

Obviously it didn’t exist before!

I don't know when it suddenly appeared behind him!

The tailbone is his life gate. The sword energy barrier on the butt is also the weakest part. He didn't expect Sun Rong to be able to do this at such a tense moment. Not only did he see his life Where the door is. He even launched an extremely precise attack!

The distance is too short. It's too late to rebuild the defense!

At the last moment, with the four clones Aohai piercing the tail defense, Yi Zhiyang's life gate was broken. The sword energy all over his body was like a broken balloon. It poured out like a landslide and tsunami. It formed a terrifying situation for a moment. Waves of sword intent burst out in all directions.

Sun Rong saw that the situation was not good. He used all the remaining clones Aohai to protect all the members of Number 60 High School. He was at the front alone.

However, the power of the Sword Intention Surge was too strong. Her clone Aohai kept breaking like dominoes... When the last clone Aohai shattered. Sun Rong's whole person was blown away by the Sword Intent Surge.

Almost at the same time, the golden protective talismans of Yi Zhiyang and Sun Rong were both triggered. They died together.

"It's actually a draw..." Many people looked at this scene in disbelief.

All the principals in the command center were completely silent. Even though Yi Zhiyang had already used the ultimate killing move like Sun Rong, he still reached a tie with Sun Rong.

The principals who had previously been on Yi Zhiyang's side lowered their heads and fell into silence. This was indeed a peak showdown under the Golden Core. Yi Zhiyang was terrifyingly strong. With {Wuji Sword} activated, he could even fight against the Golden Core. .

And Sun Rong's strategic layout and insight ability are even more amazing. Even when the combat power is at a disadvantage, he can still accurately find opportunities to reverse the situation of the battle...

Although the final result was a draw, in fact, in the eyes of many principals present, the winner was obvious.

Sun Rong fell into a coma immediately after being knocked away. The golden protective amulet is automatically triggered when life is judged to be in danger. The girl just stood in the front with her own power. Save Number 60 High School. Others. Rely on the remaining clone Aohai to resolve the huge pressure brought by the surge of sword intent.

However, in the end, he still failed to keep his golden protective amulet.

Wang Ling secretly checked Sun Rong and breathed a sigh of relief.

Although he fell into a coma, fortunately his injuries were not serious. He only suffered some minor internal injuries.

But looking at Yi Zhiyang, that is the person who really needs to be concerned... If Sun Rong was just standing on the edge of the storm of sword intent, then Yi Zhiyang is the person at the center of the storm. A large number of swords The meaning poured out from his tailbone. When Yi Zhiyang's golden protective talisman was triggered, the whole person fell to the ground with his butt sticking out.

The posture is too "graceful" and the scene is a mess...

Compared to the girl who fell down like a water lily here, Yi Zhiyang on the other side is more like a blooming chrysanthemum.

"The chrysanthemums are broken, the ground is covered with wounds, and your smile has turned yellow..." Guo Hao couldn't help but sigh. This was the worst draw he had ever seen. It was obviously called a draw, but it looked like Sun Rong's great victory. The posture of this fall was also too different.

Moreover, the current situation at Yi Zhiyang's side is such that it is impossible to broadcast without mosaic... Members of the resident special operations team rushed over quickly. They were checking Yi Zhiyang's initial injuries. They saw Yi Zhiyang sticking out his snow-white buttocks. Half of it. His head was buried in the soil.

The rescue team first exposed Yi Zhiyang's face, but did not move his shameful posture. Because they were not sure whether there were any bone cracks in Yi Zhiyang's body. If there were already internal bone cracks, if he turned over easily at this time, Yi Zhiyang would be injured. Cause secondary damage.

"Has the scene been cut off?"

"It's been cut off."

"This is too pitiful...it's clearly a draw..."

"Stop talking. Check first."

The team members used the magic weapons in their hands to comprehensively identify and detect Yi Zhiyang's injuries.

"The upper body is basically fine. But the lower body is a bit miserable. There are fractures in the pelvis and leg bones. And... there is an anal fissure..."

The rescue team member spoke very quietly, but Chen Chao still heard what he said. Chen Chao stood on the side and smiled: "Oh, it's cracked. How come there's no blood?"

As soon as he finished speaking, Yi Zhiyang's butt was like a fountain, spilling a large amount of blood...

When the rescue team saw this, they sighed inwardly: When the landslide occurs, not a single drop of blood is innocent...

...

About ten minutes later, the live scene returned. Yi Zhiyang and Sun Rong were both picked up by members of the special operations team.

So only Tang Jingze, Guo Hao, Nan Yixiu and Wang Ling were left in the scene. The last four people.

Sun Rong is the biggest backer of Number 60 High School. Being eliminated with Yi Zhiyang is the most ideal result that Nan Yixiu can think of!

The remaining three people. In terms of overall combat power, Nan Yixiu is absolutely confident that he can win! You know, he is the captain of Nanhai Tianzhong!

The only one who is a bit more difficult to deal with may be Tang Jingze from Number 59 High School. But so what?

That Guo Hao is not a good person either. After the fight between Tang Jingze and Guo Hao, no matter who wins, there will definitely be losses for the winning side.

And his battle with Wang Ling was completely effortless!

So. Before the start of the third round of the showdown, Nan Yixiu took the initiative to look at Wang Ling. He looked like he was sure of winning: "Classmate Wang Ling. It's our turn next time. What do you want to say? Of?"

Wang Ling: "..."

...

The preparation time passed quickly. The duel between Nan Yixiu and Wang Ling officially began. After the third round of the immortal fight under Golden Core, this duel seemed a little boring.

Nanhai Tianzhong is a school famous all over the world for its perception-based magic. Therefore, everyone does not expect Nan Yixiu to show off in battle.

As for Wang Ling on the other side, it’s just a mascot. It seems like there’s nothing to talk about.

So. When no one was optimistic about it, Wang Ling calmly inserted the pockets of his school pants and slowly walked onto the duel stage...

He is thinking about a very serious question.

What kind of magic can be used to avoid killing Nan Yixiu and win this game in a low-key manner?





Chapter 1210 I admit that I am gambling


As a master of the perception system, Nan Yixiu's perception ability is indeed impeccable. Remote monitoring, range perception, insight into weaknesses, reasoning and positioning... these are all elements of an excellent perception system cultivator. He can represent He came from Nanhai Tianzhong to participate in the national competition as the captain. Naturally, he has two brushes with him.

"Nan Yixiu's results in Nanhai Tianzhong are very good." Mr. Huang glanced at the detailed information handed over by President Qi. Comparing Wang Ling, almost every item was average. Nan Yixiu's In this information, almost all subjects taken in Nanhai Tianzhong exams are S level. Some even got SSS.

However, the results of external examinations are not that good. For example, in physical arts and sword control, Nan Yixiu only got an A grade. Compared with Nan Yixiu's other subjects, this result clearly shows a weakness.

Mr. Huang understands very well.

Nanhai Tianzhong is originally a cultivation academy that cultivates cultivators of the perception department. It is normal for the emphasis to be different.

In recent years, the employment prospects for cultivators in the perception department have also been great.

Not only are the wages high and the benefits good, but there is basically no need to do front-line or publicity work.

Many parents send their children to study in the Cultivation Academy of the Department of Perception. In fact, a large part of it is based on safety.

For a perceptual cultivator.

The requirements for physical skills and swordsmanship don't have to be too strict. Just be enough.

"Xiaoye has found a good student." Mr. Huang couldn't help but say after reading Nan Yixiu's information.

"Principal Ye has been looking for his close disciples for so many years. This Nan Yixiu is indeed a rare talent in the perception department. He has mastered the final stage of {Natural Studies} at a young age. His merits are about to be fulfilled. His future is immeasurable. "President Qi nodded and agreed.

{Natural Science} is the basic mental method written by Ye Feng, the principal of Nanhai Tianzhong, for all students in the school after he took office. It is divided into 80%. Nan Yixiu reached the seventh level in a short period of time.

This speed of comprehension is much better than that of Principal Ye Feng back then.

"Haha. It seems that Xiaoye has indeed found the treasure." Mr. Huang said with a smile.

{Natural Science} is the basic heart sutra of the higher-level perception technique {Tao Follows Nature}. And the ability of {Tao Follows Nature} is Principal Ye Feng's famous secret skill. For so many years, Ye Feng has been looking for someone who can inherit his mantle. people.

There is no doubt that Nam Il-soo is definitely qualified to take up the big position.

But then again.

Nan Yixiu's advantages are outstanding, but its shortcomings are also obvious.

If such results are matched against Sun Rong and Yi Zhiyang, I am afraid that I will be beaten directly and doubt my life.

But facing Wang Ling, who has almost all grades of B... it always gives people the illusion that everything is "stable".

However, those who know Wang Ling also know very well that there are too many uncertainties about this Number 60 High School mascot.

In the match between the two, although Nam Il-soo has a greater chance of winning, there is no guarantee that something will happen.

"Everyone, who do you think will win? In the match between Yi Zhiyang and Sun Rong just now, only one person answered correctly." At this time, President Qi turned around and looked at the principals behind him.

"Someone guessed the draw correctly? Who was it?" Many principals glanced back and forth.

"The answer will not be announced for the time being. This person sent me a private message. After the competition ends, everyone will naturally know the answer." President Qi sold a jar.

At this time, Li Qingxi, who was in Fu Mo Number 1 High School, saw Chen Tianxiang sitting next to him. He saw a sly smile on the corner of this man's mouth.

It's true. It's this man...

Although Fumo Number 1 High School was unexpectedly eliminated this time, Li Qingxi always believed that his strategic plan for Number 60 High School was correct.

He knows Chen Tianxiang very well. This man's calculations are still as good as before. Especially after taking over Number 60 High School. Compared with previous years, the overall level of Number 60 High School has improved significantly, almost like a jumping machine.

If nothing else happens, Li Qingxi feels that after this national competition, Number 60 High School will soon be upgraded to a city key...

As the vast majority of principals failed in the last quiz.

Regarding the result of this game, many principals not only did not restrain themselves, but also showed an attitude of disbelief. "I don't believe it. This game... Can Nan Yixiu lose? I bet that Nan Yixiu wins!" "

"I'll bet on Nan Yixiu too!"

"If Number 60 High School wins, I will donate money to Number 60 for campus construction!"

"You donate money? Donating money is very vulgar. I will donate the spirit gathering array!"

"If I win, I'll donate the playground!"

"I donate to the canteen!"

At this moment, all the principals have expressed their opinions. Many principals know that Number 60 High School is about to be renovated. I am here to boast.

However, there are still some principals who are afraid to express their opinions.

Principal Chen, who now takes over Number 60 High School, is a master of planning. Who knows if this person has any backup plans for his students?

Actually, there really is...

Wang Ling carries a tip bag given by Principal Chen. This was stuffed into Sun Rong's hand before the game.

There is a complete strategy for dealing with Nan Yixiu.

He wanted to imitate the fight between Yi Zhiyang and Sun Rong and end up in a draw with Nan Yixiu. In this way, he could escape unscathed and not be too noticeable.

However, as more and more principals publicly stated that they would be fine as long as their side wins...Wang Ling suddenly had the idea of winning.

Winning. They can have multiple canteens at Number 60 High School!

And what does multiple kiosks mean?

It means he can buy more dry noodles!

Suddenly, Wang Ling felt like he couldn't calm down... and as long as Principal Chen's tips were there, even if he won in the end, he could still put the blame on Principal Chen.

"Classmate Wang Ling. Are you ready to take the call?" At this time, Nan Yixiu took a step forward and reminded with a smile.

The expression on his face was very relaxed. He looked like he could take down Wang Ling in just 3 rounds.

Wang Ling Without saying a word, he took out the tip bag given by Principal Chen directly from the pocket of his school uniform.

"This is..." Nan Yixiu suddenly panicked. His principal had already told him that Principal Chen of Number 60 High School was very scheming. He might send "Chen Zi Tips" to the students in his school. Now this tip is The moment the bag was taken out of Wang Ling's trouser pocket,

All the principals showed surprised expressions. They all looked at someone who was calm and composed in the field. They almost said in unison: Chen Tianxiang. Is this also part of your plan?

No one knows what is written in the bag. But it is obvious that this must be the magic weapon to defeat Minami Il-Soo!

Wang Ling was about to take apart the kit. Nan Yixiu on the other side took action almost instantly. He roared and rushed towards Wang Ling. He almost used up his maximum speed: "Wang Ling. There's no way I'm going to let you succeed!"

Now he can still defeat Wang Ling. If Wang Ling sees the contents of the kit, the outcome of the battle will be difficult to predict!

Therefore, Nan Yixiu's first judgment is that he must grab the tip first!

At the speed of lightning, Nan Yixiu quickly moved in front of Wang Ling. He pulled the kit over and firmly held it in his palm. Then he quickly pulled away from Wang Ling several times. position. To prevent Wang Ling from competing with him.

"Classmate Wang Ling. Your last life-saving charm has been taken away by me. What are you going to do with me?" Nan Yixiu sneered while holding the bag of tips.

Command Center. When Principal Ye saw this scene, his heart felt cold.

"Damn it! I fell into a trap!"

With the layout of Number 60 High School, how could he let the tips easily fall into the hands of others?

At this time, Nan Yixiu opened the bag of tips. A countdown of explosion characters came into his eyes.

Then. There is no more...

Boom! A sound!

As Nan Yixiu's golden protective talisman was triggered, a huge mushroom cloud rose from the scene.

Command Center. Everyone turned their attention to Principal Chen. Now the principals present finally understood why this person had a sly smile on his face from beginning to end.

"Chen Tianxiang. You are so despicable!" Principal Ye stood up and scolded.

"I think it's fair. If Nan Yixiu hadn't snatched Wang Ling's bag just now, Wang Ling would have been eliminated. It's because you were too suspicious."

"you..."

"I admit that I am gambling. But one of Nan Yixiu and Wang Ling must die." Principal Chen smiled slightly.

The results are obvious.

he.

The bet was won.





Chapter 1210 Classmate Wang Ling. As expected of you!


Nan Yixiu's failure was unexpected but reasonable. When they saw the mushroom cloud explode, all the principals in the command center couldn't help but look at the hot man from Number 60 High School.

From the beginning, Nan Yixiu had been clearly arranged by Principal Chen of Number 60 High School.

"Everyone agreed. Our school's playground canteen has been established with capital injection from the Huaguo Shui Lian Group, and construction will start in the near future. So everyone has discounted it. I hope all colleagues who just promised will not break their promises." Principal Chen Fengqingyundan He smiled happily. Although he was despised by the principals around him, he undoubtedly became the biggest winner in the game.

No Bilian...

The principals dared not speak out in anger. The most important thing was that Mr. Huang and President Qi were present as witnesses. The Haikou they had boasted had to be fulfilled.

Since you lost, you might as well be more generous. Otherwise, you will be labeled as a bad person.

As for the reward that Mr. Huang mentioned earlier, that round thing made many people curious.

"Do you still remember Mr. Huang's promise?" Principal Chen was also polite.

"I remember. I still carry that round thing with me."

"?"

Under the curious eyes of everyone, Mr. Huang took out a shiny object and threw it to Principal Chen.

"Coins?"

"An ancient coin. I found it when I was practicing in the stalactite cave."

"What's the history?" someone asked.

"I don't know." Mr. Huang shook his head.

"What does that mean?"

"Go to Station B. Put a coin in the Immortal King animation."

"..."

...

On the other side of the scene, Nan Yixiu walked out of the dust after the explosion. His whole body was covered with disgrace.

The explosion was just right. The light film triggered by the protective golden light protected him very well. He was not missing any arms or legs.

It's just that the result is hard for Nan Yixiu to accept. He can't imagine that he lost to a mascot like this.

Obviously...

He didn't even take a single move against Wang Ling. Did he fail like this?

At this point, Number 60 High School’s championship seems to have settled.

Now in the field. Number 60 High School also has Guo Hao, Wang Ling, and Xia Ming.

On the other side, only Tang Jingze from Number 59 High School was left.

Unless Tang Jingze can complete the counterattack and achieve one versus three, Number 60 High School's championship is already a sure thing.

One versus three. How easy is this?

Even if he could win a battle, the physical exertion of a wheel battle would be unbearable for Tang Jingze.

Just when Guo Hao was warming up and preparing to face off against Tang Jingze, he heard Tang Jingze say: "Well, I admit defeat. Number 60 High School won this game."

It was now a meaningless battle. Tang Jingze felt that even if he defeated it, he might not be able to win. It was better to save some strength and pick up the second place.

This decision may seem timid, but in fact it is a wise move. The main reason is that the situation in the Number 59 High School is also quite tragic. As the captain, Tang Jingze. If he is injured again at this time, all the members of the Number 59 High School participating in the battle will Everyone had to be carried back.

"You want to give up?" Guo Hao couldn't believe that Tang Jingze had made such a decision.

"This is my decision. And in fact, even if I win the next three games, the overall points may not be higher than Number 60 High School. Otherwise, I will definitely give it a try." Tang Jingze's voice was heavy. How could he? I don’t want to finish the last game. But the situation in front of me is that sooner or later, they will lose. Their overall points of Number 59 High School are not high. Even if they win three games, there is still a gap between them and Number 60 High School.

The nature of the national competition is essentially a points system. The person who survives to the end will get extra points, but is not necessarily the winner. If the comprehensive points in the previous few days are high enough, it is still possible to turn defeat into victory.

"How do you know that the overall points are not as good as ours?" Guo Hao was shocked.

"I caught a patrolling special forces teacher before and asked about the situation of each team." Tang Jingze said while sighing: "Your Number 60 High School has very high points.

The bonus points for the essay alone are around 300... "Extra points for the essay?" Guo Hao was shocked.

"It's the diary of the physical arts competition. Everyone can decide whether to write an essay with a self-made topic. The essay called Wang Ling by classmate Wang Ling added more than 200 points." Tang Jingze finished. . Everyone in the audience was shocked. Including Wang Ling. Including the principals present in the command center. They all showed incredulous looks.

wipe?

An essay adds more than 200 points! What a joke!

The main reason why Wang Ling was surprised was because.

This composition was not written by him at all!

During this period of writing, he and Wang Ying were fighting.

So this composition was ghostwritten by his doppelgänger Crispy Noodles...

Although I knew that Crispy Noodles was an honest person early on, Wang Ling never expected that Crispy Noodles could actually write an essay that earned more than 200 extra points...

At this time. Wang Ling took a breath of air.

He felt that more and more eyes were focused on him. Cold sweat instantly moistened his backpack.

So Tang Jingze was the only one left to sigh. As a new fan of Wang Ling, his admiration for Wang Ling was even greater at this moment than before he came to participate in the competition.

Tang Jingze: "Classmate Wang Ling. As expected of you! You can even get first place in any composition!"

Wang Ling: "..."

...

On the other side, many principals in the command center quit.

An essay adds more than 200 points?

What kind of composition can have such great appeal?

"The shady story! Chi Guoguo's shady story!"

"We strongly request that this piece of composition be made public for everyone to appreciate together!"

Many principals openly protested.

"Everyone, please be patient. I have ordered the compositions to be retrieved. The compositions written by all students during the competition were all cross-selected and scored by Chinese language gold medal teachers selected from the national outstanding teacher talent pool. Teachers are randomly selected by the system. Logically speaking, they do not exist. There will be shady situations." President Qi said.

Tens of seconds later. The backend library. The {substitute} written by Crispy Noodles instead of Wang Ling was publicly displayed on the screen...

What came into view was the large number of wavy underlines that the Chinese teacher helped annotate. The principals were shocked. The entire composition was actually filled with golden sentences!

"A Grain of Ash in Time. Falling on an individual's head. It's a mountain."

"Nature's obvious warnings are deafening. But we pretend to be deaf and dumb and go with the flow. Or even add fuel to the fire..."

"We think we dominate the world and can be the masters of our own affairs. But we don't know who has become the substitute for whom."

"Winter cannot be sung as the beginning of spring. Some people have already been buried in winter. Others should be buried in winter."

...

Seeing this, all the principals were dumbfounded. They were shocked by Wang Ling's excellent writing and the profound philosophical connotation in its words.

Although some people don’t know the deep meaning expressed in it, it looks and feels very powerful!

PS: This chapter is free to read. Three of the four sentences at the end are quoted from the opening speech of the Chinese teacher of Chengdu Number 7 High School. Article: {This screen may change your destiny}





Chapter 1211 Look how scared this kid is


Sunday, November 22nd, the ninth day of the National Cultivation School Physical Martial Arts Competition. Students from hundreds of schools across the country gathered in neat squares at the square of Jiulong Mountain Base.

It can be seen that compared with the beginning, the delegations sent by each school basically have fewer people. Some students suffered accidental fractures or other more serious injuries during the competition. After statistics and reporting by the leading teacher, you can I am exempt from attending the closing ceremony.

Yi Zhiyang and Sun Rong did not come.

In fact, Sun Rong had already woken up a long time ago. But Mr. Sun, the boss of the Huaguo Shui Lian Group, was worried. He took Sun Rong back overnight for a more detailed examination.

All in all, this national gymnastics competition ended with a one-sided team show by Number 60 High School.

Many people sighed inwardly at the drama of the competition.

At the same time, there are also many people who have accumulated resentment in their hearts.

Before the competition started, no one would have thought that Number 60 High School would end up leading the other teams by a large margin in the form of extra points for essay writing.

What about the physical arts exchange competition we talked about!

Wang Ling thought of the previous time in the Spirit Sword Competition with the 59th High School.

Their spiritual swords didn't have many opportunities to show off. Unexpectedly, they ended up making the same mistake again in this national physical training competition.

Life is indeed a circle.

However, the competition is not without exciting fighting scenes. For example, the Golden Core peak showdown between Yi Zhiyang and Sun Rong. All the fighting scenes in this game can be taken out and savored over and over again.

On the playground. Wang Ling looked at the surrounding environment with his peripheral vision. He found that many people were looking at him.

He knew it in his heart. The reason why he received so much attention was definitely not because of the battle with Minami Il-soo. It was the essay written by his real alter ego "Crispy Noodles" after the game that made him famous...

Who knew things would develop like this!

Wang Ling sighed helplessly.

...

On the way back to Songhai City on the air immortal ship, Wang Ling was worried about one thing. That was whether Father Wang would deduct his pocket money for any reason.

This national competition caused him too much trouble. Now the whole school... no. The entire Ten Thousand Schools Alliance knows that he writes well.

Fortunately, Zhuo Yi knows that he always likes to keep a low profile and does not like to engage in such eye-catching operations. So Zhuo Yi has already spread rumors to the outside world. It is claimed that Wang Ling's composition this time is just " A flash in the pan."

When it comes to writing a composition, as long as there are no mistakes in the words and sentences, it largely depends on inspiration and luck. A person cannot guarantee that he can write a golden sentence all the time. Sometimes a very cool sentence suddenly comes to his mind. sentence. It’s really just that inspiration suddenly came online.

However, how many people can accept this statement? Wang Ling I don’t know.

Anyway, on the way back, everyone on the aerial immortal ship admired Wang Ling. Especially Tang Jingze. It can almost be described as being in awe.

"Classmate Wang Ling. Your composition is great! You are like a contemporary Lu Shu person!" Tang Jingze carefully studied the sentences in the composition.

His favorite phrase is: "A Grain of Ash in Time. Falling on an individual's head. It's like a mountain."

What kind of literary talent does it take to write such great sentences?

Incredible, incredible...

The most excited person is Wang Ling’s Chinese teacher: Guan Ziqian.

Teacher Guan is a very low-key person. He rarely shows his face.

He is a very low-key office worker. Of course, there is nothing to say about his professional ability.

Guan Ziqian has always criticized Wang Ling's compositions. It's not that Wang Ling's writing is not good. It's that Wang Ling's writing is too plain! It's like a running account. The arguments are all old-fashioned! In exam-oriented essays, Wang Ling’s essay can barely be considered above passing grade. But such an essay will never achieve high scores.

So. When this essay titled {{id}} was exposed in the national competition, Teacher Guan, who usually didn't talk much in the group, actually directly disclosed Aite Wang Ling.

"@Wang Ling Are you finally enlightened?" Teacher Guan sent a face-covering smile: "How do I feel?

Does your composition look like a ghostwriter?" Wang Ling looked at the class group teacher's question. After thinking for a long time, he trembled and replied with two words: "No."

To be honest, Wang Ling felt guilty when these two words were typed on the screen.

Teacher Guan was not polite when he saw the reply. He directly responded publicly in the group: "Then what's going on with your usual compositions? Are you acting like me?"

"..."

Hit the mark.

Wang Ling was so frightened that he broke out in cold sweat.

Fortunately, Mr. Wang Zukang came out in time to smooth things over for Wang Ling: "Classmate Wang Ling is a contestant who occasionally performs well. Teacher Guan, don't worry about it so much." He saw Wang Ling looked pitiful while holding the phone. He still felt a little distressed.

Look how scared this kid is!

Teacher Guan was obviously joking.

The students he taught wrote such excellent essays in a national competition. I was very happy.

He stopped typing. He directly praised Wang Ling publicly in the group by voice: "Wang Ling. This fully illustrates that you actually have potential only if you have writing skills. I doubt that you wrote before My composition may be due to lack of time and too much tension. If I give you enough time, even if your performance is not as good as this time, at least it will be at an average or even upper level!"

Wang Ling still doesn’t have the guts to reply.

The reason was that he felt that there was something in what Teacher Guan said.

As expected. Teacher Guan said next: "Wang Ling. There will be an essay competition in the district in the middle of next month. The teachers in our language group have been discussing for a long time who our school should send. Why don't you do it?"

Wang Ling: "?"

Teacher Guan: "This time it all depends on your composition. It helped our school win the national competition. I think the other teachers in the Chinese language group have no objection. People are all forced to come out. Since you have potential, then you should do it." Give yourself appropriate pressure, understand? This is for your own good, teacher."

Wang Ling: "..."

He knew that things would develop like this!

...

We took the immortal ship back to the playground of Number 60 High School. It was already afternoon. Wang Ling was preparing to go home. As soon as we left the school gate, we heard someone shouting on the road: "A Grain of Ash in Time! A Grain of Ash in Time!"

"..." Wang Ling turned around and saw a passerby looking at him happily. It was a middle-aged woman who was taking her daughter home from school.

Judging from the girl's clothes, she should be from Qingyun Primary School, which is Xiuzhen Primary School near Number 60 High School.

"Have you seen that brother! A Grain of Ash in Time!" The middle-aged woman squatted down and said excitedly to her daughter. She forgot what Wang Ling's name was. But she still based it on Wang Ling’s essay. The scene gave Wang Ling a unique nickname.

Namely: A Grain of Ash in Time...

"You should learn like that brother. His compositions are so good!" The middle-aged woman was very excited.

"Mom! That brother is eating crispy noodles!" The little girl pointed at Wang Ling.

"Let's go! Let's buy it too! Eat it! Maybe your shitty composition can be as good as your brother's!" The middle-aged woman became even more excited.

"..."

Wang Ling’s mouth twitched.

It looks like he is really famous now.

Even his face was started to be snatched by people...





Chapter 1212 Visit


Tomorrow is Monday. But Wang Ling doesn't have to go to school.

Principal Chen comprehensively considered the situation of the delegation and gave the delegation two days of rest. After all, they came back to bring glory to the school. Some people have not fully recovered. If they return to study seamlessly, it will only cause more trouble. A lot of pressure.

Therefore, on Monday and Tuesday, members of the 60 delegation can complete their homework at home. Each teacher will record the video of the class and send it to the class group for the students of the delegation to study at home.

To Wang Ling's surprise, Father Wang did not blame him for the composition when he got home. Instead, he smiled broadly.

This makes Wang Ling a little uncomfortable.

"What are you afraid of? Sit down. I won't deduct your pocket money." Father Wang patted the empty seat next to the sofa.

"You wrote a good composition." Then he began to praise Wang Ling: "This shows that you still have the genes of our Old Wang family."

"..." Wang Ling.

"Don't worry. Dad doesn't blame you for this. You just have to be successful. Compositions are sometimes a matter of inspiration. I'm afraid you can't control this well." Father Wang stared at him. Wang Ling. tutted. Then he reached out and touched Wang Ling's shoulder: "Through this competition, I got to know you better. Son!"

Wang Ling still didn't dare to speak. Mainly because he felt that there seemed to be a deeper meaning in Father Wang's words.

"In the future, you can also learn to inherit my mantle. If you are not busy, you might as well help me code. You will share 10% of the manuscript fee. My 10% of the manuscript fee is more than your pocket money. !"

"???"

Wang Ling I didn’t expect Father Wang to make such a request.

Isn’t this just looking for hot spots!

Moreover, he specializes in the field of science. He really has never thought about writing a book.

After being stunned for a moment, Father Wang chuckled and touched Wang Ling's head: "I'm just kidding. I'm just testing you. I still have some professional ethics. Your writing is like an exam essay. I still look down on my father’s skills."

Wang Ling felt another lament in his heart. He was teased by others outside. He was teased by his father at home. This life is really unbearable!

...

After dinner, Lord Diu Lei had a phone call with Wang Ling. They mainly discussed the settlement issues of Li Huanran and Jiang Yingyue.

Li Huanran will attend a public hearing later as the main witness of this incident. Jiang Yingyue has some clues about the fake Ghost Ax Spirit Mother, so it also has a certain value.

Lord Diu Lei actually didn't make this call to Wang Ling. It was to Er Ha.

"Brother Ling, the current situation is like this. The Office of Strategic Deception needs to assist Huaxiu Alliance in handling follow-up matters. It cannot spare manpower for the time being. Huaxiu Alliance believes that it is necessary to find suitable people to keep an eye on these two... Li Nothing will happen to Huanran. The main problem is Jiang Yingyue. It would be bad if something happens." Lord Diu Lei expressed his concerns.

And the "Office of Strategic Deception" he talks about is actually the "Office of Strategic Deception".

This is a new pseudonym recently established by the War Ignorance Bureau. It is convenient to call and more domineering.

In the current busy stage where everything needs to be connected, who comes to see Jiang Yingyue seems to have become a problem.

So Lord Diu Lei's idea was to let Li Huanran and Jiang Yingyue live in Wei Zhi's house...

Hearing these words made Wang Ling sweat.

Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi already live in Wei Zhi's house. Add two more people in. And they are a boy and a girl. Is this going to be a romantic comedy...

However, this suggestion is not impossible.

First of all, Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi are their own people. Their main job is to take care of the spiritual beasts in Wei Zhi's villa. After Li Huanran and Jiang Yingyue moved in, not only did they have a temporary place to stay, but the key is Some people watched it too.

Liu Qingyi is a very considerate person. As long as she is around, Jiang Yingyue is unlikely to do anything wrong.

In addition, the director of the neighborhood committee of the apartment is Martial Saint Marshal Jiang, one of the ten founding generals who retired at home.

With Martial Saint here, Jiang Yingyue is probably even more afraid to move. It is more effective than being sent to prison to be guarded. So, this is indeed a feasible plan.

Moreover, Wei Zhi's apartment is big enough. It can accommodate more than a dozen spiritual beasts, let alone two more people.

But in the final analysis, this matter still has to be approved by Wei Zhi.

The whole story was revealed. Er Ha, who had been squatting nearby and listening for a long time, finally understood. Diu Lei's call was said to be to Wang Ling. In fact, it was to him.

Everyone knows that the friendship between Er Ha and Wei Zhi is pretty good. It can be regarded as one of the few friends Er Ha has had during his practice on earth.

Er Ha replied: "It's not difficult. I just say hello to him."

"Thank you, Brother Dog!" Lord Diu Lei showed a cheerful smile.

"Also, is the matter of the fake Ghost Ax Spirit Mother already under investigation?" At this time, Er Ha asked with concern.

"Well. We have already made arrangements based on the clues provided by Jiang Yingyue. There should be news in the future."

At this point, the call is interrupted.

Wang Ling thought that he could finally rest. As a result, a series of messages came out in their "Sixty Delegation (2)" WeChat discussion group.

Why is it "(2)". That's because there is no Sun Rong in the member.

This group, including these messages, was generated when he was on the phone with Lord Diu Lei just now.

Someone formed a new group chat, leaving all the teachers and Sun Rong out. It seemed like they were planning something secretly.

Wang Ling scrolled up the chat history and glanced several times. Only then did he realize that everyone was discussing about visiting Sun Rong.

Chen Chao: "Have you heard about it? What hospital?"

Guo Hao: "My uncle replied to me. Songhai City Qixing First Military Medical Hospital."

Xia Ming sighed: "As expected of my classmate Sun Rong! This hospital is not easy to get into... Then here comes the question. Who of us will be free to visit classmate Sun Rong tomorrow? Let's talk about it first. I actually really want to I'm going. But the problem is that after I get back from the game, my mom wants to take me out for a walk."

Chen Chao: "Walking?"

Xia Ming: "Our school finally won the first place. I am still one of the representatives. Can't I go out to visit my relatives and show off?"

Guo Hao: "I'm about the same..."

Chen Chao: "+1!!!"

Li Youyue: "Me too! Speaking of which, I also helped my classmate Sun Rong make a nutritional lunch. It can speed up recovery! Who is free tomorrow?"

Seeing this, Wang Ling finally couldn't bear it anymore. He felt that if he didn't speak, this matter would most likely happen to him.

At this moment, Chen Chao suddenly said: "Let's do it. Now, for those who are silent, we will form a group to see Sun Rong tomorrow!"

As soon as he finished speaking, Fang Xing, Wang Zhen, Liu Qingyi, Zhenyuan, and Gu Shunzhi sent a series of smiling faces.

The ellipsis of Wang Ling has not been sent out yet. These people have already sent it out before him!

These people are all peeking at the screen!!!

Wang Ling: "???"

Chen Chao: "Then Wang Ling. It's up to you to go tomorrow. Don't pretend. I know you are also peeking at the screen. Our condolences will be integrated tomorrow and will be delivered to your home at noon! You can give them to your grandson on our behalf. Classmates will send it over."

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 1213 Hard Currency


At noon, Wang Ling received a large box of things. These were all prepared by Chen Chao and the others. Although Wang Ling saw the condolence list last night, when so many things were placed in front of him I still feel dizzy when I do it.

There are all kinds of things in the box. But there is no elixir.

Everyone's mind is like a mirror. Sun Rong's own family produces elixirs... Maybe the chicken blood tonic elixirs you buy in the market are produced by the elixir-making company under the Huaguo Shui Lian Group. So I gave you the elixirs. It doesn't make any sense.

The gift Xia Ming gave was a USB flash drive. He knew that Sun Rong actually had a bad image of him. So he took out the video of the last duel between himself and Wang Ling and took out all the things he had been beaten about. The scenes were cut out separately to make a ghost video.

What Li Youyue prepared was a love lunch box. All the food was packed in antiseptic and insulated lunch boxes. You could smell a fresh fragrance through the lid Wang Ling.

Chen Chao gave two women's pink dumbbells as a gift. They showed his true nature as a straight man. However, these things may have been what Chen Chao subconsciously thought was the best gift.

The thing Guo Hao sent was quite special. He carefully selected a seven-color butterfly in the cocooning state from his spiritual animal shop. This silkworm chrysalis was next to the branch of the incubator. It seems that it has the meaning of breaking out of the cocoon. The beautiful meaning of butterfly is.

Gu Shunzhi and Wang Zhen have just arrived on Earth. Apart from working for Lord Diu Lei, they don’t have much savings. And they don’t know what to give to Sun Rong. So these people come from outside the Earth. The experts worked together to buy hundreds of masks.

It's flu season. Masks have truly become hard currency. Front-line medical workers are in short supply. The daily consumption is huge.

These people were able to buy these masks with the salary they received from Lord Diu Lei and Wei Zhi. This is already a huge sum of money...

Everyone sent something. Wang Ling felt that he would be a bit stingy if he didn't send anything. He thought about it for a long time. Finally, he made up his mind and stuffed two packs of original crispy noodles into it.

In the eyes of others, the value of crisp noodles is definitely not as good as the current masks. But in the eyes of Wang Ling, this is the hard currency that can be exchanged with him for everything.

After doing all this, Wang Ling took out the storage bag prepared in advance. Put all the supplies in this box into it. Now we are ready to hit the road.

Before leaving, Mother Wang threw a cotton mask far away to Wang Ling: "Put it on when you go out! The urban area is not like that in Jiulong Mountain. It is very strict now. Although you are indeed different from others. But You still have to wear a mask."

Wang Ling was about to ask Mother Wang what made him different from others. Mother Wang's next sentence made Wang Ling speechless: "Others are afraid of viruses. You are afraid of viruses."

Wang Ling: "..."

This is actually no wonder Mother Wang. Because viruses in the world of cultivation are indeed terrible. Especially in the era of universal cultivation, it is most likely to produce that kind of super virus.

Once the virus is produced in the body, the test is the self-recovery ability of the cultivator, because ordinary pills are not effective at all.

Wang Ling is different.

The blood flowing in his body has the ability to self-clean. Viruses will be killed if they are inhaled into the body... And when Wang Ling is walking on the street, his whole body is simply like walking to purify the air. device.

So the mask that Mother Wang gave to Wang Ling is just to prevent Wang Ling from being stopped when taking transportation. In fact, this mask is very breathable and will not hinder Wang Ling's breathing.

Mother Wang: "The flu in Songhai City has been very serious these past two days. Others are just making contributions by staying at home. You have strong abilities and great responsibilities. If you have nothing to do, go for a walk on the street to purify the air."

Wang Ling: "?"

...

Taking the Spirit Bus on the way to the hospital where Sun Rong is located. Wang Ling saw that the streets were indeed under martial law. There were far fewer people traveling.

The reason why we took transportation there was that Wang Ling was deliberately delaying time. The time now was just at noon. Sun Rong was probably still eating there.

Wang Ling thinks that he should use the teleportation technique to cross paths.

He was afraid that he would be left there to eat together. So he would rather delay the trip. It was already two hours before he arrived at the Qixing First Military Medical Hospital in Songhai City. Wang Ling According to the address Guo Hao inquired about, he got there from the hospital. Enter through the south entrance.

Through the large ornate iron gate Wang Ling, I suddenly saw the snow-white building behind me that didn't look like a hospital at all.

From a distance, it looks like a castle where nobles live.

Wang Ling stayed at the door for a moment. An old guard wearing a mask came out of the security room: "Young man, who are you looking for?"

After he asked this question, he looked at Wang Ling up and down. Finally, his mind suddenly shook: "Aren't you that... that... what's your name... Oh, by the way! You are that A Grain of Ash in Time!"

"..."

Wang Ling feels that it is necessary to upgrade his shielding technique.

Although people can't call out his name under the influence of the Great Shielding Technique. But the problem is that they have found other nicknames to replace his name... Being called "A Grain of Ash in Time" every day is too outrageous. Angry!

"Are you Miss Sun's classmate? Miss Sun has greeted me before. As long as there are classmates coming today, we will let them go." The old man smiled and patiently explained the route to Wang Ling: "Young man, you Go in along the main road. It's the first building. It's the first room on the first floor."

Wang Ling Before I could say thank you, the old man had already opened the big iron door.

He had just stepped forward when he heard the old man say from behind: "This classmate doesn't need to worry too much. As far as I know, Miss Sun's health is not serious. She is here just to live and play. Miss Sun lives here." That building is full of recovering patients. There will be a doctor's meeting in the afternoon. No outsiders will pass by. And the soundproofing is very good! No one will notice anything you do!"

"???"Wang Ling always felt like this old man was hinting at something.

When I walked to the door of Building 1, a mechanical eye poked out from the door. This is a medical detection mechanical eye. When the medical staff are not around, there will be a mechanical eye on duty to guide, deliver medicine and disinfect entrances and exits. Work.

Wang Ling felt like his body was illuminated by a purple sterilizing light.

Then, the mechanical eye quickly moved out of the way and guided him to the ward of Sun Rong.

When I came to the door of the room, Wang Ling saw a quiet girl, wearing a light blue hospital gown. She was leaning half sideways and looking out the window with some boredom.

It was obvious that the girl did not want to stay in the ward.

But as the future successor of the family, it is also her responsibility to obey orders.

The sound of footsteps startled Sun Rong's ears.

The girl turned back. At this moment, her eyes met Wang Ling standing at the door.





Chapter 1214 Today happens to be Dog Food Day in reality


At this time, the mechanical eye in the building has accurately transmitted the visitors to the security command center of the Huaguo Shui Lian Group Building. The information about Wang Ling's visit has been transmitted here and projected on the big screen.

Sun Yiyuan waited in the command center for a long time. He had been waiting for Wang Ling to come over.

Why did Wang Ling become the representative of Number 60 High School and come to visit Sun Rong?

In fact, this is also within Boss Sun's plan.

The man in charge of the command center wiped his sweat.

Boss Sun has been plotting the plan since last night.

Including contacting the parents of the delegation members and using evil money to bribe them to take their children to visit relatives tomorrow. They also gave each parent a gift box of elixirs from the Huaguo Shui Lian Group.

Everything I did was just to help Miss Sun Rong have a chance to have close contact with a young man...

"Master, is he the person you are looking for?" the younger brother asked.

His name is Jiang Xiaoche. The number one secretary-general next to Mr. Boss Sun. He is also the commander-in-chief of the Huaguo Shui Lian Group Security Command Center.

"That's right. Xiaoche. That's him." Sun Yiyuan nodded.

To be honest, this is the first time Jiang Xiaoche has seen Boss Sun look so serious.

In short, this classmate Wang Ling is obviously a very special existence to Mr. Boss Sun.

Because almost all the boys who try to get close to Sun Rong, their security command center has moderate intervention and obstruction. Only the situation with Wang Ling is exactly the opposite.

Boss Sun not only did not obstruct, but also tried to create opportunities to increase the relationship and interaction between the two.

This seems incredible to Jiang Xiaoche.

But thinking about it carefully, Jiang Xiaoche suddenly felt that maybe this matter had a lot to do with the "yin and yang death calamity" on the girl.

The immortal fortune teller once said that the yin and yang death catastrophe is the biggest catastrophe in Sun Rong's life.

The one who sets up the curse is born at the beginning of the year. The one who breaks the curse is born at the end of the year...

When Xia Ming first appeared, Boss Sun always suspected that he was the one who created the curse, so he always had a very bad attitude towards Xia Ming.

However, judging from recent signs, Xia Ming does not seem to be the one who set up the curse.

At present, the only reliable information that Mr. Boss Sun has obtained is that Wang Ling has a high probability of being the one to break the curse.

Therefore. Creating opportunities is necessary.

If the identity of Wang Ling is true, then the closer you are to Sun Rong, the better.

"Xiaoche. Think of a way to keep him." Mr. Boss Sun said seriously while staring at the picture on the screen.

"How long do you want to stay?" Jiang Xiaoche asked.

"It's best to stay the night."

"Sleep overnight..." Jiang Xiaoche's mouth twitched. He never expected that it would reach this point!

"I know this request may be a bit excessive. And the parents may not agree. If you really can't keep him, it would be good to stay a little longer." Boss Sun sighed and said, "If the boy has any other requests, . And try my best to satisfy him."

"Children these days all like snacks. Do you want to send some over?" Jiang Xiaoche suggested.

"Eh... It's not impossible. But forget about ordinary snacks. All of them are imported high-end snacks. Our Huaguo Shui Lian Group still has an identity!"

"Okay, sir."

...

Wang Ling has experienced the embarrassment of a man and a woman living alone in the same room. He is not good at words. He does not know how to flirt with girls like some emotionally calculating boys. He was even slow and dull at one time.

However, for Sun Rong, the appearance of Wang Ling was a huge surprise.

On the hospital bed. Sun Rong sat up straight in an instant. She blinked her eyes and looked at the door in disbelief: "Wang Ling. Classmate?"

The girl had heard that Number 60 High School would send a representative to visit her. But she never expected that this representative would actually be Wang Ling.

Wang Ling scratched his head. Then he took out the condolences sent by everyone.

"Did everyone give these to me?"Sun Rong was very surprised.

"Yeah." Wang Ling nodded.

"Let me see what's there." Sun Rong opened the box happily.

Although nothing in the box is valuable, every gift is absolutely representative.

The girl could probably tell who sent it just by looking at it.

"This pink dumbbell must have been given by Chen Chao! There is also a silkworm chrysalis in this incubator. It seems that the species is a seven-color butterfly? Fortunately, you didn't bring Er Ha with you. Otherwise, I think it can't help but think about it on the way. Eat it!" Sun Rong laughed.

Wang Ling: "..."

The courtesy was light but the affection was heavy. The warmth of friendship made the depression she had accumulated all morning disappear in an instant. There was a warm feeling all over her body.

And the most important thing is that she saw two packs of original crispy noodles in the box at a glance.

Although in order to stay in shape, Sun Rong rarely eats snacks. However, given her understanding of Wang Ling, the girl knows that this is probably the most cherished thing by Wang Ling.

"My classmate Wang Ling gave me such a precious gift. So what do you want?"

After receiving a gift, it is natural to return the favor. As the future heir of the group, Sun Rong is naturally well versed in etiquette.

Sun Rong will return other people's gifts in person after returning to school in two days.

And now. Wang Ling happened to be here. She decided to return it on the spot!

To be honest, the girl was really confused by Wang Ling.

He just came to send condolences on behalf of everyone. He didn't even think about asking the girl in return. And the most important thing is that he didn't even think that he was short of anything... Well, if I had to say it, he was quite short of pocket money.

But the question is. Can he talk about this?

"Classmate Wang Ling, please sit down first. If you want anything, just tell me directly."

Sun Rong smiled slightly. She pressed the call button. The mechanical eye wandering outside came to the ward and made a cup of tea for Wang Ling.

"..." Wang Ling sat down obediently. Holding the tea cup, he felt the overflowing aroma of tea and the heat coming to his face. His mind went blank.

"For example, magic weapons, elixirs, technological products?" the girl further prompted.

"..."

"The clothes, pants, shoes?"

"..."

"Or a house, a car, or land?"

"..."

"Immortal ships, aircraft carriers, and laser missiles are also available!"

Wang Ling: "?"

Why is there such a thing!

"It's okay, classmate Wang Ling. You can think about it slowly." Sun Rong smiled slightly.

Then, the girl opened the nutritious lunch box prepared by Li Youyue.

The color matching of the side dishes in the bento is very exquisite. The meat and vegetables are evenly distributed. It looks very appetizing! But after carefully observing the weight of the bento, Sun Rong's face instantly turned red. She looked at Sun Rong Wang Ling. Feeling a little overwhelmed: "Classmate Wang Ling...this lunch box. It seems to be...for two people!"

Now she finally understands what the text message Li Youyue sent to her around noon, that is, before Wang Ling came, meant!

The text message read: I can only help you so far! Classmate Sun Rong!

...

PS: Today is the "Dog Food Day". Pipiku specially prepared 50 red envelopes. Open "Alipay-Red Envelope" and enter the password "Ling Zhenren loves crispy noodles". You can grab the red envelopes!





Chapter 1215 Claw machine!


As a member of the Wang Ling fan club. Now under Xia Ming's call, everyone has begun to silently deploy a package of plans for Wang Ling... such as this love lunch. It is the "King of Routines" part of it.

Prepare for two people. Li Youyue had thought of it while making bento.

As Sun Rong's best friend in school, after this national physical education exchange conference, the deep friendship between the two has deepened.

The beauty of adulthood!

This is what a best friend should do!

Instead of thinking about comparing boyfriends all day long.

When I see that my best friend’s boyfriend is better than me, I want to steal someone else’s boyfriend.

Especially when your best friend is a popular young lady, the most correct way is to turn yourself into a wingman and assist.

Li Youyue thought clearly.

As long as you can succeed, your path will be widened.

Stealing things with the eldest lady. Whether it's people or items. I'm afraid all the endings are being dragged out by the bodyguards and sinking into the river...

Sun Rong closed the lunch box with a red face.

She was really not prepared to eat a lunch box with Wang Ling. Her heartbeat was so nervous that it almost jumped out of her chest.

"Classmate Wang Ling! Can you...can you accompany me to play video games? There is a video game arcade on the third floor!" Sun Rong requested.

In order to make the situation less embarrassing, the girl used her usual method - changing the topic.

Wang Ling was stunned for a moment. He couldn't figure out why there was a video arcade in this hospital building.

"This hospital is very special! There is an arcade on the third floor. You can buy game coins by swiping your card or scanning the code! It is also called [Employee Salary Recovery Plan]." Wang Ling didn't expect to know the structure of the hospital very well. .

He listened to the girl chattering and introducing him to the arcade.

"The purpose of building an arcade is to relax medical staff. The most popular equipment is called the medical boxing room. Almost every day, the city will add some malicious medical personnel to the list of dishonest people. And these people are It will be converted into game data and appear in this device as enemies... You can get points by beating enemies hard. The top three with the highest rankings every month will get extra bonuses!"

"..."

Obviously, this may not be the first time the girl has been hospitalized for observation like this.

There may be some hidden secrets here.

During the competition, Sun Rong's injury was not serious. However, he was sent away overnight under the arrangement of the Huaguo Shui Lian Group.

Everyone feels overprotective.

But now from various signs, Wang Ling feels that something may have happened to Sun Rong.

He quietly moved the King's Eyes. Gazing into Sun Rong's soul.

I saw that the girl's soul was as pure as water. Just like her sword spirit Aohai, there was no trace of being polluted.

Isn't it a curse?

Wang LingUnexpectedly, his first instinct was wrong.

Curiosity drove Wang Ling to find out more about what happened to the girl. As a result, the girl ate a pink pill. Smoke suddenly filled the whole body. It was completed in an instant like a magical girl. Changed clothes.

This is a versatile styling pill. It is specially designed by Huaguo Shui Lian Group for women. It can combine your clothes and cosmetics with space compression technology. After taking it, you can instantly change your clothes and makeup in 2 seconds. Makeup operations!

At this time, the girl was wearing a pure white dress. Her whole person looked completely new.

"Classmate Wang Ling. Let's go!" The girl smiled.

"..."

Wang Ling sighed in his heart. He counted the time. He felt that it would be late to go home again.

But it's better to accompany a girl to the arcade and play video games than to eat lunch together in the ward.

There are no crispy noodles in this lunch box, and there is no pepper for dry noodles. Although it is beautifully made, Wang Ling just doesn't have any appetite.

...

At this time, a new message came from the Huaguo Shui Lian Group Security Command Center.

"Sir, the hospital's mechanical eye report.

The young lady and the boy are currently moving to the video game arcade on the third floor." Jiang Xiaoche reported the current situation truthfully. "Playing video games is good. This is how young people build relationships!" Mr. Boss Sun was satisfied. Nodding. The more he looked at Wang Ling, the more he liked it.

In the ward, her granddaughter listed so many different things. Houses, cars, land and even laser missiles were moved out... However, this boy was completely unmoved! He was so indifferent to fame and fortune. He was so indifferent to money. A young man who has no desire for material things is really rare in the world!

"What do you plan to do, sir?"

"See what they want to play. Play by ear. I remember. The video arcade in this hospital was funded by our group."

"Yes. We can adjust all the equipment remotely." At this time, Jiang Xiaoche looked at the picture on the screen: "Miss, they seem to be going to play with the claw machine."

"Claw machine?" Boss Sun smiled.

The claw machine is a good opportunity to test your patience.

Some young people would deliberately destroy the dolls if they couldn't catch them. He wanted to see if Wang Ling's temper would become irritable.

However, the general claw machine actually has core settings inside.

For example, it takes 1 game coin to catch it once. The internal setting of the claw machine will increase the strength of the claws when you catch it for the 49th time, making it easier to catch the doll.

I am happy to have caught a doll, but in fact I just spent 49 yuan to buy a doll.

Of course. It is not ruled out that some masters of claw machines can analyze it from a mechanical perspective. They can use hook throwing, drifting, etc. to clear the claw machine again and again.

These people will all be blacklisted by the arcade.

"Replace all the dolls with the heaviest ones. Also adjust the strength of the claws. Make them the loosest." At this time, Boss Sun ordered.

"Yes." Jiang Xiaoche nodded.

...

So. When Sun Rong took Wang Ling to grab the claw machine. Wang Ling saw the claw machine like this.

Each of the dolls in this claw machine is as big as a basketball! The most outrageous thing is the hook! It’s only as big as an ear scoop!

Even Sun Rong feels that the structure of this claw machine seems a little different from before...

"Classmate Wang Ling...This may be the most difficult claw machine at present..." the girl explained helplessly. She glanced around the nearby claw machines. Almost all machines are like this!

It is impossible to catch such a big doll with such a small hook!

But in theory, it doesn't seem to be completely impossible to catch.

As long as the hook is strong enough, you might be able to get the doll out by grabbing the hanging ring behind the doll's head.

"Classmate Wang Ling. You want to try it..." The girl looked at the black heart claw machine and felt a little desperate in her heart.

To the girl's surprise, Wang Ling actually planned to catch him.

"Yeah." Wang Ling replied. Cherish words like gold.

"Um, I'll put the coin in for you... But, can you really catch him..." The girl remained doubtful about this.

Wang Ling really doesn’t have much experience in catching dolls. He can’t even be said to be a master of the claw machine.

As for why Wang Ling is interested in the claw machine in front of him.

The reason is simple.

Because there are dolls in this claw machine.

All kinds of raccoons.

At this time, Wang Ling had already put his hand on the joystick of the claw machine.

He's about to start. Show off.





Chapter 1216 The immortal king’s method of catching the doll


It is true. Wang Ling can easily evoke any doll inside by using spells.

However, the claw machine is interesting only if you rely on technology.

How can you kill a chicken with a bull's knife?

Using Heavenly Dao to catch dolls is a bit much!

On the side, the girl's eyes were full of expectation. She could probably guess why the structure of the row of doll-catching machines in front of her looked completely different from before. This may be the result of someone secretly causing trouble.

Jiang Xiaoche...

This person. She must make good arrangements when she gets the chance again!

...

At this time, Wang Ling's eyes were fixed on the raccoons placed in the machine. A key factor in catching dolls is to learn to unite the mind and the eye. After Wang Ling used the three-dimensional vision of King's Eyes to observe. By analyzing the placement of each doll.

These dolls are all close together. Since they are next to each other, there will definitely be friction. The size of the friction depends on the size of the contact area when the dolls are next to each other.

After three-dimensional judgment by King's Eyes. Wang Ling quickly made the optimal judgment.

He used the operating lever to move the hook over.

As a result, the ear-spoon-sized hook was too light. Before Wang Ling could use the joystick to move it to the designated position, it began to swing crazily in the void.

On the screen, Jiang Xiaoche couldn't help laughing when he saw this scene.

Under such difficulty, no one can successfully hook up the doll.

This is a nightmare level of difficulty. Unless you are a top expert in catching the doll machine, you have the same small probability of catching the doll as SSR.

When the small hook in front of him shook at a high frequency, Wang Ling had already realized how difficult it was to catch the doll purely by relying on skills.

But this didn't bother him.

There are still 30 seconds left in this machine's countdown.

The hook in front of him was too shaky. After reaching the target, the position was still swaying. So Wang Ling got wise in a hurry. He decided to activate the second adjacent machine.

"Come on, classmate Wang Ling!" Sun Rong didn't know what Wang Ling was going to do specifically. But he still helped Wang Ling put in the game coins very obediently.

As the second machine starts, Wang Ling moves the hook of the second machine to the edge through the joystick.

Under the gaze of everyone, he began to shake the operating lever crazily!

The increase in the frequency of the joystick results in a further increase in the shaking frequency of the hook!

Suddenly. Jiang Xiaoche seemed to already know the purpose of Wang Ling: "Quick! Increase the weight of the joystick!"

He operated in secret again. He increased the resistance of the joystick to the maximum. But unfortunately, this did not stop Wang Ling.

"Report! The resistance has been increased to the maximum. But it doesn't seem to be working!" The person in charge of the adjustment frowned. They had never seen such a thing. Although the resistance had been increased to the maximum, the joystick was under the control of the boy. It still slides back and forth flexibly and freely. And the frequency of sliding is getting faster and faster.

I have to say that the quality of this joystick is indeed excellent. Even under Wang Ling's tossing, it remained strong without breaking.

When the shaking frequency reached the limit, the two hooks of the two machines on the left and right actually resonated at this moment! A strong magnetic field was formed!

Previously, the raccoon doll that was favored by Wang Ling actually floated like a magnetic levitation under this magnetic field...

Sun Rong: "?"

Boss Sun: "?"

Jiang Yiche: "?"

Wang Ling seized the opportunity and slapped the outside glass of the claw machine.

A very precise blow hit the cow across the mountain. The huge raccoon fell into the hole at the exit with great precision.

He leaned over and picked up the raccoon doll. Wang Ling felt a sense of accomplishment in his heart.

Sure enough, the claw machine is more interesting if you don’t use magic!

Wang LingTear off the small sticky note tied to the raccoon's tail. In fact, this sticky note is a redemption coupon. You can go to the designated store to exchange for a box of dry noodles.

And this is also the main reason why Wang Ling chose the claw machine in the first place.

If it weren't for the fact that this is an industry owned by the Sun Rong family, he can't be too high-profile. He even wanted to clear all the raccoons in this row of claw machines.

Tear off the label. Wang Ling stuffed the raccoon into Sun Rong's arms.

The girl was surprised: "Wang Ling. Do you want to give it to me?"

"Yeah."Wang Ling nodded.

His goal is just the prize redemption note at the back. Now that the goal has been achieved, the value of the doll itself no longer exists.

You know. As a platinum member of the Gansu Noodles flagship store, Wang Ling can redeem thousands of raccoon dolls just by spending points!

After all, the value of this doll is still not as good as that of crispy noodles.

"Thank you! I will keep it well!" The girl's face was filled with a happy smile. Thinking about it carefully, this seems to be the first time Wang Ling has given her a gift.

In front of the screen, Jiang Xiaoche's eyes twitched.

He felt that his eldest lady was completely broken!

After all, whether it is this claw machine or this raccoon doll, aren't they all products owned by their Huaguo Shui Lian Group?

This kid borrowed flowers to offer to Buddha, but he didn’t even bring such an offering!

Jiang Xiaoche was about to complain to Sun Yiyuan, but the boss, Mr. Sun, looked at the screen and burst into tears. Jiang Xiaoche was so frightened that he suppressed all his desire to complain on the spot.

Boss Sun wiped his tears with a handkerchief: "Hey! I have never seen my Rongrong so happy! Not only is this boy very skilled in catching dolls, but he also knows how to please girls! I still want to catch a doll with so much effort. This is a gift for my lovely granddaughter. It is quite the style of my old husband..."

"..."

Jiang Xiaoche was completely speechless.

Except for the day Sun Rong was born, this was the second time Jiang Xiaoche saw Boss Sun showing such an expression.

He doesn't like Wang Ling. But he doesn't dare to openly contradict Boss Sun.

"Brother Jiang, they are heading towards the gold bulldozer now." At this time, the technician in charge of the operation responded with the latest situation.

"Old rules. Increase the difficulty. Replace all the coins in the bulldozer. Replace them with the lightest ones." Jiang Xiaoche ordered.

He knows this video game equipment very well. Naturally, he also knows how to manipulate it.

Just use a light and thin coin, and then raise the slope of the opening. In this way, the game coins can be easily stacked together and will not fall off no matter how you drop them.

"Classmate Wang Ling. This machine is so fun!" Sun Rong usually goes to the arcade. This is almost the machine she must play. The gold coin pusher is a refreshing feeling that uses game coins to make a big difference. . Hard to experience on other devices.

Jiang Xiaoche himself thought that he could stump Wang Ling by tampering with him.

Wang Ling stared at the machine. He knew in his heart that this machine had also been tampered with.

He put his hand on the glass cover angrily and cracked it gently. The game coins inside suddenly fell like a waterfall. They poured out continuously from the exit...

Sun Rong estimated the number of game coins. There are probably more than three hundred coins.

Command Center. Jiang Xiaoche shouted: "This is destroying the machine! This is cheating!"

"Why are you yelling so loudly? Then go find the property management!"

Boss Sun rolled his eyes and blocked Jiang Xiaoche's mouth.

Then, the expression on the old man's face changed quickly. He looked at Wang Ling on the screen with a kind expression. He was very satisfied. He was full of praise: "This young man is good. He not only knows how to please girls." And he knows how to manage money!"

Jiang Xiaoche: "..." God knows how to manage money!





Chapter 1217 The more you watch, the happier you become


Wang Ling and Sun Rong basically experienced all the equipment in the arcade on the third floor.

Whack-a-mole machine. The contraction frequency of the mole was modified by Jiang Xiaoche. After the machine was turned on, the mole's head shrank back and forth like a ghost video. Wang Ling held a small hammer. Unexpectedly, he kept up. The speed at which the gopher shrank set a record in the history of the gopher machine.

"This... why can a man's hand move up and down so fast? This is unscientific!" Jiang Xiaoche was furious when he saw it.

"This kid's hand speed is just like my style back then!"

...

"Why did I intentionally shrink the frame of the shooting machine? He can still shoot in!"

"Wonderful! This is probably a condensed version of the legendary shot on earth. Through the extremely short-distance acceleration of gravity, the power of the basketball when it falls is greatly increased. This achieves the purpose of throwing the ball in while the basket is not paying attention! "

...

"Master, wake up! The machines in the medical boxing room seem to have been damaged! This machine is very expensive!"

"This machine has been beaten by so many people. It is normal for it to be in disrepair! The young man may have just added the last blow. This not only proves his luck. It is also obviously very manly! It has the demeanor of my old man. ..To deal with the kind of medical troublemakers who are just looking for trouble, you should teach them a lesson like this!"

...

"Master..."

"Okay. Stop talking! You are an upright man. You are doing things behind your back. Everyone gets through the difficulties like others. What is wrong here? Why are you pretending to be pitiful?" Mr. Boss Sun looked at Wang Ling. The more I watch it, the more I find Wang Ling cute. The more I watch it, the more I like it.

Jiang Xiaoche: "???"

...

I said goodbye to Sun Rong and returned home. It was already 7pm.

Wang Ling I didn’t expect that it would take me so long to play a video game.

But it's not entirely without gain.

At least I got a lot of points Wang Ling from the arcade.

This afternoon, he successively climbed to the top of the list of various devices.

The points for these rewards. Wang Ling can be redeemed for snack rewards at any similar arcade in Songhai City.

There are quite a few chain stores of this arcade. They are found in various areas of Songhai City. There is one on the student street next to Number 60 High School. Wang Ling plans to check it out after school this week.

Wang Ling knew that he was a bit high-profile when he topped the video game arcade rankings. This was not in line with his style. But there was no way.

People. There are always things they cannot control.

Especially when Wang Ling knew that points can be redeemed for snacks. He was instantly attracted to it!

However, Wang Ling did not leave his real name on the video arcade ranking list. He gave himself a pseudonym: Aqian...

And what Wang Ling never expected was.

His nickname "Aqian" soon became a legend in the arcade...

...

Wednesday, November 25th. It’s finally Wang Ling’s turn to go to school normally.

After two days of adjustment, the other people's mental state was obviously much better. But Wang Ling still looked like he was tired.

"Wang LingAh. Your face doesn't seem to be very good?"

"It's okay..." Wang Ling shook his head.

There is no other reason. Mainly because I was tired yesterday.

Following the map planned by Mother Wang and Father Wang, he traveled around the entire earth as quickly as possible. Using his ability to self-purify human flesh, he basically eliminated the new influenza virus that was prevalent recently.

Not only that. Wang Ling also speculates that one day in the future, some people in the world of cultivation began to develop curiosity about the outside of the universe. They over-exploited unknown ores from other planets and attempted to bring them back to Earth for research. Thus, I accidentally unblocked these viruses hidden in the cosmic ore...

So Wang Ling took another trip outside the Earth and purified hundreds of galaxies near the Earth.

By the time Wang Ling rushed back to Earth, it was already morning.

He directly changed into his school uniform and ran to class seamlessly. He didn't even have time to rest.

However, Wang Ling is also very capable of adjustment. He only needs to sit down and calm down for ten minutes to regain his energy.

Fortunately, it is still early self-study time. There is enough time for Wang Ling to rest.

As for learning matters, although Teacher Pan compiled and reissued the class videos during their two days of vacation, Wang Ling did not watch even a second.

Even watching videos at 2x speed is a waste of time.

For Wang Ling, the fastest way to learn is to use his {Quantum Wave Speed Reading Technique}.

The first class on Wednesday was a history class. Mr. Wang Zukang walked into the classroom. He wanted Sun Rong to help pass out the review outline. Only then did he find that Sun Rong's seat was empty. .

"Has classmate Sun Rong not recovered yet?" Mr. Wang Zukang asked.

"It seems like I'm still observing." Su Xiao raised her hand and replied.

"Are you still observing..." Mr. Wang Zukang frowned.

He had actually checked Sun Rong's injury before. In fact, it was not that serious.

Intuition told Mr. Wang Zukang. Huaguo Shui Lian that the group might be worried about something and kept Sun Rong in the hospital.

Nominally for observation. Actually for protection.

After all, Sun Rong has attracted shadow stream killers before. But this time she became famous through the battle with Yi Zhiyang in the national competition. There is indeed a certain probability of arousing the jealousy of some people. Taking advantage of Sun RongThe "injured" opportunity strikes again.

But the problem is that there hasn't been much movement in the killer world recently.

Mr. Wang Zukang was puzzled.

Ever since he and Taotie Taoist reconciled, under their unified coordination, there has never been any trouble in the world of killers.

Nowadays, the entire world of professional killers is about to become a professional team that fights crime and exposes fraud!

Even helping the old lady cross the street, there were people rushing to do it!

So...maybe there are other reasons for this?

Putting this issue aside for the time being, Mr. Wang Zukang decided to go to class first.

He picked a brand new piece of chalk from the podium. He turned around his plump body and wrote today's class content on the blackboard.

And these four words. Wang Ling are actually familiar.

"Ghost Ax Spirit Mother."

Mr. Wang Zukang played with the chalk tip in his hand. He introduced the four words on the blackboard with some pride on his face: "Does anyone know who the Ghost Ax Spirit Mother is? For those who know, the teacher can reward spicy strips. ."

As soon as he finished speaking, the whole class fell silent.

According to the normal class process, Mr. Wang Zukang began to call the roll and asked people to answer: "Guo Hao. Do you know?"

To be honest, this question really stumped Guo Hao.

When he saw Mr. Wang Zukang writing four words, he was about to send a text message to his uncle for help.

Guo Hao: "Teacher...I don't know."

"That Gu Shunzhi. Do you know?"

"Teacher, I don't know either..." Gu Shunzhi shook his head.

"Wang Ling?"

"..." .

At this time, Wang Ling really wanted to answer "that's my mother".

But even if you say it out loud, someone has to believe it!





Chapter 1218 Mr. Wang Zukang’s first hexagram 8 mistake


What is it like to listen to the teacher tell your mother’s story in class?

Wang Ling had a premonition that this history lesson would become very magical...

At the scene, there are actually many people who know the true identity of Ghost Ax Spirit Mother. Several people from the God Realm know it. They are just pretending to be confused.

Being confused is not a bad thing sometimes. As a person is alive, sometimes when you should be confused, you will be a little more confused. Then you will not have so many worries.

Seeing that Wang Ling could not answer. Mr. Wang Zukang nodded with satisfaction.

He had long expected that such a situation would happen. The expression on his face was very happy. In fact, since the first semester of Number 60 High School, Mr. Wang Zukang has been looking for opportunities to talk about his master's "ghost". "Axe Spirit Mother". It is a pity that there has never been a suitable entry point.

But now after the national competition, he finally found one.

"It seems that none of the students know who this Ghost Ax Spirit Mother is. So today, let's talk about this Ghost Ax Spirit Mother." Mr. Wang Zukang showed a proud expression on his face. The reason is that he I have deep respect for this name.

So although Mr. Wang Zukang likes to popularize "gossip" in history classes, Wang Ling is not worried that the content of this class will go astray.

The person I am talking about is my master. The content must be very positive and positive!

"Dear students, in the previous class we talked about the story of Gorgeous itinerant and Taotie Taoist, two epic killers who created the killer list. In fact, the Ghost Ax Spirit Mother is related to these two people."

Mr. Wang Zukang faced everyone and said: "The Ghost Ax Spirit Mother is the ancestor of the killer world rumored in the killer world! No matter whether you are stunningly beautiful or gluttonous, you are all her disciples!"

As soon as this statement came out, the whole class was in an uproar!

Wang Ling and several people from the God Realm also opened their mouths, pretending to be surprised.

As expected, the atmosphere in the class became lively as Mr. Wang Zukang spoke.

"Why is this name given? Has anyone seen the Ghost Ax Spirit Mother? The Spirit Mother should be female, right?"

"No one has seen Ghost Ax Spirit Mother. Not even her two disciples know. As for why she gave this name, I think it may be her label for herself. She was named Ghost because of her incredible assassination skills. The name Ax. As for whether the spiritual mother refers to my own gender, I'm not sure." Mr. Wang Zukang said.

"..."

Hearing this. Wang Ling sighed inwardly.

In fact, there is a hint in this ghost spirit mother. As far as he knows, Mother Wang had already decided on his name before giving birth to him. If the child was a boy, it would be called Wang Ling. The child was a girl. The ball is called Wang Ling1.

1("王令" Wáng lìng vs "王灵" wáng líng) So the second half of the name "Guixu Lingmu", "Lingmu", means "Ling (Ling) Mother"...

"Why did the teacher suddenly mention this person today?"

At this time, someone in class asked a key question.

"Ghost Ax Spirit Mother's code of conduct has always been low-key. She has always kept herself secret. The major killers in the killer world have joined forces to establish the Spirit Mother Foundation. It specializes in crowdfunding to find the whereabouts of the Spirit Mother. Although she is currently among the cultivators No one still knows where the Spirit Mother is. But there is still a lot of factual evidence that shows that the Spirit Mother has returned to the world... For example, in this national competition, there are traces of the Spirit Mother appearing."

"The Ghost Ax Spirit Mother appeared in the national competition?" The whole class was shocked again.

Even Wang Ling looked confused now.

His mother is obviously raising her baby at home... When did she go to the national competition?

Could it be the fake Ghost Ax Spirit Mother that Jiang Yingyue mentioned before?

"In this national competition, due to a mysterious behind-the-scenes pusher, a large number of dead wanted criminals on the dark web were temporarily resurrected. Huaxiu Alliance sent a large number of cultivators to prevent this... and among all the people who were resurrected . There is the Dark Ancestor Evil Three Smiles who shocked the whole world back then!"

"Is it the originator of the dark web, Xie Sanxiao?" Guo Hao couldn't help but sweat just by hearing this name. He had accidentally seen this name before when he was checking information in the library. He was full of great curiosity. Guo Hao He decided to go over the wall to see if there was more information on the Internet... but it turned out that the things Anzu Xie Sanxiao did back then made him unable to eat for several days.

This is an absolutely cruel, cruel person. The level of evil is beyond the scope of a normal person's understanding.

"It seems that some classmates seem to know what kind of role this person is..." Mr. Wang Zukang said this. His brows also frowned: "If Xie Sanxiao was really resurrected at that time, he would immediately announce a plan for everyone. The world's revenge. There is no doubt about it."

"Teacher. What happened next?"

"eh... A large amount of factual evidence shows that Xie Sanxiao has been killed. I have also seen pictures of his body through some channels before. However, due to confidentiality regulations, it cannot be disclosed to the students." Mr. Wang Zukang said: " According to my judgment, Xie Sanxiao died due to a very skillful assassination technique."

Mr. Wang Zukang said this. Several people in God's Domain also began to discuss in an independent spiritual space.

Zhenyuan: "Wang Zhen. Didn't you go to the Stalactite Cave? Didn't you see Xie Sanxiao?"

Wang Zhen: "No! It really wasn't me! Xiao Yin, Er Ha and I were almost evenly matched after defeating Li Huanran!"

Zhenyuan: "Then how did Xie Sanxiao die? Could it be that senior Ling took action?"

"No."Wang Ling flatly rejected it.

He was busy playing with meteorites with Wang Ying at the time. He had no idea how Xie Sanxiao died. By the time he came back from the universe, Wang Zhen had almost taken care of everything. It was really a normal game without any difficulty. Push the game.

I'm afraid only Wang Ying knows the answer to this matter now.

Wang Ling looked downward. Staring at his own shadow.

Wang Ying was shocked when she saw it: "I was too focused on fighting you at that time. I couldn't care less about the evil three smiles..."

Wang LingSpeechless: "..."

Wasn't this Evil Three Smiles brought back to life by you?

"I have researched a lot of information. I think Xie Sanxiao is indeed the strongest among the darknet members. But this person is too suspicious. I wanted to feed him frozen dumplings to activate his Shadow. This person pretended to swallow the dumplings. Then he spit it out secretly, which caused a sharp decrease in combat effectiveness..." Wang Ying couldn't help complaining: "If I had activated Shadow, how could I have been killed so easily?"

Wang Ling: "..."

At this moment, in class, Mr. Wang Zukang spoke again: "According to the evidence I saw, Xie Sanxiao's body had a total of 862 fatal stab wounds when he was found. It was within one second. With extreme The assassination was completed at a fast frequency...the depth of each wound was the same. The accuracy was outrageous."

Mr. Wang Zukang sighed: "No one can do this kind of assassination except the Ghost Ax Spirit Mother, the ancestor of the killer world!"

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 1219 Mr. Wang Zukang’s Conjecture


862 stabbings were done in one second. This kind of hand speed would be difficult to achieve if you are not a top expert. But the problem is... Although Mother Wang is known as the "Mother of Ghost Axes", this is what Mother Wang used back then. It's just a pen name. The real Mother Wang is just an ordinary person.

If you ask Mother Wang to write a resume, the resume must be like this: "Wang Youlan. Female. Lives in the Donghuang Road area. Married. Follows the life of a housewife every day. Rests at 10 o'clock every night. No smoking. Only drinking. Yu Qianchang. Be sure to drink a cup of warm milk before going to bed. Then do 20 minutes of eye exercises. She goes to bed and sleeps until dawn. She is an ordinary woman during the physical training period who will never leave stress and fatigue for the next day."

My thoughts returned to Mr. Wang Zukang's class. Wang Ling felt that this time Mr. Wang Zukang's thinking was completely off track. He was too stubborn to believe that the legendary "Ghost Ax Spirit Mother" was a top master. That led to the blindness at this time.

But who is the person who killed Xie Sanxiao? This has become a mystery again.

Recently, Lord Diu Lei has been investigating clues about the fake Ghost Ax Spirit Mother. Wang Ling feels that we might be able to get some answers from here.

Above the podium, Mr. Wang Zukang is still talking non-stop. Wang Ling feels that Mr. Wang Zukang has completely lost his mind in today's class. However, Wang Ling is not incomprehensible. He finally found it I thought I had gotten some clues about the master I had never met before. The feeling of eagerness to share the joy with everyone was indeed uncontrollable.

Wang Ling could not stop Mr. Wang Zukang from continuing...

"Classmates, the power of the Ghost Ax Spirit Mother is self-evident. Who is the evil three smiles? He was very popular back then. Even the old devil may not be his opponent in his heyday. However, he is such a person. He got a second life. Before he could turn into a demon, he was sent back to the west by Ghost Ax Spirit Mother..."

Mr. Wang Zukang pushed up his old-fashioned glasses and said: "Although the teacher also wants to know what the true face of this ghost spirit mother is. But if you students are interested, maybe you can go to the video game arcade to find it. Answer."

Wang Ling: "???"

"I wonder if any of my classmates like to play video games. If you like to play video games, you will definitely find a game master named Aqian on the rankings recently."

"..."

"This person broke multiple game records in just one day. Especially for the whack-a-mole machine. That kind of hand speed is unprecedented...it is comparable to Ghost Ax Spirit Mother's record of 862 stabs per second. If The teacher guessed right. This person is Ghost Ax Spirit Mother herself!"

Having said this, Wang Ling suddenly felt speechless.

Mr. Wang Zukang’s conjecture...is completely off track!!!

At this time, Mr. Wang Zukang mentioned "Aqian", which also caused a heated discussion in the class.

"Arcade?"

"Aqian? So it's him..." Chen Chao said in awe: "This man is very strong! He even broke the shooting record I have always maintained!"

"Who is Forrest Gump? Which one is Gump? Sweet Gump?"

"It's not the Aqian from Forrest Gump! It's dry! It's clean! It's dry!"

When Chen Chao said this, his pupils suddenly shrank slightly and he looked at Wang Ling.

After a few seconds, he looked away from Wang Ling again...

Although Chen Chao did not place the suspicion on himself in the end.

But sometimes it has to be said.

Wang Ling really has the urge to kill Chen Chao...

...

The truth about Ghost Ax Spirit Mother. Except for Wang Ling and a few people from the Divine Realm, no one in the class knows.

Mr. Wang Zukang spoke cheerfully, but most of the people in the class just listened to the excitement.

A class ended. Mr. Wang Zukang was in a good mood. Not long after he returned to his desk and sat down, a summons from the principal's office turned into a shining stream of light and flew from a distance. This light exploded in front of his eyes. It turns into little bits of powder. It looks particularly dazzling.

Principal Chen’s call?

Mr. Wang Zukang stood up immediately.

Principal's Office. Principal Chen's expression looks very serious. It stands to reason that Number 60 High School won the national competition. Principal Chen should be the happiest person.

However, with this expression now, it is obviously not normal.

"Old Chen. What's the matter with your constipated expression?" Mr. Wang Zukang was not polite. He sat directly on the mahogany chair beside him and poured himself a cup of tea. As a teacher at Number 60 High School Backbone. He doesn't need to stick to small details like etiquette in front of the principal.

Principal Chen took a deep breath and expressed his distress: "Yi Zhiyang's injury is more serious than imagined."

"Is he that guy from Jian Shen Academy?"

Mr. Wang Zukang raised his eyebrows. This is General Yi's adopted son. Even if he is injured, the arrangement of medical resources will not be bad.

"Physical injuries can naturally be healed, but psychological injuries are a bit difficult." Principal Chen sighed. He turned the magic ball on his desk. The picture of Yi Zhiyang was projected into the void. The whole person is covered like a mummy.

"The best treatment method has been used. If the gauze is removed tomorrow, the whole person will look brand new. But..." At this point, Principal Chen changed the angle of the picture again. He isolated the eyes of Yi Zhiyang. enlarge.

In an instant, Mr. Wang Zukang understood what had happened to White Hair.

The sharp and arrogant look in this young man's eyes that he used to have on the playing field has disappeared. Now he looks a little dull.

"Is this... autistic after being beaten?" Mr. Wang Zukang was immediately stunned.

"Worse than autism."

Principal Chen said: "According to President Qi's judgment, Yi Zhiyang is suffering from a kind of stress psychological trauma. It is also known as the invasion of pseudo-inner demons."

The so-called invasion of pseudo-inner demons means that it will not occur in the short term. But as time goes by, the souls of those affected will be devoured step by step. In the end, it will completely fail. It may even lead to blackening... The longest incubation period can even be several years.

Because it is impossible to judge the degree of soul devouring at each stage, psychotherapy cannot be as crude an intervention as treating the invasion of inner demons. Otherwise, it will have the opposite effect.

The intervention is too superficial. It cannot be eradicated.

If the intervention is too deep, the disease may be cured, but the person will become a fool.

So. This is more troublesome than the real invasion of inner demons.

"Have you seen President Qi?"

"President Qi's intervention ability is too strong. In fact, this matter is not suitable for President Qi to do personally. In the final analysis, Yi Zhiyang will become like this. We also have certain responsibilities."

At this point, Principal Chen revealed the difficulties he is currently facing: "The best treatment plan currently given by psychologists is that we hope we can convince the classmate Sun Rong to compete with Yi Zhiyang and then have a holiday. race."

"This...Huaguo Shui Lian Group can agree?" Mr. Wang Zukang was surprised.

"So I'm looking for you to find a solution, right?" Principal Chen looked helpless.

On one side are the investors and school directors of Number 60 High School. On the other side is General Yi's Jian Shen College...

No matter who it is between the two, Principal Chen doesn't want to offend.





Chapter 1220 Mr. Wang Zukang negotiates with Principal Chen


General Yi has retired on the surface, but in fact he still controls certain rights. When Principal Chen was at Qixing, General Yi was still his swordsmanship teacher. On the one hand, he was a teacher who was kind to him. On the other hand, he was the teacher of Number 60 High School today. The biggest financial backer, dad. How to weigh the two put Principal Chen in a dilemma.

Helpless. Principal Chen had no choice but to call Mr. Wang Zukang here. Among all the teachers in the school, Mr. Wang Zukang is prudent and worthy of a big responsibility. He is also one of the people Principal Chen has always trusted most. If he is a hundred years later, Retire from this position. Principal Chen even had plans to let Mr. Wang Zukang take over as the next generation principal.

"Old Wang. What do you think we should do about this matter..."

"Sun Yiyuan is a businessman. He may not agree to this matter, but he may put forward some conditions." Mr. Wang Zukang lowered his head and thought. As for what kind of conditions it is, it is difficult for Mr. Wang Zukang to guess. The Huaguo Shui Lian Group is as rich as any country. And Mr. Sun, the high-ranking Boss, has gotten almost everything he wants in his life.

What such a man needs is really hard to predict.

"What you said makes sense." Principal Chen strongly agreed with Mr. Wang Zukang's point of view.

"There are no people who cannot be friends without their quirks. Even Mr. Sun must have something he wants but can't get."

Mr. Wang Zukang said deeply: "Not everything can be bought with money."

Principal Chen pondered for a moment. He stood up from his seat. He straightened his clothes and said, "As for this matter, I'd like you to come with me."

"I have classes this afternoon."

"Find someone to take your place. Or just say that you are sick. The teachers in our school's physical education department get sick every day. How normal."

"When will we leave?"

"now!"

...

Songhai City. The weather suddenly darkened in the afternoon. Dark clouds rolled over the city in the sky. The glory and brightness of the whole world seemed to be obscured. During the storm, Principal Chen and Mr. Wang Zukang rode in the principal's car of Number 60 High School. To Huaguo Shui Lian Group Building.

"It's rare to see such weather. It looks like the end of the world." Principal Chen turned his gaze to the window. The rain was so heavy that the car's wipers didn't work at all. The driver could only turn on the psychic barrier to block the rain.

The psychic barrier is suitable for such extreme weather. It can also prevent car accidents. But the disadvantage is that it consumes a lot of fuel when turned on. In order to save gas money, Principal Chen usually does not get out of the way when going out.

"Remember to turn it off when the rain subsides later," Principal Chen said to the driver.

"eh..." the driver nodded helplessly.

"You are too fussy." Mr. Wang Zukang laughed.

"There's no way. You'll know when you sit in this position. We only have so much money in total. We still have to save some. We can't be extravagant and wasteful."

...

Huaguo Shui Lian Group Building. Boss Mr. Sun is appreciating some calligraphy paintings on his desk. The joy of the poor is money. The joy of the rich lies in literature and art. These calligraphy paintings are all written by Situ, a famous calligrapher in modern times. . The full name is "Ten Perfect Landscape Pictures". There are ten pictures in total!

Mr. Boss Sun spent a huge price to buy three of the ten pictures from other calligraphy collectors. Jiang Xiaoche stood aside and couldn't help sighing. He felt that Wang Ling likes to eat crispy noodles. Ji Ka. This personality is somewhat similar to that of his old man.

After looking at the time, Jiang Xiaoche decided to remind him: "Master, it is said that he is already on his way."

"I knew that Chen Tianxiang would be unable to hold back and come to look for me." Sun Yiyuan smiled lightly, showing an expression as if he had everything under control. In Songhai City, the Huaguo Shui Lian Group has a lot of eyeliners, and there is no sign of any trouble. Under control. The old man sitting with pancakes and fruit in front of Number 60 High School is actually from the Huaguo Shui Lian Group.

"Are you really going to help Yi Zhiyang?"

"That little guy is really pitiful. He was beaten into autism by Rongrong in a few rounds. Rongrong's attack was indeed a bit harsh. After this incident, didn't I immediately ask you to send someone to deliver the medicine? In order not to We have been responsible for the physical injuries. The psychological problems are also on our shoulders. I'm afraid this is a bit unjustifiable."

Sun Yiyuan said this. Jiang Xiaoche nodded like a chicken pecking at rice: "That's what the master said."

Some children today are indeed psychologically fragile. Perhaps it is due to the inferiority complex caused by differences in family environment. Or perhaps it is because their parents are spoiled and pampered. If they are a little wronged, they will die.

Obviously, Yi Zhiyang's situation today has something to do with General Yi's education.

"This Yi Zhiyang has been called the invincible player in the world since he was a child. He also received the true inheritance of General Yi. He has never lost a game since he was a child..." Jiang Xiaoche said.

"It's not a good thing to be too smooth. When Rongrong was growing up, I also deliberately arranged for many Golden Core masters to pretend to be in the Foundation Building stage and fight her. She lost several times."

"Master is wise..." Jiang Xiaoche knew this.

These men are sent to fight with the lady. At the same time, they must ensure that the lady cannot be hurt during the fight. The pay for one hit is extremely high, comparable to his salary for a year!

However, Jiang Xiaoche still didn't understand something about Yi Zhiyang: "Master, I have a question."

"You said."

"Since you can disguise yourself, why not let others use the transformation technique to pretend to be a lady and fight Yi Zhiyang?"

"This is the most troublesome part." Sun Yiyuan said: "The little guy used the Wuji Sword Qi when he fought against Rongrong. It is said that anyone who has competed with the Wuji Sword Qi will have a special smell on his body. Only the Wuji Sword Qi Only the user of Qi can smell it. The transformation technique can't deceive that little guy at all."

Hearing this, Jiang Xiaoche understood instantly.

He sighed in his heart that his master had a thorough view of things. He was able to sit at the head of the consortium and build the Huaguo Shui Lian Group so well. Without two brushes, he really couldn't sit in this position.

And Jiang Xiaoche knows that his old man is actually very advanced, but he has never shown it to outsiders. Even Jiang Xiaoche has been on the list of assistants for so many years and has never seen Mr. Boss Sun take action.

A few minutes later, Jiang Xiaoche saw the prompt from the building security team.

"Sir, they have arrived. They are downstairs." Jiang Xiaoche said.

"Ask them to come up."

Sun Yiyuan waved his hand. He didn't even raise his eyes. He continued to stare at the several calligraphy paintings on his desk and appreciate them.

Over there, Jiang Xiaoche was just about to arrange work. Boss Sun suddenly stopped him: "Wait a minute."

"Do you have any other instructions, sir?"

"I've seen enough of these calligraphy treasures. Take them out and find someone to copy a few of them. Give them away for me."

"Who do you want to give it to?"

"It's the same people. Keep it secret."

"Yes, sir."





Chapter 1221 Boss Sun’s Conditions


Principal Chen, Mr. Wang Zukang has been waiting on the reception sofa on the first floor for a long time.

Downstairs of the building. Jiang Xiaoche, dressed in an exquisite suit, went downstairs to greet him in person. With a very professional smile on his face: "You two have been waiting for a long time. The chairman asked you to go upstairs to talk."

"Okay." Principal Chen nodded.

The two of them had just stood up. Jiang Xiaoche smiled and praised: "I have heard about the reputation of Principal Chen and Teacher Wang for a long time. It is really a blessing to meet today. Xiaoche grew up under the cultivation of Huaguo Shui Lian Group." It’s a completely closed management study. I don’t have the opportunity to go to school to experience life. It’s really a pity.”

"Then Secretary Jiang is welcome to come to our Number 60 High School to experience life at any time." Principal Chen heard this and was polite.

"It's easy to talk." Jiang Xiaoche smiled as he led the two of them towards the elevator.

Mr. Wang Zukang met Jiang Xiaoche for the first time. I just felt that this young boy with oily hair and pink face exuded a strong social atmosphere.

To be honest, he didn't like it very much.

If a cultivator's pyrotechnics are too strong, it will also have an impact on the realm. Based on Mr. Wang Zukang's experience in the world of cultivation, he observes words and colors, and recognizes people. He has his own set of rules. So his impression of Jiang Xiaoche is not very good.

As a secretary, the most important thing is to be able to do things quietly. Sooner or later, being smooth will lead to big trouble.

Mr. Wang Zukang shook his head secretly. He did not expose this point directly. He could not tell Boss Sun why he kept such a person on the side. Sun Yiyuan could make the company so prosperous. Watch people His ability may not be weaker than his. Maybe Jiang Xiaoche is also his chess piece.

The elevator quickly rose to the highest point of the building. Under the leadership of Jiang Xiaoche, Principal Chen and Mr. Wang Zukang walked through the corridor leading to the office. On both sides of the corridor were calligraphy and paintings by everyone in the literary and art circles. Principal Chen secretly watched Amazing...this is the strength of the Huaguo Shui Lian Group. The paintings in the corridor. Just selling one of them is enough to renovate Number 60 High School two or three times.

A huge office. Boss Mr. Sun is sitting on the spacious sofa, playing with the tea set on the table. Three cups have been poured. Principal Chen and Mr. Wang Zukang have just been introduced. Jiang Xiaoche consciously stood aside and then gently Exit the office. Close the door. Guard the door skillfully.

"Mr. Sun is very knowledgeable. It seems that he already knows the purpose of our trip." When Principal Chen saw this scene, he knew that this uninvited visit between him and Mr. Wang Zukang had been completely ignored by the gray hair in front of him. The old man who lost his heroic spirit took control with one hand.

I have long heard that the Huaguo Shui Lian Group has spies all over the world. The intelligence grid is even comparable to that of the Office of Strategic Deception. Especially in Songhai City, it is bottomless.

At this time, Principal Chen and Mr. Wang Zukang fully understood this power.

"There is no need to be rigid between you and me. Let's sit down and talk. Teacher Wang doesn't need to be too rigid. You are one of the most trustworthy people around Tianxiang." Boss Sun smiled. He immediately put the brewed tea on the table. Pushing it in front of the two of them: "In school. Teacher Wang takes such good care of Rongrong. I am very grateful."

"Mr. Sun, you're too polite. It's just your duty as a people's teacher."

Mr. Wang Zukang smiled. As soon as he picked up the tea, Mr. Boss Sun's next sentence immediately made him freeze.

"I don't know. Is Teacher Wang's junior brother still okay?"

When he said this, there was no wave on Sun Yiyuan's face. He still had a kind smile, but there was a coolness that could penetrate the bones.

"Teacher Wang also has a junior brother?" Principal Chen was surprised. Even he didn't know about this.

Mr. Wang Zukang thought that his identity and the affairs of his junior brother, Taotie Taoist, had been well hidden. It could be described as seamless. He did not expect that he would be embarrassed in front of Mr. Boss Sun today.

However, it was obvious that the other party did not intend to expose him directly. Instead, he gave him an indirect blow.

"Yes... of course there is..." Mr. Wang Zukang had no choice but to continue following the conversation: "It's a junior fellow student I haven't contacted for many years. He is also a teacher. He is currently working in another school."

"Zukang, you are not interesting enough. Our Number 60 High School is in need of talents. Wouldn't it be nice if you directly recommended them to our school?" Principal Chen was immediately displeased.

"His teachings are actually very average..."

"You have always had high standards and requirements. In my eyes, the average person is already good enough."

"Haha. We can talk about this later. I believe Teacher Wang didn't hide it on purpose. I'm afraid it's his junior brother. The teaching quality is indeed not high." Mr. Boss Sun smoothed things over. His signature kind smile was here. At that time, in the eyes of Mr. Wang Zukang, it was completely like a smile hiding a knife.

Mr. Wang Zukang used his peripheral vision to pass through the heat emanating from the teacup. He looked at Sun Yiyuan secretly. He felt that this person was extremely dangerous and unfathomable.

"Tianxiang. Are you here for Yi Zhiyang this time?" Then Boss Sun asked straight to the point.

"Sure enough, nothing can be hidden from Mr. Sun's eyes." Principal Chen was noncommittal.

"I also know the opinion given by the psychologist. It is nothing more than asking us Rongrong to play a fake match with him again and deliberately lose to him."

"Don't worry, Mr. Sun. The competition is pseudo-public. We will make arrangements for everyone involved. The competition footage will not be leaked. It will not have any impact on the stock of Huaguo Shui Lian Group..."

"That's not what I'm worried about. But cracking down on match-fixing will eventually involve the face of our Sun family." Boss Sun said, "What's more, this little guy is the adopted son of General Yi. Even if we have to crack down on match-fixing, it will be used to treat this problem." The little guy’s psychological problem. Shouldn’t the sword master come to me personally?”

"Ten generals are busy with official duties...Mr. Sun should understand..."

"I don't care if he is a general or a ketchup. Since you are asking for help, you should have an attitude. But, this time, Tianxiang, you are here in person. It's not like I can't give you a favor."

Mr. Wang Zukang chuckled to himself. He talked in circles for a long time. Everything was exactly as he had imagined at the beginning... The old fox really started to make conditions!

"Mr. Sun, please tell me. As long as the request is not too excessive, we can discuss it." Principal Chen was a little nervous. He didn't know what Sun Yiyuan wanted.

"To tell you the truth, due to some reasons, our Rongrong family may need to take a break from school for a while. During the break, I will invite the best teachers to come and teach."

When Boss Sun said this, he couldn't help but let out a sigh. Even his voice began to tremble: "But you two also know. The feelings that we Rongrong have accumulated for our classmates and teachers in the school during this half-term. In a moment. It's hard to let go of time. Her parents died early. As a grandfather, I can't bear to let Rongrong suffer this kind of separation..."

"Then what Mr. Sun means..." Principal Chen seemed to have understood something after hearing this.

"I hope that the students in the elite class of your school can take turns coming to our Sun Family Villa to accompany my Rongrong to class. I will give high compensation to the students who accompany them!"

"Compensation?"

"Material compensation, as well as spiritual compensation. Whatever you want, as long as our Sun family can provide it, we can provide it." Boss Sun said: "I have written the rotation list of accompanying students!"

"This...can I take a look first?" Principal Chen wiped his sweat.

"Of course." Sun Yiyuan took out the prepared list from his pocket.

Principal Chen and Mr. Wang Zukang took the order and took a look.

I saw on the roster that Boss Sun had indeed made a detailed plan.

Accompany designated students on Monday: Wang Ling.

Accompany designated students on Tuesday: Wang Ling.

Wednesday. Wang Ling...

Friday...

Or. Wang Ling.

Principal Chen, Mr. Wang Zukang: "..." What about the agreed rotation?!





Chapter 1222 The boss of the killer world


During class that day, Wang Ling stared at the blackboard with his head in a daze. His eyelids were beating wildly. Even when he went to the toilet and looked in the mirror, he could see his frown and dark clouds covering his head, which seemed like a sign of death. It felt like the stars were coming... It wasn't until the afternoon when school was almost over that my eyelids stopped twitching abnormally.

The negotiations between Sun Yiyuan and Principal Chen, Mr. Wang Zukang eventually broke up.

Principal Chen failed to agree to Boss Sun's conditions because he could not make the decision on behalf of Wang Ling in this matter.

The behavior of paying to accompany students is a bit of class-based privilege. The Sun family is from a superior family. Using money to find a student whose family is not as well-off as the Sun family to accompany him to study. Doesn't this really affect a child's self-esteem?

Number 60 High School teaches and educates people. Results are important. But Chen Tianxiang actually pays more attention to the psychological development of children.

To be honest, he thinks Mr. Boss Sun's behavior is a little excessive. If he just suggested that the teachers from Number 60 High School take time to provide tutoring, he thinks this is still okay. And tutoring is tutoring. The teacher who provides tutoring cannot charge a single point. Money. Otherwise, this matter will go sour.

On the way back, the air pressure in the private car was very low. Mr. Wang Zukang stared out the window. His voice was as calm as when he left: "Is this really good?"

Principal Chen skillfully took out a cigarette from the inner pocket of his clothes. He lit the cigarette using the rapid friction of his index finger and thumb to generate heat. He took a deep breath. There was a bit of a bitter smile on his face: "I have mine. The bottom line of principles is to teach and educate people. If even I, the principal, don't have the rules, how can I lead the teachers and children below."

"I understand." Mr. Wang Zukang nodded.

However, after this trip, he and Principal Chen can be sure that even if the negotiations fail to reach an agreement, the Sun family's investment in the construction of Number 60 High School will not be less. With the Sun family's financial resources. I won’t even think of retracting my previous promise just because of this trivial matter.

For businessmen, breaking trust is a taboo.

"Do you think Mr. Sun's personality is the kind of person who makes unreasonable demands?" Mr. Wang Zukang suddenly asked after the car was silent for a moment.

Principal Chen frowned: "It seems that you have noticed it too."

"Is the Sun family in trouble?"

"It should be a big trouble." Principal Chen nodded: "A trouble that would make Sun Yiyuan sick and seek medical treatment in a hurry. This trouble must be closely related to Sun Rong."

"Yeah. But I still have a question."

"You said."

"How strong is Sun Yiyuan?"

"Above me. On the same level as the Ten Generals."

"The same level as the Ten Generals?" Mr. Wang Zukang was surprised.

No wonder Mr. Sun, the boss, felt confident about the sword master just now.

It turns out the answer is here.

...

On the other side, Wang Ling was sitting cross-legged on his bed with bare feet. He was trying his best to figure out the reason why his eyelids were twitching wildly in the afternoon. Then all he could think about was the face of Mr. Boss Sun, who looked kind-hearted but had a hidden smile.

Sure enough... visiting Sun Rong the day before yesterday still produced a butterfly effect. Trouble began to come one after another. However, Wang Ling on Sun Rong had already used King's Eyes to detect her. There was nothing strange about his body, nor was there any curse. So he didn't really understand why Mr. Boss Sun was so nervous.

Some charlatans say, I have heard it and let it pass. If you take yourself too seriously, you will often be the one who gets hurt.

However, the older generation seems to have a little bit of superstition in them. This superstition used to be reflected in various unrealistic folk remedies. Now it is reflected in all kinds of lavish health care articles in the circle of friends.

Sun Rong is the only granddaughter of Mr. Boss Sun. It is understandable that the old man loves Wang Ling so much. This kind of doting across generations. Wang Ling has also felt it in Mr. Wang.

Even though Mr. Wang has Alzheimer's disease, he still remembers to give himself fruits to eat. He pedaled a tricycle from the village to the door of the villa. This incident gave Wang Ling a big shock at the time. He felt that he I will never forget it for the rest of my life.

...

Tonight. The person cooking is Father Wang.

It was less than a month before the due date. Mother Wang needed a quieter time to raise her baby. So Father Wang obediently took over the housework, including laundry, cleaning, and even cooking.

But the problem is. Father Wang has never cooked...

So the night before, Mother Wang personally found Wang Ling to have a heart-to-heart talk. She had no other request. She only asked Wang Ling to help decorate the kitchen utensils at home. Try not to discourage Father Wang from cooking. of positivity.

Wang Ling is an obedient child. He will naturally act according to Mother Wang's wishes.

So tonight, the dishes Father Wang served out were indeed very good. But these dishes were all made with the effect of "Legendary Kitchen Utensils". With these kitchen utensils in hand, even people who can no longer cook can make them. The dishes that come out look like the female anchor has added a beauty filter.

Sour potato shreds, spicy oil-boiled fish, grandma's braised pork, steamed gluten balls, cold assorted vegetables...

"It tastes good!" Mother Wang picked up a chopstick, with a happy smile on her face.

"Oh my god. Is this true? This is my first time cooking here. I just followed the steps in the video. Who thought I was so talented?" Father Wang was also shocked by his skills.

At this time, Wang Ling took another look at the pots, pans, ladles and shovels that he had inspired... According to the feedback from King's Eyes, the durability of these kitchen utensils has dropped to 1/99...

Wang Ling was eating dishes that were almost the same as those made in restaurants. I sighed in my heart. Fortunately, Father Wang later became an Internet writer. Otherwise, he would definitely be a good idea to make nuclear bombs... I only made one It was just a meal. The kitchen utensils he had cooked with his own hands were almost scrapped. This shows how amazing Father Wang's destructive power is.

Father Wang has the habit of turning on the TV and listening to the news while eating.

Just as we cut to Mao Channel 1, the dignified and well-dressed female anchor suddenly received an urgent document from the side. The female anchor's face was calm and calm. This reflected her extremely high professionalism: "The following is an urgent news. "

"Songhai City has just uncovered a criminal case of pretending to be a killer. The criminal suspect Ke is under emergency interrogation in the Number 1 Prison in Songhai City. It is reported that Ke has planned many professional assassination criminal activities and pretended to be the leader of the killer industry. Challenge. Earn illegally high challenge fees..."

Mother Wang watched the news and was amazed: "These days, when did Zhenyangtai speak for the killer world..."

Father Wang smiled and said: "Dear, you don't understand this. I heard that since Shadow Stream was taken away, the killer circle has started to become more virtuous. In the past few months, we have solved many cases with the Xiuzhen Police Department. ."

Mother Wang clicked her tongue: "This boss of the killer world is really weird!"

Wang Ling: "..."

This boss is you!





Chapter 1223 The person pretending to be Ghost Ax Spirit Mother


After dinner, we verified with Wang Ling and the Office of Strategic Deception. The prisoner mentioned by the female anchor of Zhenyang Channel is actually the person who has been pretending to be Mother Wang and acting as the "Ghost Ax Spirit Mother".

This person's full name is Keorn Duncan. He is a blond and blue-eyed foreign cultivator. Lord Diu Lei sent the photo to Wang Ling for a look. This person is thin and does not look like Wang Ling to the West. The inherent impression of a cultivator.

Of course. Wang Ling also admits that he seems to be a bit rigid in this regard. However, in his understanding, Western cultivators do have certain requirements for bodybuilding.

During the meeting of the International Cultivator Alliance, Western cultivators can tell by the size of their muscles. In contrast, Eastern cultivators pay more attention to the beauty of their bones, because the muscles on their bodies will naturally grow as they practice cultivation. But you can use magic to condense your muscles so that you don't look so exaggerated.

So in comparison, the cultural differences between the East and the West can be seen in the "muscles". One is reserved and the other is unrestrained and enthusiastic. However, it is not ruled out that there are a small number of Eastern or Western cultivators who are influenced by each other's culture. Choose to go the other side's route.

"Brother Ling, he was not like this before." Lord Diu Lei sent Keorn's current photo. Then he gave him an ID photo of Keorn. The Keorn in the ID photo is exactly what Wang Ling originally thought. It does look like a bunch of muscles.

But appearance is not the key. It is the document itself.

Wang Ling was surprised to find that this Keorn is actually from SBP!

"SBP. What is this?" Er Ha was puzzled.

Lord Diu Lei said during the call: "It is an investigation organization that is parallel to the SCP Foundation. SCP is committed to investigating various unconfirmed cultivation secrets, magic weapons or mutant spiritual beasts. The SBP is equivalent to a detective investigation organization. It is affiliated with the International Cultivating Institute. They are under the Alliance of Explorers. However, the things they investigated are all based on evidence. This time they visited the Huaxiu country, they must have another purpose. Now they are sending Keorn to engage in espionage."

Wang Ling gently touched his chin. He felt that Keorn might be carrying an ulterior secret.

"According to the clues obtained so far, Keorn has been in Huaxiu country for a long time in order to investigate something. In order to completely confirm his identity as a local cultivator, he changed his appearance and disguised himself as an Oriental. He also pretended to be the Ghost Ax Spirit Mother. . Fraudulent activity funds and investigation funds."

"This SBP is so stingy? It doesn't even give you any money?"

"Obviously. Keorn doesn't intend to take this risk. Once caught, he will be deported directly." Lord Diu Lei actually felt a little confused when he said this.

Judging from what we know so far, Keorn actually didn't do anything bad when he was pretending to be Ghost Ax Spirit Mother. Most of the people he killed were wanted criminals, including those who died in the stalactite cave before being resurrected before appearing. The Dark Ancestor Xie Sanxiao also died at the hands of Keorn.

This person's strength is also very strong.

If Diu Lei's combat power had not been superior, it would not have been possible to find clues and capture Keorn in such a short period of time.

"Did he explain anything?" Er Ha asked.

"Not a word has been mentioned so far. Moreover, a powerful forbidden curse has been planted on him. If he speaks even half a word, he will die. Forcibly breaking it will also trigger the effect of the forbidden curse. So this time I called Brother Ling. I also wanted to ask Ling. Brother, do you have any good ideas?" Lord Diu Lei said on the phone.

Although his level is high now, there are many kinds of forbidden spells in the world of cultivation. In addition, Lord Diu Lei is not particularly proficient in spells and other things. Now he is trapped in this dilemma.

If possible, Diu Lei actually doesn't want to trouble Wang Ling. But the problem is that this SBP is a bit cunning. Even violent demolition will endanger lives. This is a bit difficult to handle.

As for Wang Ling, there must be a way.

But what exactly is this forbidden curse? Wang Ling still needs to wait and see before we can be sure.

...

So that night, Er Ha received instructions from Wang Ling. Instead of Wang Ling, he came to Songhai City Number 1 Prison. Two guards at the prison gate saw a green dog with fluorescent hair all over its body under the night. Appear here. Open the gate immediately to let out.

Nowadays, it is somewhat famous in the Office of Strategic Deception. This feeling of being respected by others makes Er Ha feel comfortable. It feels that it has found the same sense of social status as when it was the demon king in the demon world."

Fistula in the prison. Lord Diu Lei was guarding the door. When he saw Er Ha appear, he immediately stepped forward to greet him: "Brother Ling is not here?" Although he had a smile on his face, it was obvious that Er Ha could read a hint of disappointment in his tone.

Er Ha walked in without raising his head: "Little Master Ling still has unfinished homework. He doesn't have to do these trivial matters himself."

"It's not a little bit..."

"New question type. I haven't fully mastered the two monsters yet. I need Little Master Ling to do it first."

This reason is very good. For a moment, Lord Diu Lei was unable to refute.

As expected of your brother! Even if the sky falls, it can't stop him from finishing his homework!

After a moment of silence, Lord Diu Lei said: "But if brother Ling doesn't come, who else can break this forbidden curse?"

"It can be solved." After saying that, Er Ha spit out a glass bottle from his mouth. Lord Diu Lei saw that there was a floating eyeball in it... Although it had been taken out, Lord Diu Lei still glanced at it. I recognized it as the dead fish eye of Wang Ling.

"Little Master Ling asked me to wear an eyeball. It is enough to lift the forbidden spell."

"As expected of your brother..." Lord Diu Lei held the glass bottle religiously and couldn't help but praise.

"Don't do weird things to the glass bottle. Although this eyeball has been peeled off, the Little Master Eyeball also has feelings."

"Brother Dog filtered it. How could a person like me do strange things to Brother Ling's eyes? The only person in the world who can do strange things is Ling's brother."

Er Ha ha ha. I thought that the crow laughing at the pig black is also very interesting.

...

One person and one dog came to the interrogation room. Keorn was wearing a spirit chain and eating the box lunch provided by Warden Liang. Because of the forbidden spell, Warden Liang knew that even asking himself would be useless. It was better to let Keorn eat something first to avoid the foreigner. After the curse was lifted, I found excuses to shirk the blame.

You must know that their prison's attitude towards prisoners has always been good.

It's just that Warden Liang didn't expect Keorn to eat an astonishingly large amount of crispy chicken drumstick rice. He has already eaten more than 120 servings.

The eaten lunch boxes piled up into a hill next to Keorn...

"This SBP is too stingy. They don't even pay for meals. Look, this kid is hungry."

When Er Ha arrived, he was shocked by the scene in front of him, "This guy is a match for the wildebeest."

"Xiao Yin's food intake has also decreased recently. He said he wants to lose weight. He doesn't even order takeout." Lord Diu Lei said: "He only grew taller by eating meat. His wings didn't grow at all. He can hardly fly anymore."

"..."

"Keorn." At this time, Er Ha stared at the blue-eyed young man grabbing rice in the interrogation room.

As soon as the young man raised his head, Lord Diu Lei opened the stopper of the glass bottle. Wang Ling's King's Eyes turned into a ray of light and flashed in front of Keorn!

Buzz! The color of the King's Eyes begins to turn white. It emits a holy radiance!

The entire interrogation room was suddenly shrouded in a dazzling light!

"As expected of your brother..."

"This is the effect of eye purification. It can purify all spells. It is a normal ability. Previously, the Lord's eyes had the effect of pregnant eyes. But this ability was removed by the Lord."

"Pregnancy eyes?"

"Just stare at whoever is pregnant."

After Er Ha finished speaking, I felt helpless.

It feels like Wang Ling is still prescient.

If we really have the ability to "pregnant eyes" and let a few more little Wang Ling appear in this world for no reason... the earth will probably be directly exploded!





Chapter 1224 Why is Kuxuan so short?


At this time, the International League of Cultivators SBP is holding a secret meeting. Seven groups of black figures appear at the meeting table. This is the messenger of SBP. They can make decisions together and formulate the organization's next action plan by voting.

In order to ensure the fairness of the vote, starting from the day the SBP organization was established, the identities of the seven people selected as emissaries by the alliance were concealed. None of them knew the identities of each other, thus eliminating the possibility of internal bribery.

As a prestigious investigation organization affiliated with the Alliance, the coordinates of the Dark Ancestor Evil Three Smiles that shocked the world were calculated by these seven people.

But it's a pity that because of a major mistake, their final calculation was a little late and they failed to capture the Dark Ancestor alive.

In the end, Xie Sanxiao died of pride and trust. He died because he could not withstand the spiritual energy poured into his body by the Tianmai Master Valve... And in order to preserve the reputation of the organization, the seven envoys of SBP finally agreed to launch a hero. And this The hero is the ancestor of Zhuo Yi: Zuo Butong. (For details, please review {Chapter 1105: Dark Ancestor Xie Sanxiao and Zuo Butong})

"I, Judgment, invite you here this time to say something." Among the seven, the black shadow in the middle made a sharp and funny sound. Everyone's voices were processed, making it impossible to distinguish between men and women. .

Without knowing each other's names, they can only refer to each other by code names.

The seats for each meeting are fixed. The person who speaks now and sits in seat 4. Calls himself the judge.

"What happened?" The person in position 1 asked. His/her code name is Moon. It is a code name that looks very feminine. But this does not mean that the person in position 1 is a woman.

"Keorn Duncan. has been discovered." The voice of the judge sounded extremely serious. All of a sudden, the scores in the field began to become tense.

"Keorn was sent to the Huaxiu country 20 years ago. It has been flawless for many years. Why was he discovered?" Everyone was puzzled.

In order to allow Keorn to integrate better there, they even cut off all contact with Keorn afterwards. They placed all their faith on Keorn, hoping that he could investigate the whole story and eventually return to the Foundation.

"It's because of the Office of Strategic Deception," said Xingxing at position 2. No one knew exactly where "Xingxing" came from. However, this person was just like his codename. He seemed to have the prophetic ability of an astrologer. He often had the ability to see in his hands. Can get more information than others.

"Yes." The judge nodded: "Originally, Keorn's method of pretending to be the Ghost Ax Spirit Mother, the ancestor of the killer world, to obtain funds was indeed impeccable. However, in a recent operation, he exposed himself. A man with strange resurrection appeared in Huaxiu country. The weirdo of magic. This man resurrected Evil Three Smiles..."

"so it is."

At this time, Taiyang in position 3 sighed: "Back then, Keorn was only one step away from annihilating this Dark Ancestor man."

"This matter. It must be our mistake. We did not consider such an unexpected situation. Keorn lost his mind. He stabbed the Dark Ancestor 862 times in one second, killing him on the spot." Number 4 The trial said: "He made up for the regrets of the past. But at the same time, he also exposed his whereabouts. This finally gave the Office of Strategic Deception an opportunity."

The discussion ended at this point. At this moment, the black shadow at position 7 suddenly flickered. Then it disappeared on the spot.

"The Fool. Are you leaving again?"

"That's all. He does this every time."

"The signal at home is not good?"

"The devil knows what he is doing."

Judgment was already used to seeing the Fool leave the table many times. Then Judgment turned his attention to the chariot in position 5 and the fate of position 6: "You two, do you have any ideas?"

Chariot's voice was as steady and rough as the code name: "I'm not worried about Keorn leaking the secret at all. He has always been very strict with his mouth. And he doesn't have the guts to tell this secret. The seven of us have placed a seven-level forbidden curse on him. Once the forbidden curse is initiated, everyone in his family will be implicated. He should be very clear about the consequences of speaking out."

Destiny remains silent. Although he/she is present, there is actually no difference between his/her presence and absence. However, Destiny never misses any meeting, and often mentions some important events at critical moments.

The remaining people waited for a while. Seeing that Destiny still had no intention of speaking, the judge, as the host, cleared his throat and continued the discussion: "As Chariot said. I also believe that Keorn will not tell the story. We No one in the world can break the seven-fold forbidden spell that we jointly set. What happened 20 years ago was a decision we made. For the sake of the foundation... please also continue to stand firm."

...

Songhai City Number 1 Prison. Prison guards are on both sides. The security is extremely tight.

This scale is no less than when the old devil was first imprisoned. In order to prevent unexpected situations from happening, Warden Liang arranged a matryoshka-like assembly outside. A total of no less than fifty patrol teams of 10 people were integrated to patrol around the prison.

Lord Diu Lei judged that Keorn has a big unknown secret.

SBP placed multiple forbidden curses on this person. Once the secret is revealed, the whole family will be killed... This level of threat is often directly proportional to the importance of the secret behind it.

20 years ago, Keorn had been lurking in the Huaxiu Kingdom to conduct a secret investigation of something. The Foundation deliberately and deliberately secretly buried this person's purpose of going to the Huaxiu Kingdom. It has to be doubtful.

"Mr. Keorn. Even if you don't say anything now, we can still arrest you for espionage and lock you up here for a hundred, two hundred years. With three of the most famous people in our prison...them Now there is a shortage of three. I have been looking for a long time, but I can't find the right person to imprison." Warden Liang used the microphone to talk to Keorn through the glass wall. He paid close attention to Keorn's expression and watched the other person's micro-expression. .

Inducing confessions is a set of rules that Warden Liang is very familiar with. However, in Keorn's case, this set of rules completely failed.

He has received professional training from SBP and is of very high quality. Even after the forbidden curse has been removed, he still refuses to say anything. No matter what Warden Liang asks, there is no emotion or emotion in the expression on his face.

Close the dialogue button. Warden Liang looked at Lord Diu Lei aside. He felt helpless: "What should I do? Zhenjun... Ordinary interrogation seems to be ineffective against him."

"Everyone has the most fragile thing in their heart. No one is invulnerable."

Lord Diu Lei looked at the young man in front of him through the glass: "If he refuses to say, maybe we can start with him first. Does Warden Liang know where Keorn lived before?"

"Still investigating. There is only a general scope." Warden Liang said.

"It's okay. Brother Dog happens to be here too. Let him track within the range. Keorn's residence should be found soon."

The two hit it off immediately.

Lord Diu Lei is preparing to take Er Ha out to investigate.

As a result, at this time, Warden Liang suddenly received an urgent report. A stream of light exploded in front of his eyes, forming a string of characters that greeted Warden Liang's eyes.

This is a message from within Songhai City’s local Huaxiu Alliance.

"How could this happen..." Warden Liang stared at the content above, his face full of disbelief.

"What's going on?"

"The local Huaxiu Alliance in Songhai City asked us to release him."

"Release... people?"

Lord Diu Lei and Er Ha were stunned at the same time.





Chapter 1225 Why is Kuxuan so long?


Release him? Why do you ask for his release?

This incident made both Warden Liang and Lord Diu Lei feel completely weird. The news that Keorn pretended to be the Ghost Ax Spirit Mother was broadcast to the whole country as an emergency news on Zhenyang Channel tonight. The Office of Strategic Deception is backed by the Huaxiu AllianceGeneral Alliance . The news at night was all arranged by Diu Lei who found someone from General Alliance in order to announce to other branches that this matter will be taken over by General Alliance.

But now a mere branch dares to obstruct it. This is simply unbelievable.

"How interesting. Our operation was not ordered by General Alliance?" Lord Diu Lei asked.

"The General Alliance process is complicated. The relevant documents have not yet been approved...Although the Office of Strategic Deception is affiliated with General Alliance, it actually does not have law enforcement authority." Warden Liang patted the table: "This branch is not far from us. It's very close. It's a quick start. Although I don't know who ordered it, it complies with the rules and procedures."

Warden Liang said this. Lord Diu Lei felt that this matter was starting to become interesting. Knowing that the matter was about to be taken over by the General Alliance, a branch actually jumped out in advance to obstruct it.

"The co-leader of a branch does not have the courage. There must be someone behind this matter."

"Who is the branch leader of Songhai City?"

"Herman."

"Why does it sound like a foreigner's name?"

"He is originally an overseas Chinese. It was only this year that he was transferred to the Huaxiu Alliance branch in Songhai City as the branch co-leader."

Warden Liang showed the summons he had just received requesting his release. It had the double stamps of the Songhai Huaxiu Alliance branch and the alliance leader Heerman. It was absolutely unmistakable.

"What is the rank of a joint commander?" Er Ha asked.

"The strength is similar to that of the principals of major cultivation schools. The stronger half has already stepped into True Immortal. But most of them are in the Itinerant Immortal realm. And they are basically in a state where there is no hope of breaking through in their lifetime."

Er Ha couldn't help but smile when he heard this. It turns out that this is an Itinerant Immortal. You know, True Immortal is almost written into cabbage by the author now!

However, from the tone of Warden Liang, he still felt worried about this matter: "Judging from the attitude in this letter, there must be someone behind the scenes. Otherwise, he would not have the guts as a joint commander."

"What do you think?"

"The current joint commander Hermann is completely hostile to us. Even if he is dismissed from his post and imprisoned, he will do his best to prevent Keorn from being arrested. It seems that the secrets Keorn holds are very likely to have moved someone. A cake from a big boss. And in our country of Huaxiu, there are only a handful of people with such power..." Warden Liang frowned deeply.

The Office of Strategic Deception is not a law enforcement organization. This is a key issue. If there is a conflict between Lord Diu Lei and the branch in Songhai City at this time, the person who wins in the end will also be the branch.

And the overall strength of the branch is not weak. There are twenty groups under one branch. The weakest combat effectiveness is also in the Nascent Soul period. The War Bureau has just been established. The number of people seems to be many, but the number of elite soldiers is very small. Below Many of the disciples are doing odd jobs in the Foundation Building period and Golden Core. If there really is a conflict, even if there are a few big bosses sitting in, it will be self-destructive.

The first level of officialdom kills people. If a Ming sect dares to take action against law enforcement agencies, they will find reasons to kill you from all sides in minutes! Now in the peaceful era, the battles between sects will never be the same as before. Look at each other. If he didn't like it, he would ask several groups of disciples to arrange a fight in front of the mountain gate.

Trade wars, information wars and public opinion wars... are all ways to overwhelm opponents.

If the Office of Strategic Deception takes action now and other sects add fuel to the flames, public opinion will definitely show an overwhelming disadvantage.

A big tree attracts wind. There are too many sects that want to suppress the Office of Strategic Deception.

Warden Liang even suspected that this matter might be a bureau against the Office of Strategic Deception.

These days, Lord Diu Lei's Office of Strategic Deception has been stealing the show in all aspects. Even if it is affiliated to the Huaxiu AllianceGeneral Alliance, is there room for two tigers in this mountain?

The complexity of this matter has exceeded Warden Liang's imagination: "I'm sorry, Zhenjun. This matter has already been ordered by the branch. I can't disobey the orders of my superiors. Unless there is a notice issued by the General Alliance, otherwise I will not We can no longer detain Keorn..."

"I understand."

Lord Diu Lei frowned: "How long can Warden Liang detain him for at most?"

Warden Liang was silent for a moment. He replied: "The order states that he will be released immediately. But including the procedures, I can keep him for another hour at most."

"Then there is Warden Lao Liang."

The two of them held each other's fists and bowed.

Lord Diu Lei then quickly left the prison with Er Ha.

One man and one dog had just left. Warden Liang immediately ordered to the guard next to him: "Go and bring me the 999-question prison satisfaction survey questionnaire."

"The warden really wants to help him..."

"What can I do to help? I am also completing the target given to me by my superiors. This is also a task assigned by the joint commander. It is said that the major prisons must meet the human rights of prisoners during their detention. The investigation was carried out. I am also acting in accordance with the order. "Warden Liang finished speaking and left without looking back. He already felt that this matter was very troublesome.

Now he needs to find someone to calm his thoughts. Whenever he feels depressed, as long as he discusses it with this person, his mood will immediately become better.

Back to the warden's office. Warden Liang picked up the coffee cup on the table and took a sip. He directly used the communication ball to connect to the Office of the Hundred Schools General Administration: "Hello. I am Lao Liang from Songhai Number 1 Prison. Help me pick up Mr. Zhuo. Department's internal information."

Although he had already got off work at this time, he knew very well that Zhuo Yi, a workaholic who devoted his life and blood in the workplace, must still stick to his position.

At this time, Warden Liang was stroking the communication ball and looking out the window.

His intuition told him that a major earthquake was about to occur in the entire Huaxiu country...even the entire world.

...

Lord Diu Lei and Er Ha left the prison. One person and one dog clearly felt that something was wrong with the atmosphere at this time. Especially when Lord Diu Lei contacted General Alliance with the Office of Strategic Deception summons specially issued by Huaxiu Alliance. It was so weird. The feeling instantly poured into Lord Diu Lei's heart.

General Alliance. No one responded to him. No hang-ups, no calls.

This is definitely an abnormal signal.

"No one answered." Er Ha also sensed that something was not right about this matter. From Keorn being caught to the news broadcast on Zhenyang Station. Then to Lord Diu Lei personally accompanying Warden Liang to hear the case. Then to Songhai City. The branch requested that he be released. The whole process took less than 6 hours.

Within 6 hours, there was a pair of invisible hands that covered the sky and the sun. They had already made arrangements behind the scenes and controlled everything...

Who could this person be?

"Do you have an answer?"

"There is no conclusive evidence. I can't doubt anyone. And there are more than one people with such power. We need to find out now. What is the other party hiding? What secrets does Keorn have that cannot be told."

"Don't worry about Keorn. I've planted a mark on him. He can't escape," Er Ha said.

Lord Diu Lei nodded: "Now, let's divide our forces into two groups. I'll take the nearest immortal ship to General Alliance to find someone. You go and contact Zhuo Yi brothers first. In addition, take {{id_00001" with you. }}Brother, please recruit more people."

"Aren't you looking for my Little Master Lingzi?"

"Brother, aren't you still doing your homework? Let's settle this matter first. Don't dare to disturb your homework."

"..."

...

Zhuo Yi was sitting in the office. He felt a little uneasy. He looked at the peaceful and peaceful night outside the office window. It seemed that for a moment he could see dark clouds rolling in. He rubbed the back of his eyes. The dark clouds that disturbed the tranquility appeared again. It disappeared completely before our eyes like an illusion.

Ten minutes ago, he received an intercom call from Warden Liang. Lao Liang didn't leave much content for him. He just talked about the newly detained prisoner Keorn.

A good friend at work. Lao Liang is one of the few friends he can be close to. Although their jobs are very different, they usually talk to each other about any troubles they encounter.

His tone was as calm as usual. He didn't show the slightest hint of panic: "Hey! Brother Zhuo! That news about Keorn Duncan. Have you seen it?"

"Not only did I see it, I also got some information." Zhuo Yi's tone was as usual. He knew that Warden Liang most likely came to him to discuss some gossip about the prisoners. However, because the prisoners arrested this time, Keorn and His master also has a certain relationship. So Zhuo Yi also learned some information through the internal channels of the War Ignorance Bureau.

"I heard that this person is from the SBP Foundation. He has been in Huaxiu country 20 years ago. He travels all over the country to conduct secret investigation activities. He also pretends to be the ancestor of the killer world, Ghost Ax Spirit Mother, to earn funds for activities. He is also a A strange person."Zhuo Yi tried to recall the information he had seen. The Office of Strategic Deception currently provides so much information. The information is updated almost in real time.

When discussing Keorn with Warden Liang, Zhuo Yi also looked through the information in the Office of Strategic Deception’s backend secret intelligence database. It was discovered that there was no latest update.

He immediately knew the purpose of Lao Liang's call.

I'm afraid it's because the interrogation didn't go well. I wanted to find him to vent.

"You know a lot, Brother Zhuo! But this matter is a bit unusual. This Keorn is different from all the prisoners I have received before..."

"The mahjong trio from Songhai Prison are a weird combination. Is there anyone more weird than the three of them?"

"Xi Ba! Brother Zhuo! I'm not kidding!" Warden Liang almost shouted. This sudden seriousness startled Zhuo Yi.

But soon he received an apology from Warden Liang: "I apologize to you, Brother Zhuo. I was a little too excited..."

"It's okay, Brother Liang Yu. I understand. If you have any difficulties, you can tell me. Maybe I can help." Compared with the previous discussions about strange prisoners, Zhuo Yi finally felt that this time was special. feel.

Lao Liang has always been a calm and bold person. The roar just now was not so much excitement as it was to embolden himself. Now Zhuo Yi also began to become curious. What is a foreign cultivator... How could Lao Liang be so upset?

"You and I don't work in the same unit. But regarding this prisoner's case, based on my experience, it's better for Brother Zhuo not to get involved..." When Warden Liang spoke, perhaps he didn't even notice it. His voice was Somewhat trembling.

Zhuo Yi didn't want to make the atmosphere more solemn. He could only continue to talk to him in a joking tone: "I have a lot of work here. Is Brother Liang afraid that I will step in and take the credit? Don't worry, Brother Liang. This I Zhuo Yi promise you that I will not do anything about it."

Over at the communication ball, Warden Liang's voice was obviously silent for a moment.

At this point, the call is interrupted.

At the same time, Zhuo Yi also fell into a long silence.

This phone call from Lao Liang is very strange.

Normally, he would hardly add some modal particles deliberately in sentences, such as "xiba" and other vulgar words.

Although the two of them don't work in the same company, they chat a lot. There is always a special tacit understanding between them.

Zhuo Yi began to play back the recording of the passing ball. Carefully read every word Lao Liang said to himself. He felt that there might be hints from Lao Liang to him.

He took out his notebook. Zhuo Yi recorded every word Lao Liang just said to him.

"Hey! Brother Zhuo..."

"You know a lot. Brother Zhuo..."

"Xi Ba! Brother Zhuo!"

"I apologize to you, brother Zhuo"

"You and I don't work in the same company..."

When these sentences are arranged together. Zhuo Yi I really found clues from the beginning of the sentence. These words are arranged together to form homophonic words. The formed words are: I have something for you...

Did Lao Liang leave something for him?

Zhuo Yi feels a little confused. At the same time, it feels a little funny. Because this code is so lame.

But there's something to say. Even though it's lame, it just works.

If he hadn't talked a lot with Lao Liang and knew Lao Liang's habit of using words and making sentences, he wouldn't have been able to understand the meaning of these words.

According to the content of the call, Lao Liang probably had something to keep for himself.

I waited restlessly in the office for a while. A stream of light flashed past Zhuo Yi outside the window!

He recognized it at a glance. This was Lao Liang's exclusive flying sword! Infinite Sword!

If someone is stabbed by the Infinity Sword, heavy chains will immediately grow out of the wound like grass, locking the enemy tightly!

But this flying sword seems to have something very strange attached to it. It seems to be a burden...

Zhuo Yi reacted quickly. He turned sideways and grabbed the flying sword firmly.

The moment he took the sword, the baggage on the sword hilt rolled down. Blood instantly poured out from the bag, soaking the entire ground...

Zhuo Yi looked at the scene in front of him in disbelief. He restrained his trembling body with force and used the infinite sword in his hand to open the baggage.

And what was inside was Lao Liang's head.

At the same time, several people in blue uniforms broke into Zhuo Yi's office at the same time.

The man leading the charge was the captain of the Huaxiu Alliance branch in Songhai City. He stared at Zhuo Yi. He looked at Warden Liang's head on the ground. He sneered: "Director Zhuo, you killed Warden Liang. The evidence is conclusive." Now we officially arrest you in the name of the branch!"





Chapter 1226 The third force


This is the game between the great powers. They are like giants coming from the coast. They trample on the peaceful beach wantonly, completely ignoring the life and death of the little shrimps under the sand.

Zhuo Yi was caught. This carefully planned plot has been officially exposed.

"Whose instructions did you get?" This was beyond the expectations of the branch leader. Zhuo Yi did not resist at all. He put on the spirit binding chain very obediently.

"Director Zhuo. I only blame you for being too nosy. We are just following orders. You have no right to know whose instructions it is." The team leader looked indifferent. He waved his hand and ordered the others to follow Zhuo YiGet out of here.

"Team leader. Zhuo Yi didn't resist at all. Is this a scam?"

"There can be no fraud." The team leader shook his head confidently: "The spirit binding lock can bind all spiritual energy. If the Zhuo Yi taken away is just a clone, the moment the handcuffs are put on, the clone will Automatically disintegrate."

At this time, outside the Songhai City Hundred Schools General Administration Building, in a van controlled by Er Ha in human form, Zhuo Yi breathed a sigh of relief: "As expected of the master. He had expected this scene a long time ago. .."

The person who was kidnapped is the "real clone" customized remotely by Wang Ling for Zhuo Yi. The same as Crispy Noodles Dao Lord. Zhuo Yi's real clone is also intelligent. Completely like Zhenren No different.

This high-level Heavenly Dao level clone technique. How can a mere spirit-binding lock be broken?

However, although Zhuo Yi was rescued by Wang Ling, he still had lingering fears.

Because Warden Liang is really dead.

Although Zhuo Yi did not see it with his own eyes, the memory of the "real clone" was shared. When he saw Warden Liang's head rolling down at his feet, he felt the heartache as if he had personally experienced it.

"Don't worry too much. Little Master Ling will find a solution when everything is over. But in this case, someone has to die to make the whole thing more real. We have to make the man behind the scenes believe in him We are implementing our plan step by step. Only then did we have a chance to catch him out." Er Ha drove the vehicle skillfully and quickly left the scene with Zhuo Yi.

His skills were learned from Wei Zhi when he was driving to run drugs in the game. He doesn't have a driver's license yet. But now in order to save Zhuo Yi for Zhuo Yi. Er Ha can no longer care about so much.

"I understand. I completely believe in Master. It's just that this incident is too sudden. What secrets does this Keorn have? Is it worthy for the pusher to do this?" Zhuo Yi was puzzled from the passenger seat. .

"Maybe the answer is here." Er Ha casually threw a tip bag to Zhuo Yi.

This is actually the last message Warden Liang left for Zhuo Yi.

In order to convey this message, Warden Liang launched several spiritual swords. He knew that the message he left might be intercepted, so he used the Infinity Sword he personally wore as bait and prepared another one. The spirit sword sent the information to Er Ha.

After opening the kit, Zhuo Yi found a strange list.

"SBP Foundation's list information? Why does Lao Liang have it?"

"Yes. I've seen it before. But I don't know what it means."

Zhuo Yi looked at this list carefully. There are seven numbers in this list. They correspond to seven Tarot cards. They are: Moon, Stars, Sun, Judgment, Chariot, Destiny and Fool.

"It seems that Huaxiu Alliance has already noticed the SBP Foundation's affairs. However, the internal opinions on this foundation are not unified, which led to what happened today. And this Keorn may be involved in the core of everything. .."Zhuo Yi stared at the list and said. All this is just his guess. There is no evidence so far.

Moreover, the message that Warden Liang left for him was too cryptic. The only thing he could read from this message was that behind the SBP Foundation there might be seven bosses who symbolized the seven tarot cards.

But who are these seven people? Everything is a mystery now.

"Where are we going now?"

"When we get to Wei Zhi's house, we need to gather all our people first. Zhenjun is already on his way to Jinghua City. He wants to go to General Alliance to see what's going on."

"Won't you be intercepted?"

"Zhenjun just replied to me with a new message. He said that a mysterious person helped him change his identity. He successfully passed the security check at the shipyard."

Mysterious man...

Zhuo Yi touched his chin, muttering in his heart.

"This means that behind this incident, there are two forces at war."

"No. It's three shares."

Er Ha said: "We are the third group."

...

After successfully arriving at the cadre apartment where Wei Zhi lived, the first thing Zhuo Yi did was to turn on the news channel. After browsing around, he found that the report of his arrest had not been released yet. He also breathed a sigh of relief.

"The news of your arrest is just a pawn in a chess game for them. It will not be released until it is absolutely necessary," Wang Zhen said.

Several people in the apartment had roughly understood the ins and outs of the incident when they were still on the road in Er Ha, Zhuo Yi.

At this moment, Wang Zhen, Liu Qingyi, Gu Shunzhi, Zhenyuan, Li Huanran, and Wei Zhi are all here.

Er Ha observed carefully and found that there was no trace of Jiang Yingyue: "Where is the ancestor of Shadow Stream?"

"She is autistic in the bathroom." Liu Qingyi replied: "She has been like this since the news of Keorn was reported. It feels uncomfortable to be deceived by a cross-dressing man. I can actually understand it..."

"..."

Skipping the topic of Jiang Yingyue. Zhuo Yi felt that there was still a fog in his mind: "I don't understand. What is their purpose of arresting me."

"You are very close to the Office of Strategic Deception. It should be to contain the Office of Strategic Deception. But they didn't expect that the real you has been saved by us."

Everyone sat on the carpet, crossed their legs in a circle, and began to analyze the situation in front of them.

"There are at least two forces secretly competing within the Huaxiu AllianceGeneral Alliance... But I always feel that something is missing." Zhuo Yi said: "Even if Keorn is from the SBP Foundation, he is just a foreigner. "Theoretically, there is no conflict of interest involved. Huaxiu Alliance has no reason to protect him."

"We'll talk about this later. Let's analyze the information left by Warden Liang first." Gu Shunzhi also felt that this matter seemed interesting. When Zhuo Yi revealed the identity information of the seven tarot cards left by Warden Liang, When it was revealed, Gu Shunzhi found the whole thing even more interesting.

"What are you laughing at?"

"Now, we may be the only ones in the chaos on paper. The others don't know each other's identities behind the scenes. Don't you think it's a bit like playing Werewolf?"

Gu Shunzhi said: "If these seven cards symbolize the seven people behind the SBP Foundation, then why do they call each other by code names? Does this mean that they also don't know each other's identities?"

"You mean..." Everyone looked at Gu Shunzhi with confusion.

"The way to break the situation now is actually very simple. We only need to find out one of these seven people and change their identity. By then, everything hidden in the deep water will surface."





Chapter 1227 Behind the Gate of Void


After listening to Gu Shunzhi's analysis, everyone in the audience nodded. A person of order is a person of order after all. The reason why Gu Shunzhi was favored by Heavenly Dao seems to be reasonable. With just a few words, the clouds were cleared up. solved the mystery. This may be the experience accumulated by the Orderer who has been involved in the disputes between various races in the universe for many years and is responsible for mediating.

But obviously, these current inferences alone are not enough to speculate on the identity of the person behind the scenes.

"If we want to pretend to be one of them and perform a fierce jump, then we must at least confirm the identity of one of the seven identity cards..." Wang Zhen crossed his arms and stared at the list on the ground. He felt that he had no clue. No clue. Although the cultivation civilization on the earth is far less developed than in the divine realm. But this time being trapped on the earth by Heavenly Dao for experience seems to Wang Zhen to be in the right place.

Wherever there are people, there are disputes. The disputes on the earth are no less than those in the divine realm. Although Wang Zhen felt a little aggrieved when he was first trapped here, after getting used to the life here, he even began to like the people on the earth a little bit. Life.

Studying with Ling Zhenren is indeed a pleasure.

"What did Ling Zhenren say?" Wang Zhen then asked.

"The little master is still doing his homework..." Er Ha said this. He couldn't help but glance at Wang Zhen, Gu Shunzhi and other people from the God Realm: "By the way, have you finished your homework?"

"No." Wang Zhen shook his head.

Er Ha: "Then you are so calm..."

At this time Wang Zhen glanced at Gu Shunzhi: " Old Gu hired a man in the 60th. Every day at 22:00 on the dot, he'll send us the answers to all of the assignments on the paper via staples. Just follow and copy."

Er Ha took a deep breath. Couldn't help but frowned. This study attitude is so bad!

But it's not that he can't understand...the cultural knowledge on earth is very easy for these big guys from the gods. With Gu Shunzhi's IQ, I'm afraid he will develop solutions that have not yet been developed on earth. If they answer the question according to their habitual thinking, they may expose their true identity.

So in this case, Gu Shunzhi chose to hire someone to do the homework, and then copied it himself. Copying the homework is the easiest thing to do... This was done by Gu Shunzhi after he came to Earth, together with Chen Chao and Guo Hao. They learned this from two old fritters who worked from dawn to dusk to copy homework.

Of course, Gu Shunzhi can only spend money to hire people. He is the orderer. Heavenly Dao pays the salary. Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi are just getting the glory. These two people have now experienced "poverty" "After my baptism, I became very sensitive to all kinds of expenses.

If they didn't know their true identities, who would have thought that one of these two people was the eldest son of the Wang family in the God's Domain, and the other was the eldest daughter of the Liu family?

At this time, several people were staring at the list on the ground and lost in thought. Although they already had Gu Shunzhi's reasoning, they still had no clue about what was going to happen next.

However, Zhuo Yi always had a feeling. He felt that the clues Lao Liang left for him should be more than this.

At this moment, Li Huanran on the side said: "Can I take this list and take a look at it?"

"What did you find?" Zhuo Yi handed over the list. He could clearly feel that Li Huanran's body was shaking uncontrollably when he took the paper.

This is just an ordinary piece of paper. It can actually make Li Huanran so scared.

"Sorry... I lost my temper..." Li Huanran suppressed the fear in his heart. He held the piece of paper and felt it carefully for a long time. His body was also shaking constantly. In less than a minute, he put his hand Let go. As the paper fell to the ground, Li Huanran also showed an expression of relief.

"What's going on?" Zhuo Yi asked.

"Everything is as I guessed. This piece of paper has that smell." Li Huanran said: "Everyone should know that I once wanted to forcefully open the door to the void..."

"What's the connection?"

"Although I didn't break through the Void Gate at that time, I actually opened a small invisible gap... Now, I can feel that this piece of paper has the same smell as the Void Gate."

Everyone was stunned when they heard this. At the same time, Zhuo Yi also showed a surprised expression.

If you follow this statement, then the central breaking point of the incident seems to have been found... There is no doubt that it is the Gate of the Void!

As for why Li Huanran couldn't help but tremble with fear when he received this list. This is probably also a symptom of "stress trauma response". Back then, Li Huanran broke through the gate of the void in an attempt to find his father and failed. Face to face The fear brought about by death may have been burned into the depths of his soul like a knife and an axe.

"What did you sense and see when you broke down the door?"

"That should be a...spirit? I can feel an invisible spirit wrapped around my body like gluttons. There are so many of them like locusts. They swarm up, wrap me up, and then start to devour me. , gnawing, tearing my body apart..."

Li Huanran's words made everyone here tremble.

"Then let's name this creature Void Spirit."

At this point, Zhuo Yi finally saw a clue to the incident. He turned his attention to Gu Shunzhi: "Does Senior Gu know about the Gate of the Void?"

Gu Shunzhi is the Orderer. He bounces back and forth between the ten universes all year round. His breadth of knowledge is self-evident. Now that things have taken shape. Zhuo Yi The first thing I thought of was Gu Shunzhi. Get some information.

But it's a pity. Gu Shunzhi shrugged: "It's a pity. This Gate of the Void is not in the Dao. It is not under the jurisdiction of the Heavenly Dao. I, the orderer, are of no use."

"There are things in this world that those of order don't know about." Zhuo Yi clicked his tongue.

"To put it bluntly, the Orderer is the envoy sent by Heavenly Dao. In other words, he is just a handyman. The universe is huge. There are many things that are not within the Dao. As Orderers, we can only watch from a distance. We cannot intervene. Otherwise, it will be broken. Rules."

Gu Shunzhi said with a wry smile: "But thanks to the blessing of little friend Li Huanran, this matter finally has some clues. Judging from Li Daoyou's description, there should be something beyond the earth's cultivators behind this Void Gate. Powerful creature. If my guess is correct, the purpose of Keorn coming to Huaxiu 20 years ago was probably to investigate the Void Gate."

"The Gate of the Void has only appeared twice in historical records. Once it was challenged by Li Daoyou's father, martial arts master Li Xiaokai. But unfortunately, Master Li only opened the gap that was half a punch away and was swallowed up. And the second time The second time was the second time Daoyou Li opened the door in order to find his father."

"Opening the door twice. What does that mean?"

"I remember a famous scientist on Earth said: Human beings should never try to have equal dialogue with high-level civilizations. At the same time, they must do these four words [do not respond] to all signals sent by high-level civilizations. "

"There is a chain of contempt between higher civilizations and lower civilizations. Just like the creatures in the Void Gate. They may not be interested in the earth at all. So the two sides have always been in a state of peaceful coexistence."

"But I guess. This state of peaceful coexistence may have been broken as early as the second time Li Daoyou attacked the door..." Gu Shunzhi said here. His voice gradually became deeper: "If these voids in the Void Gate Ling. began to show interest in the earth. This may be a disaster for human cultivators."

"Is there any evidence?" Wang Zhen asked at this time.

"Of course." Gu Shunzhi picked up the list and said, "The answer is in the list that Warden Liang left for us."

Gu Shunzhi gently touched each name on the famous list. At the same time, he was also distractedly observing Li Huanran's reaction. Li Huanran was now like a reaction vessel. He felt a sense of smell in the "Gate of the Void". Natural sensitivity.

And when Gu Shunzhi's finger touched the word "judgment", he saw Li Huanran's whole body began to tremble uncontrollably.

"That's him." Gu Shunzhi said: "It turns out that there are already advanced beings from the Gate of the Void who have blended into the earth... If my guess is correct, this person whose code name is Judgment comes from the Gate of the Void. door."





Chapter 1228 Void Invasion


With the general idea provided by Gu Shunzhi, the focus of the next discussion will be very clear.

It is based on the premise that the earth is being invaded by advanced beings and ethereal beings from the "Gate of the Void". Everyone calls this event the "Void Invasion".

The problem then unfolds.

When did the void spirits begin to invade the earth?

What is the invasion mode of Void Spirit?

What is the ultimate goal of Void Spirit?

The last point and the most important point. Among the clues provided by Warden Liang, it is known that the person codenamed "Judgement" of the SBP Foundation may be a "spy" from the void. So what are they waiting for?

"If creatures from higher planes become interested in lower planes, their final goal is definitely to invade and occupy the territory or to destroy lower creatures for their own pleasure. However, if this [Judgment] is already a virtual spirit, then they will be delayed. The reason for not taking action must be another purpose. Maybe they are looking for something..."

Gu Shunzhi said. He looked at the time. It was almost ten o'clock. He stood up from sitting cross-legged and said, "I'm sorry, everyone. I have to go copy my homework."

Er Ha: "You, the person of order, don't care???"

Gu Shunzhi: "I can only give you further hints, but I cannot intervene. The Void Gate is not within the Tao. I am not qualified to do anything at will. Unless I get permission from Heavenly Dao. But so far, Heavenly Dao has not There are no orders. But I can still provide you with some analysis to the best of my ability. If you find new clues, you can come and talk to me."

Zhuo Yi, Er Ha: "..."

Although it is said that orderers have the rules of orderers, Er Ha feels that the process of this Heavenly Dao is too rigid. Do you have to wait for someone to hit the door with a cannon before sending out orderers to maintain the peace of the universe?

Er Ha doesn’t quite understand this matter.

"Senior Gu has Senior Gu's thoughts. Of course, another situation cannot be ruled out." At this time, Zhuo Yi said.

"What's going on?" the others asked.

"I remember Master once said to me. Heavenly Dao has his own way of judging crises. If Heavenly Dao thinks that these virtual spirits do not pose a big threat, he will not take action." Having said that. Zhuo Yi He smiled bitterly: "Actually... after all, on this earth, my master is still here... I don't know the creatures behind this door. How many palms can I face with my master?"

Hearing this, everyone was silent. Because this is the fact.

"What should we do next?" At this time, Er Ha asked.

Zhuo Yi curled his lips quietly. After clearing his thoughts, his nervous mood also became happy: "Keorn refused to say anything. It was because he thought that if he remained silent, the news would not be leaked. But thanks to Senior Gu, we now have a clue. Now we may be able to use this information to pry Keorn's mouth open."

Then. Zhuo Yi quickly made a plan based on the clues at hand.

"Senior Wang Zhen, senior Liu Qingyi. You two go to support Zhenjun. If nothing happens, Zhenjun will probably run into a wall in Jinghua."

"No problem." The two nodded.

Zhuo Yi was a little surprised that he agreed so quickly. He felt that after returning from the national competition, the relationship between the two seemed to have eased a lot. It was not as incompatible as before.

"Senior Zhenyuan, please follow me."

"No problem." Zhenyuan Immortal has been sitting obediently. His long, fiery red hair is constantly fluttering with the surging breath.

He got excited...

Then Zhuo Yi turned his attention to Wei Zhi: "Senior Li Huanran and senior Jiang Yingyue, who is autistic in the bathroom, are important witnesses. Please keep an eye on Brother Wei Zhi for now."

"It doesn't matter." Wei Zhi shook his head.

This apartment has long been restricted by Zhenyuan Immortals. This restriction was specially designed to target external intrusions and Jiang Yingyue. As long as Jiang Yingyue has plans to escape or take action, the restriction will be activated immediately. Jiang Yingyue was crushed to the ground like a pancake.

Jiang Yingyue had tried it once before. Her personal evaluation was that the pressure made her breasts hurt. It felt like she almost burst the silicone inside... She didn't dare to try it again easily.

Task distribution. In the end, Er Ha is left.

"Go find Immortal Toya and Cailian Zhenren." At this time, Zhuo Yi said.

"What are you looking for them for?"

"I need to know the mode of virtual spirit invasion. Judging from Senior Gu's inference, they are likely to be attached to the human body. So since they are attached to the body, maybe they will have a rejection reaction with the human body? Of course. These are just My guess is that Immortal Toya-senpai has a lot of medical information. Maybe he can get some clues."

"I understand." Er Ha nodded.

The troops are divided into three groups. Everything is within the deployment of Zhuo Yi. Although Zhuo Yi is at a low level, he always has a good view of the overall situation. This is why Wang Ling likes Zhuo Yi. And An important reason for accepting him as a disciple.

And Zhuo Yi has always been a bold character. It is important not to be afraid of taking the blame.

Just when everyone was about to set off, Zhuo Yi suddenly said to Li Huanran again.

"Wait a minute. There's something else."

"Is there anything else?" Li Huanran said.

"I have a hunch, Senior Li, that you may be one of the focuses of this incident. Someone may do something to you while we are away..."

"But there are restrictions imposed by Senior Zhenyuan here. Ordinary people cannot enter." Wei Zhi said.

"But we can't rule it out. If the Void Spirit comes to find you, they might have special methods, right?" At this point, Zhuo Yi took out the thermal underwear from the storage bag: "This is for you. Senior, this is what my master left for me. I have another set here. This set is a spare. You put it on first, just in case something unexpected happens."

"This is..." Li Huanran held up his autumn pants with a confused look on his face.

"This is... no, maybe the strongest armor in the entire universe." At this time, Zhenyuan couldn't help but sigh.

...

22:15. Wang Ling paused his homework. He went to take a shower and changed into his White Rabbit pajamas. At the same time, he also remotely followed the progress of Zhuo Yi over there.

Lord Diu Lei rushed to Jinghua City alone. Although this move was dangerous, Wang Ling felt that there should be no problem. He still had one of his own King's Eyes in his hand. It was enough to cope with the predicament at hand.

"Is it a virtual spirit..."

Previously. Wang Ling asked Sun Spirit what was behind the Void Gate.

The Sun Spirit told him that behind the Void Gate there was nothing but emptiness.

Wang Ling still don’t understand what this means.

Then. Wang Ling took out the "Senluo Wanxiang Pillar" that Wang Ying had used before from his pencil case. This pillar had shrunk to the size of a needle.

This thing is a thing of the void. Wang Ling originally planned to find a suitable opportunity to send it back.

Now. He feels that the opportunity has come.

Since the other party has been invaded by void, he has to reciprocate...

Thinking of this, Wang Ling used another King's Eyes to carve a Heavenly Dao poem that is widely circulated in Heavenly Dao on this dense pillar:

What year is this dream?

Sit on the ground and transform into three thousand.

The heart connects to the whole world.

Ignorance also becomes immortal.

Immediately. Wang Ling moved his mind and captured the location of the Void Gate.

Then he opened the window, flicked his fingers, and sent out the colorful pillar in his hand.





Chapter 1229 How many waves of people are there?


Zhuo Yi uses a {face pinching pill} on the market to simply groom himself. The face can be adjusted within half an hour after taking this pill. By then, the facial features will become soft like plasticine. But obviously Zhuo Yi Zhuo Yi's face pinching technique is not very good. He pinched his face at Wei Zhi's house. After pinching, he couldn't help but exclaimed: "Hey! So ugly!"

"But it has worked." Zhenyuan immortal leaned against the door. He looked at Zhuo Yi in the mirror. He exuded a very immortal smile.

"Senior Zhenyuan laughed." Zhuo Yi scratched his head in embarrassment. Anyway, he just pinched his face to perform the task. His skills were too poor and there was nothing he could do.

"You look like an Internet writer now."

"There can't be an uglier writer than this, right?"

"Ku Xuan."

"..."

...

Everything was ready. The two of them came to the underground parking garage of the cadre apartment. They walked to a white Wuling Hongguang. This car belonged to Wei Zhi and had been specially modified by Wei Zhi. There was a lot of space inside, which could accommodate dozens of animals. The large spiritual beast is an essential tool for Wei Zhi to bring up his family. Now it has been urgently requisitioned by Zhuo Yi.

Wei Zhi is not worried at all that the car will be damaged. The Office of Strategic Deception has money. Even if it is damaged, he will compensate himself. And he will definitely get a better one.

"This car is very strong." Zhenyuan touched the material of this white Wuling Hongguang van. He found that the outer material was armored material. It was the same material as the airborne immortal ship. The texture was light and strong. In addition, the outer material of the body was added. Spell coating. It can even withstand several waves of psychic missile attacks.

"Get in the car." Zhuo Yi shouted and took the initiative to sit in the driver's seat.

As the car drove out, Zhuo Yi saw a familiar old man. This person was none other than Marshal Jiang!

"not good..."

Zhuo Yi felt that they might be in trouble. When the van passed the gate, they were stopped by Marshal Jiang as expected.

Mr. Jiang was wearing a singlet and vest. He was shaking a cattail leaf fan in his hand. He glanced at Zhuo Yi after the disguise: "Parking fee. 5 yuan."

Zhuo Yi was stunned for a moment.

"Parking fee. 5 yuan... Hurry up. Things are so messy." Mr. Jiang was a little impatient: "Are you Xiaozhi's friends? Why haven't I seen you?"

"I came here unexpectedly for a visit." Zhuo Yi pretended to be calm and handed over a 5 yuan bill.

"Okay. Let's go, let's go." Mr. Jiang accepted the money and threw it into a shabby-looking iron box next to him.

Then he pressed the remote control on his hand and opened the gate: "Go out to do errands. Be careful."

Zhuo Yi felt like there was something in his words. But he didn’t dare to stop for much longer. He kicked the accelerator and drove the car up the slope.

Mr. Jiang smiled when he saw the van driving away.

At this time, beside the iron box filled with change, the elderly machine that had not yet hung up also gave a hearty smile: "Hahaha. I knew this kid was fine!"

"Dakang. Are you relieved now?"

"He is my chosen successor. I always have to care about him." On the other end of the phone, Secretary Dakang smiled and said: "This guy can bring me some surprises every time. His clone... even binds the spirit." The lock has been deceived!"

"So, do you have any clues about this matter now? It's a bit big. Although it's not completely overturned, it will definitely be chaotic in the next few days." Marshal Jiang asked, shaking his cattail leaf fan.

"The person behind this is already suspected by Head of State. But for now it's better to stay put."

"Head of State suspects that one of the ten of us has been invaded by ethereal spirits?"

"Yes."

"What the hell is this..." Marshal Jiang felt a little headache.

"I don't know. But it can be concluded that this thing is not a good source of stubble. You should also be careful, Old Jiang. This thing seems to have a special way. Not only can it stick to it, but it can also spread."

...

Leaving the cadre apartment. Zhuo Yi was still a little frightened about what happened just after passing through the gate: "How do I feel? I was discovered."

"It has been discovered. But the kid didn't reveal it directly." Zhenyuan Immortal said with a smile from the passenger seat.

"kid..."

"Thousands of years ago, when this old man was a child, I had a fight with him. He cried and shouted for revenge. Now he may have forgotten about it."

"..." Zhuo Yi was surprised in his heart. Xindao Zhenyuan Immortal is indeed a legendary cultivator on earth. The man who created the Gate to Another World.

I even saw the Ten Generals when they were young...

This level of cultivation must have lasted tens of thousands of years?

At this time Zhuo Yi suddenly had an idea. If his master also had tens of thousands of years of experience, how terrible would it be?

Need to know. He is only 16 years old now.

Driving the vehicle, Zhuo Yi was speeding all the way. Finally, he was stuck in a traffic jam not far from the intersection leading to a toll station outside Songhai City. Zhenyuan instantly understood what Zhuo Yi was thinking.

I'm afraid this is an attempt to cut off the nonsense.

"Previously, the intelligence department of the Office of Strategic Deception sent a message saying that Keorn has been sent out of Songhai Number 1 Prison and will be transferred to Jinghua City."

"Choose a vehicle for delivery?"

"The other party is very cunning. They chose multiple routes and sent out multiple surveillance vehicles. According to the calculations of the intelligence department, the possibility of this route is as high as 70%."

"What if I make a mistake in judgment?"

"Then we have to leave it to Zhenjun and the others."

Zhuo Yi sighed slightly. He looked closely at the ETC channel at the toll station.

About ten minutes later, as expected, a black and white modified off-road surveillance vehicle drove through the passage.

"It is indeed in the car." Zhenyuan Immortal made a judgment from a distance. His perception ability is extremely strong. Even though the surveillance vehicle is heavily protected, he can still feel the smell of Keorn on the car.

Although he has never met Keorn, he knows that Keorn is a foreigner. He has been in prison for too long and has no time to wear cologne to cover it up. The body odor on his body is very obvious.

"Get ready. Senior Zhenyuan." Zhuo Yi's mental power was concentrated to the extreme.

The two were just about to take action when several figures flew out of the green belt beside them.

This group of people were wearing pitch-black night clothes. They seemed to have been hibernating here for a long time. There were six of them in total.

The moment the prison vehicle passed by, these six people took action at the same time. They kicked and flew swords. The moment they appeared, they launched a concentrated fire attack on the prison vehicle.

"It seems that we are not the only ones who want to kidnap them."

Zhenyuan pressed Zhuo Yi's shoulder: "Friend Zhuo, don't move. Let's wait and see."

He seemed to have expected that there would be others to cut him off. His expression was indifferent.

Sure enough, as soon as he finished speaking, the covers of drainage wells on both sides of the road were suddenly lifted off. A second passerby rushed out... They were also wearing night clothes and covered themselves tightly. Zhenyuan was far away. I smelled a strong herbal smell on this group of people. They seemed to have been engaged in alchemy work all year round.

"Two groups of people..." Zhuo Yi was surprised. If we include them, there are already three groups of people!

Zhenyuan Immortal shook his head. His face was expressionless: "No. There is still a way."

Then Zhuo Yi saw several more muscular figures in the air, like magic soldiers descending from the sky. They suddenly fell down and landed in the middle of the road...

"There are... so many people..." Zhuo Yi's mouth twitched. But judging from this formation, it is enough to see Keorn's criticality.

What does this person say? They have to take it down!

"Don't worry, Fellow Daoist Zhuo. Next, just watch my performance."

At this time, Zhenyuan Immortal smiled slightly. He stared at the battlefield ahead and squinted his eyes.

"Then. Everyone, get down."

As soon as he finished speaking, Zhuo Yi only heard a "Boom!"!

The ground in front of the toll station suddenly cracked. The road surface collapsed deeply.

Three groups of people came out from several directions, a total of more than forty people. They all lay on the ground like toads, unable to move!

Their faces were ferocious. Their expressions were distorted. Their entire faces were pressed into the ground, and they howled in pain.

Zhuo Yi thought that he had seen many big scenes. But he was still stunned by the "generous act" of Zhenyuan Immortal people. His mouth opened wide.

"It's definitely far behind Ling Zhenren. These are all trivial scenes. Just directional gravity suppression. Go and pick up the head. Fellow Daoist Zhuo." Zhenyuan immortal patted Zhuo Yi on the shoulder.





Chapter 1230: Vain "confidence"


Several parties were fighting for it. It ended with the unilateral crushing of Zhenyuan Immortals. Zhuo Yi used his spiritual sword to break the door of the prison car. Seeing that Keorn had passed out, he didn't think much about it. . He directly picked up Keorn and sprinted for 100 meters. He opened the back cabin of Wuling Hongguang and threw the person in. Then he drove away as if he was flying.

The progress is smoother than Zhuo Yi imagined. His next plan is to drive to the Office of Strategic Deception. The gate of the Office of Strategic Deception is outside Songhai City. Currently, the Office of Strategic Deception is relatively safe. It's a place where even if someone wants to come and ask for someone, it's not that easy.

Zhuo Yi has decided to pry Keorn's mouth open before anyone tracks his location!

...

Zhuo Yi walked there for about five or six minutes. The gravity suppression arranged by Zhenyuan Immortal people in front of the toll station unlocked the power of Venerated Immortal. That is, you can do whatever you want...

The three groups of people got up from the ground one after another. Their faces were covered with gravel. Some of them had blood marks from the pressure. They were all gray and gray. They were dizzy and felt a little dizzy.

Long-term gravity suppression will block blood circulation. Therefore, the first thing a group of people feel after getting up is numbness in their legs...

More than forty people got up from the ground. Everyone was wearing night clothes. They were so dazzled that they couldn't tell the difference between friend and foe. They immediately formed a circle around the prison transport vehicle...

"Who the hell are you!"

"Who are you..."

The three groups of people asked each other. They all took out their magic weapons and threatened each other.

Although they all spoke Mandarin, they obviously had accents from different places, making the scene even more confusing.

"Everyone, the person we wanted to rob was snatched away by another group of people. Now if we start fighting among ourselves again, wouldn't it make the fourth group of people laugh at us?" At this time, the representative of one group of people suddenly said.

"That's right! Brothers. I also think it's not wise for us to stand here right now...and the police are coming soon! The three of us might as well catch up. Each one depends on his ability!"

"Okay! Shall we withdraw then?"

"How to withdraw?"

"Wherever it came from, go back there!"

The more than 40 people gathered together and hit it off immediately. They scattered towards the direction where they had previously ambush.

...

The person who wanted to be robbed was kidnapped by others. Without knowing the origin of the other party, these people said they wanted to catch up. But in fact, they still had to ask for instructions.

After the operation failed, the group of relatively burly men in black who fell from the sky were quickly picked up by an armed helicopter. A group of people discussed the follow-up plan on the helicopter.

The leader took off his mask and revealed his face. Like Keorn, he was a Western cultivator. He had dark blue eyes, a tall nose, and long sideburns. He was using the communication ball for assimilation.

Them. From SBP Foundation.

The team leader conversed with the judge in fluent Mandarin. They are all capable officers of the SBP Foundation lurking in the Huaxiu region.

"Lord Judgment. I'm sorry. The operation failed. There were three people we robbed...Snake deserves death."

"I already know about this. I don't blame you for this." The black shadow on the other side of the communication ball said: "And I already know. Those three groups of people. One is from the Huaguo Shui Lian Group. The other is from the Huaxiu AllianceGeneral Alliance. And finally All the way. Probably from the Office of Strategic Deception."

"The Office of Strategic Deception actually has such a powerful master?" Snake was shocked in his heart.

"Don't panic. I will send someone to support you immediately. You just need to follow the instructions I will give you later. Go to the designated coordinates and wait."

"Yes." Snake nodded.

At this point, the call between the two was interrupted.

On the edge of the cliff in the lonely forest of Mixiu Country. In front of an old castle baptized by the moonlight. The owner of the old castle in a black cloak accepted the baptism of night. He stood on the edge of the cliff. He slowly stretched out his hands to embrace the moon. . A devout prayer to the great void in the name of judgment.

"Great Lord of the Void! Thank you for the Lord's salvation! Please ask the Lord to save the people of the Void. Restart the Void! We, the people of the Void lurking here, will definitely offer the most sincere gift of life to the Lord!"

After the prayer, the owner of the cloak returned to the castle. The old woman standing silently by the door took off the cloak of the owner of the castle and hung it on a hanger. The owner of the castle finally revealed his pale face without a trace of blood.

In front of the gorgeous long dining table, two tall candlesticks emitted firelight. The old woman pushed the dining cart: "Master Bai, the tonic is ready. Please use it slowly."

The young man coughed. He scooped up a spoonful of red medicinal soup. He came closer and savored the aroma of the medicinal soup... That beautiful feeling seemed to make him forget all his worries in a short period of time. Forget. His past. He even forgot for a moment the boy who he hated so much.

Countless nights. Those dead fish eyes seemed to torture him like a nightmare...

Before drinking the soup, the young man glanced at the old woman with his peripheral vision: "My name is Xu Bai. I am a citizen of the void... The Bai Zhe who used to be has nothing to do with me anymore."

"Yes... please remember..." The old woman realized that she had just made a mistake. After bowing and bowing, she hurriedly left while pushing the dining cart.

As the young man said, the great void gave him a third life. His second life was given by a white-haired boy whose face he couldn't see clearly...but it was a pity that the boy did not reuse him.

He was once a lord. But after he was resurrected, Bai Zhe found that he was not even as good as a dog.

In extreme grief and anger, Bai Zhe chose to end his life.

His third life was given by the void.

The void gave him everything he wanted. It even helped him advance to become a higher-level life form "Void Spirit". After a period of time, he began to search for his host invisibly... and then... this Mr. "Judgement" of the SBP Foundation became his perfect host.

As his ethereal body began to merge with "Judgement", he took away everything from "Judgement".

Memory, realm, wealth, reputation...

These things that he had lost were now regained by him with the help of Void!

At this moment, he changed his name to Xubai!

He is a devout citizen of the void!

They are even higher beings that are superior to human cultivators!

With the nourishment of the medicinal decoction, he would be able to fully adapt to the body of "Judgement" within a few days.

Although he is now confident that he can kill Wang Ling.

But he didn't want to act in such a hurry.

Letting someone die is not the greatest torture.

The greatest torture is to make a person lose everything he wants.

And Xu Bai thought very clearly. What he wanted to take away was the peaceful life that Wang Ling longed for most.

"Wang Ling. What should you do?" The young man put ladle after ladle of red medicinal soup into his mouth, showing a sneer.

He had finished praying into the night.

The great Lord of the Void will reopen the Gate of the Void. Once again, he will test the world...

...

PS:

Vote: Please guess. How many slaps can Xubai get from Wang Ling?

A:1-3 times

B:3-5 times

C:6-10 times





Chapter 1231 The Scavenger of the Foundation


"People have always been pursuing a higher level of evolution... Cultivators are struggling to pursue a higher level of realm. This is also the reason. Countless cultivators are pursuing a higher level of realm. It is for strength and longevity. It is also to pursue a higher level of life..."

Inside the Office of Strategic Deception. Keorn is holding a cup of hot coffee and explaining what he knows.

Apparently, he seems to be planning to start from the origin of human beings and cultivation.

However, time is running out now. Zhuo Yi can only provide guidance from the side. Let Keorn answer the key points.

In order to win Keorn's trust, Zhuo Yi even unlocked Keorn's soul-binding lock. But Keorn knew very well that the powerful man with long red hair was here. It made no difference whether he wore the lock or not. .

"You refused to say it before. Why are you willing to say it now?" Faced with Keorn's sudden change, Zhuo Yi felt suspicious.

Keorn looked at Zhuo Yi: "My purpose of joining the SBP Foundation is to enable the human world to develop in a more peaceful and orderly manner. The investigations I have done over the years are also based on this purpose. I will only choose. I think it's the right thing. In fact, I was still hesitating when I was sent to the prison car. But after the few waves of people fighting, I immediately understood it."

"What did you understand?"

"I understand. The right direction." Keorn's voice gradually became deeper: "The Foundation has changed. It is no longer the Foundation I knew before. We originally existed to reveal the truth. Now the Foundation actually exists to hide The truth. Even at the cost of killing the investigator..."

"You mean that the real purpose of the group from the Foundation was not to kidnap you?"

"Even though they are disguised, I also know them. They are the scavengers of the Foundation." Keorn said: "The role of the scavengers is to assist in the investigation. They will cooperate with the investigators to perform specific tasks."

"For example, we sometimes kidnap specific insiders in order to investigate things. At the same time, in order to protect the identity of the insider, we will fake their suicide and take Zhenren away for investigation. In this way, in the eyes of the outside world, this The person is dead. However, in fact, once we have enough evidence, the dead person will come back as a key witness..."

"So. The scavenger's mission was originally to help you fake suicide?"

"That's understandable."

Keorn nodded. He held the coffee cup and smiled bitterly: "But I don't know when it started. This scavenger began to change. I don't know when the foundation that originally exposed the truth became a lackey of some chaebols." . They sent investigators to investigate. Let the investigators collect all the witnesses and evidence, and then sent scavengers to destroy them all..."

"It's a perfect fit."

Zhuo Yi sighed: "When did they become like this? And when did you become aware of this?"

"A long time ago... In my memory, it seems that it started 20 years ago... They started to corrupt 20 years ago... It's just that I had no concrete evidence before."

Keorn frowned. As if he was trying to recall every detail of the past few decades: "From the moment my first friend who was also an investigator died, I actually had doubts. And it wasn't until just now that I Officially confirmed. The scavengers in the Foundation have indeed changed."

Having said this, Keorn lowered his head. He cast a simple {impression spell} and projected the appearance of a blue-eyed foreigner on the drawing paper: "This man's name is Snake. The captain of the scavenger. Maybe even he can I don't know. I started to notice him after my first fellow investigator died. The moment he jumped out, I could clearly sense that he wanted to kill me."

"He is very strong? Even if you don't wear the spirit-binding chain, his level is not bad, right?" Zhuo Yi said.

"We are all elites selected and cultivated by the foundation. Our level is not much different, but the focus of our cultivation is different."

"Scavengers are killing machines cultivated by the Foundation...and most of us investigators focus on perception and auxiliary spells."

At this point, Zhuo Yi has a general understanding of the whole incident. When he was in Songhai Number 1 Prison, Keorn refused to let go. That was because he still had a glimmer of hope for the existence of the SBP Foundation. hope.

He firmly believed that the faith he once believed in would not collapse like that...

But after cutting off four people halfway, Keorn understood in an instant. The lofty foundation in his heart had been completely destroyed.

"I chose your Office of Strategic Deception because you don't have any interests involved with the Foundation. Remember, the other two people on the road..."

"You mean Huawei Shui Lian Group and General Alliance?"

"If my inference is correct, they should have been infiltrated by the Foundation. In comparison, only the Office of Strategic Deception has a lower risk." Keorn said.

Zhuo YiHearing this, I feel that the situation that was already clear seems to have become a little complicated again.

"The SBP Foundation has been established for so many years. It enjoys a good reputation internationally. I can understand that General Alliance may cooperate with it. But what about the Huaguo Shui Lian Group?" Zhuo Yi asked.

"I'm not particularly clear about this matter. I've only heard a colleague mention relevant files about the Huaguo Shui Lian Group. This matter seems to be related to the female candidate of the Huaguo Shui Lian Group..."

"Sun Rong?"

"Yes... that should be the name... but I don't know the specific content of the investigation." The expression on Keorn's face was particularly complicated: "Because this investigator... is rumored to have died in a scavenger. In hand..."

"Boom!"

At this moment, as the conversation ended, a huge roar suddenly erupted outside the mountain gate of the Office of Strategic Deception. The True Venerated Immortal Hall of Lord Diu Lei also shook slightly with the huge earthquake.

"There is a report that a group of foreigners are preparing to attack the mountain!"

A disciple from the Office of Strategic Deception ran in in a panic.

"It's the scavengers! Snake and the others are coming!"

Keorn became nervous: "They know you have experts here. They can't attack easily without complete preparation...Snake is very strong! He will definitely kill me!"

"Don't panic."Zhuo Yi tried to calm Keorn's emotions.

He checked his eyes with the Immortal from Zhenyuan. The Immortal from Zhenyuan was about to go out to see the situation.

As a result, at this time, another disciple from the Office of Strategic Deception ran in in a panic.

"The foreigner who took the lead is dead!"

"Dead???"Zhuo Yi was stunned.

"Crispy Noodles Dao Lord said it was a needle. It came from a distance. It passed by like a meteor. It stabbed him directly to death... and then flew away into the distance..."

"..." Zhuo Yi heard this. He took a breath of air.

Are today’s villains so hopeless?

There was no chance to appear as a monster. Just die like that?





Chapter 1232 Fill-in player


Time goes back to about five minutes ago. A group of foreigners gathered outside the gate of the Office of Strategic Deception.

The leader is none other than Snake, the scavenger captain of the SBP Foundation.

He arrived at the location designated by Xu Bai in less than 2 hours and obtained a magic weapon known as the "Void Magic Ball".

Then came here according to new instructions.

Snake didn't know what this Lord "Judgement" was going to do. But it was definitely right to follow the Foundation's arrangements.

A group of outsiders gathered in front of the mountain gate. This was definitely a sign of danger. Seeing this, the disciples of the Office of Strategic Deception in the sentry tower quickly reported the situation to the deeper level. Soon, a golden stream of light rose from the hinterland of the Office of Strategic Deception. It fell from the sky and landed on the ground. In front of these scavengers.

The powerful aura made several scavengers step back unconsciously.

Snake stared at the young boy in front of him with his dark blue eyes embedded in the deeply sunken eye sockets: "We are here under the orders of the SBP Foundation. Please come out and hand the person in charge of your sect back. we!"

After saying this, Snake was also recalling the origin of the person in front of him in his mind. As a result, he found that he had no memory at all...

Crispy Noodles didn't reply. He just looked at Snake quietly.

The rules of the Office of Strategic Deception. Whenever encountering a provocateur at Shanmen, the Office of Strategic Deception will never make the first move.

Seeing the young man standing motionless, Snake seemed a little impatient: "You're not going to ask the person in charge to come out. Or are you the person in charge here?"

"I'm just a security guard." Crispy noodles answered honestly.

In fact, he works in multiple departments of the Office of Strategic Deception. He is a serious "fill-in player". He will go wherever he is needed.

Today, his identity is in charge of security. Tomorrow, he may become the coach of his disciples, guiding them in their practice.

As the "small account" under Wang Ling. Although Crispy Noodles is just a real clone, it unexpectedly gives people a sense of reliability and peace of mind.

The disciples on the sentry tower were relieved when they saw Crispy Noodles arriving. Almost all the disciples in the Office of Strategic Deception knew how strong Elder Crispy Noodles was.

"Mr. Security Guard, you Office of Strategic Deception stole our people. They should be returned to us. If you persist in your persistence, we will have no choice but to snatch them away." Snake threatened.

Crispy Noodles sighed inwardly. He lamented that the foreigners in front of him talked so much nonsense and seemed to have a bad word count. Instead, he looked forward to Snake taking action faster.

Until... he saw Liu Gang speeding towards the horizon...

"I see. It's all God's will." The young man raised his head and stared through the layers of clouds at the ray of light speeding towards the sky thousands of miles high.

He suddenly understood who had taken action.

There is only one person in the entire universe who can achieve such finger power.

The strongest person is about to be eliminated. I'm afraid this fight will be meaningless.

The young man sighed in disappointment and turned around to return to the sect.

As soon as he took a step forward, Snake reached out and held his shoulder: "Want to leave? It's not that easy!"

The domineering spiritual power was transmitted through Snake's body like electricity. The young man's body paused. Then he ignored the pressure and continued to move forward.

Snake was furious. Although he had heard that since the rise of the Office of Strategic Deception, the disciples there were becoming more arrogant than the other. But why is even a security guard so awesome?

"It's too much to bully someone..."

The next moment, Snake roared loudly. His size began to double at a speed visible to the naked eye! It skyrocketed into a steel giant that was ten meters tall. This is the {Metal Body Steel Multiplication Technique}. A method to develop the potential of the physical body. The ultimate magic!

A huge shadow covered the sky, completely blocking the sunlight above our heads...

"As expected of Little Master Ling. Did you even capture the situation after the doubling..."

Crispy Face's expression was indifferent. He continued to step forward calmly. Previously, he saw that the flying "Senluo Wanxiang Pillar" actually had a trajectory error of several meters.

In other words, if Snake had not used this doubling technique, he could have avoided this disaster.

But now, this is almost a doomed situation.

The next second.

Under the watchful eyes of everyone, a needle flew from the sky. It hit Snake in the back of the head with a pop, and passed directly through the entire head.

No blood from one shot!

But the moment it passed through, all of Snake's brain tissue was disintegrated.

The huge body suddenly fell from the mountain gate. Then the skyrocketing size also gradually shrank.

Crispy noodles didn't even look back, because this was an expected situation.

At this point, the group of scavengers in front of the mountain gate were all stunned.

"Captain..."

They were not in a hurry for revenge. Instead, they immediately gathered around and took out various emergency magic weapons to rescue Snake.

When the scanner scanned Snake's brain, one team member was so shocked that he could not speak. Because according to the scan results, Snake's skull was completely hollow.

The entire brain was completely incinerated by the overflowing energy the moment the flying needle passed through it.

Brain dead. There is no way to save him.

Several scavengers made quick judgments.

Someone tried to take revenge, but was intercepted by another person. This was the scavenger's deputy team. His name was Kaz: "The entire security guard...killed our captain without even looking back. What you did is just too much. Just give me a head."

The people in the Office of Strategic Deception are terrifyingly strong. Even scarier than the rumors say.

The situation in front of him was beyond Kaz's understanding.

"What method did he use?"

"No. I didn't see it at all. It seemed like a magic weapon. It came from a distance."

"It's so scary. He didn't even raise his hand. Is it a magic weapon controlled by his mind?"

"At the very least, it's an upper-level holy weapon... No. It might be the opposite world level!"

"He didn't even have any spiritual power fluctuations just now. He didn't even consume spiritual power to drive the opponent's world-level magic weapon?"

Several scavengers discussed this point. Everyone felt chills running down their spines and hair standing on end.

"It's better not to act rashly for the time being. Let's report the situation to the Lord Judge first." Kaz frowned. He immediately directed everyone to take Snake's body and quickly leave the mountain gate of the Office of Strategic Deception.

They also have a void magic ball given by Lord "Judgement". But so far, they don't know what this magic ball does.

As the group of foreigners left, the disciples on guard duty in the guard tower also raised the danger alarm. The entire Office of Strategic Deception was filled with joy.

"Have you seen it? Elder Crispy Noodles... is too strong!"

"I saw it! It seemed to be a magic weapon driven by thoughts. It directly killed the troublemaking captain."

"Is that foreigner really dead?"

"They should be dead. Look at the way the remaining group of people are running around with their heads in their hands. They are obviously frightened! Look at Elder Crispy Noodles again. He looks calm and calm. He didn't even raise his hand during the whole process. . There wasn’t even any psychic energy fluctuations overflowing. And when the figure of the foreigner headed by him suddenly grew in size! Elder Crispy Noodles actually chose to turn back!"

"It seems that Elder Crispy Noodles has already concluded that this person will definitely die, so he turned back, right?"

"A real man! He never looks behind him!"

"..."

These remarks made Crisp Mian smile bitterly in his heart.

Although he is a "fill-in player", he didn't expect that he would also have to make up for the "back-up position"...

Isn’t this taking away Zhuo Yi’s job?





Chapter 1233 Sun Family Treasury


The scavengers were temporarily repelled. But that didn't mean the matter was over.

This is just the beginning of chaos.

Zhuo Yi is still intensifying its inquiries on Keorn.

On the other side, various forces also have their own movements.

Huaguo Shui Lian Group Building. Towering tall building. Empty.

Everyone was evacuated early.

Only the men in black who were sent earlier were left doing the reporting work.

Sun Yiyuan's face looked extremely ugly.

He did not expect that so many people would be involved this time. Not only overseas foundations, the Office of Strategic Deception, and even the General Alliance were involved.

Moreover, there seems to be branch forces among these forces that are secretly fighting against each other.

"It is said that there is a team of scavengers in the Foundation. This is a killing machine specially developed by the Foundation. I didn't expect this to be true..."

The report work of the man in black was over. Jiang Xiaoche also showed a very surprised expression.

Immediately he frowned deeply: "Sir, our intervention this time may have exposed our identity."

Sun Yiyuan glanced at Jiang Xiaoche and shook his head: "No. In fact, our action was secretly instructed by General Alliance. Otherwise, do you think I would have the courage to intervene in this matter?"

"General Alliance's instruction?" Jiang Xiaoche was even more surprised.

"To be precise, it was the direct instruction of that adult..."

"It's actually that adult!"

Jiang Xiaoche's eyes widened.

"Judging from the results of this attack, the situation is worse than I imagined."

"Since that lord has given me permission to intervene in this matter, it proves that there may have been something happening in the General Alliance that makes that lord distrustful..."

Having said this, Mr. Boss Sun frowned slightly.

But for now, they still don’t know the origin of this detailed work?

Is it someone from the Foundation? Or is it an unknown force from somewhere else?

These are currently unknown.

Sun Yiyuan is an old Jianghu.

Enterprises can never be superior to the country. He still understands this truth.

Although the Huaguo Shui Lian Group has amazing financial resources, Sun Yiyuan will not interfere in this matter without authorization.

Of course. As a businessman, this time the Huaguo Shui Lian Group took the risk to intervene. The Boss Sun Fox put forward conditions.

Sun Yiyuan doesn't lack anything in this life. Wealth, beauty or some novel items.

Everything a secular person wants is just a cloud in his eyes.

The only person he cherishes is his granddaughter.

Sun Rong The disaster of "Yin-Yang Death Tribulation" could not be understood for a day, and he was always worried about it.

Therefore, Sun Yiyuan's condition is that after this incident is over, he requires General Alliance to do its best to crack the yin and yang death disaster on Sun Rong.

"It seems that we have to intervene in this matter."

When Jiang Xiaoche heard this, he already understood the current situation of Huaguo Shui Lian Group.

Judging from the events happening now.

General Alliance may have lost the trust of that adult because of the "insider".

The adult had no choice but to ask the Huaguo Shui Lian Group to secretly intervene in the investigation.

They are already involved in this matter. Naturally, it is impossible for them to escape intact.

It's just that Jiang Xiaoche still doesn't understand something. He asked bluntly: "Why doesn't that gentleman let the Office of Strategic Deception investigate?"

"I was thinking about this issue before..." Boss Sun said: "Maybe you have your own concerns. Or maybe you feel that the Office of Strategic Deception is closely related to the General Alliance. There may be an insider inside."

"But the problem is that people have been robbed by the Office of Strategic Deception!" Jiang Xiaoche was on the verge of tears.

They are now in an awkward position in the middle.

I can't fight again and again. I can't fight again and again. I can't get away and put myself out of it...

The whole situation is quite unfavorable for the Huawei Shui Lian Group.

The most important thing is that their identity has been exposed by their actions. The insiders from General Alliance and the scavengers from the Foundation may take action against the Huaguo Shui Lian Group at any time.

This situation of being attacked from both sides is not a stalemate...

Jiang Xiaoche finally understood why yesterday, Sun Yiyuan ordered all employees to evacuate the entire building.

Obviously, the old man didn't want to involve innocent employees.

"Now I have no choice but to take a gamble."

After thinking about it, Mr. Boss Sun quickly made a decision: "Everyone else should leave. Xiaoche. Come with me to the Sun Family Treasury."

Jiang Xiaoche's pupils shrank when he heard these words: "Sir, what are you doing..."

"Since you are already involved and can't get out, you might as well make the matter bigger." At this point, Mr. Boss Sun stood up and took off his suit jacket.

Under the coat, the white shirt held up by strong muscles is particularly eye-catching.

Go to the Sun Family Treasury...

Jiang Xiaoche hasn't heard this sentence in many years.

This is the signal for Mr. Boss Sun to go to the treasury to get the ancestral magic weapon and come out in person!

At this time, Sun Yiyuan was not sure whether he could trust the Office of Strategic Deception.

But as long as you give it a try, everything will become clear.

...

On the other side. Zhuo Yi's inquiry into Keorn has reached a new breakthrough.

Their topic has turned to "virtual spirits".

I just heard this Zhuo Yi today. It is a strange and mysterious word.

"There is really such a thing as void invasion..." Zhuo Yi was secretly surprised after listening to Keorn's words.

Originally, these were just Gu Shunzhi's inferences. Unexpectedly, it was now confirmed by Keorn's mouth.

"Void invasion... You summed it up very well."

Keorn smiled bitterly: "Our world is indeed undergoing a ruthless invasion by void creatures."

"Did your investigation begin when you came to China 20 years ago?"

"To be precise, the time should be earlier. A large amount of evidence in my hand shows that the virtual spirit appeared earlier than the foundation previously thought."

Keorn said: "Just before, they have been secretly observing humans. They have been lurking in the human world for a long time. And at the beginning, their number was not very large. They were not enough to warrant caution."

"Are you observing humans..." Zhuo Yi couldn't help but sigh after hearing this: "It's like humans are playing with the bugs raised in the greenhouse?"

Keorn laughed: "It's a good metaphor. Maybe to them, we are indeed like insects trapped in a greenhouse. Because the virtual spirits themselves are indeed higher life forms. They are like wind, light, and clouds. It's also like fog...without entity. But it has extremely high wisdom."

"But why are such highly intelligent creatures interested in what they see as ants?"

"This...the evidence I have so far is limited. I can only make assumptions."

Keorn said: "After my long-term observation, I found that they seem to be looking for something. The current void invasion situation is unfolding for this thing."

"What kind of thing is it?" Zhuo Yi asked.

"It doesn't have to be an object. It could also be a person." Keorn replied.





Chapter 1234 Future Master?


After some conversation, Keorn's nervousness eased significantly.

Maybe it was because Snake's death gave him a feeling of being relieved of his burden.

As one of the investigators, he felt that he had watched too many of his colleagues die at the hands of scavengers.

I don't know when it started. Keorn also began to have a fear of scavengers deep in his heart.

But now, with Snake's death, everything is free.

The Office of Strategic Deception seems to have become Keorn's safe haven. Staying in the True Venerated Immortal Hall in the hinterland gives Keorn a sense of security.

This newly established sect quickly jumped into the top ten of the world's sects at an almost eerie speed.

Holding the third position firmly.

Except for economics, the overall quality of his disciples is not as good as that of the first two sects. In other aspects, they are almost left to chance.

The first two require accumulation after a long period of development.

After all, the Office of Strategic Deception is a newly established sect. It is not easy to achieve this level.

"You don't think it's necessarily an object, but a person..."Zhuo Yi frowned deeply after hearing Keorn's speculation.

If you are looking for something.

He actually thought of his master's "Senluo Wanxiang Pillar".

But it’s not like his master said he wouldn’t return this pillar...

Is this ethereal spirit capable of rioting over a magical weapon?

The things in the void behind the Void Gate must be more than just the Senluo Wanxiang Pillar.

And it must be more powerful!

After comprehensive comparison, Zhuo Yi feels that the weight of this dense pillar does not seem to be that high.

But if you come here to find someone.

This makes the scope very broad.

Even if the scope is narrowed, it seems that it can only be locked within the territory of Huaxiu.

The purpose of the Foundation sending Keorn to the Huaxiu Country 20 years ago was to investigate the lurking virtual spirits within the Huaxiu Country.

Judging from the comprehensive data, Huaxiu currently has the largest number of lurking virtual spirits in its territory.

So the breaking point of everything is because of someone from Huaxiu country.

At this point, the situation is gradually becoming clearer.

"What are the current ways to identify lurking ethereal spirits?"

"As I said before, phantoms are advanced beings without entities. They inhabit the human body with their own bodies. They will definitely produce a rejection reaction."

"Rejection reaction?"

"It's just at the beginning. Xu Ling's adaptability is extremely strong. The quick ones can adapt within one day. The slow ones take about five days... But no matter whether they are fast or slow, they all need to drink a red decoction."

"How do you know this?"Zhuo Yi was surprised.

"There are cases around me of being penetrated by ethereal spirits. This provides me with very good information."

When Keorn said this, he couldn't help but shed a cold sweat.

"Wealth is gained through danger. What I am doing is very dangerous. If it is discovered that I am testing the ethereal spirit, I will definitely die."

Using a human body to deal with unknown advanced beings...

Hearing this, even Zhuo Yi had to admire Keorn's courage.

He felt a desperate spirit from Keorn.

In fact, the investigators of the SBP Foundation all have this spirit.

Do your best to dig out and chase the truth. This is the mission of every SBP investigator.

Such professionalism reminded Zhuo Yi of reporting from the front while holding a tree in extreme weather.

Then reporters and photographers were swept away by floods or hurricanes...

"I have taken a sample of the red decoction before. I wanted to take it to the foundation for testing."

"Where is Ben now?"

"I didn't take it with me. It was just kept in the apartment where I live. I don't know if it was destroyed by the scavengers."

Keorn frowned: "With their ability, it shouldn't be difficult to find out where I live."

It seems that this red decoction sample is the key.

If the secret can be deciphered, perhaps we can discover the difference between human cultivators possessed by ethereal spirits and ordinary human cultivators.

"As for the decoction, I will find a way."

After saying that, Zhuo Yi looked to the side of Zhenyuan Immortal: "Senior, you must have heard it. I would like to ask senior to take action to find this decoction."

"This is easy."

Zhenyuan Immortal nodded. But with a single turn, his whole person turned into a cloud of smoke and disappeared.

Such terrifying spatial control ability is something even a well-informed person like Keorn has never seen before.

"What is the origin of this senior..."

"This is a sect secret. If you want to know, you can investigate it yourself."

Keorn wiped his sweat: "It's not that I haven't investigated the information of the Office of Strategic Deception. But I didn't find out until today. There are still many omissions. And this is the first time I have seen a sect open a canteen in its own door. ..."

In order to control the diet of their disciples, large sects usually do not set up places dedicated to selling snacks.

Eat too much puffed fried foods and carbonated drinks.

Over the years, it will have a huge impact on the development and growth of spiritual roots.

This is the reason why people who like to drink Fat House Happy Water generally have low cultivation level.

--{The Cultivator has a story}. An expert once publicly expressed this view.

Of course Zhuo Yi knows what Keorn meant by specifically mentioning the canteen.

He smiled slightly: "Actually, I think eating snacks may not necessarily have an impact on your realm."

How could a person be swayed by a few packs of snacks when his level of strength has reached a level that defies heaven?

Zhuo Yi thought the same way when I was a kid.

But since he met his cute little master, he felt like he had opened up a new world.

The existence of Wang Ling completely subverted his understanding of cultivation.

The so-called eating snacks has an impact on the realm. Now it seems to Zhuo Yi that it is a paradox. Cultivators only need to do everything in moderation.

Therefore Zhuo Yi believes that eating less and occasionally will not affect the development of spiritual roots.

"I don't agree with Mr. Zhuo's point of view. I am able to achieve such a level of cultivation because I have never eaten so-called junk food since I was a child." Keorn said with a smile.

However, the next moment, Zhuo Yi's soul torture stunned Keorn on the spot: "But Mr. Keorn, do you think you are happy all the way here?"

Keorn fell silent.

"I know that it may be difficult to change Mr. Keorn's understanding of cultivation in a short period of time."

Zhuo Yi said: "But if Mr. Keorn is willing to join our sect and fully understand the sect's corporate culture..."

"So Mr. Zhuo wants to recruit me into his gang?"

Keorn stopped Zhuo Yi's words.

After going around in circles, he finally understood what Zhuo Yi meant when he heard this.

The baggage routines in Eastern language are indeed profound and profound.

Keorn was amazed.

Zhuo Yi smiled: "Mr. Keorn. The Office of Strategic Deception does not extend an olive branch easily."

Keorn thought for a moment and smiled: "I will consider it when this matter is over."

The two were chatting while waiting for the Zhenyuan Immortal people to bring back the sample of the red decoction.

At this time, a disciple from outside the door hurriedly came over and said: "Report to Mr. Sun of Huaguo Shui Lian Group to see you!"

"Mr. Sun?"

Someone is coming. Somewhat unexpected. Zhuo Yi.

He is also a person that Zhuo Yi finds quite difficult to deal with.

After all, this person has a small chance of becoming his master's father...

To put it simply, this person has a very small chance of becoming his future master.

So in terms of your attitude towards this person.

Regardless of whether Sun Yiyuan is here to cause trouble.

Zhuo Yi needs to be carefully considered.





Chapter 1235 The security guard at the door is a bit scary


The central lakeside of the Office of Strategic Deception. This is a place specially built for disciples who specialize in water law.

A pavilion extends along the elegant curved promenade on the shore to the center of the lake, dividing the entire lake.

Under the baptism of the moonlight, there is a kind of beauty of yin and yang cutting off the dusk.

Sun Yiyuan entered through the mountain gate all the way. After asking for instructions from the disciples of the Office of Strategic Deception, he was led here.

This time he came out and was ready to fight. But unexpectedly, the Office of Strategic Deception treated him in an unusually...gentle way?

On the way here, Sun Yiyuan just got the news. It was said that it was the scavenger who came to the house in the last wave.

One captain has died.

No one saw how he died. According to intelligence data, he was actually killed by a security guard.

When he first got the news, Sun Yiyuan thought there was something wrong.

As a result, when he just passed by the mountain gate, he saw a young man who looked somewhat similar to Wang Ling, but was fundamentally different, smiling at him.

Although it was very similar to Wang Ling, he knew very well that it was not Wang Ling.

There is a fundamental difference in the aura on his body. And according to his long-term observation of Wang Ling, Wang Ling is a person who is not very good at smiling.

But the young man in front of the mountain gate looked at him and smiled.

His laughter sent chills down his spine and gave him a creepy feeling.

If I were to fight against that boy just now, what would be my chances of winning?

On the way to the Central Lake, Sun Yiyuan had been thinking about this issue.

The combat power of the Office of Strategic Deception is too terrifying.

Even the "security guard" at the door is a "sweeping monk" level existence.

No wonder the Office of Strategic Deception quickly established itself as the number one sect in the Huaxiu Kingdom in less than a few months after its establishment.

If it continues to develop like this, I am afraid that the Office of Strategic Deception can easily take over the world's number one position.

Sun Yiyuan waited in the pavilion for a while.

Not long after, footsteps were heard on the corridor. Facing the pale and bright moonlight, he could clearly see the face of the person coming.

It was a somewhat ugly-looking young man. Sun Yiyuan didn't recognize who he was at first.

Until the young man said: "Mr. Sun came to my Office of Strategic Deception. I am really lucky to be in my Office of Strategic Deception! I wish you immortality and good luck, sir!"

This familiar voice instantly evoked Sun Yiyuan's thoughts. He immediately narrowed his eyes: "You are..."

"I am Zhuo Yi." After pinching his face, Zhuo Yi revealed his true identity without any hesitation.

"As expected, you were not arrested." Sun Yiyuan smiled.

"It seems that Mr. Sun has expected this?"

"I can probably guess that you have escaped. I just don't know your whereabouts."

Mr. Boss Sun clasped his hands behind his back and floated gently as he left the pavilion.

His body is as light as duckweed. He stands on tiptoe above the lake.

There were only a few ripples and a few circles of ripples.

Zhuo Yi followed the movements of Mr. Boss Sun. They also stood on the lake. The two looked at each other deeply under the soft moonlight.

"You are the person that Da Kang likes. You are also the person who is most likely to succeed him as the leader of the Ten Thousand Schools Alliance in the future."

Sun Yiyuan said: "I was still doubtful about his choice. But now it seems that you do have some abilities."

"Mr. Sun is ridiculous. It's just that Xiao Zhuozi is lucky." Zhuo Yi clasped his fists.

He saw that Sun Yiyuan had changed into a set of light sportswear.

Then he roughly guessed the old man’s purpose of going up the mountain this time.

"Is Mr. Sun planning to use violence to beg people this time?" Zhuo Yi asked.

Sun Yiyuan's lips twitched when he heard these words.

The chairman of the dignified Huaguo Shui Lian Group came to visit in person... He really came with the intention of fighting.

But the problem is. You are too polite!

How could he take action...

He even took out the ancestral magic weapon "Gold and Jade Shocking Stick" from the Sun family's treasury!

"Why don't I guess the purpose of Mr. Sun's trip?"

Seeing that Sun Yiyuan remained silent, Zhuo Yi began to conduct his own analysis: "Mr. Sun did intend to fight with us at first."

"But after entering the gate of our Office of Strategic Deception, Mr. Sun found that we were not hostile. Therefore, the general purpose of Mr. Sun's trip may be to test the authenticity of my Office of Strategic Deception."

"You see clearly..."

Mr. Boss Sun chuckled.

Of course, the reason why he chose not to take action was not entirely because he found that the Office of Strategic Deception was not hostile to him.

But he realized that even if he did it, he might not be able to beat the security guard at the door.

He was a True Immortal. He was frightened by the aura of a "security guard".

If you really can't defeat him then, wouldn't you become the laughing stock of the world?

And the most important thing is that if this news comes out, the share price of Huaguo Shui Lian Group will plummet!

As a businessman, in order to preserve his integrity, Sun Yiyuan thought it over again and felt that it would be inappropriate to take action directly.

And True Immortal is fighting. If the movement is too big, it will be enough to destroy the city...

"Regarding the interrogation of Keorn. We have backed up the video data."

On the lake. Zhuo Yi said frankly: "If Mr. Sun wants to see it, I can take Mr. Sun there now."

"You are sincere."

Sun Yiyuan looked at Zhuo Yi: "You're not worried. I'm not from your side?"

Zhuo Yi smiled: "A consortium. No matter how bold it is, it is impossible to go against the General Alliance. Unless Mr. Sun has been instructed by someone..."

This point. Zhuo Yi was on the Wuling Hongguang van. I heard someone from Zhenyuan Immortal analyze that someone on the road smelled of medicine.

So if we continue to think about it, it will be obvious whose order the Huaguo Shui Lian Group is subject to.

"Since the establishment of General Alliance, General Alliance belongs to that Lord. Our Office of Strategic Deception relies on General Alliance to grow. Naturally, we will stand by that Lord unconditionally."

Zhuo Yi bowed again: "Mr. Sun, does he know why I invited him here?"

With the evening breeze blowing, Sun Yiyuan's eyes looked at the bright moon reflected on the lake in front of him with great tranquility.

"My heart is like the bright moon."

Mr. Boss Sun stared at the moon. His tense heart relaxed a little.

He was sighing in his mind. Fortunately, the Office of Strategic Deception is not the enemy... and is not on the other side.

Otherwise, the outcome would be really hard to predict.

Just sending out the security guards at the door can kill people crazy.

"We will share the next information with Mr. Sun. If Mr. Sun trusts us, we can also share some of the information we know." Zhuo Yi said this. The phone in his suit trouser pocket vibrated.

It's the Immortal people from Zhenyuan who are back.

Zhuo Yi learned that the sample of the red decoction was intact.

The main reason is that the location where Keorn is stored is also very tricky.

He actually put this book into the toilet...

When Zhenyuan Immortals went there, the place where Keorn lived was in a mess. It had obviously been searched by scavengers.

But they never expected that Keorn's action of placing the sample in the toilet would invisibly protect the sample.

Because just before these scavengers opened the toilet.

In this way, the book has been teleported away by Lord Ma first.

Now that Zhenyuan Immortal has passed away again, Lord Ma has sent the sample back again...





Chapter 1236 Void Werewolf Killing


There is absolutely no better toilet in the world than Lord Ma.

He is not only the enlightened spirit who has seen the butts of the men in the Wang family. He is also the spirit who controls the toilets all over the world.

If the fourth-order attunement standard is reached, this range can be expanded further.

As the chief disciple of Wang Ling, Zhuo Yi naturally knows how powerful Lord Ma is.

This kind of teleportation control ability can really only be described as "defying the heavens".

"Thanks to Lord Ma for this."

Above the True Venerated Immortal Hall. Zhuo Yi heard the explanation from Zhenyuan Immortal.

I couldn't help but have the habit of muttering to myself again.

"Who is Lord Ma?" Sun Yiyuan sat on Keqing's chair with a curious look in his eyes.

Lord Ma is an enlightened spirit. Of course Zhuo Yi cannot reveal his identity directly.

But he didn't want to deceive the Boss Sun in front of him, so he thought of a reasonable explanation: "He is an excellent courier."

"Then this courier has made a great contribution." Sun Yiyuan also marveled.

"It is indeed dedicated." Zhuo Yi nodded.

Lord Ma’s dedication is not just something that Zhuo Yi just talks about.

He heard that Lord Ma was in love recently.

And the object of his love is the "Ushen Tree" that deeply extracted his nutrients before...

This should be the first of all the monsters in the Wang family villa to be single.

And what people never expected is that this single Lord Ma actually does not look young.

But beauty is in the eye of the beholder.

The girl Ushenshu is just like Lord Ma. There is nothing I can do about it.

All I can say is that he is indeed a spirit inspired by Master.

He was clearly in love, but he still completed his task brilliantly.

After hearing this, the people from Zhenyuan Immortal couldn't help but marvel at Zhuo Yi's speaking ability.

The story of a greedy girl begging for fertilizer suddenly became a love story of a dedicated courier.

Zhuo Yi is indeed a rare talent.

"How long will the test take?" Boss Sun sat on the guest seat and took a sip of tea.

From the very beginning, he has been observing the immortal people of Zhenyuan.

Because this is another strong man he doesn't know...

He was glad in his heart that he didn't really do anything just now.

Otherwise, I'm afraid his old face may no longer have a place.

This Office of Strategic Deception has been a terrible day.

There are unknown masters of "sweeping monk" level everywhere. This is so outrageous!

"Immortal Toya is already conducting experiments. It should be soon. But in the final analysis, our drug laboratory in the Office of Strategic Deception may not be as high-end as those under Mr. Sun's group."

Zhuo Yi said this and narrowed his eyes slightly with a smile: "Everyone knows that the first level five elixir laboratory in the country was built by Huaguo Shui Lian Group. Unfortunately, our Office of Strategic Deception is currently short of funds. And there is such a thing We have many disciples to support. We still can’t afford to open this laboratory."

Hearing these words, Sun Yiyuan took a sip of water.

He is not a fool. Of course he can understand the hint in Zhuo Yi.

No...

This is no longer a hint. From the perspective of Zhuo Yi, this is almost an explicit statement.

But Sun Yiyuan did not intend to accept this.

The construction cost of the fifth-level elixir laboratory is particularly expensive. At least 1 billion immortal gold is required.

With this money, you can open a heaven-level sect again.

Any investment must pay attention to returns. He is not a philanthropist.

He is a businessman. He will not make investments without any reason.

To Sun Yiyuan's surprise, Zhuo Yi did not continue to stalk him. Instead, he changed the topic back to Keorn.

"Mr. Keorn. I remember that the SBP Foundation was originally invested and established by the International Cultivator Alliance?"

"Exactly." Keorn nodded.

This is a fact that everyone knows. So there is nothing to hide.

"Let's gossip. How much was the initial investment?"

"It seems to be 1.5 billion immortal gold. It only counts as operational investment. If you add equipment and venues...the total investment has already exceeded 3 billion."

"Does the Foundation also have an elixir laboratory?"

"Yes. It's a Level 5 laboratory. This laboratory was built by the Torenos Dancing Company in Mixiu Country."

"No way? The funds to establish a level 5 laboratory are not low. How can any entrepreneur invest for no reason?" Zhuo Yi showed an expression of disbelief.

"Mr. Zhuo, you must believe that there are still people in this world who possess truth, kindness and beauty, and who sincerely contribute to world peace."

Keorn's words were very sincere. After speaking, he glanced at Sun Yiyuan out of the corner of his eye: "Of course. Not all outstanding entrepreneurs have this awareness..."

When Mr. Boss Sun heard this, his hand holding the tea began to tremble.

He regrets it very much now.

He shouldn't have chosen to come to the Office of Strategic Deception in the first place...

Isn’t this obvious moral blackmail?

Zhuo YiAlthough he never asked him to help the Office of Strategic Deception establish a laboratory from beginning to end.

But this time the "gossip" with Keorn came to an end. Keorn's words were heartbreaking.

It's the kind of "heart-breaking" that kills people!

As an excellent entrepreneur, Sun Yiyuan really felt that his conscience seemed to be shaken.

At this point, seeing Sun Yiyuan's expression, Zhuo Yi knew that things at the Office of Strategic Deception Level 5 Laboratory were basically stable.

Mr. Boss Sun doesn't say anything. I'm afraid he has fallen into a deep "moral whirlpool" in his heart.

Although his methods are a bit despicable, sometimes they are despicable and shameful, but they are useful!

Things have progressed to this point. Zhuo Yi naturally has no chance of stopping.

In the end, he still stared at Sun Yiyuan and added the final blow: "I know. Mr. Sun is an excellent entrepreneur. He must have the same corporate conscience as Torenos Pill Making Company."

"This...this is natural..."

Sun Yiyuan took a deep breath. He gritted his teeth and stared at Zhuo Yi: "Don't worry, Mr. Zhuo. It's about the Office of Strategic Deception level 5 laboratory. When this incident comes to an end, I, Huaguo Shui Lian Group, Carry out investment and construction."

"This. How can this be so embarrassing?"

Zhuo Yi Hearing this, he stood up immediately: "How can I, the Office of Strategic Deception, accept such a great gift from Mr. Sun? But then again, this is definitely Mr. Sun's choice, right? Otherwise, what if? Word spread that it was my Office of Strategic Deception who was coercing us. We cannot afford to lose this reputation."

Mr. Boss Sun tried his best to keep a smile: "It's voluntary...all this is out of my conscience as an entrepreneur..."

So. In this pleasant conversation about "entrepreneurial conscience".

Zhuo Yi seemed to hear the sound of teeth being broken.

But he can tell.

This should be. Not an illusion...

...

The time is already 2:12 am on Thursday, November 26th.

Wang Ling did not fall asleep.

After completing his homework, he also secretly assisted in investigating matters related to the foundation.

According to the clues left by Warden Liang.

There are seven main emissaries behind the foundation.

The book of Sage Immortal. Lists the information of these seven people in detail. It appears in front of Wang Ling.

This is relevant information extracted from Warden Liang's soul memory.

And his soul has been protected by Wang Ling.

Position 1: Moon. I don’t know the gender but I hate a gentle person.

Position 2: Star. Has more intelligence capabilities than others. Claims to have prophetic abilities.

Position 3: The Sun. Always exudes a sense of justice like a big brother.

Position 4: Judgment. The host of the meeting. His voice is shrill and funny. I don’t know whether he is male or female.

Position 5: Chariot. His acting style is as violent as his code name.

Position 6: Destiny. A man of few words. But he can always give hints at critical moments.

Position 7: The Fool. Always leaves meetings midway and misses meetings. Very mysterious.

...

After reading Wang Ling, I always feel like I am playing Werewolf...

So among these seven people, who is the undercover agent of Void, and how many wolves are there?





Chapter 1237 Who is the Fool?


Cathedral of St. Pias. The base of the Messenger of the Moon.

The glazed glass roof of the church reflects the colorful colors under the sunlight.

If you sit in the middle of the church, you will have the illusion of living in a rainbow illusion.

For every believer in God.

This is undoubtedly a place that may be closest to God.

A nun wearing a black gown and a veil walked into the church.

She walked along the wide aisle. The bright moonlight filtered through the top of the wall, reflecting the peaceful face of the moon messenger.

The Moon Messenger stared at the God mural on the prayer table with his silver eyes and prayed devoutly.

After a while, her thoughts were pulled away. Her whole person turned into a black shadow and sat in the spiritual space.

No one can imagine that the legendary messenger of the moon is only a nun in the church.

At this time, she was sitting dignifiedly on the bench in the spiritual space.

Only at this moment, the Moon Messenger felt like he had become God, looking down on all living beings.

The existence of the foundation greatly satisfied her vanity.

And this was also the reason why she agreed to join the SBP in the first place.

Moon Messenger opened his eyes. The orderliness of the people in this meeting was a bit unexpected.

All the messengers from the 7 locations came.

"Reliable news. Snake was killed by a strong man from the Office of Strategic Deception. Keorn betrayed us." The Judgment Messenger acted as the host of the meeting and explained the unfortunate news to everyone.

Regarding Snake's death, everyone present had mixed reactions.

The most shocked person was the Moon Goddess: "His strength actually died at the hands of the Office of Strategic Deception..."

"What a useless waste." The chariot messenger hammered the table, looking very angry: "Didn't he get any information before he died?"

"Not at all."

Star Messenger smiled slyly. The information he received was no less than that from Judgment: "I don't think even Judgment Messenger would have thought that Snake would die in the hands of a security guard from the Office of Strategic Deception."

"security guard?"

The rest of the people were silent after hearing this.

Many people's hearts are trembling wildly.

It's not just the trial. Everyone here seems to underestimate the power of the Office of Strategic Deception...

How could there be a crazy sect using True Immortal as a security guard these days?

Snake's strength is half a step to True Immortal...just a little short of leaping into True Immortal status.

To be able to defeat Snake, even a security guard, he must at least have the strength of True Immortal.

"I have organized a temporary retreat for the scavengers. I wonder what your opinions and thoughts are."

Xu Bai looked at everyone here.

As the host of the meeting. The legendary "Messenger of Judgment" of the Foundation.

He felt that he had seen through everything.

After becoming a more advanced being, the ability to acquire information is naturally extraordinary.

He is able to communicate directly with the Lord of the Void. Ask for the Lord's assistance.

Let the Lord use the supreme power of the void to get him all the answers he wants.

Therefore, he actually already knows the identity of everyone here, including the residence of every messenger.

Snake's death was something he had foreseen long ago.

As long as there is a void sphere, he can absorb Snake's soul as soon as Snake dies, allowing Snake to transform into a high-level void spirit.

At that time, as long as he kills anyone here, let Snake carry out the void invasion.

He can control one more messenger in his hands.

Then just repeat the above operation. The entire foundation will fall between his five fingers.

But right now, the most important thing is acting.

He cannot reveal everyone's identity directly.

And whose body should Snake invade? Xu Bai was also deeply confused.

He must first observe and observe. Who dares to disobey him?

"It's too dangerous for the Scavengers to stay in Huaxiu Country. I think we should withdraw them all first and wait and see what happens." At this time, the Sun Messenger spoke: "The Scavengers have done a lot for the Foundation in these years. Once they fall. into the hands of other countries. Everything the Foundation does will be exposed."

"But the problem is. Keorn is already in their hands, isn't it?" Chariot continued to pound the table. His temper was extremely grumpy.

"The scavenger has a higher priority than these investigators. These investigators may not know the scavenger."

Sun Messenger insisted on his point of view: "In these years, everything the scavenger has done has not left any trace. It is a beautiful thing, isn't it?"

Chariot was angry: "I still disagree! Captain Scavenger is dead. It is tantamount to the foundation being humiliated in another country! This place must be brought back!"

The dispute between the sun and the chariot is expected. Their personalities are very different.

However, after the two people expressed their opinions, the meeting seemed to have a focus.

"Old rules. Whether the scavenger should go or stay. Let's vote. The minority. Submit to the majority." Xu Bai spoke as the "messenger of judgment".

Sun Messenger is considering the long-term development of the foundation. But he seems to prefer Chariot Messenger's approach.

In any power dispute, if all plans are too conservative, sooner or later they will be eroded step by step.

The foundation is under his control. It must become stronger.

Then it is crucial to establish prestige for the foundation.

Xu Bai is not afraid of Office of Strategic Deception at all.

In his opinion, the existence of the Office of Strategic Deception is just a stepping stone for the development of his foundation.

Destined to serve him.

"I support Chariot's point of view." So he spoke first to express his attitude.

The moderator gives priority to expressing opinions. This situation is rare.

Looking at this scene, Sun Messenger felt a trace of anger in his heart.

There is a feeling that one is being targeted.

And when he saw other envoys voting one after another, this surging anger was even more intense.

"Moon! Stars! Destiny! What do you three mean?"

The sun questioned the three people: "Moon, don't you always advocate peace? How could you agree to such a violent behavior of the chariot messenger!"

Sister Moon was silent. She actually had no opinion of her own. Following the crowd was her usual approach.

Star Messenger: "Although what Sun Messenger said makes sense. But I always follow my own judgment."

At this time, the Sun Messenger looked at Destiny. Just like before, the Destiny Messenger fell into silence again.

Finally, all eyes in the room turned to the only person who did not express his opinion.

"Fool, what's your opinion?" Xu Bai stared at the black figure sitting at the end and narrowed his eyes.

Fools often leave meetings in the middle of the meeting.

This is the only time when the Fool does not leave.

But now it seems that the Fool's vote has no meaning.

Even if he voted for the Sun, the chariot was destined to win in this vote.

In the silence, everyone seemed to hear a rustling sound. It seemed that someone was chewing something.

"Who is stealing snacks during the meeting?" Xu Bai asked in surprise.

Everyone followed the sound.

I was surprised to find that this voice came from the Fool in position 7. It came from the black shadow that the Fool incarnated...

Although everyone could not see the Fool's face and could only see a group of black shadows, they could clearly see the movements of this black shadow.

The Fool seemed to have opened a new bag of packaging. He took out the seasoning packet from the packaging bag. He tore it open skillfully and sprinkled it in.

Then put your hands together and crush the snack into pieces...

Xu Bai looked at this scene and was shocked.

In his understanding, the previous Fool was definitely not like this! He had no habit of eating snacks!

But who is this fool?

And the action of opening the snack bag seemed a bit familiar to Xu Bai...

His eyes were touching.

Deep in my heart, there was an inexplicable feeling of fear that was aroused at this time.





Chapter 1238 The Frightening Fool


Half an hour before the foundation meeting starts.

The Book of Sage Immortal has deduced the identity of the "Fool" messenger among the seven messengers.

It is also recommended that Wang Ling use the "temporary body seizing technique" to enter the body of this fool.

This kind of seizure is temporary. A short-term soul exchange can be achieved.

The advantage is that you can infiltrate seamlessly without being discovered.

Therefore. Wang Ling is not a real fool.

But what Wang Ling didn't expect was.

His habit of stealing snacks raised questions among several other messengers at the scene.

But fortunately, he hasn't been completely exposed yet.

The most important reason is that Xubai does not believe that the person who is the Fool is Wang Ling.

There's no way it's this person...

For a moment, the three words "impossible" were displayed back and forth in Xu Bai's mind.

Based on the information he investigated.

The Fool's true identity is a woodcutter living in the deep mountains and forests. His name is Joyce Tanlang.

Joyce Tanlang is very powerful, but has a miserable life experience.

I have a sister who has been possessed by an evil spirit since childhood.

This overbearing evil spirit has been entrenched in his sister's body all year round and refuses to come out.

And Joyce, in addition to working hard to practice to become stronger.

At the same time, he is also looking for a way to rid his sister of the evil spirit.

But unfortunately, Joyce took too long.

The evil spirit and his sister have merged spiritually. Now they are indistinguishable from each other.

Joyce wanted to keep her sister alive.

He had to live with his sister in the deep mountains where there is abundant spiritual energy.

Because of this, Joyce's mental space signal has always been unstable.

And this is the reason why this messenger of the Fool often leaves the meeting in the middle of the meeting.

So, let’s ask a woodcutter who lives in the mountains all year round with his sister who is possessed by an evil spirit.

Why do you suddenly have the habit of eating snacks?

Although Xu Bai had doubts in his heart.

But he didn't believe the woodcutter in the Fool position.

He is the man whom he longs for revenge.

He has carefully planned everything. This plan has not yet been officially launched.

All actions should be seamless.

That man couldn't have imagined that he was the mastermind behind it.

So. There must be a mistake somewhere.

Or maybe Lord of the Void missed some of Joyce's habits...

If this is a woodcutter who loves snacks, it seems to make sense.

Joyce sacrificed so much for her sister.

Visited so many powerful beings and sought out secret recipes in remote places to relieve evil spirits.

You must have your own pressure.

Some people relieve stress by typing on the keyboard;

Some people drink whiskey;

Some people rely on recommendation votes and monthly votes;

There are also people who shamelessly rely on dragging to relieve stress;

Of course, it is not ruled out that some people rely on snacks to relieve stress.

Nervously swallowing the saliva accumulated in his mouth, Xu Bai spoke at this time.

"Fool. Don't you... have nothing to say?"

He still firmly believed in the Lord of the Void's judgment.

It was confirmed that the messenger sitting in seat 7 was the old woodcutter Joyce.

Not the man he wants revenge on.

He is vain. He is not vain at all.

But the best time for revenge has not yet come.

He just needs a little more time to prepare.

"I agree. Chariot's opinion."

Finally, a voice came from the Fool's position.

This slightly rough voice made Xu Bai let out a long sigh of relief.

He was sure it was Joyce's voice.

And his tone of voice was exactly the same as Joyce's.

"So. Six votes for Chariot and one vote for the Sun. The foundation will formulate follow-up plans based on Chariot's suggestions."

Speaking of this, in the spiritual space, Xu Bai made the final decision.

This meeting has come to an end.

...

In the bedroom of the Wang family's small villa. Wang Ling opened his eyes.

At the last moment of the meeting just now, Wang Ling canceled his "temporary body seizing technique".

The body was returned to its original owner Joyce Tanlon.

This is a good brother who knows how to cherish his sister.

Wang Ling doesn’t want to get Joyce in trouble because of his own reasons.

He has signed a soul contract with Joyce, retaining the right to come to him at any time.

In return. Wang Ling will agree to help Joyce cure his sister.

Although the evil ghost has soul-fused with his sister.

But for Wang Ling, peeling off the evil spirit is just a snap of the finger.

Facing the upper body of Wang Ling, Joyce was of course moved.

He felt that his perseverance in abandoning his sister over the years had moved God and received God's salvation.

After Wang Ling releases the upper body state.

Joyce knelt on his knees, looked up at the sky with his hands in prayer, and thanked God for Shengze with the most pious eyes.

Joyce: "Lord! Thank you Lord! If the Lord would use my body! You're welcome to call me anytime.!"

Wang Ling: "..."

...

"Is it done?"

At this time Wang Ling turned his attention to the tablet on the desktop.

Although Wang Ling already had the idea of giving it away.

so.

Send it. It must be sent.

But Apple Aid is still useful for the time being.

"During the time when I was in the Lord's body, I had figured out the identities of several people in the spiritual space."

The book of Sage Immortal states the results of its own deductions.

The seven people in the foundation are all foreign cultivators.

However, we cannot rule out the possibility that some of these foreign cultivators may be colluding with the General Alliance.

Among them, the collusion probability of tanks is as high as 87%. It is the object of key observation.

Wang Ling clicked on the tank's information.

The true full name of the chariot envoy was discovered: Toy Delray.

He is the boss of a multinational spirit sword production company. He controls more than twenty giant spirit sword production and processing factories.

Every year, some of the mass-produced spirit swords in the Huaxiu Kingdom are obtained from Toy Delray.

What surprised Wang Ling even more.

This Toy Del Rey actually seems to be related by blood to a person Wang Ling knows.

Inferred based on bloodline analysis in the Sage Immortal book.

Toy Del Rey's DNA similarity is highly consistent with Yi Zhiyang.

Two people. Actually have a father-son relationship?

But Yi Zhiyang has been alone since he was a child.

It was after General Yi took a fancy to his talent and accepted him as his disciple.

Life is gradually getting better.

To be honest, without this bloodline data.

Wang LingIt’s hard to imagine that Yi Zhiyang has foreign ancestry.

It seems that Yi Zhiyang may have inherited a little more of his mother's genes.

And his mother is definitely an authentic oriental beauty.

"Continue investigating."

Wang Ling continues to give orders to the Book of Sage Immortal.

He needs to know who Yi Zhiyang's mother is.

As long as his mother is within the scope of the earth, through comparison with large databases, there are always possible clues to be found.

It may take a while to find it.

But Wang Ling has plenty of time now.

In fact. In this information currently provided by the Sage Immortal book.

Wang Ling also found another interesting set of data.

That is the inference about the identity of Judgment Messenger Number 4.

Although the Sage Immortal Book gave a 76% probability to a person named "Michelle".

But there is still a probability of 24 shown.

This "Michelle" has most likely been transferred.

"Bai Zhe."

Wang Ling stared at this familiar name. He smiled in his heart.

He didn't expect that Xiaoqiang's vitality would be so tenacious.





Chapter 1239 Void Spirit Detection Reagent


Today's Bai Zhe is indeed different from the past.

Wang Ling can feel that Bai Zhe's combat effectiveness has been significantly improved.

But the only thing that hasn't changed is that excessive self-confidence.

Excessive confidence is arrogance.

This is also the reason why Wang Ying initially took a fancy to Bai Zhe, but did not reuse Bai Zhe.

Although he is strong, he can easily get into trouble if he is too conceited.

So now the question comes. How strong is Bai Zhe?

After testing in the Book of Sage Immortal, the exact answer was given: "My lord. He seems to have become an ethereal spirit."

Has it really been invaded by the void?

This result does not surprise Wang Ling.

Because he clearly knows President Bai's hatred for him.

In order to defeat him, he would rather not be a human being and let himself become a so-called higher-level creature...

Such hatred can be felt across the space Wang Ling.

"Is there any estimate of specific combat power?" Wang Ling asked the Sage Immortal book.

"This is difficult to calculate. Because my knowledge of void creatures is still limited at present. However, the first thing Bai Zhe did after becoming a void spirit was to absorb the Demonic Gut Bacteria Master. This is the fusion of the Lord's enlightenment power. creature. So currently, his strength may be higher than that of Wang Zhen in his heyday."

Above Venerated Immortal is Dao Supreme.

In other words, this person's current strength is indeed immeasurable.

When Wang Zhen came to him from the upper and lower realms of Jiuzhong Star to ask for an explanation.

Wang Ling is actually not scary.

He could tell at a glance that Wang Zhen was at his peak combat power. He could probably withstand five slaps from him.

The Heavenly Dao Committee punished Wang Zhen. In fact, it saved Wang Zhen's life.

Otherwise, with these five slaps, Wang Zhen would have been out of his wits.

Nowadays, President Bai, whose pseudonym is Xu Bai, is stronger than Wang Zhen. This made Wang Ling immediately interested.

His {Ten Slaps to Subdue the Dragon} that has been sealed away for many years. Will the seal be released?

...

On the other side, preliminary test results have been obtained regarding the test of the red decoction.

Although there is a substance in this potion that Immortal Toya has never seen before.

However, through comparison of medicinal properties, Immortal Toya still found a spiritual plant with similar effects from the existing medicinal materials library on the earth. However, the effect is far from being as good as that of brewing a red decoction.

True Venerated Immortal Hall. Immortal Toya took a round, blue orb.

Create a projection by touching the magic ball. Project the picture in your mind into the void.

"The first thing that can be determined is that the spiritual plant that makes the red soup does not exist on the earth. Let's call it a void plant." Immortal Toya said: "After reliable comparison, the medicinal properties of this void plant are similar to those of the earth. The herbal properties on Return are similar."

"Return the grass?"

When Sun Yiyuan heard this, he nodded slightly.

He is engaged in the production of elixirs. Of course he is very sensitive to the names of some spiritual plants.

This return grass is a rare and endangered spiritual plant. It is also the main medicinal material used to make {Soul Recovery Pill}.

It can bring back people's souls at critical moments and save people's lives.

It is used for resuscitation of critically ill patients.

"As Mr. Keorn said. Hollows are advanced creatures."

"It took them a long time to evolve themselves to the point where they were incorporeal, like light and wind."

"And invading the bodies of human cultivators actually causes great damage to themselves."

Immortal Toya said: "If Void Spirit is compared to a brand new software, then the environment for human cultivators is like an old system."

"There is no complete compatibility between the two."

"So they need to take this supplement to adapt quickly."

Zhuo Yi raised his eyebrows: "In other words, if they invade the human body, they will actually cause some harm to themselves?"

Immortal Toya nodded: "In theory, this is true. But in fact, as long as they adapt to the human body, it will not affect the performance of their strength."

"The only thing to note is that if the container they live in is not strong enough, it is likely to break."

"And they won't die. Then we just need to replace them with new containers."

"To put it simply, the process of adapting to the human body is the process in which they are at their weakest."

"If we attack at this time, their strength cannot be effectively used. With our current combat power, there is still a high probability that we can win and remove them."

Immortal Toya introduces the relevant situation.

Then he turned the magic ball in his hand and displayed a newly developed purple reagent: "This is the virtual spirit detection reagent I just prepared. It is prepared according to the medicinal properties of the return grass. It is colorless and odorless. Only those who have drunk the red decoction The ethereal spirit will react."

"What's the reaction?" Zhuo Yi asked.

"If you just rely on smelling it, people who are invaded by ethereal spirits will feel a sense of stench."

Immortal Toya said: "If the agent is injected into or comes into contact with the human body, within a very short period of time, the agent will cause the person invaded by the void spirit to lose their hair instantly and become bald..."

Everyone: "..."

When Immortal Toya said this, everyone suddenly had a strong sense of seeing the scene in their minds.

Just imagine. If virtual spirits completely broke out in the human world.

If reagents are used for testing, then there may be scenes of people arresting bald heads all over the world...

Nowadays, due to irregular life, even college students’ hair loss rate is increasing year by year.

Not to mention those high-risk occupations where you have to stay up late for a long time.

Programmers, media professionals, medical staff, teachers, Internet authors...

Thinking of this. Zhuo Yi couldn't help shaking his body. He felt like his whole body was shaking.

What a reagent that makes people feel "bald"!

"Well... we can't just beat people to death because of hair loss, right? There are still quite a lot of bald people nowadays." Zhuo Yi said.

"Being beaten to death with a stick is definitely not enough."

Immortal Toya said: "So for those friends who have already lost their hair, the best way is to rely on smelling. As long as there is no nausea, they have no possibility of being invaded by ethereal spirits. At that time, you can get them a certificate or something like that. Something."

"But how could a person who was invaded by a virtual spirit accept and cooperate so easily?"

"I've thought about this too. So this matter must be done in a way that is both east and west."

Immortal Toya said: "Influenza is prevalent recently. Just say it's a flu test. I believe you won't refuse. If there is really no cooperation, you can put the reagent into artificial rainfall. Then just observe whether there is anyone on the street who has lost his hair after being exposed to the rain. Just people."

At this time, Sun Yiyuan sighed deeply and took off the wig on his head.

Zhuo Yi: "Mr. Sun, you..."

Sun Yiyuan: "There is always a lot of pressure at work. In the past few years, I took Hair Growth Pill every day. Now my body has developed resistance to the drug. Later I gave up resistance."

Everyone: "..."





Chapter 1240 Bald Storm


The successful development of the virtual spirit detection reagent finally gave everyone at the Office of Strategic Deception a glimmer of new hope.

The war between them and the virtual spirits has begun.

It's just different from previous battles. The early stage of this battle is a war without smoke.

The goal of Zhuo Yi is also very clear.

One: They must find out who Xu Ling is looking for.

Two: They must rush to find the key figures before the Void Spirit officially launches the Void Invasion, and strangle them in the cradle.

"Reagents. Let me take them back." At this time, Mr. Boss Sun said.

The Huaguo Shui Lian Group has many stores. It allows the reagents developed by Immortal Toya to be quickly produced in large quantities in a short period of time and transported to its stores across the country.

Sun Yiyuan has already thought about it. He can turn all stores under his industrial chain into invisible virtual spiritual monitoring points.

Use spell fusion detection reagents to implement large-area artificial rainfall. This is the next best option.

Because there may be a risk of alerting the enemy.

Sun Yiyuan put on the wig again and adjusted his clothes.

He has never made public his baldness. But this time the situation is special.

Since the Office of Strategic Deception has confirmed that it is an ally, it will disclose it to the ally. This is actually a sign of trust.

"Then I'll leave this matter to Mr. Sun." Zhuo Yi, Immortal Toya from Zhenyuan all clasped their fists and bowed.

"Together with each other."

Sun Yiyuan looked serious. He cupped his fists and responded with four words.

Then Mr. Boss Sun hurriedly left with Immortal Toya. As a developer of reagents, Immortal Toya had been specially hired by Sun Yiyuan as the chief engineer.

Research and development of reagents and drugs is also front-line work.

Contrast Immortal Toya is proud of.

Doctors are benevolent. Alchemists are also medical workers. Immortal Toya takes it upon himself to fulfill his responsibilities.

So in the early morning of November 26th.

With the full cooperation of the Office of Strategic Deception and the Huaguo Shui Lian Group, the ins and outs of the entire matter have been basically figured out.

Although there are still many doubts about the incident itself, the general direction has been set.

In just a few hours, Immortal Toya quickly developed a reagent for detecting virtual spirits.

This speed is jaw-dropping.

"The reagent work has begun. But Mr. Keorn, we still have something we need your cooperation to complete."

Shortly after Boss Sun and Immortal Toya left. Zhuo Yi turned his attention to Keorn again.

Keorn is a smart man. He actually knows exactly what Zhuo Yi wants him to do.

To be honest, he was not mentally prepared.

Now Keorn's mood seemed extremely tangled and nervous. Zhuo Yi saw his hand trembling when he lit the cigarette.

"I'm not scared. It's just..." Keorn tried to explain.

"I understand you." Zhuo Yi stepped forward and patted Keorn's thick shoulder.

Now, the burden of revealing the truth has fallen on this man.

After finishing a cigarette, Keorn pressed the cigarette butt into the ashtray nearby and pressed it hard. Then he took a deep breath and tried to calm down his mood.

"Mr. Zhuo, I'm ready." Keorn stood up.

Zhuo Yi has prepared a live broadcast room over there. Everything Keorn said below will be broadcast live online. It will be broadcast to all parts of the world.

In the information age, the communication power of the Internet cannot be underestimated. Once the traffic piles up, it may be more terrifying than the intensity of live television.

According to the plan, Keorn will reveal the whole story in two parts.

The first stage. They cannot reveal anything about Xu Ling yet. They need to let the detection reagents fully operate in the market to distinguish between ourselves and the enemy.

When the time comes, the second stage is when the truth is revealed.

Keorn will tell everything the Foundation has asked him to investigate in the past 20 years! This also includes the truth about the "Void Invasion"!

Of course. In order to protect Keorn, Zhuo Yi will appropriately protect Keorn's identity during the first phase of disclosure.

I will only report the first thing to the outside world as a researcher at the Office of Strategic Deception....

So. Just in the morning of that day, the video of the first phase of the Office of Strategic Deception was spread all over the Internet with lightning speed.

The director of the Internet Information Department of the Office of Strategic Deception is none other than Guang Daoren. With the help of one of the leading figures in the live broadcast industry, the speed of spread is simply shocking.

Morning courseware. Wang Ling found that most people are discussing this matter.

Mainly. Zhuo Yi In order to let the test reagents circulate. At the same time, in order to make Xu Ling less suspicious. This report is a bit exaggerated...

At Number 60 High School alone, many students and teachers are beginning to feel a little panicked about their hairlines.

After class, there is a long queue at the door of both the men's and women's toilets.

Not for going to the toilet...

But to look in the mirror.

"Is the bald flu virus mentioned by the Office of Strategic Deception true or false? Is there any virus in the world that can make people bald?"

In class. Guo Hao stroked the hair on the top of his head to confirm that his hair was still healthy.

The person who is least worried about this matter is Chen Chao, because he is originally short-term.

For him.

To be bald or not to be bald.

Actually there is not much difference.

"Holy shit! I saw someone on the Internet saying that he was bald! He lost a lot of hair overnight. I suspect that he may have the baldness virus!" At this time, someone was scrolling on his mobile phone and screaming.

"Where? Let me see?"

After hearing the news, everyone came over to watch the fun.

This is just a screenshot of the chat history. It is all the text of the conversation between two people. There are no pictures.

Wang Ling sighed without interest.

Now, things about the "bald head virus" have become hot searches. There are always people who like to take advantage of this time to gain some traffic.

The Internet spreads too fast. When people do not fully understand unknown things, it is easy to believe all kinds of rumors fabricated by thoughtful people and marketing accounts that "pop out" on the Internet.

Facts have proven that people are more afraid of baldness than coughs and fevers.

Zhuo YiAfter announcing the news, Huaguo Shui Lian Group quickly set up testing points across the country.

All employees have even been mobilized to carry out epidemic prevention work. Testing points have been set up in major public places. Hospitals have been linked to isolate suspected people.

This kind of reaction speed is already amazing.

In fact, the vast majority of people are not at risk of baldness... All of this is just a pretense to identify phantoms.

Wang Ling sat in his seat and quietly watched the performance of the Office of Strategic Deception.

Over here, someone is working hard.

On the other side, there are people who are spreading rumors to boost traffic.

In just one morning, the ginger and garlic in the vegetable market were out of stock...just because the marketing account said that garlic and ginger can prevent hair loss...

"Wang Ling. I remember if you have crispy noodles with garlic flavor? How about donating some?" At this time, someone turned their attention to Wang Ling and asked.

"..."

Wang Ling felt a little broken inside.

This person is thinking shit...





Chapter 1241 Queuing for Detection


Zhuo Yi's move can be described as unprepared and unexpected.

The various forces that previously competed for Keorn. Except for the Office of Strategic Deception and the Huaguo Shui Lian Group, the other two parties have also fallen into a temporary stagnation.

"Bald Virus. What is this..." In the castle, Xu Bai vaguely felt that there was something wrong with this matter, but he couldn't tell what was wrong.

He asked the Lord of the Void for instructions. The answer the Lord gave him was:

This can be used as a cover to accelerate the void invasion plan.

Let more ethereal spirits join the action. Go find the people they want to find.

Xu Bai, who was originally a human being, had some doubts about the Lord of the Void for the first time. But he did not dare to disobey the Lord of the Void.

It was the Lord of the Void who gave him everything.

Since I can give it to him, if he becomes unhappy, he will take it back.

At this time, Xu Bai discovered for the first time a drawback of Xu Ling as a higher creature.

That is because they are used to living a carefree life in the empty world. They have never experienced the deception, lies, and intrigues of the human world...

To put it bluntly, this group of void spirits, including the Lord of the Void, are a group of "honest people" through and through.

Now Xubai can only pray that things can continue to be realized according to the established plan. This so-called "bald virus storm" must not be a moth.

...

The baldness storm swept across the world in just one morning and became a hot topic among the people.

How to prevent such terrible influenza viruses has suddenly become the focus of discussion among all cultivators.

Some experts say that washing hands and wearing a mask is not enough. This is because the baldness virus can also be transmitted through contact. For example, being touched on the head by someone who has been infected with the baldness virus can also cause scalp hair loss...

Wang Ling knows that this is of course unreliable nonsense.

But the problem is. Some people really believe this kind of unreliable news.

Take Number 60 High School as an example. That afternoon, an epidemic prevention team composed of the Xiuzhen Police Department and the local health department came to Number 60 High School. They took away several teachers with bald heads for investigation.

Mr. Wang Zukang and the epidemic prevention personnel wearing thick protective clothing repeatedly explained: "Brother, I am really not sick...I have less hair to begin with!"

In just a short moment, Mr. Wang Zukang even had the urge to restore his true form as "Gorgeous itinerant".

I think of him in Gorgeous itinerant form. But with flowing waist-length hair...

This feeling of being misunderstood is really uncomfortable.

But the epidemic prevention personnel didn't listen to the explanation at all. The instructions they received were that they would rather kill everyone by mistake than let anyone go.

"This teacher asks you to cooperate with the work first. We will take you to the testing point later. If it is confirmed that there is no problem, you can leave on the same day. Now, please cooperate to get in the van..."

The attitude of the epidemic prevention personnel is very firm.

Mr. Wang Zukang had no choice but to cooperate.

The back of the van has been expanded.

When Mr. Wang Zukang entered, he found that the space had been divided into several single-person areas.

This is a separate design to prevent cross-infection.

"Brothers, where did you come from?" Mr. Wang Zukang got close to the people next to him through the transparent space wall.

"Hey. My name is Shiraishi Xiu. I am a monk."

"My name is Pipitu. I am a short, bald author..."

"..."

...

As suspected cases from various places were taken away for testing, epidemic prevention work was carried out in an orderly manner.

The matter was not over after Mr. Wang Zukang was taken away. Everyone was notified to stay in school before the end of school. It was said that a school-wide screening was to be conducted.

Every student, teacher, and school employee must be checked. No one can escape.

And the way to check is also very simple.

Just spray the test reagent on your head.

As long as there is no large-scale hair loss, it proves that you are not infected with the "virus". You can directly receive a free mask and go home.

In order to prevent cross-infection, testing is conducted on a class-by-class basis. All classes whose numbers are called will gather at the entrance of the gymnasium. Temporary testing points have been set up inside.

When it was Number 60 High School's turn to wait, Wang Ling blinked and stared at Class 2, where Fang Xing was in front.

So far, all detections are normal. No abnormal phenomena have occurred. According to Wang Ling's knowledge, the number of void invasions is still very limited. Number 60 High School It is a small probability event for someone to be invaded by voids.

Void spirits need hosts with strong physical fitness. Generally speaking, they will not focus on students who are only in the Foundation Building stage.

In the front, Class 2, led by the head teacher Liu Ruoxu, is doing an inspection.

This teacher Liu teaches mathematics. He also taught the class of Wang Ling before. He is proficient in calculation. He is a master at the peak of the late Golden Core. He can become the head teacher of the elite class. It proves that Teacher Liu does have two qualities. The one who puts the brush in.

There are actually not many good-looking female teachers in the school. Teacher Pan is one, and Teacher Liu is another.

"Do you feel that the quality of Teacher Liu's teaching has become higher and higher recently?"

"Forget it. Teacher Pan is having a headache over this matter." Guo Hao said: "Do you remember the test two days ago? Our class and Class 2 took the joint examination. In the end, our average score was ten points behind Class 2. ."

"Is it the period of rest after our national competition?" Chen Chao said.

"Yeah! Teacher Pan is so angry! Even if a few of us didn't take the exam, it's a bit unreasonable that the other people's scores are 10 points different from the average score of Class 2... Otherwise, Su Xiao was in front to pull the points. The gap is probably even bigger. ."

Guo Hao sighed and said: "And it's not just the written test scores that are poor. Our class's experimental scores are also lagging behind. Using an induction cooker to make elixirs can blow up the furnace. They are also talented people...Adjust the formula according to the proportion. Add water to it and it will be over. ?"

When he said this, Guo Hao deliberately spoke in a low voice. He only complained to Chen Chao. Although he was telling the truth, if other students heard it, it would easily affect the unity of the class.

According to Guo Hao, Teacher Liu Ruoxu seems to have become enlightened in teaching recently. He has found new teaching methods, allowing the students in Class 2 to learn new knowledge faster.

Previously, the class of Wang Ling was in the lead. This sudden fall behind naturally hit Teacher Pan hard.

In just ten minutes, Fang Xing's class was completely inspected under the leadership of Liu Ruoxu, the second class teacher.

Before leaving, Liu Ruoxu was stopped by an inspector: "Teacher, please take a test too."

"Okay." Teacher Liu sat down cooperatively.

The inspector squirted the test spray on Teacher Liu Ruoxu's head.

Then... a scene that horrified everyone happened...

Teacher Liu Ruoxu, who used to have a full head of hair, suddenly changed her face drastically. She seemed to be in great pain! Her face began to become ferocious and distorted. She couldn't help but pick her scalp with her hands!

Large swathes of hair fell off naturally or were torn off by her out of control... In less than a few dozen seconds, all of Teacher Liu Ruoxu's hair had fallen out!

"Quick! Control her!"

The epidemic prevention personnel and the surrounding students and teachers were all shocked.

The crazy teacher Liu Ruoxu has completely lost control!

Boom! A sound!

She kicked the ground violently. She flew out quickly and smashed through the ceiling of the gymnasium.

A pair of red high heels were dug into the gym floor like nails.

This virtual spirit seems to want to escape.

However, Wang Ling will not make this virtual spirit so happy.

Just use {Great Gravity}.

Wang Ling made a decision immediately. He wanted to use gentle spells as much as possible.

Under the condition of not harming Teacher Liu's body, let Teacher Liu stay.

But at the next moment, a huge light flashed across the sky...

A meteorite fell from the sky from the distant starry sky! Right opposite the Number 60 High School gymnasium!

Wang Ling's eyes twitched. He controlled his strength as much as possible. But it seemed that he still used too much force...





Chapter 1242 The strengthened Teacher Liu


Wang Ling had indeed reserved his hand when he took action.

He used a condensed version of {Great Gravity Technique}. It was only used against Teacher Liu Ruoxu who was trying to escape.

This is a locked skill.

But Wang Ling didn't expect that the power of the concentrated version could also trigger meteorites in the universe.

He really is.

It only exerts a tiny bit of power.

But in the end, this is still his fault. He must find a way to solve it.

Otherwise, when the meteorite falls, the huge explosion may level the entire Number 60 High School... no, the entire area.

But there is a saying. Teacher Liu who was possessed by the virtual spirit has indeed become very strong.

The virtual spirit has been perfectly integrated with Teacher Liu. Teacher Liu's body has also been blessed by the virtual spirit.

For Wang Ling. This is an experiment.

Because he has not yet fought against the creatures on the other side of the Void Gate.

This is a good opportunity to test it out.

Buzz!!

Under the influence of the Great Gravity Technique, Teacher Liu, who wanted to escape from the gymnasium, fell from mid-air and hit the ground hard, creating a big crater.

Her expression was ferocious and terrifying. Her eyes were bloodshot and her pupils were silver-gray. The virtual spirit in Teacher Liu's body had completely given up hiding.

Facing the frantic Teacher Liu, all personnel at the testing station retreated. Several security personnel rushed to the front to provide cover.

They want to ensure the safety of the remaining students.

At this moment, the loud noise coming from the gymnasium also caused many students to walk out of the classroom and stand in the corridor to watch through the windows.

Su Xiao was frightened. Her whole body was trembling: "This...this means I am bald. Have I become stronger?"

Several students in Class 2 were also shocked. They all swore to God.

"Teacher, I will never copy homework again! I must listen to the class carefully!"

"Uuuuu Teacher, I will never attend class again! I will delete {The Daily Life of the Immortal King} right now! I won’t read this lousy book!"

They had never seen what a crazy Teacher Liu looked like. But the aura exuding from Teacher Liu was indeed shocking.

This is no longer a power that ordinary Golden Core teachers can exert.

What surprised Wang Ling even more was that Teacher Liu actually climbed out of the pothole by himself.

Being able to stand up under his own concentrated version of the Great Gravity Technique. This gave Wang Ling a clearer understanding of the power of the Void Spirit.

Wang Ling forgot about his palms. The combat power of the virtual spirit attached to Teacher Liu's body is about the measurement unit of two palms.

But he couldn't do it directly, because this body still belonged to Teacher Liu. He had to find a way to force the virtual spirit out of Teacher Liu's body.

The Great Purification Technique is ineffective because the virtual spirit is not an evil spirit, fooling around, nor is it a toxin virus. It is a complete high-level creature. The power of the Great Purification Technique cannot act on Teacher Liu's body.

In this case. Wang Ling can only find another way.

He looked towards the sky. The meteorite that had fallen due to the Great Gravity Technique was already moving here at high speed.

On one side is Teacher Liu who is driven crazy by the virtual spirit.

On one side is a meteorite about to fall.

Such a situation is undoubtedly a catastrophic trouble for Wang Ling. There are too many people at the moment and it is impossible for him to take action directly. He can only secretly resolve this sudden crisis.

...

In the gymnasium, under the locking effect of the Great Gravity Technique, Teacher Liu struggled to stand up from the ground. The concentrated version of the power cannot completely restrict Teacher Liu's freedom. But if it is the full version, it may trigger a new round of violence. Meteor crisis.

Wang Ling sighed inwardly.

In this case, we must not only force out the virtual spirit in Teacher Liu's body, but also prevent the meteorite from landing.

The best way seems to Wang Ling. There is only one.

The next moment. Wang Ling turned his fingertips. He strengthened Teacher Liu's bald head.

"Look! It's a golden legend!" someone at the scene exclaimed. More than one person saw that Teacher Liu's head was glowing!

This is the effect after being strengthened by Wang Ling!

The dazzling light is like the sun just rising on the horizon.

People can't help but feel a little dazzling. Many people can't help but cover their eyes. They don't know what exactly happened. But this kind of light is really too dazzling!

Strengthen Teacher Liu's bald head. This is just the first step for Wang Ling.

Teacher Liu may now be the "strongest" woman in the universe.

The next step is for Wang Ling to personally control Teacher Liu to fight against the meteorite.

In just the blink of an eye, Teacher Liu instantly soared out of the gymnasium like a rocket, straight into the sky!

With her bald head exuding dazzling glory, she headed towards the huge meteorite trying to pass through the atmosphere with an unstoppable momentum!

The virtual spirit attached to Teacher Liu found that the body he had controlled did not listen to his instructions at all. He even couldn't help but uttered a curse word!

Xu Ling originally did not know how to swear, but their learning ability is very strong. This is what the Xu Ling in the body learned inadvertently when Teacher Liu scolded the students.

A few seconds before he was about to hit the meteorite, Xu Ling felt fear in his heart. He didn't know that Wang Ling had strengthened Teacher Liu's bald head. Therefore, he was unable to make an accurate judgment on the situation in front of him.

He has been in Teacher Liu's body for a long time. It can be said that he has reached the point of perfect integration. And once Teacher Liu's body suffers trauma, he himself will also receive the same amount of damage!

Never let this happen!

He still wants to save his life to complete the mission assigned by the Lord of the Void!

So, in the extreme inner struggle, seeing that he was about to hit the meteorite, the virtual spirit attached to Teacher Liu's body finally gritted his teeth and gave up Teacher Liu's body!

The next moment, accompanied by a huge roar from the sky, a huge meteorite collided with Teacher Liu, who was launched from the ground.

The meteorite suffered an impact from the most stubborn woman in the universe. It was smashed into pieces in the atmosphere... before the disintegrated gravel hit the ground, it was burned into fly ashes.

Wang Ling controlled Teacher Liu to land safely. On the other hand, he chose to leave his body to capture the ethereal spirit that had just escaped from Teacher Liu's body.

The virtual spirit escaped by chance and is preparing to find a new host.

At this time, he saw Wang Ling where the soul left the body...

Very strong person!

This virtual spirit immediately became excited!

At such a young age, he has mastered the ability to escape from the body. His physical fitness must be first-rate! This is not only several trillion times stronger than the female teacher he attached to before!

"Boy, you'll be unlucky if you meet me!"

This virtual spirit made an excited sound. Without saying a word to the soul of Wang Ling, it dived straight in!

At the same time, on the other side, Wang Ling quickly recovered the soul.

The plan to use the soul as bait to capture the ethereal spirits was a complete success.

Ha. This virtual spirit met itself.

Bad luck for him...





Chapter 1243 The Sea of Stars


After entering the body of Wang Ling, the first step of the virtual spirit is to control the brain. Seize [mental space], and then start to devour the will of Wang Ling.

Every human cultivator who is invaded by virtual spirits will face this step.

And this is also one of the reasons why these human cultivators behave erratically and have drastic changes in temperament.

The invasion officially begins.

The mental space of ordinary human beings is not very large.

This is related to the level of a person's cultivation.

For example, the previous female teacher named Liu. Her mental space was only the size of a rental house. In Xu Ling's opinion, it was so small that she couldn't even stretch her legs.

But the advantage is that with a small mental space, it's easier for him to control... As long as it's not too big, it's usually fine.

The cultivators on the earth are not particularly big. The spiritual space of the True Immortal level is only as big as ten football fields.

Ethereal confidently sneaked into Wang Ling's spiritual space...

Then. He was completely shocked by the scene before him.

Because the spiritual space he saw was a sea of stars.

The sky is full of stars, and countless planets are orbiting here. They complement each other and exude dazzling brilliance. At a glance, the virtual spirit cannot see the edge.

This is...the universe?

This Xu Lin was so shocked that he lost his mind for a moment... How could a normal human cultivator fit the entire universe into his mental space?

Isn’t this even more outrageous than their great Supreme Lord of the Void?

No. We must evacuate here as soon as possible...

Void Spirit realized that something was wrong with the situation. He could no longer stay in the body of this human boy. He must return to the Void as soon as possible and report this matter to the Lord of the Void.

No one could have expected that such a cosmic-level monster would be hidden in a planet as harmless as the Earth...

But at this time, it was already too late.

Because I chose to enter the body of Wang Ling. It was a wrong decision from the beginning.

This ethereal spirit thought he could still escape. But in fact, he was imprisoned in a human flesh cage.

Wang Ling's body is like the iron wall of a cage, locking him tightly inside!

"You can't escape." At this time, a cold voice sounded from the universe. It didn't just come from any direction... it seemed to be a voice from the universe itself. It affected the pulse of the universe. When it came out, it let the void The spirit felt great pressure.

A boy with white hair condensed by endless light particles appears here.

"You are not him...Who are you..." Xu Ling looked nervously at the young man in front of him. Although this boy looked exactly the same as the owner of the body outside, Xu Ling could still tell that this was not the same person.

"I am his shadow." Wang Ying opened his eyes and replied calmly.

"Do you think you can eliminate me?" Xu Ling said, "Even if you have the ability to trap me here, you may not be able to kill me... You inferior creatures have no idea of the meaning of life forms. "

Xu Ling smiled.

He has no body.

Like light and wind. It is difficult to catch. It cannot be killed completely.

"Only magic can defeat magic. I'm sorry to tell you. I don't have a physical body either." Wang Ying smiled.

The next moment, his body quickly disintegrated under Xu Ling's eyes!

Just for a moment. Dark shadows overwhelmed the sky. Those stars that exuded brilliant light were shrouded in endless shadows!

Wang Ying decomposed his body, forming a large-scale Shadow Tsunami, overwhelming the sky, as if the entire universe was swallowed up.

Xu Ling's vision quickly dimmed. In a very short period of time, he was engulfed by endless black shadows. He felt as if he had fallen into a black hole.

But he was not afraid. He just felt that Wang Ying's actions were meaningless.

"So. So what?" Xu Ling laughed.

"Not much. But this way, I can kill you." The next moment, Wang Ying said. He lifted Shadow Tsunami.

Looking at the virtual spirit that has been coated with his black shadow. The virtual spirit does not have an entity. But now that it is coated by Wang Ying, everything is different. The high-level life form that they are proud of is coated with shadow at this moment. black.

At this time, Wang Ying could easily see the true appearance of the virtual spirits. They were like silk ribbons that could extend infinitely and float in the air. It felt like the Dove chocolate advertisement back then.

At this time, Xu Ling realized that his noble body had been "tarnished". He began to become angry. He was as angry as a cat with explosive hair. Even the shape of his body was rising and falling like sound waves: "What do you mean to me?" Body. What did it do!"

He roared and rushed towards Wang Ying.

Wang Ying doesn't pay much attention to the combat power of just two slap units. Except for the lack of King's Eyes, his combat power is almost the same as Wang Ling's original body.

The virtual spirit in front of you can be easily killed with just two slaps. However, Wang Ying cannot really kill. The purpose of his coating is actually to warn the virtual spirit in front of you.

As long as you are trapped in this man's body, it doesn't matter what stage of life you are in. You can still be killed and destroyed!

Facing the impact of the virtual spirit, Wang Ying raised his hand calmly. A slap with 15% force accurately landed on the "ribbon" flying towards him...

The virtual spirit immediately let out a painful scream. At the same time, it sprayed some black substance from its body.

Wang Ying deduced that it should be Xu Ling's blood.

Xu Ling's blood was originally colorless. But after being coated with his shadow, even the blood was dyed black.

"You are no longer an advanced form of life. You already have color. You have a body. You can even be hit by me."

Wang Ying looked at Xu Ling. His expression did not look like he was looking at some advanced creature.

It was a look that looked at waste.

"That slap that just fell. You should have felt the fear of death."

"Even if I let you go back to the void now, your Lord will only think that you are an alien and will erase you mercilessly."

These two short sentences made Xu Ling feel even deeper fear.

He completely believed what Wang Ying said.

With my current ugly appearance, even if I go back, I will definitely be ostracized...

"I'll give you a chance. Answer me a question. The answer is over. I will cancel the coating on your body and let you go back." Wang Ying said to Xu Ling.

This virtual spirit has been cornered: "What do you want to ask..."

Wang Ying: "You invaded the earth. What are you looking for?"

Xu Ling fell into silence.

What kind of problem did he think it was.

This matter will have to be brought to light sooner or later.

As long as it doesn't involve the Lord of the Void, he can answer it.

"We are looking for the key to the Void Gate. Only the great Son of the Void is qualified to be the key." Void Spirit said.

"You can't open the door on the other side. You actually need a key?" Wang Ying was confused.

Xu Ling: "As promised. You only ask one question!"

"Sorry. It's my fault."

Wang Ying apologized.

The next moment, he raised his hand: "Then you can go and die."

After saying that, Wang Ying called out with a palm - 200% power!

The huge palm force shook the universe.

In just a moment, this illusory spirit disappeared into ashes.





Chapter 1244 The Key to the Void Gate


"You are quite ruthless."

In the vast spiritual space like the universe. Wang Ling's voice echoed.

"I don't allow this place to be tainted by anyone." Wang Ying's voice was cold. He turned around and his whole person turned into a black shadow and merged again with Wang Ling's spiritual space.

He kills decisively.

In terms of character, Wang Ling considers himself far inferior to Wang Ying.

Although Wang Ying is his shadow, his personality is very different from his.

The slap that Wang Ying just slapped on Xu Ling. Wang Ling named it {Six Kin Disrecognition Palm}.

He felt.

This fits Wang Ying's personality very well.

If Wang Ling took action. He might not kill this ethereal spirit.

Because Wang Ling would not take a small bug seriously. The blockade of the mental space actually gave Wang Ling good conditions to play with this newly captured "bug".

But it is a pity that the situation is urgent now. There is not so much time left for Wang Ling.

Although this virtual spirit was beaten to death by Wang Ying, at least Wang Ling has learned the reason why the virtual spirit wants to invade the earth.

"To find the key."Wang Ling touched his chin and thought carefully about what the virtual spirit said.

No one has ever truly opened the Gate of the Void. Since ancient times, those who cross the border will surely die.

Master Li Xiaokai and Li Huanran even paid the price with their lives for this.

If the whole events are connected together. Wang Ling feels that there may be such a possibility.

That is, the Void Spirit may have had thoughts about the earth a long time ago. But it is a pity that they cannot open the door to the void themselves.

The former master Li Xiaokai broke through the gate of the void and unintentionally opened a gap. In fact, that was the signal for the invasion of ethereal spirits.

Some ethereal spirits flowed out from the gap.

But it is a pity that just relying on this small number of ethereal spirits is not enough to achieve the goal of invading the earth.

Therefore, Void Spirit must look for the so-called "Son of the Void". Let the Son of the Void serve as the key to completely open the door of the Void.

Although the above are just inferences from Wang Ling.

But generally speaking, Wang Ling thinks it is reasonable.

He edited this guess into text and sent it to Zhuo Yi. Just leave the rest to Zhuo Yi.

This virtual spirit claimed to be an advanced creature, but was destroyed by Wang Ying with two slaps... Wang Ling felt that the master behind this virtual spirit may not be that strong.

Teacher Liu's incident caused quite a chaos in Number 60 High School. Fortunately, except for Teacher Liu, no other people in Number 60 High School were found to have been invaded by my virtual spirit.

When Principal Chen arrived, Teacher Liu had already been controlled by epidemic prevention personnel.

He wanted to step forward to see Teacher Liu's condition, but was stopped by an epidemic prevention officer: "Principal Chen, please don't look at it... You have less hair to begin with. If it gets infected, then it's okay."

"Why did you suddenly go berserk?" Principal Chen couldn't understand.

"The reactions in other places are similar, but not as severe as Mr. Liu's. It is said to be an exaggerated reaction between the virus and the reagent, which has a certain irritation to the human body. It depends on each person's acceptance," the staff member said.

"How many cases have been confirmed now?" Principal Chen asked with concern.

The epidemic prevention personnel used telepathy to answer: "Currently, there are more than 1,200 confirmed cases in Songhai City and 3,678 suspected cases. But fortunately, there don't seem to be many in other places. It is more serious in our city."

This telepathy was intercepted by Wang Ling.

So on the way back to class. Wang Ling came up with a new idea.

Judging from the report just reported by the epidemic prevention personnel, the number of virtual spirits invading the earth is still very limited at this stage, and most of them are gathered in Songhai City.

So does this mean that Void Spirit has actually locked the general scope of the Son of the Void?

This legendary son of the void.

Maybe it's within the limits of Songhai City.

...

"As expected of Master."

Zhuo Yi over there. I quickly received a message from Wang Ling.

He admired the clarity of Wang Ling's inference.

However, this inference still needs evidence to support it. Those who have been tested have been sent to quarantine as soon as possible.

After the incident involving Teacher Liu, it served as a great warning to Zhuo Yi.

Zhenyuan immortal and Crispy Noodles Dao Lord teamed up to draw the "Sealing Talisman". The moment someone is detected, they will be sealed immediately.

Then they were sent directly into the space isolation cage they arranged. This directly blocked the possibility of these virtual spirits trying to jump out of their bodies to find new hosts.

The situation seems to be under control.

But most Zhuo Yi is clear. The battle has actually just begun.

If the Son of the Void cannot be found first and the Void Spirit is found first, once the Gate of the Void opens, it will be a huge disaster for the entire earth.

Although more than 1,200 cases have been found now, this is certainly not the entire number of virtual spirits. Their learning ability is very strong. They will definitely take precautions after the first round of storms. They will no longer be as easily deceived as they are now.

"About the Son of the Void. Do you have anything to say?" Zhuo Yi asked Keorn in the car rushing to the frontline epidemic prevention station.

"In fact, I am not the only investigator sent out to investigate this matter. But now it seems that I may be the only one who survives... The Foundation must have identified some clues. Unless we can directly find someone from the Foundation . Otherwise, our current organization to search for the Son of the Void would be like finding a needle in a haystack." Keorn said.

While talking, he looked at Zhuo Yi's mobile phone several times with his peripheral vision...

I marveled at the wisdom of the person who sent a text message to Zhuo Yi. He caught the void spirit with his bare hands. He also asked about the true purpose of the void invasion.

This is simply unbelievable to Keorn.

Who is this person?

It's too strong...

"It seems that this matter is becoming more and more troublesome. Moreover, we are now in trouble." At this time, Zhuo Yi was driving and looking in the rearview mirror. It was right behind their Wuling Hongguang van. There was a black car following them.

Zhenyuan immortal and Crispy Noodles Dao Lord were both on the front line at this time assisting in the work of suppressing the virtual spirits. He and Keorn were the only two people in the car.

"The opponent is very strong." From the passenger seat, Keorn sensed it from a distance. He felt that he might not be able to cope with the situation in front of him just relying on the combat power of him and Zhuo Yi.

According to Keorn's judgment, the person sitting in the black car behind this is undoubtedly a scavenger.

"It's them! Revenge for Snake is here!"

Just as he finished speaking, Zhuo Yi saw a black shadow suddenly jump out of the sunroof in the rearview mirror.

The opponent's jumping ability was amazing. He jumped directly above their van...and then stretched out his neck. He was half-lying on the windshield, looking at them with his head hanging upside down!

What frightened Keorn was...

This person is clearly not Snake.

But it smells exactly like Snake!





Chapter 1245 The ultimate evolution!


With deep dark circles and sunken eye sockets, coupled with the red hair hanging down, Snake was lying on the windshield like a ghost.

The next moment, he stretched out his hand. His sharp nails directly penetrated the windshield!

An entire side of reinforced glass fell apart in an instant. It turned into shards of glass and scattered in the void! Then it turned into light particles and quickly disappeared!

Zhuo Yi and Keorn reacted quickly. Almost at the same time as Snake launched the attack, the two quickly unbuckled their seat belts and opened the car door. They trampled the spiritual sword and leaped out.

"Who is this person..." Zhuo Yi stared at the young man in front of him. His eye-catching fiery red hair hung down around his waist.

He was shirtless, revealing huge muscles and perfect muscle lines.

"Yes, it's Snake...but this body is definitely not his." Keorn frowned. The aura of the resurrected "Snake" was countless times stronger than what Keorn had known before.

A fierce fight broke out on the viaduct. Countless cultivators nearby were shocked by this scene. Many people abandoned their vehicles and left with their swords. Some passers-by also chose to call the police.

It is absolutely wise to evacuate at this time. However, Zhuo Yi does not see much significance in calling the police.

The aura on Snake's body is no longer the same.

Even if the Cultivation Police Department sends people here, they will not be his opponent.

"Keorn. Have you heard of the void." At this time, Snake was standing on the roof of a car.

He stared at Keorn. He enjoyed the feeling very much.

Bang!

There was a gunshot in the distance!

A sniper bullet composed of powerful spiritual energy quickly cut through the air and was aimed at Snake's head.

"Has someone arrived from the police station?" Zhuo Yi was startled. He didn't expect that the response from the nearby area would be so quick.

Faced with the speeding sniper bullets, Snake stood still.

In fact, his eyes had already come into contact with the trajectory of the sniper rifle.

"Psychic bombs? Think they can still hurt me?" Snake sneered.

The bullet accurately hit him between the eyebrows. Then it was swallowed into Snake's body like a mud cow entering the sea.

Devoured by the void.

This is a new ability after he becomes a higher-stage life form.

As long as he thinks about it, everything that wants to pass through his body. Spells, hidden weapons, and various flying objects will be swallowed by him and decomposed completely.

Snake will never forget the scene when he became a human and was pierced by a "needle" in the forehead.

And now he has become a virtual spirit.

These fancy tricks no longer meant anything to him.

"He has become an ethereal spirit..." Keorn quickly realized what had happened in front of him.

As an investigator, he had secret contact with those ethereal beings. Although he was not 100% sure immediately, Keorn was convinced that Snake was no longer human.

"What's the best thing about being human? Keorn. You will never understand the exhilarating feeling of transcending the limit form of life."

Snake sneered: "You know, it feels really good not to be human! This may be the ultimate evolution of life forms!"

As soon as he finished speaking, Snake rose high into the air. He looked down at Zhuo Yi and Keorn. It was like looking at two ants.

In a very short period of time, time seemed to stand still. Even the air was stagnant... An astonishing pressure burst out from Snake's body.

With a huge sound, the viaduct bridge broke instantly. A car fell into the soil. They were like sand grains in the tide being swept into the mud flow.

"Is this the power of void creatures..."

Both Zhuo Yi and Keorn experienced tremendous pressure.

If he weren't wearing a thermal underwear suit. Zhuo Yi felt like he couldn't withstand such power!

This pressure is different from spiritual pressure, but it is more frightening than the spiritual pressure of cultivators on earth. For a brief moment, Zhuo Yi even felt as if his soul was lost.

"Useless. A Golden Core.

A false True Immortal cannot be my opponent." Snake was full of confidence. He was above the void. There was complete contempt in his arrogant eyes.

It's like playing with two ants.

But fortunately at the critical moment. Zhuo Yi quickly operates {Thirty-three Little Paths of Vitality}.

This is the technique given to him by Wang Ling in Chapter 679!

Zhuo Yi has been practicing hard on weekdays. He has been using the thirty-three small paths of vitality to accumulate spiritual energy. But now it finally comes in handy at this moment!

"A technique for accumulating psychic energy?" Snake smiled. It's not like he has never seen such a technique before. Usually, it is accumulated and released at critical moments for risking one's life.

After it all breaks out, the realm will grow by leaps and bounds in a short period of time.

However, Zhuo Yi is just a Golden Core. There is a huge gap between itself and him. Even if it breaks out, what will happen?

Snake looked at Zhuo Yi with contempt. He wanted to see what Zhuo Yi wanted to do.

"Open the gate!" Accompanied by a loud shout from Zhuo Yi, his aura of passing examination began to rise upward! The spiritual energy accumulated in the Golden Core on weekdays surged out like a tide at this moment!

Until this moment.

Keorn frowned just now. He felt something was wrong with the situation: "Eh? Heavenly Dao technique?"

He began to be surprised by the Zhuo Yi's {{Thirty-three Little Paths of Vitality}}.

Ordinary psychic energy saving skills. It can only store dreams of one realm at most. That is, after Zhuo Yi breaks out, it can only grow to the combat power of the Nascent Soul stage at most.

But now Zhuo Yi has this Thirty-Three Paths of Vitality... it can store up to 33 realms of cross-server spiritual energy!

In other words, Zhuo Yi's body contains spiritual energy as large as thirty-three giant reservoirs!

Of course. With Zhuo Yi's daily savings, plus Wang Ling's occasional reminders, his psychic energy savings pool has already reached saturation!

Zhuo Yi has never found a suitable opportunity to use it.

And now. The time has completely matured!

"You, a Golden Core... actually have the Heavenly Dao technique on your body?" Snake looked at Zhuo Yi in surprise.

When he was still a human, he also tried hard to chase Heavenly Dao. However, he didn't even touch the hem of Heavenly Dao's clothes!

He was once a cultivator on earth who worked hard to pursue the power of the Great Dao!

Snake laughed to himself inwardly.

For him, it is completely unimportant whether there is Heavenly Dao or not. He has become a higher-level being!

Even Heavenly Dao!

He won't take it seriously either!

"Zhuo Yi...You gave me a good opportunity to prove myself."

Snake's eyes were fixed on Zhuo Yi. He showed a fierce look: "I will kill you with my own hands. Hang your head high on the Void Gate... to prove that I have surpassed Above Heavenly Dao!"





Chapter 1246 The Growth of Zhuo Yi


Although there is no familiarity between Snake and Keorn.

As a colleague who has worked in the same unit. In addition, Keorn has secretly investigated Snake's information in private.

He felt that Snake seemed to be a completely different person after transforming into an ethereal spirit.

Snake became more arrogant. It could even be said that he became more conceited.

"After becoming a virtual spirit, has your personality changed...?"

This is a new discovery of Keorn. And he believes that this kind of personality change can be regarded as two types.

The first type is earthly cultivators invaded by ethereal spirits.

Because of the fusion with the virtual spirit. Under the premise that the mental space is controlled, even the personality will be occupied by the virtual spirit.

Their behavior patterns don't seem abnormal, but they are still quite different from usual.

Teacher Liu from Number 60 High School is the best example.

The second situation is Snake in front of us.

He was not invaded by the void spirit. Instead, he took the initiative to accept the void. He allowed himself to undergo a complete change starting from his soul and became the void spirit itself.

Although Keorn has been investigating the virtual spirit for a long time. He has even had some contact with the virtual spirit silently.

But it is indeed the first time to fight against a virtual spirit.

Even standing here as a pseudo-True Immortal, he can feel tremendous pressure. Let alone Zhuo Yi?

"Mr. Zhuo, what are our chances of winning..."

His instinct was to persuade Zhuo Yi to evacuate.

Judging from the astonishing pressure brought by Snake, even adding the Golden Core of Zhuo Yi... seems unable to completely turn the tide of the battle.

But at this moment, Zhuo Yi shouted loudly - "Open the gate"!

Keorn was shocked when he heard it!

"Mr. Zhuo?" He turned around in disbelief and looked at Zhuo Yi's live performance in surprise.

The power of Heavenly Dao...

At this point, Keorn was completely shocked.

The expression he showed was exactly the same as Snake's expression when he saw this scene.

A Golden Core cultivator actually possesses the Heavenly Dao technique. This is simply unbelievable.

This person from the Office of Strategic Deception... is a complete pervert!

Is this still a sect composed of humans?

At this time, Keorn was in a particularly complicated mood.

Excited, stunned, confused...

All kinds of emotions are intertwined.

Although he already knew it in his mind. Zhuo Yi is not a simple character.

But now, the impression of Zhuo Yi in his mind needs a major update.

...

Like a landslide and tsunami, a huge amount of spiritual energy surged out from the small Golden Core in Zhuo Yi's body.

In a short period of time, Zhuo Yi's aura instantly increases!

The psychic energy of 33 giant reservoirs. Zhuo Yi has only unlocked 6. It has already achieved amazing results.

Reservoirs are good, but they cannot be liberated all at once.

Currently, six are released in a single round. This is already the limit of Zhuo Yi.

He needs to wait for his body to adapt before proceeding to the next round of unblocking.

Unlock the 6 reservoirs to improve the realm. It is also the realm of pseudo-True Immortal.

His fighting power is now as good as Keorn's.

But if the two of them combined want to beat Snake, it might be a little difficult.

"Miss Bai Qiao! If I die, no one will test the game for you in the future!"

At this time. Zhuo Yi shouted into the void: "Don't take action now. Wait until later!"

The words just fell.

A brown light lit up from the horizon. It shot straight into the sky!

Then it quickly turned into a meteor and rushed towards Zhuo Yi.

The scabbard of the mahogany sword.

Previously, Wang Ling also added the name Zhuo Yi to the scabbard in order to better protect Zhuo Yi.

But Zhuo Yi has never dared to drive.

If the situation hadn't been critical at this moment, he would never have dared to disturb this otaku girl playing games in the sect.

I have to say, Bai Qiao's response was very quick.

After hearing Zhuo Yi's call, she pressed the "pause" button of the game almost immediately and flew into the palm of Zhuo Yi at a speed exceeding the speed of light.

"The sheath of the mahogany sword?" Snake laughed again.

He had never seen a person's weapon turn out to be a scabbard. Or a scabbard made of mahogany.

A scabbard like this. He felt like he could turn into ashes just by blowing on it.

Snake thought that Zhuo Yi would offer something extraordinary.

However, the result disappointed him.

"Zhuo Yi. Your show seems to be over. It's my turn."

In the void. Snake opened his arms. Zhuo Yi could see invisible energy groups that seemed to be gathering in his palms.

This is an ultra-high-density energy group. The moment Snake condenses it.

The nearby space could no longer withstand the pressure and began to tear.

This is a variation of the Devouring Void. Anyone who comes into contact with the energy group will disappear in an instant!

Swallowed by the void!

So no matter what Zhuo Yi offers, it won't help anything in Snake's opinion.

What's more, what was just summoned was a scabbard that looked extremely useless.

"Zhuo Yi! Climb for me!"

Snake laughed loudly.

The next moment, he pushed with both hands. He actually actively stuffed the void energy ball into the space crack.

It's not as fast as Zhuo Yi can react.

In the blink of an eye, the two energy clusters trapped Zhuo Yi in the center with an outflanking force!

This is Snake's use of the characteristics of energy groups to devour space, thus achieving an instantaneous effect.

"Oops!" Keorn's expression changed dramatically.

No matter how quickly Zhuo Yi reacts, it is impossible to prevent such an encirclement.

In desperation, Keorn produced a psychic wave in his hand. He wanted to knock Zhuo Yi away!

To get rid of the encirclement and suppression of the energy group!

However, Snake's goal is not just Zhuo Yi.

"Keorn. Climb for me too!" He sneered and repeated his old trick.

There were two more void energy groups that could swallow everything, locking Keorn's position.

This sentence, in Snake's opinion, is a sure win.

His mission. Actually, is to kill Keorn.

Zhuo Yi is just a buy-one-get-one-free gift when you pass by.

This is the number one important figure in the Office of Strategic Deception.

Kill Zhuo Yi. He will prove that he is superior to Heavenly Dao! And in this way, he will challenge the entire Office of Strategic Deception!

Yixue himself was impaled to death by a flying needle in front of the Office of Strategic Deception!

But at the next moment, an unexpected scene happened.

When two void energy groups are about to collide together.

The positions of Zhuo Yi and Keorn suddenly moved backward. They moved several coordinates in an instant!

The void energy groups collided, making a huge explosion and blasting out two huge space wormholes.

Zhuo Yi breathed a sigh of relief.

He finally escaped this disaster.

Ever since noticing Snake's void-devouring ability, Zhuo Yi has remained fully vigilant.

So at the moment when Snake condensed the energy group.

Zhuo Yi is also ready at the same time!

He used Bai Qiao to cut off a section of space to achieve the effect of spatial teleportation.

Now it's his turn to fight back!

Zhuo Yi Take a deep breath.

He quickly assumed a posture of throwing a javelin in the void, and violently threw Bai Qiao out of his hands!

This is a blow to Snake's forehead!

"There's no way I could have fallen in the same place. Zhuo Yi!"

Facing this blow, Snake looked confident and laughed wildly.

His body changed with one blow. Any matter that came close to his body would be swallowed up by the void!

He even took the initiative to stick his head out to meet Bai Qiao's attack!

He will swallow the entire scabbard!

And then the next moment.

Accompanied by. Puff! A sound.

Bai Qiao turned into a brown stream of light and pierced Snake's forehead again.





Chapter 1247 Captain Lu takes a broad road


Familiar picture. Same way of death. Snake opened his eyes wide. He couldn't believe what was happening in front of him.

"Impossible...I am. A great citizen of the void..."

Before the emergency, Snake used his last strength to say his last words.

Then. There was a big explosion in the sky.

All nearby spaces were blown up, forming a huge wormhole.

This is the explosion phenomenon that occurs after the death of a virtual spirit. It is extremely powerful.

Earth cultivators. Under True Immortal. If they suffer such an impact, they will definitely die.

Zhuo Yi and Keorn were horrified to watch.

This is another discovery for the virtual spirit.

Pure ethereal. Without entity. There will be no explosion after death.

But if cultivators on earth who have been invaded by ethereal spirits die together with the ethereal spirits, it will cause an explosion similar to void backlash.

So if you want to kill the virtual spirit.

The safest way is to force the virtual spirit out of the human body and then find a way to kill it.

Zhuo Yi feels it is necessary to report this issue to the frontline.

If there is a void spirit that wants to break the jar, then those cultivators from the earth who have been invaded will be natural time bombs.

"Mr. Keorn has no impression of the man possessed by Snake."

Zhuo Yi took out the notebook from the jacket of the suit.

He used the magic of impression projection to project Snake's transformed appearance onto the notebook.

This trick {Impression Projection}Zhuo Yi is already very familiar.

If you are a person with a rich imagination, you can even use this method to create comics. Time updates are no longer a dream!

You can update wherever you want!

"I didn't expect that Snake would give up his identity as a human and become an ethereal spirit."

Keorn sighed endlessly. He stared at Zhuo Yi's portrait. He briefly reasoned about Snake's situation: "After he died for the first time, he must have used some method to become an ethereal spirit and then invaded this man. 's body. This man... I seem to have seen him somewhere before. But he's not too familiar."

"Is it possible that he is from your foundation?"

"I know most of my colleagues in the Foundation. I have never met this person."

Keorn shook his head: "Unless..."

"Unless what?"

"Unless he is one of the seven ambassadors behind the Foundation."

"One of the Seven Ambassadors..." Zhuo Yi pondered.

Indeed. The possibility of this inference cannot be ruled out.

Even leaving aside the fact that Snake became an ethereal spirit. Zhuo Yi and Keorn both have to admit that the true master Snake found is very strong!

This can be seen from the quality of the physical body.

Snake was not a random target for invasion.

There must be a pusher behind this who is secretly managing everything.

At this time, the blasted space wormhole in the sky is gradually shrinking.

Space rifts have a self-healing mechanism. However, this repair is very slow. A space wormhole like this will take at least a day to fully recover.

Zhuo Yi saw police officers from nearby areas approaching with spiritual swords on their feet and immortals in their hands.

They need to set up a cordon here and temporarily block the airspace in this area.

"Director Zhuo!"

Among the approaching cultivator patrolmen, a captain approached in the direction of Zhuo Yi. He stood respectfully in front of Zhuo Yi and saluted.

"I've disguised myself like this. Can you still recognize it?"Zhuo Yi was surprised.

"The main reason is that the gangster who blew himself up just now screamed very loudly..."

"..."

Zhuo Yi heard this. He smiled and said: "I have been wanted by General Alliance. You won't arrest me?"

"I don't dare..." The captain shook his head: "I felt from the beginning that there was some misunderstanding or a trap. Chief Zhuo has made outstanding contributions. How could he kill Warden Liang?"

The squad leader's words made Zhuo Yi secretly relieved.

He felt that he was very lucky to have met a sensible person.

What if we meet Tiehanhan? This matter will not end yet.

"I still need to go to the front line. Please keep my affairs a secret, brother." Zhuo Yi patted the squad leader on the shoulder: "Oh, by the way, brother. What's your name?"

"My name is Lu Liang." The squad leader named Lu saluted again.

Zhuo Yi nodded. He and Keorn clasped their fists: "Then I wish Captain Lu good luck and immortality!"

"Immortal luck!" Captain Lu returned the greeting.

Because his appearance has been exposed, before leaving, Zhuo Yi changed his appearance again.

The shape is even uglier than the previous one that looked like Ku Xuan.

As they were leaving, the squad leader named Lu Liang called out again: "Director Zhuo. We found this. I don't know if it was something abandoned by Director Zhuo."

Lu Liang handed the things over.

This is a palm-sized orb that exudes brilliant light and has a round texture.

Zhuo Yi smelled the smell on it. I was surprised that it smelled like snake.

"This may be the key to why Snake can become an ethereal spirit." Keorn narrowed his eyes and transmitted a message to Zhuo Yi.

Zhuo Yi accepted the orb. Thank you again for this careful Captain Lu.

Then he and Keorn turned into two rainbows and disappeared into the sky.

Staring at the retreating figure of Zhuo Yi, Lu Liang waved goodbye excitedly!

He has been a fan of Zhuo Yi for a long time!

This feeling of meeting his idol made him feel as if he had become the happiest person in the world in an instant!

"The Army... area has basically been sealed off. Now it's time to collect battle damage statistics."

"I'll take care of this part." Lu Liang nodded and said.

There are some things that he feels it would be better to do on his own.

Many police officers in their area are fans of Zhuo Yi.

God knows what extreme things these people will do to protect Zhuo Yi...

But he is different.

He is a rational fan.

If you cover things up completely, it would be a bit too fake.

Lu Liang has already thought of a good way. It can protect Zhuo Yi at the same time and handle the matter seamlessly.

These days, even if you are protecting your idols, you have to be relaxed.

Otherwise, I'm afraid it will cause even greater trouble.

You know, the behavior of fans increases the number of idols. This kind of thing is not uncommon on the Internet.

"General Administration Zhuo, look at me!" Lu Liang looked at the direction Zhuo Yi was leaving. He was full of confidence in himself.

...

On the other side, on the way to the epidemic prevention station, Zhuo Yi received a message from the Office of Strategic Deception intelligence department.

The result was as expected by Keorn.

"Everything is as you thought." Zhuo Yi frowned.

"Who is this person?"

"The president of the Mixiu Country Apollo Charity Federation. Apollo Deliman. And this person's true identity is the sun envoy among the seven emissaries of the foundation."

"It's actually him..."

Now, Keorn finally recalled the identity of this person.

He sighed: "Apollo Deliman... He is a man with a great sense of justice. The Charity Federation he founded spends a large amount of money to help people in distress every year. He is indeed like the sun. He radiates. Live with your own light and heat."

In Keorn's view, Deliman is a very low-key person who works quietly but rarely appears in the news.

Therefore, Keorn has always been vague about Deleman's face. But he is particularly familiar with this name.

Deleman is one of his idols.

He marveled at Deliman's character.

It was also Deliman who told him.

True charity. In fact, even a pack of instant noodles can be made public.





Chapter 1248 Game within a game


Foundation. In an independent spiritual space.

This time the seven ambassadors were not completely gathered. There were only five people present.

"The messenger of the sun is dead. The fool betrayed us." Xu Bai, who was sitting in the judgment seat, spoke.

The former is an unshakable fact, while the latter is false and no clear evidence has yet been found.

But he felt that the behavior of the messenger of the Fool was a bit strange.

So to be on the safe side, during this spiritual space meeting, he took the initiative to "kick the Fool's messenger out of the group chat".

"Who is he?" Moon wondered.

No one knows each other's identities.

Now that the messenger of the sun has died, the focus of everyone's attention is not how he died. What he died for.

Instead, they pay more attention to his true identity.

This may sound a bit ironic.

Xu Bai sneered inwardly.

Human beings are indeed creatures full of curiosity and self-righteousness.

But now that I have revealed my identity, it really doesn’t hurt anymore.

He was not in a hurry to speak. Instead, he looked in the direction of the star messenger and asked, "Star, you have prophetic ability. Don't you still know the identity of the sun?"

The stars are silent.

He/she thought carefully for tens of seconds before speaking: "I watched the sky at night. I saw the stars falling. I know that the messenger of the sun is in danger. But I don't know his true identity."

Hearing this, Xu Baipo raised his eyebrows meaningfully.

He no longer hides it.

Xu Bai: "The true identity of the messenger of the sun is Apollo Deliman."

Everyone: "It turned out to be him."

Same as Keorn's reaction when he heard the name.

Everyone in the mental space except Xu Bai was more or less surprised.

The Moon Messenger observed a moment of silence. She made a gesture of prayer: "He was a good man."

"We all know he is a good man." Chariot said at this time.

To everyone's surprise, he changed his previous irritable attitude.

Instead, he spoke in as soft a tone as possible: "Although I have differences of opinion with him, everything he and these people have done is obvious to all. We should avenge the sun! So now, we must know. He Whose hands did he die in?"

At this time, Xu Bai, who was sitting in the judgment seat, knew that the meeting had finally reached its point.

He unceremoniously announced the man who killed the sun.

He just turned the magic ball in front of him gently. A holographic projection of a man immediately appeared in front of everyone's eyes.

"You all know this person."

Xu Bai's voice was calm.

He and the chariot cooperated with each other. The purpose of arousing the emotions of the others has been fully achieved.

"It's him! Zhuo Yi!" Chariot hammered the table angrily.

In fact. He knew the answer last night.

But as an outstanding actor, Chariot has devoted his life's acting skills at this time.

It can be said that the performance was penetrating, meticulous and vivid.

The manic Chariot's performance at this moment surprised everyone. They never thought that Chariot had such a tough and tender side.

"Delliman has always been keen on charity. He devoted his life to helping those in need..."

At this point, the sound of the chariot sounded a little choked.

This is a technique he spent one night figuring out.

Anyway, in this mental space, everyone is a black shadow, and their expressions cannot be seen clearly.

So he just needs to focus his acting skills on shaping his voice.

Xu Bai heard the choking sound of the chariot and sighed in his heart.

He feels that the tank is completely the seed for the "immersive sound" championship.

"Everyone, we must do something for the sun... We cannot let the body of this great good man be left in the cold in a foreign country forever."

Chariot stood up excitedly: "Kill Zhuo Yi! Revenge for the sun!"

Messengers of the Moon position are always gentle.

But she is most easily swayed by emotions. As a nun sent to the mortal world by God, perhaps she should not have such a strong desire for revenge.

But now, guided by Chariot's emotions, she also felt pity for the dead Deliman in her heart.

So soon, the messenger of the moon also expressed his opinion: "This devil must be punished! God will definitely let him get the punishment he deserves!"

She said it very implicitly, but in fact she was on the side of the chariot.

The trend is set.

This meeting was completely a battle of denunciation for Deliman, the emissary of the sun.

The perfect coordination between Xu Bai and the chariot almost aroused the emotions of everyone here.

This is also the first time that everyone's opinions are extremely unified.

"Then as everyone voted, this foundation meeting voted to [Crunt Zhuo Yi]. It was unanimously approved!" In the judgment position, Xu Bai, who had the overall situation in hand, dropped his hammer.

Everything is in his plan.

Including Snake's invasion of the Sun Messenger's body after becoming an ethereal spirit.

Including Snake's revenge plan to find Zhuo Yi, Keorn after being perfectly integrated with the body.

Of course. It also includes Snake's death in battle. And Zhuo Yi picked up the void sphere...

All of this was within Xu Bai's expectation.

"Now, there is only one last step left to prepare for the war."

In the old castle, Xu Bai tasted the red decoction.

He wants to kill Zhuo Yi with the help of others in the Foundation.

Let Zhuo Yi. who obtained the void sphere become a void spirit.

...

The epidemic prevention center site is located in the western suburbs of Songhai City.

The huge barrier is like an egg shell, perfectly forming an airtight line of defense here.

There is only one entrance and exit to the entire barrier. Everyone entering and exiting must be tested.

And inside the barrier, there is a temporary isolation hospital created using the "Star Movement Technique" combined with the "Civil Construction Technique".

Can accommodate tens of thousands of people!

All wards are independent spaces created by the cooperation between Crispy Noodles Dao Lord and Zhenyuan immortal people.

Zhuo Yi and Keorn passed the test. As soon as the two entered the command center, Cailian Zhenren, who had been waiting outside the building for a long time, quickly came over.

"Something is not going well." Cailian Zhenren looked a little ugly.

"What happened? Speak slowly." Zhuo Yi took Cailian Zhenren to a secret place.

"I just got the news that Zhenjun has been detained by General Alliance." Cailian Zhenren said.

This news made Zhuo Yi frown slightly.

The Office of Strategic Deception is currently aligned with the Huaguo Shui Lian Group. It is completely on the side of the Head of State.

So what is certain is that the person who is detaining Lord Diu Lei now is the second wave of forces in the General Alliance.

"True Lord will not be fooled so easily. Maybe he is trying to find a way to hook out the person behind this second wave of forces..." Zhuo Yi's mind suddenly changed. He felt that there was something fishy behind this matter.

"It's true, Lord. Don't worry for now. I have something now. I need Immortal Toya-senpai to identify it."

Zhuo Yi Speaking of this, he took out the magic ball that Captain Lu Liang had picked up previously.

"What is this?" Cailian Zhenren was curious.

"After killing the virtual spirit, the equipment exploded...





Chapter 1249 The Speculations of the Son of the Void


In the name of testing the "baldness virus", it was actually an action to investigate the void creatures lurking among the earth's cultivators in Huaxiu. Under the arrangements of Zhuo Yi and Sun Yiyuan, it was carried out in an orderly manner.

All parts of the country have formed the first front line in the fight against the epidemic. Currently, Songhai City has the largest number of virtual spirits.

Wang Ling sees that the number of confirmed cases continues to grow.

In the afternoon, there were clearly only more than 1,200 cases. By evening, there was already an extra zero at the end.

On the Internet, people are panicking about the new "baldness virus".

Wang Ling glanced at the class group and saw Chen Chao, Guo Hao and others openly discussing this matter.

There is no teacher in this group. It is a group created by the students in the class.

"I heard that our school will have classes tomorrow. I don't know if it's true or not."

"Don't be too happy too soon. Studying will continue even if classes are suspended! Teacher Pan will definitely assign a lot of homework!"

"Hey, it's better for teachers to stay at home. Masks are out of stock. I can't even buy them!"

"There are still some people who secretly raise the price. It's shameful! It's just one or two yuan more expensive. It's outrageous to be dozens of yuan more expensive!"

...

There are bound to be complaints.

After all, the emergence of the baldness virus has disrupted everyone’s normal life rhythm.

Although staying at home is really comfortable for Wang Ling.

But this is not the peaceful life he wants.

So Wang Ling has stepped in.

He hoped that this matter could be over as soon as possible.

Calculation based on the population of Songhai City. The Book of Sage Immortal conservatively estimates that the number of Hollows currently lurking in Songhai City is no less than one hundred thousand.

And the purpose of these ethereal spirits lurking in the dark that has not yet caused a major riot is also very simple.

They are looking for the Son of the Void.

Wang LingI don’t know what conditions should be met to become a son of the void.

But for now, this is the source of stabilizing all virtual spirits.

As long as the Sons of the Void are not discovered for a day, these void creatures will not make much movement.

"Can you deduce the Son of the Void?" Wang Ling stared at the tablet on the table.

So far, they have obtained data on two void creatures in total.

One is in the mental space of Wang Ling. The one killed by Wang Ying.

The other one was killed by Zhuo Yi together with Bai Qiao.

Bai Qiao has shared that memory with Jingke. It is convenient for Wang Ling to drive the Sage Immortal book for data calculation.

But obviously, the data of the two void creatures seems a bit reluctant for the book of Sage Immortal: "Report to the Lord. I can only try as much as possible. This is the first time I understand the creatures on the other side of the Void Gate." . I don’t know much."

"Okay."Wang Ling felt like laughing inside.

To be honest, he rarely saw the Book of Sage Immortal shriveled.

Among all the monsters I have enlightened, this iPad alone feels like I have a high IQ. I often act smart and even decide some things for myself.

So Wang Ling had long planned to send the Book of Sage Immortal. If it hadn't been for this void invasion, I'm afraid this thing would have been delivered by his courier long ago.

But this time, the search time for the Book of Sage Immortal did take a long time.

During this period. Wang Ling also did a lot of additional things.

He did a set of {35} exercises;

After watching what I was following, I voted for the monthly recommendation vote;

I used my small amount of pocket money that was deducted by Father Wang to donate to a trustworthy charity...

"Report to the Lord. I have basically completed the search. Judging from the current search results, the Son of the Void that Void Spirit is looking for is actually preparation for invasion. There should be two real Sons of the Void. Both of them are It is the key to opening the gate to the void. Both are indispensable." The book of Sage Immortal answered.

"What is the purpose of the invasion..." Wang Ling asked via voice transmission.

These virtual spirits think they are superior to others, but they want to invade the earth. This is an unbelievable thing in Wang Ling's view.

"37% probability is to occupy the earth."

"The 31% probability is to transform the earth into a void breeding farm. It will be used to breed void creatures in batches for the void spirits to devour."

"The 23% probability is that they want to use the earth as a bait. Disguise themselves as humans, lure other advanced creatures to attack the earth and then devour those advanced creatures. In order to pursue higher forms of life."

"Judging from the memory retrieval of the two dead void spirits, the void creatures behind the door believe that their current form is still not perfect. They feel that they can go further and evolve upward."

"There is a 9.9% probability that he wants to attract Heavenly Dao's attention."

"Less than 0.1% probability remains. It may be to kill a short and skinny author."

Wang Ling: "..."

Book of Sage Immortal: "But no matter what the purpose of their invasion is. Open the door to the void. This is a critical step they must do. Because even the Lord of the Void does not have the ability to break the door."

"Don't have the ability to break a goal?"

Er Ha, who had been lying on the ground, smiled: "Isn't the world behind the door their own home for them? Will they feel disgusted staying in their own home?"

Book of Sage Immortal: "The world behind the door is paradise for ethereal spirits. But if you stay in paradise for a long time, you will always feel tired. You want to go out to seek new excitement."

"This is just like the students who are suffocating at home during the epidemic and looking forward to the day when school can start."

"You have to abide by the regulations and rules at home. Although you don't have to worry about food and clothing, you have to be cautious every day. At the same time, you have to be careful not to talk back to your elders... So after going out, it is the same for Xu Ling. A way to free yourself."

This reason sounds a bit true to Wang Ling.

He felt like it was a reflection of reality...

Of course, everyone has different ideas. Some people may want to take a few more days off. Some people hope to resume work and school as soon as possible.

But no matter what kind of thoughts they have, everyone has the same idea. They hope that this unnecessary disaster will pass as soon as possible and that everyone can live a safe and healthy life.

Book of Sage Immortal: "To sum up, according to the information obtained so far, there are currently six people who are most suitable to be selected by the Void Spirit as the Son of the Void. The probability of these people is almost 50-50... I still need More virtual spirit sample data to support."

Then. The book of Sage Immortal reported the following four names.

There are actually a few people here who have heard of Wang Ling.

"Gao Tianming, the captain of Number 1 High School of Fu Mo when your lord participated in the Jiulong Mountain National Physical Martial Arts Competition."

"Jiang Xiaoche. Personal secretary to Sun Yiyuan of Huaguo Shui Lian Group."

"Xiang Haitao. General manager of Songhai Xiang's Waste Recycling Technology Co., Ltd. Xiang Haihua's eldest son. He has a long-term cooperative relationship with Sun Yiyuan."

"Yi Zhiyang. A freshman at Jian Shen Academy. He is also the captain of the Jiulong Mountain Competition. The adopted son of the Sword Master Yi Jianchuan."

"All men?" Er Ha discovered a key point.

Book of Sage Immortal: "Although the information I have compiled so far shows that the two Sons of the Void are most likely male. But if the probability of adding a female is added, one person is indeed more suspicious."

"Who is it?"

Wang Ling asked via voice transmission.

Book of Sage Immortal: "The eldest granddaughter of Sun Yiyuan of the Huaguo Shui Lian Group. Sun Rong."





Chapter 1250 The Foundation’s Revenge


The words of the Book of Sage Immortal actually reminded Wang Ling.

The so-called Son of the Void may not necessarily be male. And Sun Rong does have a certain probability of being the Son of the Void.

After the Jiulong Mountain National Physical Education Exchange Competition, Sun Rong was clearly not injured. However, he was still closely protected by the group.

Listen to what Mr. Wang Zukang said. Sun Rong will even take a break from school in the next period of time.

I'm afraid that Mr. Boss Sun has noticed that there may be some problems with Sun Rong.

But these are all just inferences from Wang Ling.

After all, judging from the current ranking calculations, the probability that Sun Rong is the Son of the Void ranks at the bottom.

Therefore, what is more important now is to collect more ethereal samples to make the predicted probability of the Book of Sage Immortal more accurate.

Wang Ling has already had a premonition. Those messengers from the Foundation who have been silenced behind the scenes may appear one after another in the future.

Since the last time they entered the spiritual space, Wang Ling has left a trace of divine thoughts on every messenger of the Foundation.

And it was just as Wang Ling expected. Xu Bai was already a little suspicious of him.

Therefore, in the latest meeting, the messenger of the Fool position was eliminated.

And their next act of revenge is against Zhuo Yi.

At this time. Wang Ling looked at the peach wood sword beside his pillow.

Although Bai Qiao is already in the hands of Zhuo Yi, just in case. Wang Ling feels that it would be safer to send Jingke to Zhuo Yi as well.

"Sword Master..."

Hearing Wang Ling's inner call, Jingke's sword trembled slightly.

Wang Ling said no more. He looked directly at the direction where Zhuo Yi was.

Jingke understood. Then it quickly turned into a brown stream of light and rushed out of the window.

After Jingke and Bai Qiao merge, they will become Jingbai.

As for Jingbai's combat power, Wang Ling has already seen it.

Even the Thousand-Winged God can clear it all with one sword. Not to mention the mere Void Spirit.

In fact. This is also Wang Ling taking the initiative to provide an opportunity for Jingke and Bai Qiao to unite.

It's the first time to get together. Because we have to adapt to each other, the time to get together doesn't take too long.

This requires polishing over time.

And this second chance is coming. Wang Ling feels that the combination of Jingke and Bai Qiao should last longer.

When can I survive twenty-four hours? This is a real man.

As for Sun Rong...

Wang Ling feels that it is not convenient for him to keep track of him personally at the moment.

Because Xu Bai’s ultimate goal is still himself.

There is bound to be a slap fight between them.

If he goes to Sun Rong to keep an eye on him, Xu Bai will definitely be attracted by him.

By then, I'm afraid everyone nearby will suffer.

So at this time. Wang Ling turned his attention to Er Ha.

Er Ha stood up and yawned: "I understand, I understand. Let me watch over there."

Er Ha has no choice but to help.

The main reason is that he feels that Wang Ling is really tired these days.

His little master also has to deal with exams and homework on one side. On the other side, he also has to care about the common people and fight against "aliens"... It's really not easy!

...

On the other side. The first station command center for epidemic prevention in the western suburbs of Songhai City.

While Zhuo Yi is waiting for the results of the Immortal Toya test orb, it also received the first list from Wang Ling.

There are only four people on the list.

Because Sun Rong over there Wang Ling has sent Er Ha to follow up.

So the remaining four people are fully responsible for Zhuo Yi. It would be better to allocate personnel to keep an eye on them.

"As expected of Master... he actually determined the general scope of the Sons of the Void so quickly." Zhuo Yi looked at the list and sighed in his heart.

"Gao Tianming, Jiang Xiaoche, Xiang Haitao, Yi Zhiyang." Next to him, Keorn chanted the four names on the famous list. He frowned deeply: "This Yi Zhiyang. I really think it sounds familiar. It seems like I have heard it somewhere."

"This is the adopted son of Sword Master General Yi Jianchuan. How do you know Mr. Keorn?"

Zhuo Yi's words. In fact, he was still testing Keorn. He had already known from Wang Ling about the relationship between Yi Zhiyang and "Toyi Dere", the tank messenger behind the foundation.

He wanted to test whether Keorn knew about this matter.

Keorn frowned: "I once accidentally saw a file submitted by a colleague. This name was recorded on it. By the way...there is absolutely no mistake. I remember that the boss of a multinational spirit sword production group asked Yi Dere once entrusted our foundation to investigate this person named Yi Zhiyang."

Hearing this. Zhuo Yi was shocked.

He secretly marveled at the boldness of this chariot messenger.

He is obviously a messenger of the foundation. But he took the initiative to use his true identity to appoint the foundation to investigate the matter of his illegitimate child.

What a good plan.

Zhuo Yi couldn't help but smile inside.

The identities of the seven emissaries of the Foundation are kept secret from each other.

By doing this, the envoy in this chariot position can actually play the confusion card and hide his identity.

But Toy Del Rey clearly miscalculated.

He would never have imagined that almost nothing that happened on this earth could escape the eyes of his Wang Ling master's enlightened IPAD.

"I'm very happy that Mr. Keorn didn't hide anything from me. So I decided to tell Mr. Keorn something." At this time, Zhuo Yi looked at Keorn and said, "Actually, this Toy Del Rey is the Foundation. The messenger behind the chariot."

The news shocked Keorn.

Chariot Messenger. Is he actually Toy Delray?

They had speculated more than once before that there might be someone within the General Alliance of Huaxiu country colluding secretly with the foundation.

If Toy Del Rey were the Messenger of the Chariot.

There is another connection between him and Yi Zhiyang.

And Yi Zhiyang himself is the adopted son of General Yi...

Judging from the current evidence, General Yi's suspicion becomes very high.

"He is a sword master..."

Keorn was a little unbelievable. Even he, an outsider, found all of this unbelievable.

"I know." Zhuo Yi nodded.

This is a man who has made great contributions to the founding of Huaxiu. He has outstanding achievements and is loyal. There is almost no possibility of betraying the General Alliance.

However, a large number of facts show that the current suspicion of General Yi is indeed high.

"We only follow evidence and facts." At this time, Zhuo Yi said with emotion: "I am also a fan of Master Juggernaut...I don't believe he would do such a thing. But Mr. Keorn, have you ever thought about it?" Yes. Maybe there is another possibility?"

Zhuo Yi Speaking of this, Keorn suddenly realized. He opened his blue eyes in shock: "You mean..."

"I suspect. The Sword Master may have been invaded by the void."

Zhuo Yi frowned deeply.

This is the only reasonable explanation that Zhuo Yi can think of at the moment.

But then the situation becomes very troublesome...

With General Yi's own combat power, coupled with the combat power of the ethereal spirit in his body, it is probably even more amazing than Snake!

The key is. The way they handle General Yi.

The realm of the Sword Master is so high. The virtual spirit that invades his body will never be easily shaken like the virtual spirit of Mr. Liu from Number 60 High School...

Without full confidence in forcing the virtual spirit out of the body, Zhuo Yi could only think of one other way.

That is.

Kill the Juggernaut...





Chapter 1251 Where the dream begins


Kill the Sword Master. This is a decision made out of desperation...

But whether you have the courage to implement this decision is another matter.

This matter is of great importance. Zhuo Yi dare not act rashly. And the True Lord from General Alliance has been detained again. It is assumed that the second wave of forces in General Alliance is represented by Juggernaut.

With the strength of Zhenjun, it is impossible not to notice the abnormality of General Yi. I am afraid that the negotiation is still in the stage.

Things have developed here. The situation has gradually become clearer. Now Zhuo Yi is beginning to understand a little bit. The reason why Head of State chose Huaguo Shui Lian Group.

Someone among the ten generals suffered a void invasion. This matter is of great importance and is related to top secrets.

If the Head of State chooses to take action directly, I am afraid that this matter will be exposed more quickly and even more magnified. Once leaked, some unscrupulous media in border countries will exaggerate, add fuel and jealousy, and make things out of thin air. It will definitely cause a certain degree of panic.

Therefore, this matter can only be "cold handled" by appointing a third party. It's just that the Head of State missed one point. That is the variable of the Office of Strategic Deception.

In this silent war, the attack of the Office of Strategic Deception not only directly disrupted the "overhead wolf" within the General Alliance, but also disrupted the rhythm of the entire Foundation.

However, the Head of State did not stop the Office of Strategic Deception. The Office of Strategic Deception was able to form an alliance with the Huaguo Shui Lian Group so quickly. I am afraid that this was also inspired by the Head of State.

This is good news.

This proves that the Head of State still gives a positive attitude to the joint action between the Office of Strategic Deception and the Huaguo Shui Lian Group.

"Mr. Zhuo, what should we do next?" Keorn saw Zhuo Yi frowning and thinking. Zhuo Yi Even if Zhuo Yi didn't say it at this time, he could still think of the intricate relationship behind it. net.

"Mr. Keorn will stay here and wait for the results. Once the results of the investigation report on the orb are available, you will find a way to notify me." Zhuo Yi looked at Keorn and said.

"Where is Mr. Nazhuo going?"

"My master deduces that the Foundation will definitely come to take revenge on me. I have to leave here quickly."

"About Snake?"

"I'm afraid so."

Zhuo Yi nodded.

Judging from the information provided by Master Wang Ling so far, the messenger from the Foundation is coming in his direction.

As soon as tonight, or at the latest tomorrow morning, all experts sent by the foundation will arrive!

Farewell to Snake. Zhuo Yi returned to the place where his dream began...Number 60 High School in Songhai City.

Tomorrow all schools in Songhai City will be closed for three days. All teachers and staff have been evacuated.

The entire school is deserted now. It is an excellent place for fighting.

At this time. Zhuo Yi holds Jingke in his left hand and Bai Qiao in his right hand.

He felt the sword body and the huge spiritual energy transmitted from the sword. This spiritual energy was like a tsunami of stars. After feeling it carefully, Zhuo Yi could see the endless bright galactic link...

Although I only heard his master Wang Ling say it once, but after experiencing it personally, Zhuo Yi could not find any words to describe this huge power.

"Sir Bai Qiao, please excuse me." Before entering the teaching building, Zhuo Yi waved his hand and waved Bai Qiao into the air.

The scabbard's cage was ready. He would not let any offending enemy escape alive.

Anyone who offends our country of Huaxiu will be punished no matter how far away!

Then Zhuo Yi came to the principal's office and sat in Principal Chen's seat.

Principal Chen, a stingy guy, didn't know if he had expected that there would be a battle at Number 60 High School. He actually removed everything from his principal's office. He didn't even leave a water dispenser...

Zhuo Yi looked at the empty principal's office. He had no choice but to wait in front of the window.

It was about ten o'clock in the evening. A strange smell came from the school gate. I entered Number 60 High School.

There is a violent smell in this breath. Zhuo Yi You can smell the strong smell of gunpowder from a distance.

The street lights in the school square illuminated the figure of a man. He was a man with a snow-white beard. He was tall and tall, with a tall body. He was two meters tall.

"Tuoyi Delei.

"Zhuo Yi stared at the man who suddenly appeared in the 60 High School campus square. He checked the information passed to him in the Sage Immortal book on his phone. It was confirmed that the man in front of him was indeed the chariot envoy Tuoyi Delei. I am correct. At this moment, he was standing in the square wearing heavy metal armor. He had a sense of sight like a Western knight. The light of the street lamp reflected on his armor, emitting an extremely thick metallic brilliance.

Chariot Messenger. It is indeed worthy of its name.

"You are actually able to calculate my location." Although Zhuo Yi changed from the very beginning, he was sure that the Foundation must have some way to find him. However, when he saw this chariot messenger appear. Zhuo Yi Still a little surprised.

"It's the star messenger. He has calculated your position." Tuoyi Delei smiled and said: "You killed the sun messenger. You offended the entire foundation. Do you think you can get away with it? In fact, you are like this This behavior is also a declaration of war by the League of Nations!"

"Apollo was a good man. He really didn't deserve this fate."

Zhuo Yi stared at Tuoyi Delei. He sighed: "It seems like you don't know what happened to Apollo."

Tuoyi Delei shook his head. He had no intention of listening to Zhuo Yi's excuse: "I have heard of your reputation for a long time. It turns out that the gap between you and me is not big at all. Not only is your level low... you are only at the level of Golden Core. And he is also very eloquent. It makes people think and laugh."

"I found that the people in your foundation speak Mandarin quite well." Zhuo Yi Haha.

"All cultivators under the League of Nations can speak eight languages proficiently." Tuoyi Delei said confidently: "I once had a good friend. It was you from Huaxiu."

"You should know. Mr. Tuoyi Delei, the lady you are in love with, gave birth to a son for you." Zhuo Yi stared at Tuoyi Delei. He was not going to beat around the bush, but went straight to the showdown. : "You even investigated the affairs of this foreign illegitimate child..."

"What does this have to do with you!"

Tuoyi Delei snorted: "I'm warning you Zhuo Yi! This matter has nothing to do with me! I have done all the safety work! It was that scheming woman who wanted to cling to me! That caused such an accident ! That’s right! It must be that woman who pierced a hole in my little umbrella! She was the one who seduced me!"

These words made Zhuo Yi's face gradually turn gloomy.

"You know, Mr. Chariot, what I hate most in my life... is people like you who shirk responsibility and don't take responsibility!"

Zhuo Yi mentioned Jingke and pointed the tip of the sword at Tuoyi Delei: "In terms of cultivation, you are indeed my senior. But whether a person can shoulder the responsibility or not has nothing to do with age..."

"You think you can kill me with a wooden sword?" Tuoyi Delei sneered.

"Wrong. I'm not killing you."

Zhuo Yi shook his head: "But I will completely destroy you, from soul to body."





Chapter 1252 Affordable Principal


Even though Tuoyi Delei looks down on Zhuo Yi.

But in fact, judging from the frown on his face, he didn't take this battle lightly at all.

Apollo Lidman, the messenger of the sun, died at the hands of Zhuo Yi.

In the same situation where there is a huge gap in realms, how did Zhuo Yi defeat the messenger of the sun? This can’t help but make Chariot think deeply.

As a Sword master, Chariot pulled out his silver knight sword from his waist at this moment.

The full name of his sword is "Silver God of War". The abbreviation is: Silver God.

Chariot's expression is calm. After having the experience of fighting against the ethereal spirit, Zhuo Yi can now tell whether a person is infected by the ethereal spirit from his breath.

Of course, this method of identification may not be completely accurate.

However, the breath of the chariot was stable. Its breath contained a strong aura of heaven and earth.

There is a clear difference from Snake who is not a human being.

Therefore, the probability of the chariot being invaded by ethereal spirits is extremely small. However, Zhuo Yi always feels a little uneasy.

He stared at the thick silver sword in his chariot hand. He frowned slightly. He instinctively felt that something was wrong in it.

"Your sword..."Zhuo Yi only felt that something was wrong with this silver sword. But he couldn't tell what was wrong.

"Everyone can tell lies. You will definitely die today. The messenger of the star position is a calculation. In this battle, I have a 95% winning rate!"

At this moment, Chariot was holding a silver sword. He raised the sword high and slashed towards the teaching building.

The silver sword energy tens of meters high seemed to be slashed out, making a sound of the sky falling apart and the earth cracking. The ground was split into two!

The entire teaching building was cut in half in an instant. Then it collapsed. The gravel and rubble exploded out.

Chariot only used a sword. A teaching building of Number 60 High School had been razed to the ground and reduced to ruins.

Zhuo Yi stood on the ruins and looked around.

Only then did he realize that it seemed to be more than just the principal's office.

All classroom tables, chairs, equipment, and teaching instruments have been emptied and removed...

It seems that Principal Chen has long expected that there will be a battle today.

So he thought that he could use this battle to demolish Number 60 High School for free.

At this time, Zhuo Yi was amazed at Principal Chen's calculations.

It's really scary to have such an affordable man as a principal...

But in fact, he and Principal Chen had a tacit understanding. The reason why he chose Number 60 High School was for this purpose.

Number 60 High School is about to be renovated. If the old doesn’t go, the new won’t come.

It will cost extra to hire someone to demolish it. It is not as economical as this.

After a sword strike, Chariot stared at Zhuo Yi standing on the ruins. The sword he just struck was extremely powerful. Not to mention destroying a teaching building, it could even destroy this area and the land within dozens of miles. All divided into two.

But what surprised Chariot was that when his sword energy passed through the teaching building and spread backwards, it was blocked by a barrier!

Then, his extremely powerful sword energy was like a mud cow entering the sea. It was directly transformed into this barrier.

What the hell is that...

The chariot messenger felt a little frightened at this time.

After seeing the astonishing destructive power of the silver sword, Zhuo Yi was also glad that his previous strategy of letting Senior Bai Qiao transform into a "scabbard cage" to surround Number 60 High School was correct.

This cage can be entered but cannot be exited. It can also block all energy, preventing their fight from spreading to other places.

"As expected of a foundation under the Alliance. Any messenger has True Immortal-level combat power."

Zhuo Yi just smiled calmly at this time: "To be fair, I think SBP is a promising organization. The purpose of establishing this foundation was to expose the truth. But now it has deviated from the original intention and has become a burying ground." An organization of the truth. If everyone in your organization was like Mr. Keorn and had a sincere heart to pursue the truth, there would not be so many broken things now."

Chariot was stunned when he heard this and remained silent.

Zhuo Yi said something that he really couldn't refute.

However, in this world, people die for wealth and birds die for food. Who can be alone? "Now the world is suffering from the disaster of void invasion. The foundation that originally revealed the truth chose to pretend to be deaf and dumb. Let me ask Mr. Chariot. You Don't you know at all? The so-called True Immortal is just a code name for a realm. You call yourself immortal, but you may not have the character of an immortal."

Zhuo Yi's words finally made Chariot's expression change drastically.

A few words. This has already hurt Chariot: "You said I'm not immortal? I actually said I'm not immortal..."

He was almost shaking with anger. It felt like he had experienced some great humiliation. The angry eyes passed through the silver helmet and hit Zhuo Yi's face directly. It made Zhuo Yi feel a little bit embarrassed on his face. Itchy.

"Zhuo Yi. You will definitely die today."

The next moment, Tuoyi Delei took a deep breath. He danced with the silver sword. Then he thrust the sword into the ground!

Huge spiritual energy fluctuations came immediately. Then they gradually condensed into substance in the void. They were a group of snow-white unicorns. Their whole bodies were airtightly wrapped in silver armor!

"Is this the sword spirit of the Yin Shen Great Sword?"

Zhuo Yi's pupils shrank slightly.

The size of this sword spirit is extraordinary. At least according to Zhuo Yi's knowledge, the size of this sword spirit has exceeded the standard! From a distance, it looks like a monster that landed on the earth from an alien planet!

The human body is as small as an ant in front of this sword spirit!

There's something wrong with this sword spirit...

Zhuo Yi looked at Xue Qilin, which was dozens of feet tall, and frowned deeply.

He even felt the pressure coming from the sword spirit. It was already greater than Tuoyi Delei himself!

And soon. Zhuo Yi figured out what exactly happened: "You let your sword spirit accept the void?"

There was no mistake. He could feel the same feeling of being invaded by ethereal spirits from this Xue Qilin as Snake.

At this moment, Xue Qilin was summoned as a sword spirit. It was more like wailing than roaring.

Although Zhuo Yi doesn't know what means the foundation used to actually control the fusion of the ethereal spirit and the sword spirit. But he can hear that Xue Qilin, as the sword spirit, instinctively resists the ethereal spirit!

The invasion of ethereal spirits is devouring Xue Qilin's will, making it feel pain!

"Have you finally discovered it. Zhuo Yi."

Tuoyi Delei laughed wildly: "Originally, I didn't plan to use this trump card. Because the fusion of my great sword, Sword Spirit, and Void Spirit is not perfect. It is easy to go berserk. But now I have figured it out. This is not my land. Why do I need to be so polite?"

Hearing this. Zhuo Yi looked expressionless.

Everything is as he thought. Not only does the Foundation have a lot of information about ethereal spirits, but it seems from now on that they even have secret experiments on ethereal spirits...

They actually used the virtual spirit to combine the virtual spirit with the weapon spirit. This multiplied the power of the magic weapon thousands of times!

Feeling the sword spirit monster created by his own hands. Tuoyi Delei stared at Zhuo Yi. He smiled solemnly: "To tell you the truth. When I saw my sword spirit grow because of the power of the virtual spirit . Even I am a little moved! Do you know why I investigated the news about Yi Zhiyang? He is my flesh and blood. I want to see what the bastard born of a bitch... can change after being invaded by the virtual spirit. How strong!"

Hearing this. Zhuo Yi spat on the spot!

This scumbag!





Chapter 1253 Zhuo Yi’s right hand


Number 60 High School On top of a tall building dozens of meters away from the battlefield.

The beautiful and dignified nun covered her veil and looked at the battle before her.

She was brought here 3 minutes after the chariot arrived.

I wanted to go directly to Zhuo Yi to declare war. But I saw that the battle between the chariot and Zhuo Yi had already begun.

So Yue Yue decided to stay on the sidelines and watch. By the way, she wanted to collect information about Zhuo Yi.

At this time, a young male voice sounded from behind the moon: "Mother Teresa, you are indeed the messenger of the moon."

Mother Teresa wanted to turn around, but was stopped by the voice.

"Don't look back. I don't want others to know what I look like."

The young male voice said.

Judging from the sexy and magnetic voice, this should be a pretty good-looking young man.

Teresa obeyed the order without turning her head.

She smiled slightly: "Let me guess. You are the star. Only you can figure out who I am."

"Smart woman." The voice behind said.

At this time, the messenger of the star position hides himself in the shadows.

He was the third person to arrive.

After calculating the position of the moon, he took the initiative to come here and watch the battle ahead with the moon.

Moon: "Chariot said. You estimate his winning rate to be 95%?"

Xingxing: "That's right."

Moon shook her head: "But I think his battle is not easy. Now he has even used his trump card. The half-void magic weapon formed by fusing the Void Spirit with the Sword Spirit. This is something that the Foundation is still in the experimental stage. ."

"Someone has to practice it. I still think there will be no problem."

At this time, Xingxing's expression remained calm and composed: "Let's do this. I will deduce the winning rate for him again."

"How long will it take?"

"It's quick. Just 2 minutes."

...

Abandoning his wife and son, he experimented on the sword spirit he had given birth to and who had absolute trust in him, even his own son.

After Chariot finished speaking his lines, Zhuo Yi already felt very angry.

He is trying to suppress his anger.

Don't let your emotions affect the battle in front of you.

For a scum like Chariot, it would be too easy to kill him with one sword.

And Zhuo Yi is still thinking about how to save "Silver God".

Affected by the invasion of void creatures. Although Xue Qilin gained unparalleled power at this moment, this power also caused him to experience tremendous pain.

Xue Qilin is now like a balloon that has reached its limit. There is a possibility of exploding and dying at any time.

However, the meaning of this silver god sword to Chariot may be just like the women he has played with.

It's broken, it's broken. It's just a matter of replacing it.

"Open the gate."

At this time. Zhuo Yi exhaled slightly.

In the morning, he had already used the spiritual energy from 6 reservoirs to improve his level.

And now he's doing it again.

Improving the realm is also to improve the strength of one's physical body. To ensure that one's physical body will not be affected by the huge impact and collapse during the next offensive.

"It turns out to be the Heavenly Dao technique." An excited smile appeared under Chariot's heavy helmet.

Zhuo Yi did not disappoint him.

And now he also knows the reason why the sun died at the hands of Zhuo Yi.

However, this level of improvement is only temporary. The most taboo thing is to fight a delaying war.

So when Chariot saw Zhuo Yi offering {Thirty-three Little Paths of Vitality}, he also made his own plans in mind.

That is to fight first. If the situation is not good, choose delaying tactics. Wait for the temporary improvement effect of Zhuo Yi to disappear before you counterattack.

But it's a pity. Such wishful thinking.

Zhuo Yi was not intended to be left to tanks at all.

At this time, Zhuo Yi unfolded his right hand. A brown spiritual light lit up from the mahogany sword in his right hand.

Then it attached to his entire body bit by bit!

When Jingke's sword energy enveloped Zhuo Yi's body.

The coat made of sword energy is like the iron scales of a battle armor. One piece after another appears on the coat of his suit. This sword...

Looking at this scene, Chariot couldn't help but sweat.

The peach wood sword that he looked down on before actually brought him a huge pressure at this time.

Chariot couldn't help but feel that the armor on his body began to become heavier.

It's not because the armor has become heavier. It's because his mental pressure has increased!

This is like the stress response of a natural spirit animal encountering a natural enemy.

The spirit will become tense in an instant.

Then, breathing will become heavier.

Sweat began to leak out from the body surface.

Even. Incontinence...

And Zhuo Yi was walking toward him step by step, carrying this mind-shaking mahogany sword. It was like a Da Luo Jin immortal falling from the sky.

When he came to his senses, Zhuo Yi was already less than three meters in front of the chariot.

Because of the fear in his soul, Chariot was surprised to find that he actually had a blank period in his mind... which made him fragmented!

This is impossible!

He was a majestic chariot. How could he die here!

The messenger from the star position had clearly calculated it for him!

His winning rate is as high as 95%!

"Yin Shen! Hit them to death!"

In panic, Chariot began to command Xue Qilin behind him.

But what shocked Chariot was...

Xue Qilin just roared. He didn't follow his instructions.

Zhuo YiYou can tell just by thinking about how much Xue Qilin is struggling in his heart at this moment.

Its true will is obviously still fighting fiercely against the virtual spirit.

In addition, Xue Qilin has already sensed that the "enemy" it faces...is the Lord of Sword Spirits!

How could it, a little sword spirit, attack the master of the great sword spirit?

The strong desire to survive caused Xue Qilin's mental state to fall into an even more collapsed situation. It began to struggle with the will of the mental space with the virtual spirits that invaded its body.

roar!

After the earth-shattering roar, Xue Qilin stepped out!

But it’s not for Zhuo Yi!

Its front hooves pressed hard on the top of the chariot's head!

"Damn...damn thing! I am your master! Aren't you afraid of the backlash of the contract?"

Tuoyi Delei never dreamed that such a thing would happen.

He couldn't figure out why his sword spirit didn't listen to him.

He would never have imagined why the sword spirit of the Silver God Sword would turn against his master.

"It's your own fault."

At this time. Zhuo Yi slightly raised the corners of his lips.

In front of the Sword Spirit Master, any identity of the Sword Master is invalid.

Those so-called sword spirit contracts are just a piece of waste paper!

"It's time for you to be relieved. Silver God."

Zhuo Yi looked at the manic Xue Qilin. He lifted up Jingke and waved gently towards the void.

In just a moment, the sword spirit contract between Silver God and Chariot was cut off directly.

The roaring stopped immediately. The whole world became quiet.

Lost the contract. Xue Qilin instantly turned into particles of light. It is no longer anyone's "slave".

Instead, it returns to become the spirit of all things, waiting for a new master worthy of its wholehearted trust to appear.

This sword of Zhuo Yi.

The contract became a waste of paper. He also destroyed the virtual spirit attached to Xue Qilin's body with one sword.

Kill the contract by force.

The astonishing counterattack force instantly returned to Chariot himself, causing him to spit out a large mouthful of blood.

The condition of the chariot at this time was extremely tragic.

He was trampled by Xue Qilin, and half of his body was sunk into the soil. Now his body has suffered internal injuries.

The outcome of the battle is already very clear.

Zhuo Yi sneered. He looked at the miserable state of the chariot. He still didn't have any sympathy in his heart.

He slashed with sword energy.

It only used the slightest bit of Jingke's power.

The indestructible sword energy completely disintegrated the armor of the chariot on the spot.

"This layer of armor is your shame. Now you, even your underwear has been torn off by me."

Zhuo Yi stared at the frightened chariot on the ground. His words were calm and calm: "By the way, let me tell you, this sword of mine also cut off your spiritual roots."

...

The whole process took less than 2 minutes in total. The battle was over.

On the high building on the other side, the messenger from the star position exclaimed: "This is impossible! What the hell is this!"

He was frightened by the huge variables in the deduction.

"What did you calculate..."

The moon messenger was also surprised at this moment.

She saw that Zhuo Yi only used two swords to resolve the battle.

The star messenger also spat out a mouthful of blood at this time: "I saw the peach wood sword in Zhuo Yi's hand... and the scabbard of this sword..."

He saw the previous scene of Zhuo Yi entering Number 60 High School holding Jingke in his left hand and Bai Qiao in his right hand.

But it was just a peek.

A flashback time!

His whole spirit suffered a terrible backlash. One eye went blind!

"Peach wood sword. And the scabbard? What on earth are you talking about?"

"These two things have greatly reversed the situation. Increased the winning rate of Zhuo Yi!"

The star messenger couldn't believe the data he had calculated.

20000% winning rate...

This is like holding a father in my left hand and a mother in my right hand. There is a grass (a kind of plant) lying in my heart...





Chapter 1254 Sword of Destiny


The Star Messenger would never have dreamed that the battle would be over before it even started.

Mother Teresa was an honest person. She had actually heard the sound of Xing Xing vomiting blood. But she thought of Xing Xing telling her not to look back before, so she stayed where she was without moving.

"Xingxing. Are you okay..." To be honest. She was nervous.

As one of the Foundation's envoys, she watched helplessly as an envoy was seriously injured before he officially joined the battlefield. This feeling made Teresa very complicated.

Is this Zhuo Yi. a monster?

"If you need my help, just ask. I know some treatment methods." Teresa said.

In fact, she was not originally a combat type, but an auxiliary nanny. She was even known as the "Mother of the Stars" in the nanny world.

"No need...you can't help me..." Xingxing said weakly. He had already taken the tonic he carried with him.

But the most this medicine can do is help him recover from his internal injuries.

His visual impairment is probably irreversible.

The right eye was directly blind. The remaining left eye was blurred to about 2000° myopia. It was almost the same as being blind.

Now the messenger of the star position opens his eyes. There is only a chilling light left in the left eyeball.

It took him hundreds of years to hone his eyes to peer into the heavens. Unexpectedly, he suffered a devastating blow in an instant.

He even expected that there was something strange about Zhuo Yi. He didn't dare to look more.

It was just a flashback. Just a glance.

As a result, it ended up like this.

"What remains is judgment and fate..." Teresa sighed.

He felt that the envoy of the Fool position was also a master. He just didn't know why the judge's envoy suddenly excluded him.

But Teresa knew very well. She wanted to survive in the Foundation. The best way was not to ask any more questions.

Just go with the flow.

Her original purpose of joining the foundation was just for the high remuneration offered to her by the foundation.

In order to reward Mingzhe and protect yourself, it is the wisest choice.

So when she saw the vehicle in front of her was seriously injured, she had no intention of rescuing him.

Zhuo Yi is too scary. Going up at this time will mean death.

Today's foundations basically rely on one person to judge and have the final say.

Risking her own life to save a chariot. Teresa felt there was no need to take this risk.

She even thought Zhuo Yi played well!

This scumbag who treats women as toys should be taught a lesson, right?

...

At this moment, the chariot was buried naked in the earth.

He is already useless.

The spiritual root was cut off by Zhuo Yi. All realms were lost.

In addition, his body is seriously injured. Now even an ordinary person can give him the final blow.

And now. Chariot has obviously gone crazy.

The double blow to the body and spirit made it impossible for him to accept what he was seeing.

"I am immortal...I am really immortal..." He kept mumbling these words. His eyes were already blank.

After this incident is over, Chariot will probably spend the rest of his life in a mental hospital.

To deal with such a person. Zhuo Yi thinks this is the best punishment.

At the same time, Zhuo Yi once again marveled at Jingke's terrifying power.

It can cut off the spiritual roots without harming the life. Except for the master of the sword spirit, I am afraid that no sword spirit in the world can achieve such accuracy...

If an ordinary cultivator has his spiritual roots cut off, he will definitely die.

At this time, Zhuo Yi heard a few scattered bursts of applause coming from outside the school gate.

He raised his head. In the direction of his vision, he saw a man in a black cloak approaching him.

The man clapped his hands as he walked into Number 60 High School.

He took off his big hood. Zhuo Yi saw the black facial mask under the hood. The word "ming" was written in red letters on it.

Judging from the hair color, this seems to be an Asian.

The Book of Sage Immortal has sent Zhuo Yi almost all the information on the Foundation's emissaries.

Including the "virtual whiteness" of the judgment position.

But only this messenger of fate. The Book of Sage Immortal is currently under investigation.

At this moment, the messenger of destiny appears.

Zhuo Yi is also speculating on his identity.

Judging from the hair color, this person seems to be an Asian.

"Are you from Huaxiu?"

"Director Zhuo is really smart."

Under the face of the fortune character, the messenger of destiny makes a voice. This is obviously a changed voice.

This messenger of destiny seems to be hiding his identity.

"I didn't expect that the foundation's envoys were not all foreigners." Zhuo Yi said.

He holds Jingke in his hand. He is ready for battle.

Zhuo Yi: "Are you here for the chariot? Revenge. Let's get started."

"Let's talk first. I'm not here for the chariot. I'm here to fight for myself."

The Messenger of Destiny said: "Before the chariot came, I had already expected such a situation. It's just more tragic than I imagined."

Listening to Destiny's speech. Zhuo Yi always felt that the tone of this person's words was somewhat familiar. It seemed that he had known him before. But he couldn't tell who the other person was.

"You said you were fighting for yourself?"

Zhuo Yi was in no hurry to take action. He wanted to get more information out of Destiny.

"I have taken a fancy to this wooden sword of yours. If you can give it to me, it will not only avoid a battle, but also save your own life." He said this calmly while wearing a face mask with a life character on it. . But it is different from the infinite arrogance of Chariot and Snake. Instead, it seems that victory is really within their grasp.

"Snake, Chariot. They all died in my hands. Are you confident that you can beat me?" Zhuo Yi looked at him.

This messenger of destiny is the same as the chariot. His breath is pure. It has not been invaded by ethereal spirits.

However, I have experience in fighting chariots. Zhuo Yi is also wary of the magic weapons that fate may throw at me.

The people in the Foundation are all a bunch of lunatics.

God knows if fate has injected imaginary spirits into his magic weapon.

"Don't worry. I'm different from low-handed people like Chariot. I have real abilities." The messenger of destiny took a step forward at this moment.

Then he used his weapon. It was an emerald-green bamboo. The head of the bamboo was sharpened, like a sharp blade.

Under the dim light, the whole body exudes a brilliance like amber glass.

Zhuo Yi instantly became more vigilant.

The road to simplicity.

The simpler a weapon looks, the more powerful it may be.

Isn’t this the peach wood sword in his hand?

"Do you know the Sword of Destiny, Mr. Zhuo?" At this time, the Messenger of Destiny raised his head and looked at Zhuo Yi: "I have a feeling. I feel that the Sword of Destiny in my hand is different from the one in your hand. Taomu sword. Maybe it comes from the same place."

As soon as he finished speaking, his whole person disappeared into thin air.

In a flash, he suddenly appeared behind Zhuo Yi!

"The response was slow, General Zhuo. But you were stabbed by me. This is also fate."

As soon as he finished speaking, the bamboo sword immediately pierced the sword energy wrapped around Zhuo Yi's body and stabbed towards his kidney!

A feeling of foreign body invasion came from behind. Blood dripped down the pierced bamboo tip.

"It can actually pierce Master Jingke's sword energy..."

Zhuo Yi was secretly shocked. He gritted his teeth and pulled away from his body.

"No. Not pricking. Just ignoring."

At this time, Jingke's voice sounded from Zhuo Yi's body.

"Ignore the sword energy? What the hell is this..."

Hearing Jingke's words. Zhuo Yi was even more surprised.

Jingke's voice was calm: "It's okay. Bai Qiao and I are combined. We can beat each other."

Are they finally getting together?

Zhuo Yi nodded.

He endured the pain of his kidney being punctured and inserted the mahogany sword into its scabbard.





Chapter 1255: Under 1 spirit. Above all spirits


Zhuo Yi I believe that there are few magical weapons in the world that can ignore the sword energy. Let alone the sword energy emanating from Jingke.

The blow to his waist was really painful, but luckily it didn't directly hurt his vitals.

At this time, the sword energy of the Taomu Sword gently poured into the wound, repairing Zhuo Yi's injury.

The kidney is the key to a man. This messenger of destiny is vicious. But fortunately, he has the protection of Jingke's sword energy. Zhuo Yi feels that he will still have happiness in the second half of his life.

Buzz!

When Jingke and Bai Qiao merged into one again, an astonishing sense of oppression swept over the place.

The young man in the snow-colored fur coat seems to have come from the Milky Way beyond the sky. His body is dotted with stars. He is clean without a trace of dust or dirt. He is as majestic as a king.

This is... Lord Jingbai...

Zhuo Yi looked at the figure in front of him in surprise.

At this time, the young man's feet were off the ground, slightly suspended in the air, and he stared at the messenger of fate in front of him with a blank expression.

He snorted and said, "Such a waste deserves to see my king's lineup."

"I didn't expect that I would force you out after all."

It was beyond Zhuo Yi's expectation. This messenger of destiny seemed to know Jingbai's identity.

At the moment when he saw Jingbai appear, the pressure was obviously on the side of fate. But for some reason, Zhuo Yi felt that the messenger of fate seemed to be a little excited.

Boom!

The next moment, the aura of destiny suddenly increased!

There seemed to be a source of energy bursting out of his body like a volcano!

"This is..."Zhuo Yi was surprised.

What surprised him was not the surge of aura. It was the Sword method behind the surge of aura!

If his judgment is correct.

What fate used was none other than General Yi’s famous skill {Wuji Sword}!

The true identity of the whole person. Is he a sword master?

Zhuo Yi was surprised.

Although he felt that this person looked familiar from the beginning, he still felt that this was not like the Juggernaut's behavior.

At this time, the Messenger of Destiny, who had activated the {Wuji Sword}, laughed wildly and forced his way up despite the pressure.

At the same time, he used the Sword of Destiny in his hand to predict the direction of his next attack.

"Zhuo Yi! Next sword. I will pierce your heart directly! This is all destiny!"

Next. Ben’s fate while moving at high speed.

His figure disappeared in front of Zhuo Yi again.

This is a sword technique that Zhuo Yi has never seen before.

Preview first. Then implement the content of the preview accurately.

Another extremely mysterious angle.

The bamboo known as the Sword of Destiny was cut from an angle that made Zhuo Yi unexpected.

Just like the previous sword. Ignoring the defensive barrier of the sword energy, it aimed at the heart of Zhuo Yi.

Jingbai shook his head. His speed was faster than fate.

The bamboo sword was less than a few millimeters away from Zhuo Yi's chest.

He took action directly, reaching the back of Zhuo Yi.

Use an index finger to hold the bamboo sword against it.

There are only a handful of swords that can ignore one's own sword energy.

Jingbai could only think of one sword.

This envoy kept calling his bamboo sword the "Sword of Destiny".

But in fact, the real name of the sword spirit of this bamboo sword is: Pre.

Prophecy.

Pre. The sword spirit was born in the same place as him.

He even competed with him for the position of the Lord of Sword Spirits.

But in the end, he won the throne with an overwhelming advantage.

Even Shibai didn't expect that this second meeting would be here.

"Preliminary. Is this the new master you have found?"

Jingbai's face was expressionless. He ruthlessly criticized the messenger of destiny in front of him: "It's too bad!"

On the other side, after Destiny stabbed out the sword, he wanted to pull the bamboo sword away, but found that his sword was firmly attracted by a huge force.

The disparity in power makes it impossible for the Sword of Destiny to escape Jingbai's control.

"Go away. This is fate.

"Jingbai sneered.

He returned the previous lines of the Messenger of Destiny intact.

A ray of sword light shot out from the white fingertips. It was transmitted along the bamboo sword!

This sword light was only one billionth of the power of Jingbai.

But the speed is so fast and the strength is far beyond what fate imagined.

"not good!"

At this time, fate gritted its teeth.

He realized he had to let go of the bamboo sword!

However it was too late.

The sword light was transmitted so fast that it quickly poured into his right hand holding the sword like an electric shock.

But in the blink of an eye.

The crushing sword intent poured in directly from the fingertips of Destiny's right hand. Along his fingers, everything was reduced to dust!

Destiny reacts quickly.

He knew that he could not resist such a fierce sword intent.

The next moment, he gritted his teeth suddenly and pointed with the sword in his left hand to cut off his entire arm along his right shoulder!

To prevent this sword intent from spreading to the rest of his body.

It was only then that fate began to fear Jingbai.

The sword spirit in front of me is too powerful!

At the same time, he was also deeply aware of it.

He couldn't bear such a sword attack a second time.

As a swordsman, I lost my arm. This kind of pain is very painful for people to understand.

"Damn..."

At this moment, he was staring at the bamboo sword snatched away by Jingbai. His heart was filled with hatred!

This damn liar!

The sword spirit of the Sword of Destiny clearly told him that as long as he got him, he would win every battle!

He was actually deceived by a sword spirit!

"The promise of victory in all battles...is all a lie!" At this time, fate roared in pain.

Hearing this made Bai SiZhi laugh in shock.

He held the bamboo he had snatched from Destiny's hand. The expression on his face was also quite surprising: "Previously, you actually told him that you are victorious in all battles?"

Obviously, even Jingbai thinks this is Chi Guoguo's fraud.

During this period of life on earth.

Jingbai knows that there are phone scams and text message scams on the planet.

This Sword Spirit scam...

This was actually the first time he had heard of it.

The bamboo trembled slightly in Jingbai's hand, as if responding to Jingbai's question.

Zhuo Yi felt that after this "Sword of Destiny" fell into Jingbai's hands.

He is really very well-behaved.

It takes about a few seconds.

After learning the truth.

Jingbai raised his head and stared at the messenger of destiny in front of him who was dizzy with anger.

"He didn't lie to you."

Jingbai said: "From the beginning, I have made it very clear. He is under one spirit and above all spirits. He is victorious in all battles."

These words made Zhuo Yi suddenly realize.

I bet this messenger of destiny was so excited when he picked up this heaven-defying bamboo sword. He only heard the last four words "Ten thousand battles, ten thousand victories".

If you listen to the whole sentence together, it is indeed not a scam...

Above all spirits...

With this as the prerequisite, it can indeed be described as victorious in all battles.

But maybe even Zhujian himself wouldn't think of it.

The new master he recognized.

He actually led him directly to find the only man he couldn't beat...

All of this is indeed an arrangement of fate.

...

"Take off your mask. Destiny." At this time, Zhuo Yi looked at the man in front of him who was deeply involved in the "Sword Spirit Scam" tragedy and spoke.

He felt the true identity of the messenger of destiny.

Or "Juggernaut".

Or he is someone very close to the Sword Master.

Is it the evil god?

But this guy is still fighting the landlord in the cell...





Chapter 1256 The identity of the destiny bit


As for the speculation about the messenger of destiny. Zhuo Yi actually has his own answer.

There are only a handful of people in this world who know the {Wuji Sword}. And there are even fewer people who know this Sword and can use it skillfully.

Judging from the proficiency of the destiny messenger.

His understanding of Zhuo Yi has reached a superb level. He has the skill of raising his hand to cast instantly. Except for the Sword Master, Zhuo Yi cannot think of anyone else with such proficiency.

Although Yi Zhiyang also demonstrated this Sword in the National Taishu Competition.

But the gap between just getting started and mastering it still exists.

Therefore. After ruling out the possibility that the messenger of destiny is Yi Zhiyang, Zhuo Yi can only think of one person at present.

Jingbai folded his arms and blew slightly.

Bang! A sound.

The fortune-telling mask of the messenger of destiny suddenly cracked and turned into powder.

After seeing the other party's face clearly, Zhuo Yi took a deep breath.

"It's really you."

Four short words. It has been proved that Zhuo Yi's idea is completely correct.

Sword immortal Van Rui.

The man who claimed to be dead back then left behind a lot of mysteries.

In fact, the Office of Strategic Deception has also obtained some evidence proving that Jian Immortal is not dead.

At that time Zhuo Yi had the basic inference.

Back then, Jian Immortal Fan Rui put on a big show to help his disciples get rid of their inner demons.

And for many years, the only insider, namely the evil swordsman Yi Jianchuan, the senior brother of Xie Jian Shen, has been keeping this secret.

After that, the sword immortal Van Rui disappeared completely.

He was like a cloud of smoke that evaporated from the world. He disappeared without a trace.

The last time Zhuo Yi saw the sword immortal Fan Rui. It was in a book called {The History of Cultivation Sword}.

He saw the black and white photo of the sword Immortal Van Rui registered in the history book.

Unexpectedly, many years later, I would see myself in person. And in such a situation.

"I didn't expect that you would join the foundation after disappearing for so many years." Zhuo Yi sighed. He was filled with emotions.

He saw Jian Immortal Fan Rui's embarrassed appearance.

I really can’t think of an immortal swordsman who has cultivated a sword master. Why would he choose to join the foundation?

Go help the tyrants do evil. Do those despicable things.

Zhuo Yi has many questions.

He even wanted to curse directly.

But he opened his mouth, but in the end he said nothing.

He thought of what Fan Rui said to him before the battle, "He is fighting for himself."

Then his real purpose of joining the foundation seems a bit intriguing.

"I have my own reasons...you won't understand." Fan Rui stood up. His entire right arm had been cut off. There was blood all over the floor.

The gurgling blood donations gathered at his feet and formed a pool of blood. The amount of bleeding was astonishing.

"I just ask you to return that bamboo to me and let me complete the final attack." At this time, Fan Rui said.

"Do you know what this means?"

"I will die."

Sword Immortal Fan Rui smiled and said: "I had calculated that there would be this battle hundreds of years ago. For this reason, I must join the foundation. But I didn't expect that the owner of the best sword in the world would be you..."

"Then you misunderstood. I don't have the ability to become his master." Zhuo Yi smiled bitterly. He winked at Jingbai. Jingbai snorted. With a flick of his fingertips, the bamboo sword directly It flew back and landed heavily at Fan Rui's feet.

"Whether it's you or not, I still thank you for giving me the opportunity to challenge."

Fan Rui picked up "Yu" again with his left hand.

He was grateful. Thanks to Zhu Jian for accompanying him through such a journey.

At the same time, Fan Rui also knew very well that his behavior was not understandable to ordinary people.

But it doesn't matter anymore. He has always been fighting for himself.

At this time, Jian Immortal took a deep breath. He was ready for the final impact.

"{Wuji Sword} is fully activated!"

As soon as he finished speaking, powerful sword energy surged out from Jian Immortal's body,

For a time, Fan Rui was the center.

The surrounding ground was impacted by the sword energy, leaving dozens of deep ravines. The sword energy was almost overwhelming, like a tsunami rolling over.

Such an amazing equivalent. It surprised Zhuo Yi.

The man in front of him was indeed as strong as the history textbook he had read... without any exaggeration.

But this is very strong. It is only limited to the strength above the earth.

No matter how powerful the aura of the sword Immortal Fan Rui is, it is still just a drop in the ocean compared to Jingbai.

The next moment, he roared and rushed forward.

The speed was as fast as lightning. In a short period of time, Fan Rui used the blessing of {Wuji Sword} to turn the bamboo sword in his hand into thousands!

He actually turned the sword's intention into a thousand.

At this time, Zhuo Yi was filled with only wonder.

If Jingbai hadn't been here, even if his reservoir was fully open, he might not be Fan Rui's opponent.

Facing the thousands of bamboo swords that were about to attack him, Jingbai just waved his sleeves and waved a sword barrier to block the front.

The brown psychic sword barrier turned into a solid shield. It blocked the thousands of bamboo swords and prevented Fan Rui from getting even half a step closer.

A huge disparity in strength still exists.

"If you continue like this, you will die from the backlash." Jingbai looked at the man in front of him.

In fact, he didn't quite understand the other party's behavior, like a moth flying toward a flame.

Maybe. For someone who has been chasing Sword all his life, dying under his first sword in the world is also a kind of romance?

His face was expressionless with shock.

He acted as ordered. He showed no mercy to Fan Rui.

On the other side, Fan Rui was also struggling to use the bamboo sword in his hand, trying to take a step forward.

The tip of his sword stretches forward at a rate of several millimeters. It can almost be described as minimal.

Zhuo YiIt’s unclear what purpose Fan Rui came here with.

As time went by, he saw that Sword Immortal Fan Rui's body began to be unable to withstand the pressure of the sword barrier and collapsed.

Starting from the fingertips of his left hand, it turned into powder little by little.

"I have already won this battle..."

A few seconds later, Fan Rui laughed.

This man completely disappeared between heaven and earth.

But it wasn't until this moment that the shocked white pupils shrank.

He already understood the real purpose of Fan Rui's challenge to him like Kuafu Zhuri...

"In a sense, it is true." He said with a blank face.

"Lord Jingbai, what does this mean?" Zhuo Yi was puzzled.

"Fan Rui obviously has a stronger Sword. But why does he keep using his disciple's famous skills in battle?" Jingbai said.

This point wakes up Zhuo Yi a bit.

Indeed.

As an immortal sword, Fan Rui's own Sword is also unique.

But in all his attacks just now, he used General Yi's original {Wuji Sword}.

There must be a deep meaning in this.

"As far as the Sword is concerned. This is truly a lunatic."

Jingbai made the final evaluation of Fan Rui's behavior.

He didn't expect that Fan Rui would actually take advantage of him. By challenging him, the world's best swordsman, he would merge himself with {Wuji Sword} and become the meaning of Sword of {Wuji Sword}...

In other words. After Van Rui's challenge of seemingly "flying into a flame" is over.

{Wuji Sword} has also officially become the Sword branch in Heavenly Dao.

From the very beginning, Fan Rui came here with this purpose in mind.

After listening to Jingbai's explanation, Zhuo Yi suddenly understood.

This may be Fanrui's Sword to prove himself.

At the same time, he also made his final contribution for his disciples and grandchildren...

This messenger of destiny for the Foundation fell like this.

But Zhuo Yi knows. The battle is not over yet.

"President Bai. I know you are already here. Come out."

At this time. Zhuo Yi turned his gaze in one direction.

In the void, a young man with an evil face stepped out of the crack with slightly curled lips...





Chapter 1257 That man is here!


In a sense, Zhuo Yi feels that President Bai is a "lifelong enemy" to his master Wang Ling.

But this life-long enemy is more miserable.

Almost every time in his life, he was beaten to death with just a few slaps.

Zhuo Yi didn’t know President Bai appeared in front of him at this moment.

How many palm strikes can I take from my master?

He stared at the resurrected young man in front of him. He was wearing a noble coat with red moon patterns on a black background. A pure black belt tightly bound the young man's slender waist. He looked taller and taller. Every move and every move was full of energy. It has the taste of Western aristocracy.

Before being invaded by President Bai, this young man's name was "Michelle". He was the owner of the Dark Night Castle.

It can be seen that although President Bai became a virtual spirit and invaded Michelle, he did not abandon Michelle's original elegant and noble temperament.

At this time, he held his cane, stared in the direction of Zhuo Yi and sneered: "The former Michelle no longer exists. The former President Bai has also disappeared. The one standing in front of you now . It’s a brand new me. My name is Xu Bai.”

An elegant yet magnetic male voice came.

Xu Bai did not speak.

Zhuo Yi was surprised that this voice sounded directly from his mind.

"Have you felt it? This is the power that exists as a high-level life form. I am all things. And all things are also me. This is a power that resonates with all things... Only ethereal spirits without entities can easily do it. "Xu Bai spoke calmly. Even if Jing Bai was present, he was completely fearless.

It's as if he is truly invincible.

"I found that the people in your foundation all have one characteristic, that is, they are very conceited." Zhuo Yi looked at Xu Bai. At the same time, he was also carefully sensing the young man's combat power.

Indeed. The Xu Bai in front of him seemed to have a completely different flavor from the void creatures he had fought against.

It is different from Snake. It is also different from the aura attached to the Silver God Great Sword by the ethereal spirit.

The fusion of Xubai can almost be described as perfect. The whole body fits perfectly. There is not a single flaw.

"Zhuo Yi. Maybe you've felt it."

At this time, Xu Bai smiled slightly and said: "You shouldn't associate me with Snake and Chariot Naya's trash... One of them has just evolved. The fusion is not perfect. The other one is He regards the virtual spirit as his own tool. He does not realize the meaning of becoming a higher-level creature."

"Snake. But he was destroyed by my sword. How many swords do you think you can survive?" Zhuo Yi also laughed.

He really didn't know the reason why Xu Bai was so confident.

Although. This man does seem to be different from the void creatures he has seen.

But no matter how strong Xu Bai is, can he still be stronger than Lord Jingbai?

Zhuo Yi felt that even if his master Wang Ling didn't take action, Xu Bai would not be able to withstand the power of Jing Bai's sword.

"I know. Maybe you still don't understand what I'm talking about. But strength will prove everything in the end."

Xubai is extremely confident.

It is different from Snake's ethereal spirit, which is formed by the sphere of void magic.

He is an existence that directly accepted the baptism of the Lord of the Void.

At this time, Xu Bai turned the golden cane in his hand. The scenery within the entire Number 60 High School suddenly changed.

Buzz! A sound!

The school square that Zhuo Yi stepped on suddenly turned into quicksand. It suddenly softened and collapsed!

The huge square of Number 60 High School turned into a bottomless black hole in space in an instant!

At the same time, the surrounding space suddenly fell into a state of weightlessness, causing Zhuo Yi's body to float involuntarily along with the endless gravel around him.

This is another ability of void creatures. It is called. Void Limit.

It is similar to the existence of the inherent spiritual realm among cultivators on earth. In just a blink of an eye, Zhuo Yi was trapped by Xubai and fell into the boundary of the void.

At this time, Xu Bai was holding his cane and standing in the center of this endless abyss.

He is like the conductor of a carnival symphony, enjoying the pleasure brought by the power of the void.

This scene is like the end of the world.

Underground is a bottomless abyss of void. Above the head is a vortex of void that can swallow everything. Zhuo Yi's body was torn apart by two forces at the same time.

He felt that his body had been divided into two parts. It no longer belonged to him at all.

If it weren't for the frightened sword energy protecting his body, he would have turned into two lumps of flesh long ago.

Zhuo Yi's complexion changed. The sweat flowing down from his temples was sucked away by the void vortex above his head.

He had no choice but to draw his sword and strike at Xu Bai.

The mighty sword spirit!

The moment Jingbai was swung out, it was torn apart by the upper and lower forces.

Before he even got close to his body, it was completely dissipated.

"Zhuo Yi. Now do you know why I am not afraid of your sword."

Xu Bai sighed: "Now that I have entered the realm of my void, everything can only be decided by me."

Hearing this, Shi Bai's expression changed slightly. Such a situation was extremely rare for him, the master of the sword spirit.

There is a way to limit this void.

If Jingbai’s calculation is correct.

There is something similar to "disarming" power here.

Not just for spirit swords. The power of all magic weapons will be perfectly broken down by the upper and lower forces here.

"All this time. I've been looking for reasons for my failure."

At this time, Xu Bai, who was standing in the center of the void boundary, said calmly: "After countless deductions, I think the only reason for my defeat is the magic weapon..."

Zhuo Yi: "???"

Xu Bai: "Thank you Lord for giving me such a great ability. All the magical weapons of time have no effect on me. Wang Ling has been able to run rampant in the world for so many years. It is nothing more than having that weird weapon in my hand. The Taomu Sword, including those slaps he slapped me with, must have been fused with the power of the Taomu Sword."

Zhuo Yi: "So... you put this all down to the gap between the equipment?"

Xu Bai: "Isn't that true? If you are not superior to me in magical weapons, how can you defeat me?"

Zhuo Yi, Jingbai sighed secretly: "..."

It seems that this person has died several times. His IQ has not improved at all.

This is a flaw.

No matter how many times you do sit-ups on the coffin board, it's impossible to improve.

He was stunned and silent. The next moment he turned around and transformed into a sword again.

In his opinion, such an idiot is completely hopeless. One more glance would risk losing his mind. Therefore, Jingbai cannot avoid it. He has no intention of continuing to pay attention to Xubai's boring delusions.

Although the sword energy was swallowed up, he still had many ways to kill Xu Bai.

"Don't, Master Jingbai... What will I do if you leave!" Zhuo Yi exclaimed in his heart.

"Haven't you noticed yet? Your master is already here..."

At this time, a shocked voice sounded in Zhuo Yi's mind.

When Zhuo Yi came to his senses, a warm hand suddenly placed on his shoulder.

That man is here...

That man. Just finished his homework. Here he comes!





Chapter 1258 The illusion of invincibility


A long time ago. Wang Ling summarized several major misconceptions about combat.

For example: This trick works. He is sweating because I must have scared him. This person is very young and not very experienced. It shouldn’t be difficult to deal with him. Although I couldn’t beat him before, I have become stronger and the battle has just begun. He He will definitely lose the first matchup...

Now facing a comeback, President Bai's self-confidence has turned into a vain one.

Wang Ling also summarized several major illusions about invincibility in view of the excessive "arrogance".

He is very aware of Xu Bai's inner psychological activities now.

For example: The top of the immortal, proud of the world. With me, there will be heaven after all!

Another example: Heaven does not give birth to a virtuous son. Eternity is like a long night...

I don’t know why. These domineering declarations are now placed on Xu Bai. They seem so ridiculous to Wang Ling.

And obviously, the scarier thing is not knowing it.

Wang Ling sighed slightly. He was the first to send Zhuo Yi out of the battlefield.

Because he heard the sound of sirens coming from beyond the limits of the void.

It is impossible that such a huge amount of psychic energy fluctuations would not attract the attention of the police.

So he sent Zhuo Yi out first, leaving Zhuo Yi to stabilize the situation. At the same time, he organized police forces to disperse the surrounding people.

But I have one thing to say. Wang Ling feels that the battle here will be resolved soon.

"As expected of the person I like. He can actually send people out of my void."

Looking at the scene in front of him, although Xu Bai was surprised, he was more excited.

According to normal logical thinking, once you fall into the limit of his void, it is impossible to get rid of it so easily.

But in front of me, Wang Ling chose to send Zhuo Yi away.

From Xu Bai's point of view, it was simply a touching drama of life and death.

He felt that Wang Ling must have paid a heavy price before sending Zhuo Yi out of his void boundary. He left the hope of life to Zhuo Yi.

In this regard, Xu Bai expressed his own evaluation after sighing a few times: "You treat your disciples well. I am very touched."

"..."

Wang Ling feels that this person is completely hopeless.

In fact. Wang Ling came prepared for this trip.

He summarized the lessons learned from his last battle with President Bai in Chapter 690.

Because he was dragged into a fight before he finished his homework. The whole process made Wang Ling uneasy.

So this time. Wang Ling rushed to the scene after finishing all the homework.

Secondly, he had been worried that President Bai would damage his school uniform during the last fight.

The school uniform was damaged. He had to deduct money from his pocket money to buy a new one.

So after the last session, Wang Ling went home and decorated all the clothes she wore.

It is precisely because of this that Wang Ling is now standing in the boundary of the void. The clothes on his body were not torn to pieces by the huge tearing force from the upper and lower sides.

On the other side, facing a familiar opponent.

President Bai also summed up the lessons learned based on the previous experience.

Before he became Xu Bai, his self-healing ability was his biggest trump card. So before the battle began, he had designated a consumption strategy. He planned to consume all the boy's physical strength and finally counterattack.

But the young President Bai didn't know that even the most basic slap from the boy had the effect of serious injury.

After being slapped, he was hit so hard that he had no energy left to fight back.

Therefore, in this battle, after he advanced to become Xubai, his new tactic was to use his advantages of void creatures to suppress fire!

Void creatures do not need to consider the issue of spiritual energy consumption.

Their energy source comes from the void. And the energy of the void is inexhaustible!

...

At this moment, the two of them were separated in the void. After looking at each other for a few seconds, they each had their own thoughts in their hearts.

Xu Bai held the cane. When he raised his sleeves, endless void energy groups appeared in the void!

These large and small energy groups appeared around Wang Ling almost instantly. They were like the abyss of a wild beast. In an instant, the water surrounding Wang Ling was blocked.

For a moment. Wang Ling felt like he was trapped in an ocean ball.

Wang Ling opened King's Eyes. The three-petal Golden Lotus bloomed in his vagina. His entire pupils were painted with the color of a black hole.

The huge devouring ability begins to show!

Wang Ling's King's Eyes turned into the mouth of the giant beast at this moment, absorbing all the energy groups nearby!

Facing such high-energy and highly dense void energy groups, this is the best way that Wang Ling thought of. If he were to forcibly destroy it, the big explosions produced by these energy groups would probably be enough to cause damage to Songhai City even if they were residual power. A devastating blow.

He neutralized his move in an understatement. Xubai's brain went blank again just like last time.

He has become a more advanced life form!

Perhaps even Xu Bai himself didn't realize it. Fine beads of sweat had begun to flow from his forehead.

The opponent could actually absorb all of his void energy group with just his physical strength?

No!

This is absolutely impossible!

At this time, Xu Bai, who did not believe in evil, turned the scepter again!

His power of void is inexhaustible. He does not believe that Wang Ling can infinitely swallow up his energy group...

"It's so troublesome."

On the other side, Wang Ling had to repeat the previous round of operations. Once again, King's Eyes was used to absorb the energy group.

Eh...Although Xu Bai is too arrogant, he actually guessed one thing right. That is, the capacity of King's Eyes is actually limited. It is impossible to absorb energy groups without limit. Once the space is full. Wang LingWe must find a way to release the energy accumulated in King's Eyes.

But at this level, it actually takes a long time to reach full capacity.

Wang Ling stood in the field bored, watching Xu Bai's boring performance.

After observing for a while, he became a little impatient.

Thinking of having to take online classes tomorrow, the complicated emotions suddenly came to Wang Ling's heart.

The so-called suspension of classes does not stop learning.

Even if Wang Ling is at home, he still has to take online classes.

Not only that. The school also stipulates that every student must shoot a learning video and send it to the class group.

This undoubtedly adds a lot of trouble to Wang Ling.

In this way, he won't be able to let the two monsters, the pen and the eraser, do the homework for him.

And the reason why he was stuck at home taking online classes? Isn't the culprit Xu Bai standing in front of him?

As the saying goes, every wrongdoer has his own debtor.

At this moment, I thought about Wang Ling, who would have to take online classes tomorrow. I could no longer suppress the urge to slap Xubai to death...

The same scene as last time. He walked towards Xu Bai step by step.

But compared to the last battle, Xubai has indeed become stronger.

Wang Ling cannot guarantee whether one slap will kill him directly.

But he still walked up to Xu Bai and raised his hand.

Xu Bai sneered: "All physical attacks are ineffective against me. The moment your slap hits me, I will be completely swallowed by the void..."

Snap!

The next moment, a firm slap was slapped on Xu Bai's face.

The pale head moved away from the body and disappeared...

This is just an ordinary slap.

But it doesn't seem to have the one-shot killing effect that Wang Ling wanted.

He felt that Xubai's aura had not completely disappeared.

Sure enough, in the next meeting, the pale head grew back again...

This situation made Wang Ling understand clearly.

It turns out that the head is not the key point.

It seems that the next slap will make him change his position...





Chapter 1259 Guess! How many slaps did Wang Ling get?


The moment the slap touched Xu Bai's cheek. The warm and familiar touch in Wang Ling's palm was instantly transmitted through the tens of thousands of pores on Xu Bai's face.

Has the Devouring Void failed?

The moment he felt the pain, Xu Bai asked a question in his heart.

In fact, this is not the result of the failure of Xubai Devouring.

Judging from Wang Ling's current understanding of void creatures, the body surface devouring effect of void creatures does have the effect of blocking all physical attacks and even spell attacks.

But in vain he missed one thing.

That is Wang Ling without using spell attacks.

All his normal attacks, including slaps, are all true damage!

So it’s not that void swallowing fails.

But from the beginning, Xu Bai was too confident in his void creature abilities.

However, compared to the previous battles. Wang Ling has to commend President Bai for his behavior that is much more stable than before.

His slap failed to kill the opponent. It was also because President Bai left himself a backup plan.

This is another ability that Wang Ling has not seen in other void creatures.

Xu Bai calls it {Void Redemption}.

The energy behind the Void Gate is inexhaustible. And this trick is to mobilize the power of the Void from behind the door. It is a way to reshape the damaged parts of yourself when you receive a fatal blow.

Before coming here, although Xu Bai had great confidence in his winning rate in this battle.

But he still left a backup plan for himself. He used the power of the void to customize many human organs in advance so that he could transfer them to himself at any time.

But unfortunately, because he was very confident about this battle, Xubai was just prepared and didn't have much reserves.

He calculated that if Wang Ling fought with him, he might get slapped in the face, so he prepared five heads for replacement.

Now. There are four left...

However, judging from the way the young man in front of him used his next blow, it seemed that the opponent had lost interest in his face and was preparing to hit him elsewhere.

Although the reserves in other parts are not lacking, they are not as prepared as the "head".

This is the first time...

Is he going to fail again?

Xu Bai felt the obvious power gap in front of him. He felt sad in his heart.

He has obviously given up the human body and evolved into a higher-level creature!

Why!

Why can't he beat this boy?

At this moment, Xu Bai gripped the cane tightly. His palms were already sweating.

At this time he had no other choice.

I can only pray to the Lord of the Void for help!

In the next moment, Xu Bai's body began to change. He tried to transform his body into the form of a virtual spirit. In this way, he could freely manipulate his body to instantly reach wherever he wanted to go.

Even if Wang Ling's slap can hit him, then whether we can catch him or not is still a question.

However, what shocked Xu Bai was...

His body was about to change when his whole body was shaken by a terrifying force!

It’s Wang Ling’s eyes again!

Those eyes that seem to be able to see through everything, run through the eternal night, and see through the endless universe...

Terrible power. It has the power to remove the false and preserve the true!

Xu Bai’s entire body was frozen on the spot!

Any form does not exist in front of King's Eyes!

But in fact, everything that is happening now is all self-inflicted.

He has become a virtual spirit.

But in order to blend into the human world, he invaded other people's bodies.

Maybe he was planning his own big plan.

But as virtual spirits, they have become disembodied advanced beings. Invading human bodies again and merging with them is an act of self-degradation.

Xu Bai originally thought that he could freely switch between the human body and the virtual body.

But he missed the calculation again.

The power of King's Eyes.

"Damn...it shouldn't be like this...it shouldn't be like this!"

Xu Bai's heart began to collapse.

Every time this young man dealt with him, he would come up with some new tricks that he didn't even know about!

Every time he obtains information, it is not the most comprehensive!

It seems like I'm forever one step behind the boy in front of me...

King's Eyes is not in "Dao".

This secret. Wang Ling only learned about it not long ago.

So even if Xu Bai realizes the power of King's Eyes, it is impossible to deal with King's Eyes.

His eyes are probably the hardest things in the universe.

No force can break it.

Therefore. Wang Ling is not worried at all about exposing King's Eyes in front of Xu Bai.

Besides...

Is there a next time?

Wang Ling doesn’t believe that after this battle, Xu Bai can survive in another identity.

At this moment, Xu Bai, whose form changes were restricted by the King's Eyes, felt his soul being deeply stung.

On the other side, Wang Ling had no intention of giving Xu Bai any chance to think.

His second palm was aimed at Xu Bai's crotch, directly smashing Xu Bai's lower body to pieces. This is also an extremely fatal part.

"Wang Ling! Don't underestimate me! The battle is not over yet!" At this time, Xu Bai suddenly roared.

There was reluctance and anger in this roar, but Wang Ling felt that it contained more of the despair that comes from breaking a jar.

Because there are not many organ reserves in other body parts.

Xu Bai reacted quickly to Wang Ling's second palm. He quickly turned his face away before Wang Ling's palm fell.

Wang Ling was amazed by Xu Bai's operation.

He even took the initiative to stretch his face over to shield other parts of his body from the knife...

So after the second palm came down.

The reserve of Xubai's head. I know there are only three left...

After regaining his head, Wang Ling found that Xu Bai was actually smiling at himself.

He had obviously eliminated him twice. But the other party actually smiled like a winner.

"I didn't expect that I, Xu Bai, could withstand your second blow..."

Xu Bai opened his mouth. There was a deep sense of ridicule in it.

In Wang Ling's opinion, this person may have gone crazy.

From the very beginning, I stood in front of him confidently with the belief that I would win. I threatened to kill him.

But at this moment, Xu Bai completely changed his previous attitude. He actually took it as an honor to block how many slaps he blocked...

"What a nervous and difficult opponent."

Wang Ling made a mental evaluation of Xu Bai.

After sighing, he gave Xu Bai a third palm.

The focus of this palm was very tricky. Wang Ling felt that the battle should be over.

However, just when his palm was about to touch Xu Bai, Xu Bai's face accurately appeared under Wang Ling's palm again...

"Wang Ling. I told you not to underestimate me! I have already bet that you will start from this angle!"

"..."

"I have the last two heads left! Although I can't beat you! But I can at least withstand your fourth palm!" At this time, Xu White Hair laughed like crazy: "In this world, who else can? Can I block your four slaps? Who else!"

"..."

For a moment, Wang Ling was unable to refute.

He felt that something was wrong with this man's brain...





Chapter 1259 The Great Lord of the Void


At this time, Xu Bai still had the last two heads left.

For Xu Bai, these are also his last two lives.

If he can block the next two blows.

Then he may become the man who has been slapped the most by Wang Ling...

On the other side, when Wang Ling was giving the fourth slap, his mood was particularly complicated.

He thought to himself that this might be how an adult's heart breaks down.

As a cultivator, does Bai Zhe work hard enough?

I'm afraid so.

In order to pursue a higher realm, he also practiced hard for thousands of years.

In order to pursue a higher realm, he did not hesitate to betray the boss and kill the boss who had supported him.

In order to pursue a higher realm, he even decided not to be a human being and completely dedicated his soul to the void.

But what did he get?

Bai Zhe. Bai Zhe... At this moment, Wang Ling is savoring President Bai's real name.

Indeed. In the eyes of Wang Ling, all this is just "a waste of time".

Evil people will be punished by evil people.

From the perspective of Wang Ling, President Bai's fate was actually determined a long time ago.

In history, any cultivator who does evil things, no matter how high their cultivation level is, their final outcome will not be much better.

"Heavenly Dao has reincarnation. Heaven will bypass who."

This sentence is not just talk.

Those cultivators who have committed bad karma will eventually be counterattacked by the bad karma they have committed.

Wang Ling does not intend to give Xu Bai another chance with his fifth palm.

His face remained expressionless when he struck the fourth palm.

What Xu Bai didn't expect was that just when he was calculating where Wang Ling's palm would land on his body.

Wang Ling is about to get close to his palm. It will become huge in an instant.

The huge palm is like the five fingers of Buddha, covering the sky and the sun!

His entire body was covered in an instant!

"Is everything over?"

At this point, Xu Bai has realized that this battle is probably coming to an end.

He simply couldn't avoid Wang Ling's fourth blow.

Obviously he has tried so hard, but he can no longer escape the end of death.

It's over.

Boom!

A palm fell.

After advancing to become "Xu Bai", President Bai once again challenged Wang Ling. He was completely destroyed.

Wang Ling's fourth palm. It's not an ordinary blow.

He combined dozens of Heavenly Dao spells and even used Fate and Heavenly Dao!

Huge blows were dealt to both the body and the soul!

All this is to ensure that President Bai has been completely eliminated and there is no possibility of resurrection.

This palm of Wang Ling not only eliminated President Bai in front of him.

Because of the fusion of Fate's power, even President Bai from other parallel worlds were completely destroyed.

From now on, there will be no more Bai Zhe in the world.

The battle was over. Wang Ling sighed secretly.

After experiencing President Bai's incident, he felt that he had gained a lot of inspiration.

There is nothing wrong in itself as a person trying to make himself better.

But to make yourself better, it must be based on "your own efforts".

Sacrifice other people's happiness to make yourself better. This is not called hard work. It is a crime.

Wang Ling sighed.

He turned around and prepared to step out of the void.

But at this moment. Wang Ling suddenly discovered a problem that he had missed...

The situation seemed not as simple as he imagined.

This person Bai Zhe has been completely eliminated by him.

Whether it is as a virtual spirit or as a human being on Earth, they no longer exist.

Logically speaking, after Bai Zhe is eliminated, the void boundary he is currently in should be lifted on its own.

However, the limit of the void in front of me still has no intention of disintegrating.

Even after death, can the boundaries of the void still be preserved?

Wang Ling was secretly surprised at how tricky these void creatures were.

Fortunately, he was the one who fought against Xu Bai just now.

If it were anyone else.

Even if he has the ability to deal with Xu Bai, he may not be able to escape from the boundary of the void. Then the problem before Wang Ling now arises.

How to deal with this void limit? This is a huge problem.

Void limit. This is a domain ability of void creatures.

Since it is a domain ability, it must be related to the world behind the Void Gate.

"There is nothing we can do."

At this time. Wang Ling secretly frowned.

If this thing is destroyed directly, it will probably form a very terrifying space tide, causing an effect similar to that of a black hole... This will bring huge damage to the city where he lives.

For now, the solution Wang Ling thought of was to send this void boundary back.

Go where it should go.

At this moment, Wang Ling raised his swords together and recited the spell silently.

In less than a few seconds, a giant teleportation circle was completed.

This is one of the branch spells under the Heavenly Dao spell {Great Teleportation}: {Return Technique}. You can designate anything to be returned to the hands of its original owner or even the world.

Gu Shunzhi should also be familiar with this spell. This is one of the compulsory spells for orderers. It is usually mainly used to correct some time and space distortions.

When space-time chaos is formed, the phenomenon of cross-teleportation will occur among creatures in many worlds.

Some people will see strange spiritual beasts, vegetation, and even alien creatures that have never appeared in their own world. These phenomena may not be illusions.

Buzz!

Thirty seconds later. The transmission begins!

Accompanied by a golden teleportation beam reaching the sky.

Wang Ling disappeared directly from Songhai City with the void boundary left by Xu Bai...

...

"The unknown black psychic group inside Number 60 High School has disappeared!" At this time, a small police officer who was evacuating the crowd nearby made a scary voice.

The boundary of the void disappeared. The huge sense of oppression also disappeared with it.

The crisis was resolved. Some police officers hugged each other. Some simply collapsed on the ground from exhaustion.

The void boundary of Xubai. Although the internal pressure is the greatest, the sense of oppression radiated from the outside is still strong. The cultivators of Golden Core work in such an environment and will suffer a mental breakdown at any time.

But the more crisis comes, the more they have to step forward!

This is their duty!

Protect the lives and property of all cultivators. This is also their mission!

"Well done to everyone! Well done to all those who go against the trend!" In this regard, Zhuo Yi, as the temporary commander, encourages all the police officers here who have stepped forward bravely.

He looked in the direction of Number 60 High School. Looking at his alma mater that had completely turned into a pile of ruins. Zhuo Yi felt a little complicated inside.

This has been completely dismantled...

It seems that tomorrow the engineering team will be able to move in directly to build a new teaching building, pave a new playground, build a new gymnasium, and add the latest spirit gathering array.

However, Zhuo Yi is also a little confused.

The limit of the void has disappeared...

Where has his master gone?

...

Meanwhile on the other side.

When Wang Ling opened his eyes, he already appeared in a world full of light.

"This is..."Wang Ling looked around expressionlessly.

If he guessed correctly, he might have followed the transferred void boundary.

They were sent back to the void world together...

"Is it you who killed Xu Bai..."

At this time, a deep and hollow voice sounded from the world.

"You are?"Wang Ling has no respect.

"I am your great Lord of the Void." the voice answered.

"..." Wang Ling.





Chapter 1260 The night of demolition in 60th grade!


The difference between the void world and Wang Ling's imagination is not that big.

It is somewhat similar to the God Realm, but there are differences.

The world of gods is also a bright and beautiful scene.

The only difference from the void world is that there is dense vegetation there.

God. When he has nothing to do, he likes to raise some flowers and plants... Actually, it's normal.

But the world of emptiness has nothing in it. It can almost be described as a blank.

Wang Ling thought of what the Sun Spirit said to him before.

"Behind the Void Gate. There is emptiness..."

Now Wang Ling suddenly understands what this means.

He could feel that in the surrounding space, there were countless ethereal spirits invisible to the naked eye floating around.

They seemed like those mayflies in the depths of the ocean.

Even though it is dense, it appears extremely small against the backdrop of the entire world.

"This is the world of emptiness. How is it? Are you excited?"

At this time, the Lord of the Void's words came again, interrupting Wang Ling's thoughts.

Wang Ling was in no hurry to take action.

Although the Lord of the Void's tone made him feel a little uncomfortable.

What's more, it has never been Wang Ling's temperament to take the lead.

Never fire the first shot. This is one of the Chinese military rules...

After all, they had just met. They didn't do anything to him. Killing him as soon as he came up seemed a bit too overbearing.

"Join the Void. Become a citizen of the Void. You will be able to enjoy the taste of the peak."

The Lord of the Void further said: "You can enjoy the lives of everyone here. You can even dominate your own world."

Wang Ling is confused: "?"

Lord of the Void: "Mainly by thinking. Our Void people behind the Void Gate. The thinking is all connected together."

Now Wang Ling understands.

Emotions, this ethereal spiritual life, all depend on YY...

A bit low!

Anyway, it’s all YY. Wouldn’t it be nice to read a copy?

At this point, Wang Ling no longer intends to stay.

He thought how powerful this Lord of the Void could be. It turned out to be just a king of lust.

Wang Ling is planning to use the Wang Ling technique to bring himself back to his original world.

To Wang Ling's surprise, the Lord of the Void had no intention of stopping it.

In fact, this was also the Lord of the Void who saved his own life.

Just before Wang Ling left. He left two sentences for Wang Ling.

"I know. You think that the imaginary world does not really exist. But have you ever thought that human life itself may be the biggest fantasy."

This is the first sentence left by the Lord of the Void to Wang Ling.

Immediately afterwards, he said: "You have indeed completely killed Xu Bai. Xu Bai in the real world no longer exists. But I want to remind you. You can never destroy Xu Bai in the imaginary world. ..."

As soon as he finished speaking, Wang Ling's figure had completely disappeared into the void world.

Several minutes passed. In the silent void world, the voice of the Lord of the Void came again: "What an amazing power..."

It took him several minutes to calm down.

Xu Bai will lose. Not without reason.

This amazing sense of oppression. Even the Lord of the Void felt scared.

The first words he spoke were "I am your great Lord of the Void".

In fact, the Lord of the Void already knew it when he said it.

After saying this, there is a 50% chance that the boy in front of you will be slapped to death.

However, for the sake of the king's dignity, the Lord of the Void still gave it a try.

Fortunately. Wang Ling was not angered by his words.

At that time, the Lord of the Void was sighing in his heart.

After all, this is a man who has received nine years of compulsory education. His qualities are indeed different...

"Great Lord. Are we going to let him go like this?" At this time, the voices of other ethereal spirits came from the side.

"That's all.

It's enough." The Lord of the Void shook his head. The truth is very clear.

There was nothing he could do to stop Wang Ling from leaving.

And the Lord of the Void knows it very well.

Can ignore the gate of the void and freely enter and exit the world of the void alone. Only this person can do it.

Xubai's death at the hands of such a person was not unjust.

"Are we about to retreat..." Many ethereal spirits nearby asked.

"The last two sentences I left for him said it all."

The Lord of the Void was silent for a moment and said: "We can't prevent Xu Bai's death. We can't stop him from obstructing our actions."

Having said that, the void invasion plan seems to have completely failed with the death of Xu Bai.

However, just when all the Void Spirits were disappointed, the Lord of the Void said again: "Failure is only temporary. Even if we cannot find the Sons of the Void in the short term, they will eventually become the people of the Void. Return to the Void... "

...

Wang LingAfter returning from the void world.

Those virtual spirits that had invaded the human body have left the human body in various forms.

Maybe they are still wandering in the earth. They cannot return to the void world.

But Wang Ling knows. This is a sign of weakness from the Lord of the Void.

He remembered what the Lord of the Void told him before he left the void world.

The profound meaning in these words couldn't help but arouse Wang Ling's thoughts.

Xubai in the fantasy world...

Wang Ling always feels a bit ominous.

He used the many avenues in his body to sense and once again confirmed the fact that Xu Bai had completely disappeared.

This world. There are other worlds. The whiteness of all worlds no longer exists.

However, the words of the Lord of the Void made Wang Ling particularly concerned.

When I got home, it was already early morning on Friday the 25th.

Wang Ling received a message from Zhuo Yi: "Master. Those cultivators who have been confirmed to have been invaded by void spirits have really returned to normal! As expected of the master! This time, the void creatures can be said to be comprehensive. Defeated! Also, there is no need to worry about Number 60 High School. The engineering team will arrive this morning. The construction will be completed in 3 days! Classes will begin next Monday!"

Wang Ling looked at this text message and felt calm.

There is no doubt about it. Zhuo Yi has done something good again this time.

In the future, Zhuo Yi will add another highlight to his personal deeds: the night of demolition of Number 60 High School!

With the retreat of the void creatures, the tense situation on the General Alliance side was also calmed down. Lord Diu Lei was released.

Later Wang Ling heard that General Yi was indeed invaded by the void beings... Fortunately, the void spirits retreated in time, which allowed General Yi to return to normal. If it had been a little later, Head of State's kill order might have been Approved.

Everything seems to have been resolved satisfactorily.

But Wang Ling always feels that there are still things missing.

Just this morning.

Wang Ling received a message from the class group.

It is said that Sun Rong suddenly fell seriously ill.

And...has been pushed to the ICU.





Chapter 1262 Mass Production of "Resurrection Coins"


This matter first came from Guo Hao's mouth.

He probably didn't know what information he got from one of his uncles. He was extremely worried about Sun Rong's current situation.

Then, the class group exploded unexpectedly without Wang Ling.

Chen Chao: "What...what is this situation? Wasn't it fine before?"

Guo Hao: "Chen Chao. Stop talking. I'm scared."

Chen Chao: "..."

Su Xiao: "It's strange. Yesterday, I reviewed the lecture notes for the recent class with classmate Sun. Her face looked very good. She didn't look like she was sick at all."

Guo Hao: "I can't tell you the specific situation. My uncle said that last night, the Huaguo Shui Lian Group organized an expert consultation. All the famous doctors in Songhai City who were available were invited. There are also The doctor just stepped back from the epidemic prevention station. He rushed over as soon as he received the application."

"Is there any specific news? What kind of disease is it?"

Class group. Everyone is worried.

They can't do anything else. With the financial resources of the Huaguo Shui Lian Group, I'm afraid they won't be short of money.

The only way to do it is to pray.

At this time, Guo Hao frowned and typed again: "Strange. That's the strange thing... It is said that more than a dozen experts have consulted, but they couldn't find out what the problem is with classmate Sun Rong! "

...

The class group's speech made Wang Ling frown deeply.

After the Jiulong Mountain Competition, he visited Sun Rong as a representative.

He even quietly checked Sun Rong's body.

There were no obvious abnormalities throughout his body.

There is no curse of "yin and yang death" that Boss Sun is worried about.

Now, as soon as the Void evacuated, a serious illness arose here at Sun Rong.

The whole thing seems very fishy to Wang Ling.

"Now. Does the Son of the Void have a locked range?" Wang Ling asked the book of Sage Immortal.

After he returned from the void world, the Book of Sage Immortal also obtained more data. The scope has been successfully reduced so far.

As for the girls, as expected by Wang Ling, the identity of the Son of the Void was locked on Sun Rong.

As for the boys, there are currently two of them. The probabilities are evenly matched.

One is Jiang Xiaoche, the secretary of Huaguo Shui Lian Group. The other is Yi Zhiyang, the adopted son of General Yi.

The probability of both of them is currently 50%

Wang Ling thinks clearly. If Sun Rong's current illness is related to the Void Evacuation.

Regardless of which one of these two people is the Son of the Void, one of them may be sick at the same time.

But the result was different from what Wang Ling imagined.

According to the findings of the Sage Immortal Book.

Currently, Jiang Xiaoche is doing well.

Although Yi Zhiyang is indeed in the hospital, the main purpose of his hospitalization is psychological counseling. He does not suffer from a life-threatening "serious illness" like Sun Rong.

"There is nothing we can do."

At this moment. Wang Ling sighed slightly in his heart.

He felt that the whole story of the incident was not that simple.

Sun Rong is sick. There is something fishy about it.

The root cause must be traced back to the source.

Otherwise, even if Wang Ling casts a spell to save him, it will only take a moment and a half.

So before the results of the investigation come out.

He could only help Sun Rong as long as possible.

After all, we are classmates.

Moreover, this is also his effort.

Then Wang Ling opened the cabinet on the side and prepared to draw the talisman paper by hand.

"Come here and help."Wang Ling looked at Er Ha.

Er Ha walked over and turned into a human form. He started cutting the talisman paper according to the meaning of Wang Ling: "What talisman did you draw?"

"The scapegoat." Wang Ling said.

Er Ha nodded.

This is a Talisman with similar effects to the resurrection coin.

It can be triggered at a critical moment to save someone's life.

However, if an ordinary Taoist cultivator wants to draw such a death talisman, in addition to consuming a huge amount of spiritual energy, he also has to spend decades or even hundreds of years of hard work... before he can develop one.

Just draw it like this and go directly to mass production.

There is only one Wang Ling in the world.

His Little Master Ling is so unbelievable.

If an ordinary person saw this scene, it would probably be terrifying.

But Er Ha is different.

Because the shock operation brought to him by Wang Ling was too much. He was already numb.

A scapegoat drawn by Wang Ling himself. Its effectiveness is self-evident.

If Sun Rong is really fatally injured, this charm can not only enchant the soul, but also help Sun Rong recover from physical wounds.

In one morning, the spirits in the Wang family's villa were collectively mobilized.

Using limited materials, 3,000 death talismans were drawn.

It's approaching noon.

These 3,000 death talismans have begun to take effect. Two of them have been burned.

As Wang Ling expected. This disease is really weird.

Under normal circumstances, even if you have an incurable disease.

As long as there is a scapegoat drawn by Wang Ling, he will definitely survive.

There is no need to use the second one at all.

Wang Ling observed the burning time before and after these two death talismans. The interval was about 1 hour.

Will one be burned in an hour?

Wang Ling frowned deeply.

He was even more convinced.

This is by no means a "disease".

But someone with intentions is cursing behind my back.

And the person from this source is probably very cunning.

Wang Ling stayed at home for a while longer.

He was observing the consumption of the scapegoat.

Around 2 p.m., bad news came again.

Wang Ling found that the burning speed of the scapegoat began to increase.

The previous interval was to consume one every hour. Now one has to be consumed every 50 minutes.

Judging from this growth rate, the consumption of death talismans will become faster and faster.

This was the purpose of his staying at home and observing.

There can be a curse in this world. Can it be adapted to his death talisman?

This surprised Wang Ling inside.

It seems that for the time being, he can't get away to conduct a detailed investigation.

This death talisman must be drawn by his own hands.

Otherwise, Sun Rong's life will not be saved.

Wang Ling quickly called Lord Diu Lei.

One is to ask Lord Diu Lei to go to the hospital on his behalf to investigate the specific situation. He also has a King's Eyes in the hands of Lord Diu Lei. In this case, even if he does not go there in person, he may still be able to find clues.

The second thing is to ask the Office of Strategic Deception to support Talisman's production materials.

Draw a scapegoat. Although Wang Ling can be mass-produced, the material consumption is extremely huge.

Wang Ling has exhausted all the inventory in his drawer.

And the raw materials he bought were the cheapest ones on the market...

There are auxiliary resources from the Office of Strategic Deception. The material level has gone up. The Talisman strength will naturally go up as well.

"Brother, do you want to leave my soul-soothing ring to classmate Sun Rong?" At the end of the communication, Lord Diu Lei suddenly asked.

"No. It's useless." Wang Ling replied.

Although the soul-suppressing ring also has the effect of resurrection, it cannot be applied to the situation where the curse causes death.

To trigger the effect of the soul-suppressing ring, one must suffer fatal injuries to the body.

You might as well leave the ring to Sun Rong. Then send an executioner nearby. Seeing that Sun Rong is about to die, give Sun Rong a knife... and let Sun Rong be stabbed on the side. . while resurrecting.

This is too cruel!

...

"Will I eventually return to the void..."

The call with Lord Diu Lei was completed. Wang Ling thought of what the Lord of the Void said.

These words did not anger Wang Ling.

On the contrary, it actually made him feel a little bit excited.

It seemed that this was the Lord of the Void challenging him.

This is the first time in his life that a living being has doubted his ability.

Thinking that he has no ability to prevent the Son of the Void from returning to the Void World.

But it is still unclear who will win.





Chapter 1263 Magical Expert Consultation


Facts have proved that Guo Hao's intelligence does not contain any exaggeration.

Songhai City Qixing First Military Medical Hospital. Domestic experts gathered together.

Mr. Boss Sun has activated almost all his connections.

Within Songhai City alone, the first group of 17 experts was quickly assembled.

These are all Taishan and Beidou-level figures in the world of cultivation medicine.

Outside Songhai City, more experts from other places were invited. Anyone with free hands was called.

That night, Mr. Boss Sun launched twenty private immortal ships under the group, which were specially responsible for picking up and dropping off experts from other cities.

This movement was so huge that it was unprecedented.

The conference room on the top floor. Picture projected on the big screen.

On the left is Sun Rong lying in the medical cabin.

The girl's face was rosy. She closed her eyes quietly. She looked very peaceful. She didn't look sick at all.

On the right side of the screen are real-time monitoring data from the medical cabin and scan results of the internal environment.

The experts present frowned, pushed up their glasses, and stared deeply at the densely packed data panels in front of them.

Mr. Boss Sun was sitting in the center of the conference room. He crossed his fingers and said very nervously: "You are all the Big Dippers in the medical field. I don't know what everyone here has to say about my granddaughter..."

In one night, Mr. Boss Sun seemed to have aged a lot.

He had just used up his family's strength to help the front line and assist in investigating the "Void Invasion".

Unexpectedly, after the void incident ended, there would be another wave.

Next to him, Liu Ping, the director of the military hospital, said: "Everyone has seen the current situation. Miss Sun has no obvious external or internal injuries. Her face is calm and her breathing is smooth."

"However, for some unknown reason, Ms. Sun's heartbeat and brain wave activity would stop abnormally, and then gradually recover...At first, the attacks occurred every one hour. Now the onset time is getting shorter and shorter. As of now Judging from the observation data, Miss Sun may be suffering from a neurological disease."

At this time, Dean Liu Ping turned his attention to an old doctor with gray hair and beard and a mole on his chin: "Dr. Zhao, you are an expert in cultivation neurology in China."

"Back then, a Soul Formation cultivator was in love with a Foundation Building cultivator. As a result, due to the difference in strength, when the two were kissing, the Soul Formation master used too much force and sucked the tongue of the Foundation Building cultivator. Out...

"If it hadn't been for Dr. Zhao's nerve-wracking efforts to turn the tide, this female nun would have lost her tongue forever. Regarding this disease, please tell me your opinion first."

Dr. Zhao turned the pen in his hand and shook his head helplessly: "I have tested Miss Sun's nerves. Everything is stable. It does not look like a sick person at all. I have been practicing medicine for hundreds of years and have never seen such symptoms."

At this point, Dr. Zhao turned his attention to a slightly rich female doctor and said: "Dr. Qian is a famous gynecological surgeon. He used only a scalpel to cut into the Nascent Soul stage. He took out the fetus that had a physical conflict with the Nascent Soul in the nun's belly...I don't know. From the perspective of a gynecologist, how does Dr. Qian view this matter?"

"There is no need to mention what happened back then."

Dr. Qian smiled modestly: "I have fully understood Miss Sun's condition and believe that the disease Miss Sun suffers from is not a gynecological disease."

"I have come across tens of thousands of strange gynecological cases over the years. But they are all caused by the unclean lifestyle of female cultivators. Miss Sun Rong has always been clean and tidy, which further rules out gynecological diseases. possibility."

The female doctor named Qian sighed slightly.

At this time, she turned her gaze to Boss Sun: "I don't know. Is Mr. Sun hiding something?"

Hearing this, Mr. Boss Sun's hole shrank.

He indeed hid something about the "Yin Yang Death Tribulation".

As early as the time when Sun Rong came to the hospital for examination after the Jiulong Mountain Competition, he had already found countless fortune tellers to calculate the curse.

However, no one has deduced that Sun Rong was cursed...

But if this matter is related to the "Yin and Yang Death Tribulation".

Then the only way is to find the person who cast the curse and solve the problem from the root.

And if we tell the whole story here, if this matter spreads, it will undoubtedly be an attempt to alert the enemy.

Mr. Boss Sun could not imagine the consequences.

In the daze, Jiang Xiaoche who was standing next to him suddenly listened and muttered softly: "Lord Diu Lei, please see me. He is already waiting in another conference room."

"I know. I'll go right away."

Boss Sun nodded.

"I'm sorry. Everyone."

Then, Mr. Boss Sun stood up and faced the doctors. He bowed deeply and said, "I would like to ask you all to work together to find out the cause and save my granddaughter..."

...

He stood up and left the meeting room. Boss Sun's expression was obviously melancholy.

He didn't know if he was right to conceal the "Yin Yang Death Tribulation".

I don’t even know if Lord Diu Lei can bring him any new opportunities.

Although no evidence was found, he still firmly believed that this matter must be related to the "Yin Yang Death Tribulation".

"Mr. Sun, please stay."

Just when Mr. Boss Sun was about to meet Lord Diu Lei, a female doctor walked out of the Number 1 conference room quickly.

Mr. Boss Sun took a look at the identity plate on the female doctor's chest. He saw the word "Liu Min" written on it.

The origin of this female doctor suddenly came to mind.

He remembered that Dr. Liu Min was an expert in respiratory medicine.

"Dr. Liu, do you have anything to say?" Boss Sun asked.

"I think this matter cannot be solved from a medical perspective."

Dr. Liu said: "I'll make a long story short. I treated a boy more than ten years ago. This boy also had unexplained fever. The fever didn't go away. But no symptoms were found. I became suspicious. This boy might be... He's been cursed."

"But the experts from the Curse Relief Department have also consulted. They didn't see the problem either." Boss Sun's haggard face showed a bit of despair.

"There are all kinds of strange spells and powerful spells. Even experts may not be able to see them. Let's take the boy who came to me for treatment as an example. Our hospital did not have a curse-breaking department at that time. But later this matter came to my attention. With the recommendation, it was properly resolved." Dr. Liu Min said.

"How to solve it?"

"I don't know. Mr. Sun, have you ever heard of a Zen master named Jin Deng?"

...

PS: (For a review of Zen Master Jin Deng’s past. Please see Chapter 968 {The origin of Chen Chao’s opening of the mouth})





Chapter 1264 That man is here again!


Songhai City. Qixing First Military Medical Hospital.

Lord Diu Lei and Boss Sun are having secret talks.

After the Void Invasion incident, the relationship between the Huaguo Shui Lian Group and the Office of Strategic Deception became closer.

"Have you ever seen the clues about my granddaughter with your true master's strength?"

Boss Sun asked with great hope: "The True Lord is already the number one True Venerated Immortal in the world. His strength is extraordinary. If the True Lord is helpless... I really can't think of anyone else who can help me."

Lord Diu Lei smiled bitterly in his heart.

With his little strength, he probably wouldn't be able to survive even two slaps in front of his brother-in-law.

No. Two palms are too much.

Just a slap...

However, he has an agreement with Wang Ling. His identity will never be revealed.

So in front of Sun Yiyuan, he will not mention anything about Wang Ling.

In Lord Diu Lei's view, Sun Rong can definitely get better. Even if someone casts a curse on Sun Rong, the person standing behind Sun Rong now is the strongest man in the universe.

"Ms. Sun's symptoms are indeed strange. I didn't notice anything unusual." Faced with the question, Lord Diu Lei shook his head slightly.

Before he decided to meet Sun Yiyuan, he had already used the King's Eyes of Wang Ling to investigate.

King's Eyes didn't find anything unusual. He even used the ability to cleanse his eyes.

If it is really a curse, there is no spell in the world that can avoid the purification effect of the eyes.

Lord Diu Lei had already seen the power of the Pure Eye when Keorn was arrested by the First Prison of Songhai.

Seven True Immortal levels of curse power were completely disintegrated in an instant.

"Then it seems that for the present plan, we have to turn a dead horse into a living doctor..." Mr. Boss Sun's brows furrowed tightly.

He thought of the "Master Jin Deng" recommended to him by Dr. Liu Min. But he didn't know whether this person was reliable or not.

"Have you ever heard of a Zen master named Jin Deng?" At this time, Mr. Boss Sun asked.

"Never heard of it." Lord Diu Lei shook his head.

"A doctor Liu recommended this old Zen master. He said that my family Rongrong is ill. Maybe this old Zen master can do something about it."

"There is no other way at the moment. Maybe you can try it."

Lord Diu Lei nodded slightly and said: "But I still have a question. That is about the Yin and Yang death calamity..."

When Sun Yiyuan heard this, his pupils trembled: "How did the True Lord know about this!?"

"Don't worry, Mr. Sun. I am the only one who knows about this matter. If I don't even know about this matter, then wouldn't I, the world's number one True Venerated Immortal., be just a bastard?" Lord Diu Lei laughed at himself. .

Because he does seem to be a gangster... Ever since he followed Wang Ling, he has mixed up everything.

Otherwise, according to the normal training process, he will still have to develop for a long time!

As for the Yin-Yang Death Tribulation, it was actually Wang Ling who told him.

Lord Diu Lei: "I just want to ask, where is the senior who deduced the yin and yang death calamity now? The person who untied the bell must also tie the bell. Maybe he can find a solution for Miss Sun's matter."

"There is nothing we can do."

Mr. Boss Sun shook his head helplessly: "As far as I know, this person is no longer alive..."

"He's no longer in this world..." Lord Diu Lei was surprised.

If the person died recently, maybe Wang Ling can use resurrection spells to directly "reincarnate" the person.

For example, Warden Liang was rescued after the Void Incident.

But now it sounds like the senior fortune teller may have passed away a long time ago. Even the ashes have flown to nowhere... In this case, the resurrection technique cannot be locked to a specific person, so it is completely useless. .

At this time, Sun Yiyuan looked at Lord Diu Lei: "Here at the hospital, I have to receive experts from other cities. So, I have a heartfelt request..."

Lord Diu Lei understood instantly: "I know what Mr. Sun wants to say. Does Mr. Sun want me to find out the truth about Zen Master Jin Deng?"

"That's right." Sun Yiyuan bowed.

"Don't worry, Mr. Sun. I will do my best." Lord Diu Lei assured.

"good!"

Mr. Boss Sun was extremely moved: "From now on, Mr. Zhenjun, don't call me husband. From now on, we will treat each other as brothers! Everything will be done to Brother Diu Lei!"

"Brother Sun, don't worry. It's just a matter of words. It's my duty to do so." Lord Diu Lei said, cupping his fists.

He knows it very well.

This gang is not only helping Sun Yiyuan. In fact, they are also helping Wang Ling.

In order to save Sun Rong's life, his brother's hand has not stopped since the morning...

Without further ado, Lord Diu Lei decided to set off immediately.

This is a race against time.

The death talisman is consumed faster and faster.

If the situation is allowed to develop, it will probably become one picture per second in the end.

...

On the other side. In the Wang family's villa. Wang Ling's body mechanically draws Talisman.

The death talismans were quickly produced one after another. Then they were placed neatly aside.

These talismans are consumed over time according to the order of production...

The table, floor, and bed were all covered with death talismans.

All the spirits in the Wang family villa were mobilized.

Lord Ma is responsible for the remote transmission of talisman papers. Zhen Immortal and Bed Immortal are responsible for maintaining order on site and sorting out the talisman papers that have been drawn...

Er Ha stared at the man in front of him who was painting Talisman with fascination. He was also shocked in his heart...

When Little Master Lingzi does his homework, he is not so serious!

If you rate the level of seriousness. Wang Ling in making Talisman should have reached level 4 of seriousness!

This is already a very high level!

Because the highest level is only level 5!

And level 5 will only appear when he, Little Master Ling, eats crispy noodles!

In fact.

Wang Ling is now in an out-of-body state.

He used muscle memory to set up his body so that it would repeat the movements of Talisman over and over again.

It's like a human-shaped printer.

However, this operation requires someone to assist you.

So Er Ha can't leave at all now. Because he has to keep delivering talismans to Wang Ling...

...

Heavenly Dao Committee. The soul body of Wang Ling came here after leaving the body.

Because he wants to find someone.

He hasn't officially entered the Heavenly Dao conference room yet. The table god in the conference room was instantly frightened.

"Shit! He's here again!!!" The last time this man just asked "Where is Heavenly Dao" three times from below, it overturned his entire Heavenly Dao conference table!

Now I'm in heaven again...it's obvious that the person who came here is evil!

"Everyone, I'll take the first step..."

The table god had a premonition that something was not going to happen, so he ran away again. He was afraid that Wang Ling would slap himself in half with his palm.

The rest of Heavenly Dao trembled. Because the scene in front of him was too familiar: "What happened to him...Why is he so angry..."

"No! He's aiming at me!"

At this time, Heavenly Dao felt like the hairs on his body were standing on end.

When he came to his senses, he already felt the man holding a mahogany sword on his neck.

Just a moment. Death on Heavenly Dao's head.

A huge word "danger" suddenly appeared...





Chapter 1265 Sun Rong. Exit group chat


Being put on the neck by Wang Ling with a mahogany sword. Death Heavenly Dao felt very wronged.

As one of the six lords Heavenly Dao. Death Heavenly Dao believes that he has always adhered to his duty as an envoy of Heavenly Dao.

He works conscientiously! He even works under the 996 system! He doesn't even dare to complain when he works overtime...

Every time a person dies on the earth, he has to write down the person's name, summarize the person's life experience, and then discuss the person's reincarnation.

People who have accumulated good deeds and performed good deeds in daily life. Deathly Heavenly Dao will decide where appropriate to let the souls of these deceased rest in peace as soon as possible. Find a good home for them to enter reincarnation as soon as possible.

If you are a person who commits many evil deeds and violates laws and disciplines, then there is a great possibility that you will not be able to be a human being in your next life. Even if you become a human being, your start will be a bad start.

But Heavenly Dao never expected that one day it would be his turn to be "bad"...

His heart is like a mirror. If he can't calm down the anger of the man behind him, he might really burst into pieces!

At this time, Death Heavenly Dao was threatened. The other Heavenly Dao were also trembling.

They have seen the power of this mahogany sword before.

One sword strike. I'm afraid the entire heaven will collapse...

"What happened?"

"What else can happen..." Heavenly Dao winked crazily.

Just when Heavenly Dao looked confused, as a good brother, he already had a general understanding of the situation in the lower realm.

Among the six Lords Heavenly Dao, Life Heavenly Dao and Death Heavenly Dao are the only twin brothers. They are also collectively called "Life and Death Heavenly Dao".

So. Although there are only six positions in the main Heavenly Dao, there are actually seven people.

This is what the legend says: There are seven meanings in the world.

"Zhenren, don't be angry. If you have anything to say, we can discuss it..."

Death is a younger brother. Now the younger brother is in trouble. As an older brother, Heavenly Dao naturally has to come out to help smooth things over.

He already knows the reason why Wang Ling is so angry.

After all, it was just to save a girl. I kept drawing scapegoats. I didn’t even have time to eat crispy noodles...

"Check it out quickly. What is going on with this Sun Rong girl! As Death Heavenly Dao, how can you be so negligent and slack..." Survival Heavenly Dao reprimanded while crazily winking at Death Heavenly Dao.

Their Heavenly Dao little Golden Men are covered in Dharma light. Normally, their expressions are invisible. However, after getting along with each other for a long time, they can still distinguish each other.

Death and survival are twin brothers. There is no doubt that they are in harmony.

"Zhenren, be patient. I'm going to find out what's going on." Heavenly Dao turned his back and bowed respectfully to Wang Ling. Then he took out a strange-looking machine from his crotch. Incomparable golden orb.

He gently touched the magic ball with his hands. Then a screen was immediately projected into the void.

What is displayed on the screen is a chat group for the dead.

This is a chat group used by Heavenly Dao to register the deceased. The souls of all the deceased are pulled into such a group. The maximum number of people in each group is 2,000.

Heavenly Dao is the total group leader of all groups.

There are no less than a trillion chat groups for dead people like this within his jurisdiction alone.

DeathHeavenly Dao quickly retrieves the information of Sun Rong.

As a result, records related to Sun Rong were found in one of the groups he was in charge of...

"Ling Zhenren, look. This is the chat history...it's all here..." Death Heavenly Dao retrieved all the parts related to Sun Rong.

Then Wang Ling saw what happened after Sun Rong joined the chat group of the deceased.

Around noon on November 27th.

[System prompt: The new deceased Sun Rong. has joined the group chat]

In the chat group of the dead. A girl joined the group chat. The other dead were actually a little excited.

"Why is a girl here?"

"Hey. She is only 16 years old...so young..."

"What a pity. Why did you come here at the age of 16?"

In the chat group, everyone sighed.

They were trying to find out about the girl.

Then the system prompt came again [New deceased Sun Rong. Has exited the group chat]

"..."

Seeing this. Wang Ling was silent for a moment.

He speculated that exiting the group chat should be the time point when the first "death talisman" officially takes effect.

Seeing Sun Rong withdraw from the group. The dead in the group were collectively shocked!

"What the hell? Can you still withdraw from the group?"

"What the hell...can you leave the group after joining it? Is this a scam?"

"Oh no! Why can she leave the group chat! I want to leave the group chat too! Woohoo!"

Many deceased people complained in the group.

In a crowd of 2,000 people, there are always people who die without fulfilling their wishes and with regrets.

The reason why Heavenly Dao established this group is to appease the souls of the deceased.

His original intention was to let the dead calm down by communicating with each other, complaining, and comparing their misfortunes.

Therefore, the specific method of allocating people into groups is based on the calculation results of big data.

The death system will continue to allow people with worse life experiences to join the group, thereby allowing the souls of the last person to join the group to be comforted.

Sun Rong. A sixteen-year-old girl in her prime. Died under unknown circumstances...

So young. Of course, Death Heavenly Dao's system would judge him to be a very tragic character.

So. Sun Rong was pulled into a chat group.

And sure enough, after seeing the age of Sun Rong, the deceased who had already joined the group fell silent one after another.

Sun Rong is too young.

This is just a 16-year-old girl...

However, these deceased people did not have time to sigh and appease Sun Rong. Sun Rong directly exited the group chat.

During that time, there was a brief riot in the group.

Many deceased people began to think that Sun Rong was a related household.

The emotional reactions of the deceased were intense.

Fortunately, the appearance of Sun Rong was just a small incident. The matter was quickly revealed.

But what none of the dead expected was...

Just an hour later. Sun Rong actually entered the group chat again.

[System prompt: The new deceased Sun Rong. has joined the group chat]

...

Everyone: "..."

"What's going on? He's in again?"

"It's like lying on your back and getting up in the coffin... What's going on with this girl? It's so evil!"

"Oh my god. Are our group so undignified now? Wasn't it created by Death Heavenly Dao?"

The dead began to wonder about Sun Rong's identity.

However, they were the same as an hour ago. Before they had time to ask, the system prompt that Sun Rong had left the group appeared again...

"Brother...what exactly is going on?"

This scene made even Heavenly Dao look confused.

"You are Death Heavenly Dao. How do I know what's going on!" Survival Heavenly Dao holds his forehead.

The situation is indeed somewhat beyond their understanding.

In less than 24 hours.

Sun Rong has joined and left the group more than a dozen times.

She herself was fine.

It directly broke the mentality of other people who died in the group!

There has never been a single person who could come in and out of the chat group of the dead created by Heavenly Dao...

Moreover, the frequency of system prompts is getting faster and faster.

Heavenly Dao speculates that it won't take long for death. The system prompts will refresh the screen!





Chapter 1266 Heavenly Dao Lower Realm


Death Heavenly Dao never thought that the situation would turn out like this... He has been in charge of Death Heavenly Dao for so long. People like him can come in and out of the chat group of the dead at will. There is no one else except Dao Ancestor Wang.

After Dao Ancestor Wang created them, in order to make his cultivation life more colorful, he often used the pseudonym of a man named "Agui" to sneak into the chat groups of the dead, disguise himself as the dead and talk to the dead.

Experience for yourself the lives of these deceased people. Elevate your understanding of "Dao".

To put it bluntly, it means taking materials.

"Ling Zhenren. This matter is so strange. Even I am a little confused."

Death Heavenly Dao wiped his sweat and lowered his head and said. He did not dare to look directly into the eyes of Wang Ling: "It stands to reason that after the death of a cultivator in the lower realm, after the death of the Heavenly Dao death system, Heavenly Dao will send a special person in charge. The charming little Golden Men collected the souls of the deceased into the Heavenly Dao soul library. They were eventually distributed according to the system. The souls of the deceased were pulled into the chat group of the deceased..."

"Did those seductive Golden Men make a mistake in their work? Go check it out quickly! You are so careless. Are you still qualified to be the leader of Heavenly Dao?" Survival Heavenly Dao scolded on the side.

On the surface, he was scolding him, but in his heart, Heavenly Dao was extremely panicked.

If the two brothers don't handle this matter well, I'm afraid their position as the main messenger of Heavenly Dao will come to an end... I'm afraid they will be replaced by the recently promoted snack Heavenly Dao.

At this time, Heavenly Dao, the owner of the other positions, remained silent.

At this time, they didn't dare to interfere in the matter at all. Every injustice has its own debtor, and the best choice is to keep silent.

Death Heavenly Dao was sweating nervously. He turned the golden ball in his hand. Investigate the seduction record of Sun Rong.

The result was once again beyond his expectation.

"How is this possible!"

Heavenly Dao screamed as if he had seen something horrific. His legs suddenly became weak.

"What exactly is going on?" Heavenly Dao saw this and quickly put his hand on the magic ball.

When the seduction record appeared in his mind, Heavenly Dao was also shocked: "This...there is no record?"

As soon as he finished speaking, the other Heavenly Dao finally couldn't sit still.

This matter is extremely weird!

"There is no record? How is this possible?" Time Heavenly Dao spoke first.

It stands to reason that the little Golden Men responsible for seducing people cannot make such a low-level mistake.

So. In the absence of the little Golden Men seducing the soul of Sun Rong from the lower realm.

A surprising question arises...

Who seduced Sun Rong's soul?

Suppose he was seduced by an outsider. Then why could this seducer bring Sun Rong's soul to the Heavenly Dao soul vault...

These questions entangled other Heavenly Dao. The surrounding atmosphere instantly became tense.

Now they thought of a very terrifying thing.

That is the heaven where Heavenly Dao is located. It may be being invaded by foreign objects!

At this time, the other envoys from Heavenly Dao finally realized the seriousness of the problem.

"Investigate! This matter must be investigated to the end!" Power Heavenly Dao spoke first: "If Heaven is being invaded, we can't deny it! Space. Don't you have anything to say? You have surveillance on all spaces in Heaven. ."

"Invasion..."

Space Heavenly Dao frowned: "But I didn't feel anything strange. All Heavenly Dao Golden Men in space are operating in an orderly manner."

"What on earth is going on? Is there a traitor among us?"

Power Space held the table with both hands. Then he turned his gaze to Soul Heavenly Dao: "Soul. You don't feel anything unusual either?"

The soul Heavenly Dao sighed slightly: "Although I am the soul Heavenly Dao, I am not responsible for the things that enchant the souls. I only conduct the final judgment and appeal work on the souls of those who have committed evil deeds. The rest. I Don't care at all."

Wang Ling also knows about this matter.

The meaning of the soul Heavenly Dao's existence is more like an arbiter. And the ability is "torture from the soul".

If those who have made mistakes can withstand the torture of their souls, it proves that they have repented from the bottom of their hearts.

It shows that these people have not lost their conscience and still have the opportunity to start a new life.

And for these people, even if they have made mistakes, the soul Heavenly Dao will make the final decision. They will be given a lighter sentence based on the results of the soul torture.

As for those who did not survive the soul torture phase, most were sent to the animal realm...

"Ling Zhenren. You have also seen it. This matter is very strange... In heaven, we must thoroughly investigate this matter. We will definitely find out who is repeatedly seducing Miss Sun's soul." Heavenly Dao said to Wang Ling Zuo Yi said.

Then. Wang Ling waited for about ten seconds. After the six major leaders of the Heavenly Dao Committee, Heavenly Dao, discussed together.

Represented by the death Heavenly Dao. Finally, Wang Ling was given a preliminary plan: "Ling Zhenren. Let's do this... I will go down to the world in person. Hibernate next to Miss Sun Rong. If the person coming is Heavenly The seductive little Golden Men in Dao. With my authority, I can definitely stop them easily."

Death Heavenly Dao kept wiping his sweat: "Ling Zhenren, don't worry. I am fully responsible for this matter. I believe it will be resolved soon... As for the death talisman. My brother lives in the lower realm of Heavenly Dao. Help Ling Zhenren draw it. My brother Although his cultivation level is far inferior to that of Ling Zhenren. But if his survival seal is added to the death talisman, the effect of this death talisman can barely reach the length of Ling Zhenren..."

The Great Seal of Survival?

Wang Ling nodded. He knew the origin of this seal.

The six main themes of Heavenly Dao all have exclusive magic weapons specially created by Dao Ancestor Wang.

The level of these Heavenly Dao magic weapons is even higher than that of the opposite world magic weapons. Their power is astonishing.

"Then. Do as you say."

Wang Ling thought for a while and finally agreed to the plan proposed by the Heavenly Dao Committee.

Mainly because he really felt that the whole thing was weird.

This Heavenly Dao is a seductress sent by the little Golden Men.

Without any record of seducing souls, it can easily sequester the soul of Sun Rong into the Heavenly Dao soul vault.

As for this matter, not one of the six leaders of the Heavenly Dao Committee, Heavenly Dao, was aware of it.

Yin and Yang Death Tribulation...

What the hell is this?

"Zhenren. We two brothers are ready."

At this time, the two twin brothers, Life and Death Heavenly Dao, said in unison.

Wang Ling turned his gaze away and found that the two of them had already put on human skin coats.

This is Heavenly Dao's special disguise when in the nether world.

Their essence is still little Golden Men.

And this human skin coat can completely cover up their Heavenly Dao aura.

This human leather coat was also the masterpiece of Dao Ancestor Wang.

The uncanny craftsmanship is truly amazing.

At this time, the two brothers Heavenly Dao, life and death, stood in front of Wang Ling.

Their human appearance is very young. They are tall and handsome, with bright eyes and fair skin. The two brothers are wearing denim overalls. They look like young people.

The way to distinguish them is the golden word Heavenly Dao between their eyebrows.

One life, one death.

The Heavenly Dao text between the eyebrows cannot be seen by any outsider except Wang Ling.

At this time, Heavenly Dao clasped his fists and said respectfully to Wang Ling: "Ling Zhenren. We can go down to the lower realm at any time. However, my two brothers currently have no status in the lower realm. This requires Ling Zhenren's help. Help."

Wang Ling nodded.

This is not the first time he has helped someone get their ID card.

Just leave everything to Zhuo Yi.





Chapter 1267 A small and ruined temple in a remote area


It is not uncommon for Heavenly Dao messengers to travel to the lower world. In fact, every year there are messengers transformed from Heavenly Dao little Golden Men into the human world to inspect.

However, these inspections are relatively free. Any Heavenly Dao Golden Men who have ideas can submit application materials to the Heavenly Dao Committee. After passing the review, they can go to the next level.

Heavenly Dao, the main character, is usually busy with official duties. The number of visits to the lower realm is relatively small.

And this time, the brothers Heavenly Dao went to the lower world especially for one person. This is really the first time.

At the entrance of the Wang family villa. Zhuo Yi has been waiting for a long time.

Seeing Death, Heavenly Dao walked out of the door. Zhuo Yi quickly clasped his fists: "I have seen Lord Death..."

"My brother and I look exactly the same. With your level of strength, how can you tell it's mine?" Death Heavenly Dao was very curious.

Zhuo Yi said with a bright face: "It's Master. He gave me permission to receive you two adults."

"Permissions..." Death Heavenly Dao immediately understood.

I'm afraid this is the role of the {Great Sharing Technique} in Heavenly Dao.

There is a branch of this spell called {Knight Contract}, which binds the designated person, thereby allowing the other person to gain part of his power.

Now. Zhuo Yi was sent out by Wang Ling to do something. He has given Zhuo Yi part of the authority of the other King's Eyes to share.

However, this authority is only used to distinguish the brothers Heavenly Dao from life to death.

Zhuo Yi currently has too much strength. Too many permissions have been granted. The body can easily fall into overload.

Lead the dead Heavenly Dao on the way to the hospital where Sun Rong is.

Zhuo Yi handed the prepared identity document to Death Heavenly Dao.

"Lord Death. Here are your credentials."

The names above. One is Wang Sheng and the other is Wang Shi. They are very simple and crude.

When entering the name, the police officer responsible for registering the identity information was also surprised.

The king is dead...

There are still people with such unlucky names!

"I knew my name would be talked about." Heavenly Dao muttered. He accepted his ID card.

He picked up his brother's ID card and threw it out of the window. The ID card immediately turned into a golden light and flew towards the location of "Wang Sheng".

"Well. How does Lord Death know what I'm thinking..."

"Nonsense. I am Heavenly Dao!"

"oh..."

"Actually, I also think this name is unlucky. Even if it has a homophonic sound, it's fine. But it's done. So forget it." Death Heavenly Dao sighed.

As Death Heavenly Dao. In fact, he does not shy away from death at all.

In the past, when I went to the lower realm, I always used the pseudonym "Wang Shi".

But this time after Wang Ling put a sword on his neck. Death Heavenly Dao finally felt the fear of death...

As expected, there is still something to pay attention to when it comes to naming!

"How is Miss Sun's current situation?" Death Heavenly Dao asked.

"Same as before. The condition keeps coming back and forth. The heartbeat keeps stopping..."

Zhuo Yi answered truthfully: "There are about forty expert teams gathered in the hospital now. They are all discussing countermeasures."

"I can't find the reason. What's the use of getting together. This is not a group fight."

Heavenly Dao sat in the passenger seat and hummed: "I'll sit next to Miss Sun's bed later! I want to see who the hell dares to do something in front of me."

Zhuo Yi: "..."

Heavenly Dao used foul language. This should be unprecedented.

However, it is not entirely unreasonable for Heavenly Dao to be so excited about death.

Zhuo Yi understands this feeling very well.

After all, people will always gain new insights into themselves after experiencing the danger of death.

And obviously. The same is true for Heavenly Dao.

...

A small village in the southern suburbs of Songhai!

The dusty Spirit Bus drove through the rugged concrete road. A cloud of dust was thrown up in the violent tremors.

Nantian Village Spirit Bus Station. This old Spirit Bus finally stopped at the roadside. A handsome man with long hair reaching his waist got off the bus. He was dressed in white and had beautiful hair. He was really Lord Diu Lei himself.

The clothes you wear when going out are far less formal than when you were in the sect.

Considering that what I want to see is a Zen monk.

So Lord Diu Lei deliberately chose such an extremely simple-looking outfit.

Nantian Village belongs to the air control area. There is a huge shipyard nearby. Countless airborne immortal ships pass by every day.

Therefore, when there is a flight ban, Lord Diu Lei can only come by Spirit Bus.

Master Jin Deng?

Lord Diu Lei recalled this Dharma name carefully and confirmed that he had never heard it before.

Based on his experience in the world of cultivation, if there really is such a hidden and strange person, Diu Lei feels that he will not know about it.

And on the way, he even asked many friends.

The result is the same. No one has heard of the name "Jin Deng".

"I hope this trip will be fruitful." Lord Diu Lei thought to himself.

According to the address provided by Dr. Liu Min, Lord Diu Lei officially entered Nantian Village to look for clues about Zen Master Jin Deng.

At the entrance of the village, an old man with his shirt exposed was playing chess alone.

He was smoking a cigarette. One person played four roles, fighting each other. He was very involved.

Looking at it from a distance, Lord Diu Lei thought he had met some divine being.

Then I walked over and saw that this old man was actually playing Ludo by himself...

"Sir..." Lord Diu Lei asked tentatively.

The old man glanced at Lord Diu Lei and replied: "Jungle? I haven't been in the jungle for a long time. My teammates are too weak. I can't even lead them in the jungle."

Helpless. Lord Diu Lei had to ask the key point: "How to get to Kaiguang Temple?"

The old man was furious: "Shitless pants? I'm a lot older. Why should I wear crotchless pants? Young man, don't make fun of your uncle!"

Lord Diu Lei supports his forehead.

He didn't expect that as soon as he entered the village, he would meet an "empty-eared demon"...

Lord Diu Lei shook his head in disappointment. He planned to go into the village to find other villagers for clues.

I heard the old man behind him suddenly say as if his ears were healed again: "If you are going to Kaiguang Temple, go straight in for 800 meters. It is the broken house on the right."

"Thank you sir."

Lord Diu Lei hugged his fists and walked away.

According to the instructions of the uncle Kong'er at the door, he successfully found the broken house that the uncle mentioned.

The wooden temple door has several rivets missing. There is even a gap on the door. Through the gap, you can see the inside of the temple.

Lord Diu Lei just wanted to knock on the door.

Then I heard an old voice coming from inside.

"The True Lord has come to visit. The small temple is in full bloom. The door is open. True Lord, please come in and talk."

Lord Diu Lei was startled by this sound.

It seems that Zen Master Jin Deng in the monastery had expected his arrival a long time ago?

He was amazed at the power of this Zen master. He was about to open the door and go in. But he felt that the seemingly shabby door was extremely heavy!

I only use one hand. I can't push it at all!

At this time, laughter came from the door again: "I forgot to tell Zhenjun. You have to push the door a little harder. This door has also been opened."





Chapter 1268 The Miraculous Zen Master Jin Deng


At this moment, the surprise in Lord Diu Lei's heart cannot be described in words.

He is in the realm of True Venerated Immortal. Although he got to this realm by eating Heavenly Dao broccoli inspired by your brother, his current strength has indeed reached an otherworldly level.

As far as cultivators on earth are concerned, his current combat power is only inferior to that of Zhen Yuan immortal...

But what surprised him was...

My own True Venerated Immortal realm.

In addition, he has the hand speed and explosive power accumulated from being single for more than 2,000 years.

Even with his dominant hand, he couldn't even move the gate of Kaiguang Temple even half an inch.

"This Zen Master Jin Deng is indeed an extraordinary person..."

Lord Diu Lei thought secretly.

On the way to Kaiguang Temple, he had always had doubts about the identity of Master Jin Deng.

After all, there are so many charlatans these days.

And the hypocrites who defraud money and sex in the name of religion are even more rampant.

Jin Deng.

A Dharma title that I have never heard before.

Lord Diu Lei thought he was not a big deal.

But. He now realizes that he was wrong.

And Lord Diu Lei understood instantly. The gate of Kaiguang Temple was probably a test for himself by Zen Master Jin Deng.

If I can't push through the temple gate, I'm afraid this career will be in vain.

There was no other way. Lord Diu Lei had to look serious.

He took a breath.

The next moment, Lord Diu Lei's palm was shining brightly.

The azure pure aura was like a layer of coating, firmly wrapped in his palm.

This slap was not slapped casually by Lord Diu Lei.

Since he was seeking an audience with a Buddhist Zen master, Lord Diu Lei naturally had to show his own attitude.

The experience he accumulated from traveling around the world was of great help at this moment.

It is precisely for this reason that even though Lord Diu Lei is not a disciple of Buddhism, he can rely on the experience he has accumulated from everywhere to display the unique skills of various sects.

And now. What Lord Diu Lei has sacrificed.

It was the {Great Compassion Palm} that he learned from an eminent Shaolin monk.

This is a water-based palm technique. It emphasizes the soft power of moistening things silently, like the spring breeze turning into rain.

It looks like a soft palm. It is very confusing.

But when it really falls, it will produce explosive power!

This palm of Lord Diu Lei has been practiced to great perfection.

The power of nourishment that is friendly to all things emanates from his palm, causing the flowers and plants in the nearby mud cracks to grow rapidly at a speed visible to the naked eye.

Even the tree in the temple was affected by the fluctuation of this palm. The tall branches suddenly grew horizontally and stretched out outside the temple.

And just when Lord Diu Lei was about to take action.

Inside the temple, Zen Master Jin Deng's voice came again: "Zhenjun, please come in. You can hold this door of my temple down. I'm afraid you won't be able to take it."

"Yes."

Lord Diu Lei bowed at the door. He quickly withdrew his palm.

At the same time, he saw that the gate of Kaiguang Temple had slowly opened.

This temple is very small. Lord Diu Lei saw no one else. There is a copper incense burner in the atrium. Directly opposite is the Main Hall.

A monk with a ring scar on his head, wearing an old cassock, was beating wooden fish inside.

"See the Master."

Lord Diu Lei did not see the true face of Master Jin Deng.

Just look at his back from a distance at the threshold. He bends down to bow and salutes respectfully.

"You're welcome, Zhenjun. Let's go into the palace and talk." Zen Master Jin Deng smiled.

Then, Lord Diu Lei just stepped into the threshold.

In just a moment, a huge pressure came over me, making it difficult to breathe.

This floor tile...

Lord Diu Lei realized that the floor tiles he was stepping on had also been blessed by this Zen Master Jin Deng.

However, although such pressure was fierce, it did not stop Lord Diu Lei's pace.

The distance from the door to the main hall is only 20 meters. It is extremely short yet extremely far away.

Lord Diu Lei did not expect that his journey would be so difficult.

If True Immortal comes here, I'm afraid he won't be able to take a single step...

Five minutes later, Lord Diu Lei arrived in the main hall.

The pressure dissipated, making him feel as if dozens of mountains had been lifted off his body. He felt relaxed instantly.

"Have I passed the master's test?" Lord Diu Lei asked with a wry smile.

The monk in front of him was actually younger than he thought. His hair and beard were not all gray as described in the legend.

This makes Lord Diu Lei feel strange.

Dr. Liu Min clearly said that Zen Master Jin Deng is very old.

"It can't be said to be a test. Because I have known for a long time that the true king will be able to pass through my courtyard."

The monk knocked on the wooden fish and said slowly: "The Main Hall is not open to outsiders on weekdays. Those pilgrims only burn incense at the incense burner."

"Pilgrims won't feel any pressure when they step into this place?"

"Their lack of realm cannot be noticed. On the contrary, the higher the realm, the harder it is to take steps in the atrium outside the temple."

Zen Master Jin Deng smiled and said: "There are 3910 floor tiles in this temple. Each tile represents the reincarnation of a poor monk."

These words made Lord Diu Lei's pupils tremble.

A brick. Is it reincarnation?

Calculated in this way, how long has this Zen Master Jin Deng lived?

This reminded Lord Diu Lei of a person.

To have such an identity...

Could it be the founder of Heavenly Dao, Dao Ancestor Wang, the ancestor of the Wang family that Wang Zhen said?

But these are just speculations in Lord Diu Lei's mind.

He had previously suspected that Dao Ancestor Wang was Wang Ling.

However, Wang Ling denied this.

Lord Diu Lei suppressed the shock in his heart. He couldn't help but ask: "Since Master has known for a long time that I am coming, do you know why I am here..."

"Of course I know. You were asked to spy on me for the life of a girl."

"Master, please don't blame..."

"Zhenjun, there is no need to panic." Zen Master Jin Deng smiled and said, "In my thousand reincarnations, I have been spied on many times. I have long been used to it. Zhenjun is already the most polite one. When I opened the door, I was still polite. You know how to use my Buddhist palm skills to say hello."

"Master's praise..."

"The poor monk has been in this consecrated temple for many years. He has given many blessings to himself and many others. He never insists on conditions. Saving one life is better than building a seven-level pagoda. Monks and monks help, as long as it is within their ability. . It’s all as it should be.”

When Zen Master Jin Deng said this, the hand that was beating the wooden fish in his hand paused: "But this time, the poor monk has to make a condition..."

"Master, just say it doesn't matter."

"I want something from Zhenjun."

"What?"

"Eye."

"My eyes?"

Lord Diu Lei was stunned.

"No. It's the one someone gave you."





Chapter 1269: Seducing the Golden Men


He actually asked your brother to leave the King's Eyes to him...

I have to say that Zen Master Jin Deng’s words were astonishing and scared Lord Diu Lei on the spot.

He never thought that the other party would make such a condition.

On the one hand, the King's Eyes are not his. He has no right to make the decision.

And the key is, if he really hands over his King's Eyes, does Zen Master Jin Deng really have a solution?

You must know that the weirdness of this matter far exceeds anything before.

Even Brother Ling seems to be unable to come up with an effective solution for the time being.

"This matter, the true king can make a decision after discussing it with friends."

At this time, the rhythmic wooden fish sound of the Main Hall sounded again.

Zen Master Jin Deng closed his eyes slightly and looked untroubled.

Lord Diu Lei was sweating on his forehead.

Zen Master Jin Deng clearly did not put pressure on him intentionally. But now he was in a very nervous mood.

Originally, Diu Lei thought that after knowing Wang Ling, he would no longer be touched by any strange things happening in the world.

But he never thought that the Zen Master Jin Deng in front of him would give him a great sense of oppression.

And he began to become more and more curious about the identity of this hidden Zen master who had reincarnated 3910 times...

"My identity. Sooner or later, the True Lord will know it."

At this time, Zen Master Jin Deng spoke again.

Lord Diu Lei found that his "spiritual barrier" to prevent prying eyes was completely useless in front of Zen Master Jin Deng.

The monk knocked on the wooden fish without squinting. But he could clearly know what he was thinking.

"In addition, I want to remind Zhenjun one thing." After the palace was silent for a long time, Zen Master Jin Deng spoke.

"Master, please speak..."

"Time waits for no one in this matter. I have been reincarnated thousands of times. No one can be as patient as me. The poor monk can wait, but the girl cannot wait. Using a death talisman to take one's life is not a long-term solution. "

"I understand."

Lord Diu Lei bowed again.

Do you really want to give King's Eyes away?

How should he talk to brother Ling about this matter?

This has become an immediate problem again.

...

On the other side. Death Heavenly Dao arrived at the hospital successfully under the leadership of Zhuo Yi.

The hospital is heavily guarded and all the staff are busy.

When we arrived at the entrance of the hospital, Death Heavenly Dao was driving up to two seductress Golden Men sent by Heavenly Dao. They helped a kind-looking grandma step up the stairs of the hospital and come out.

This is someone who just passed away from the hospital.

Judging from the kind smile on the old woman's face, it was obvious that she left without any worries and very peacefully.

This is a person who died at the end of his life.

Death Heavenly Dao can be seen at a glance.

Moreover, the old lady has a faint Dharma light on her body.

It is a coat formed by condensing the kind thoughts in daily life. It protects the soul from the pain of cold after leaving the body.

Of course.

This scene is invisible to others.

After Zhuo Yi was granted partial sharing permissions for "King's Eyes", it was the first time I saw such a scene. I was amazed.

"Seen Lord Death!"

The little Golden Men responsible for seducing souls saw Heavenly Dao arriving in human form and bowed respectfully.

They knew that Heavenly Dao above had sent two major envoys to the lower realm to investigate about a girl.

Heavenly Dao was shocked. All the little Golden Men responsible for seduction had also held a large gathering before and counted the number of people.

Result. Not a single little Golden Men is missing.

Everyone is working diligently according to their daily plans.

"Do you have any clues?" Zhuo Yi asked as he led the dead Heavenly Dao towards Sun Rong's special care ward.

Heavenly Dao shook his head: "Honestly, I'm still confused. I don't know what happened. If only Dao Ancestor was here..."

"Is Dao Ancestor Wang immortal?"

"We have always felt that Dao Ancestor is not dead. He is just entering his own reincarnation. However, Dao Ancestor has indeed disappeared for too long. It has been ten thousand years since he established Heaven. There is no trace yet."

"You can't find it?"

"He guesses. Dao Ancestor doesn't want us to find him."

Death Heavenly Dao said: "I tell you this. This is all for Ling Zhenren's sake. If you weren't his disciple, you have no right to know."

Zhuo Yi was shocked: "What is the relationship between my master and Dao Ancestor Wang?"

Death Heavenly Dao smiled. He let it slip: "It cannot be said."

"I understand."Zhuo Yi nodded.

He knew clearly in his heart that this might be the legendary "secret that cannot be revealed".

After Wang Zhen, a group of people from the Divine Realm who decided to stay on earth to practice, Zhuo Yi also learned more about the epic of cultivation.

There are some things you can know, but knowing too much about some things is not good for you.

Zhuo Yi is full of curiosity.

But he is also a law-abiding person.

Death Heavenly Dao had reached this point, and he decided not to ask any more questions.

If there is a chance in the future.

He believed that his master would tell him personally.

But now he only needs to know Ling Zhenren and that's all.

...

"Sir, this is Miss Sun Rong's ward."

A few minutes later, the two arrived at the special care ward of Sun Rong.

The black-clad bodyguards of the Huaguo Shui Lian Group stood in front of the door. They were meticulous. They were like two door gods.

"You two, I was entrusted by Zhenjun to bring a senior to show Miss Sun the situation." Zhuo Yi said pleasantly.

Then he took out the visit card he had prepared in advance from his pocket.

This is from Mr. Boss Sun. Only insiders have it.

"Please come in." The two bodyguards looked at each other and then made way.

"Boy, besides us, has anyone else been here today?" Zhuo Yi asked again before entering the door.

One of the bodyguards sighed: "In addition to Lord Diu Lei, there are also several experts who came from other cities. But after seeing it, they all shook their heads and said that the situation is not good."

"I believe Miss Sun will recover."

Zhuo Yi clasped his fists: "The senior I invited doesn't want others to disturb him when he's seeing a doctor. Before we come out, I'd like you to close the door and prevent others from breaking in."

"Don't worry, Chief Zhuo." The two bodyguards nodded seriously.

Then he led Heavenly Dao into the ward.

Sun Rong was lying quietly in the medical cabin. The girl's sleeping face was touching.

"She is such a lucky girl. She has alarmed so many people."

Zhuo Yi looked at the girl. He smiled bitterly in his heart.

Heavenly Dao was not polite either. He sat down directly on the spot.

Zhuo Yi asked: "Lord Death Heavenly Dao. What shall we do next?"

Death Heavenly Dao crossed his arms. His face was serious: "There is nothing to do. I can only wait. I want to see who did it."

Now, the consumption rate of death talismans has increased to the level of one in half an hour.

Death Heavenly Dao calculated the time. He had a hunch that Sun Rong was not far away from the next seduction.

And about five minutes later, outside the special care ward of Sun Rong, a heavy sound of chains was heard...

This is a sound that makes people’s souls tremble involuntarily!

Zhuo Yi started to tremble uncontrollably: "Sir... this is..."

"Don't panic...the seducer is here..."

Death Heavenly Dao put his hand on Zhuo Yi's shoulder, stabilizing Zhuo Yi's mood.

At the same time, he was also extremely surprised in his heart.

The Heavenly Dao and the charming little Golden Men under him are all quality law enforcers!

But where does the hostility outside the ward come from?

"Zhuo Yi Senior?"

At this moment, Zhuo Yi was surprised to find that he heard the voice of a girl.

The soul of the girl who was lying quietly was actually affected by the chain and was forced out of her body.

The first thing she saw was Zhuo Yi and a young man wearing overalls standing beside her bed.

Death Heavenly Dao quickly stretched out his hand and pulled the girl's soul behind him, guarding it tightly like an old hen protecting its chicks.

"What on earth is going on?" The girl was full of doubts.

Because of the influence of the scapegoat, every time the girl is resurrected, she will forget the memory of the last time she was seduced.

"Sun Rong, don't worry, schoolmate. I will explain to you later. This senior and I are here to save you." Zhuo Yi looked at Sun Rong and said.

The words just fell!

Buzz!

A huge chain with a golden hook. Just ignore the door of the ward and walk through the door!

He grabbed the girl's smooth and beautiful collarbone...





Chapter 1270 Death Heavenly Dao’s exclusive magic weapon


A hook full of vicious energy came through the air. The huge pressure made people's hearts tremble.

The girl was shocked by the scene in front of her. She stood there and did not dare to move even half a step.

She saw herself lying in the medical cabin. She immediately had the answer in her heart.

"So I'm already dead?" The girl couldn't believe what she saw.

But. How did she die?

Sun Rong can't remember all this.

Zhuo Yi immediately broke the girl's thoughts: "Sun Rong Junior sister, please calm down. My master will not let you die! This senior was specially invited by my master!"

"Senior Zhuo's...master?"

Sun Rong is even more confused.

Zhuo Yi held his forehead. He was also carried away by the situation. He almost let it slip: "Well, my master was only willing to go out because of Mr. Sun's face. Other things Sun Rong school girl You will know later."

Fortunately, these words finally dispelled the girl's suspicion.

"You two just hide behind me. Don't move! Leave the rest to me!"

The situation was critical. Heavenly Dao stepped forward and directly grabbed the hook that was originally trying to lock the girl.

This hook is very accurate. If you are not present, Sun Rong's soul will 100% be pulled over.

It seems that he is already an "old Thresh".

At this point in time, the {Death Talisman} mass-produced in the Wang family's villa should have taken effect.

However, it still takes time for it to take effect.

This onset of action is usually around 2 minutes.

And what Heavenly Dao has to do is to catch the thing that seduces Sun Rong's soul within these 2 minutes!

But it's obvious that Heavenly Dao didn't realize that this seducer was so tyrannical.

He had always thought that some Heavenly Dao Golden Men fished in troubled waters and concealed the incident.

But now it seems that the origin of this seducer may be unusual.

Heavenly Dao stood firmly on the hook and pulled hard in his direction.

The "Seducer" obviously also realized that his hook fell into the hands of someone else and did not hit the target.

So the hook lock was recycled as soon as possible.

Just like that, the two forces inside and outside the ward began to compete.

In this contest, 2 minutes passed quickly.

The death talisman took effect. Sun Rong said "Hey".

Her body seemed to have generated a strong magnetic force, which directly sucked her soul in.

Zhuo Yi: "..."

At the same time, the seducer outside the ward disappeared directly. Along with the chain that missed, it turned into golden powder on the spot...

"What on earth is going on?"Zhuo Yi looked horrified.

"In short, I can be sure now... This is definitely not what our Heavenly Dao did... Now the quality of Heavenly Dao's little Golden Men is increasing year by year. Such a violent method of seducing people. It was not used a thousand years ago..." Death Heavenly Dao wiped his sweat. The unexpected encounter just now also surprised him.

Fortunately, Heavenly Dao finally figured out what was going on.

Zhuo Yi: "Sir, it's not what your Heavenly Dao calls this. It means..."

Death Heavenly Dao: "It can't be wrong! Those who were against me just now are the ancient Heavenly DaoGolden Men! They are the ancestors of our generation of Heavenly DaoGolden Men... Only the old Golden Men can have such powerful oppression. force."

"Ancient Golden Men? Where did they come from?"

"The little Golden Men of Heavenly Dao are constantly reincarnated as time goes by. The reincarnation time of each Heavenly Dao is different."

"For example, I have only been reincarnated forty-six times. Among our six main figures, Heavenly Dao, the powerful Heavenly Dao has the most reincarnations. He has been reincarnated 262 times..."

Death Heavenly Dao said: "The Heavenly Dao after reincarnation will inherit the power of the previous Heavenly Dao's little Golden Men."

"The last Heavenly Dao little Golden Men has essentially disappeared."

"So this ancient Heavenly DaoGolden Men can appear here. I also find it incredible."

Zhuo Yi: "What now?"

Death Heavenly Dao: "The breakthrough has been found. As long as we can capture this ancient Golden Men, we will know the situation once we ask. But we have to capture him. We can only use the two-minute gap when the death talisman takes effect. I just made the first round I didn’t use all my strength. I was just testing his strength. In this second round, I will definitely be able to take him down!"

Zhuo Yi understood. Nodding slightly: "That's all we can do."

Right now, they have to wait for the next sudden sudden death of the girl before they can continue their action...

And in order to ensure that he can catch this ancient Heavenly DaoGolden Men in his next action.

Death Heavenly Dao also sacrificed his own Heavenly Dao magic weapon: the Book of Immediate Death!

Zhuo Yi looked at the black-covered book. His pupils shrank: "This is..."

"That's right! This is my exclusive Heavenly Dao weapon: the Book of Immediate Death!"

"Does it mean that as long as you write your name in a book, someone will die?"

"Haha. That was the most original version. It has been upgraded now! In addition to writing the name, as long as there is anything related to that person, such as hair, nails, or used items. Clip these things to In the book! The owner of the item will die immediately! And his soul will be absorbed into the book!"

Death Heavenly Dao's plan is clear.

Later, as soon as the hook appears, he will open the "Book of Immediate Death" and put the hook into the book!

At that time, no matter what monsters and monsters are outside the door, his soul will be collected into the book!

Of course, an immediate death certificate will not work for everyone.

Heavenly Dao whitelist users. As well as the dead Heavenly Dao himself. They are all invalid objects.

After waiting for about half an hour, the sound of heavy chains was heard again outside the ward.

When the girl's soul heard the sound of the chains, she sat up in shock while dying of illness, and left her body again.

At the same time, she still can't remember what happened before...

"Zhuo Yi Senior?"

She looked surprised.

Zhuo Yi had experienced this look half an hour ago.

Zhuo Yi had no choice but to repeat what he had said before: "Sun Rong Junior sister, don't worry. I will explain to you later. This senior and I are here to save you!"

Sun Rong looked at himself on the hospital bed with an unbelievable expression: "So, am I already dead?"

"..."

Now. Zhuo Yi is found.

The scariest thing about people is not being a repeater during their lifetime.

But after death, it is still a repeater...

Zhuo YiIt is clear that now is not the time to explain the problem.

And even if I explain it clearly to the girl, if the girl returns to the physical body, this memory will still disappear.

Buzz!

Outside the ward, everything was as predicted by Death Heavenly Dao. The soul-locking hook came through the ward again!

Only this time. Death once again exceeded Heavenly Dao's expectations!

Because this time the hook lock is not one!

But three in total!

These shameless people actually went to shake people!





Chapter 1271 100% Consecration Technique


Remember in one second

Now, the death of Heavenly Dao has been confirmed. The appearance of this ancient Golden Men is definitely not due to any misunderstanding.

Obviously, this was a premeditated action.

"Outside the door. I don't know whose order you are under. But you dare to interfere with the master, Heavenly Dao. Have you thought about the consequences?" Death Heavenly Dao's voice was low.

He was already very angry. Even the suspenders on his overalls were trembling with the anger radiating from his body.

Zhuo Yi Fearing death, Heavenly Dao took out a basketball from his pocket the next second. He quickly protected Sun Rong and stepped back.

"Heaven...Tao?" Sun Rong heard a word that was extremely familiar but also felt extremely strange.

Isn't this the existence that all cultivators are eager to pursue?

So the young man standing in front of her to protect him is the incarnation of Heavenly Dao?

The girl covered her mouth in disbelief.

"There are six main messengers in Heavenly Dao. Life and death, spirit, space, time, power and soul. This one is sent by my master." Zhuo Yi explained on the side.

Sun Rong was even more surprised: "Who is the master of senior Zhuo Yi..."

Zhuo Yi was silent for a moment: "That's Wang Ling!"

Anyway, after the soul returns to the body, all memories will be cleared.

Zhuo Yi thinks it doesn’t matter if I say it now.

On the contrary, the girl's expression was not as surprised as Zhuo Yi imagined.

"So that's it. It seems...I owe my classmate Wang Ling another life."

At this moment, the girl's mood was particularly complicated.

The confusion, emotion, and surprise after hearing the name were all intertwined together.

But Sun Rong knows that now is not the time to sigh.

"You don't look that surprised."

"I should have thought of that!"

Sun Rong smiled and said: "We were attacked by the Shadow Stream Killer before. But for that memory, I always feel that the relationship between the past and the past is not connected. I once thought that there was something wrong with my memory... But why did Senior Zhuo Yi tell me this?"

"You will know later." Zhuo Yi said.

He thought it was a white lie.

If I tell the girl now, after she returns to the physical body.

The memory of this out-of-body experience will all disappear.

I'm afraid. A little cruel.

Death Heavenly Dao stood alone in front, holding only a chain.

The power of the main messenger Heavenly Dao exerted a huge advantage at this moment.

Even if the opponent is the ancient Golden Men. After all, it cannot be the opponent of Heavenly Dao.

His previous questioning was a warning. Heavenly Dao hoped that these ancient Golden Men would be reined in in time.

But now it seems that these Golden Men are here under orders from death. Negotiations are not working at all.

And now. There is not much time left for Heavenly Dao to die.

"This is the path you chose. Don't blame me for being ruthless!"

There were about forty seconds left. Heavenly Dao decided to die immediately. He put the chain in the "Death Immediate Letter".

In an instant, a shrill and shrill sound, like the screams of a resentful ghost, came from outside the ward door.

Then, these chains were quickly absorbed by the Book of Death!

Together with the ancient Golden Men who controlled the chains, they were all absorbed into the book!

Became a beautiful illustration...

Zhuo Yi looked at it in amazement.

This is definitely a masterpiece at the level of p station...

Zhuo Yi;"Is everything done?"

Death Heavenly Dao snorted: "Just a small ancient Golden Men. How dare you make a mistake in front of me."

But the matter obviously didn't end there.

"Sir, do you think the other party will send someone else?" Zhuo Yi asked.

"Definitely. They've noticed us. There was one seductress before. And now there's another one. There will definitely be more in the next wave."

Death Heavenly Dao said: "But fortunately, we have something to do now. As long as we pry open the mouth of this ancient Golden Men before the next wave of seducers arrive, we may be able to know what happened."

After that. Death Heavenly Dao plans to go and see the situation of Sun Rong.

As a result, at this time, the {Death Talisman} took effect again.

Same as before.

The girl said "Ouch" and was sucked back into her own body again...

On the other side. Zhuo Yi is typing quickly on his own.

Death Heavenly Dao asked: "What are you doing?"

"I've prepared the questions and answers that Sun Rong's junior classmate will ask when she wakes up soon... I'll save myself a while and explain them later."

"..."

Below is the interrogation of an ancient Golden Men.

Death Heavenly Dao opened the Book of Death and dropped out the spirit body of an ancient Golden Men.

Zhuo Yi looked shocked. These ancient Golden Men were too tall. One of them was as tall as one meter. More than half taller than the Heavenly Dao of Death...

"After all, they are the ancient Golden Men." Zhuo Yi looked at this scene and sighed in his heart.

He doesn't know now whether he should say that the ancient Golden Men were too well-nourished or that the current Heavenly Dao Golden Men are stunted...

And Death Heavenly Dao heard Zhuo Yi's voice and felt aggrieved.

This actually has a lot to do with food...

Like them this time, what they eat the most are the expired snacks exchanged by Wang Ling!

Damn it if you can develop well!

...

^0^ Remember in one second

On the other side, after Lord Diu Lei sent a text message to Wang Ling, Wang Ling immediately teleported to the gate of Kaiguang Temple.

Heavenly Dao is here to help produce the death talisman. And the quality is acceptable. So there is no need to worry in the short term.

At this time, Wang Ling had his trouser pockets inserted and looked at the ruined temple in front of him.

Everything Lord Diu Lei experienced in the ruined temple. He saw it all with King's Eyes.

This Zen Master Jin Deng is indeed not an ordinary person. Lord Diu Lei cannot handle it alone. So Wang Ling feels it is necessary to test it personally.

Of course. The most important thing is that Zen Master Jin Deng seems to know the ins and outs of the entire incident.

Inside the temple. Zen Master Jin Deng knocks on wooden fish.

When Wang Ling appeared at the door of the temple, he had already noticed Wang Ling's aura.

"Your friend is here." Zen Master Jin Deng smiled slightly.

Lord Diu Lei sits aside.

But the next moment, Zen Master Jin Deng made a "thud" sound and hit the wooden fish hard.

In an instant, an extremely powerful spiritual energy wave spread from the wooden fish like ripples.

All the objects in the temple, including the door, are coated with a light golden light!

"This is..."

"Poor monk, the consecration has been completed. Whether your friend can come in depends on your friend's ability."

At this time, Zen Master Jin Deng was tapping the wooden fish calmly, full of confidence.

The consecration spell for which he is famous is unrivaled in the world.

Even Dao Ancestor Wang would have to be extremely wary of his [Consecration Technique].

Zen Master Jin Deng smiled heartily.

In this world, since Dao Ancestor Wang entered the infinite reincarnation like him and disappeared.

It has been a long time since he performed this 100% consecration technique.

When Lord Diu Lei came in earlier.

He only used 5% of the consecration technique.

Zen Master Jin Deng knows it very well.

In this world, I am afraid that only the young man outside the door deserves to enjoy such treatment.

"I want to see how much effort it takes for your friend to open this door." Master Jin Deng smiled.

And the next moment, his smile quickly stiffened...

Because there was a loud "boom" at the door!

Zen Master Jin Deng didn't have time to react.

The two doors had been shattered and turned into sawdust on the ground.

Zen Master Jin Deng: "???"

At the door. Wang Ling raised his index finger and sighed slightly.

He didn't expect that he only used 1% of his finger strength. The door would break...

You know, he usually does eye exercises at school. When he presses the Jingming and Sibai points, his finger strength is 100%...





Chapter 1272 Bricks made of reincarnation and memory


He broke the door with just one finger...

The monk originally thought that he and the boy would be evenly matched opponents.

However, when he saw Wang Ling break the goal with just one finger.

The shocking feeling that made the pupils tremble. It can no longer be described in words.

Lord Diu Lei sits aside.

He never had any doubts about the young man's strength.

Brother, you are still as strong as ever...

From the time he met him to now. It's the same as always.

To be honest, when Wang Ling's fingers touched the door of the temple, he was actually a little surprised in his heart.

There has never been an opponent in this world that could make him serious.

And the Zen Master Jin Deng in the Kaiguang Temple may be one.

But after breaking the door, the hint of surprise that arose in Wang Ling's heart was immediately extinguished...

"I have heard the name of Ling Zhenren for a long time. If Ling Zhenren can successfully enter my great palace, I will tell you everything I know!" At this time, Jin Deng, who had closed his eyes and knocked on the wooden fish, finally opened his eyes. Open your own eyes.

Lord Diu Lei had never had the opportunity to meet the monk's eyes before.

Now, he saw this Zen Master Jin Deng and opened his eyes.

Those are a pair of stunning golden eyes. They seem to have the power to wash away all the bad karma in the world.

But there is one thing to say.

Lord Diu Lei felt that it was still far from the shocking feeling he had when he first saw King's Eyes.

"Swastika..." Wang Ling only saw the back of Master Jin Deng.

But he already knew that the other party had opened the "Swastika" which is known as the sage of Buddhism and Taoism.

Master Jin Deng is the sage of Buddhism. He condensed the energy of each reincarnation into his own pupils.

Now, he has gone through 3910 reincarnations.

There are 3910 pupils over there.

Now. Wang Ling seems to understand why Zen Master Jin Deng is so interested in his "King's Eyes".

This is a serious contact lens enthusiast.

This "Swastika" is the natal object that Zen Master Jin Deng is proud of.

It can wash away all malice in the world, gain insight into human reincarnation, and detect human weaknesses.

He condensed his 3910 reincarnation experiences into this small "Swastika".

And his swastika is a collection of mistakes he has made in these reincarnations, like a collection of wrong questions.

Those mistakes in decision-making in battle, mistakes in positioning...all kinds of wrong battle experiences turned into the torrent of history and gathered in the eyes of Zen Master Jin Deng. He kept these mistakes firmly in his heart.

The purpose is to avoid making mistakes in the next reincarnation.

Now. The moment Wang Ling steps into the threshold.

The "Swastika" that had not bloomed for a long time exerted its magical power at this moment.

It starts to resonate with every floor tile in the atrium!

Wang Ling stepped on the first floor tile of the atrium.

This is the pressure of Zen Master Jin Deng’s first reincarnation.

Wang Ling saw the memory fragment of the monk's first life cycle...

But this clip is just a flashback.

I only saw one person in Le. He was knocking on wooden fish...

Moreover, this close-up shot is placed on this wooden fish.

Wang Ling doesn’t understand its meaning.

He took another step forward.

Step 2. The pressure is indeed greater than before.

These floor tiles in the atrium. The further you go, the greater the pressure will be.

The samsara pressure contained in the floor tiles behind you will continue to accumulate upwards.

It is impossible for one person to accept such a huge amount of information in a short period of time.

"No matter how powerful a person is, it is impossible for him to bear the memory of thousands of reincarnations in a short period of time." Zen Master Jin Deng smiled slightly.

When Lord Diu Lei came in, it was just a formality.

Now that Wang Ling is here, he naturally receives him with the "highest standard".

Swastika. Concentrates the mental stress caused by all his reincarnations. It is spread out by these floor tiles in the atrium...

No one can withstand such terrifying power.

Lord Diu Lei looked outside the court.

Although he did not doubt the power of Wang Ling, the young man in front of him seemed to be really in trouble.

He walked step by step in the atrium. He walked very slowly...

"True Lord, if your friend refuses to admit defeat for the sake of face, you can communicate and finally convey it to the poor monk. The poor monk will not laugh." Zen Master Jin Deng looked like he was winning.

The mental pressure brought by the swastika is so great. How could he not know?

Now the young man has just walked one-tenth of the way.

This one-tenth of the road is filled with the mental pressure of 391 reincarnations!

In one reincarnation, he lived for at least a hundred years, and at most for thousands of years. Only those who have experienced this kind of pressure can truly understand. Zen Master Jin Deng sighed in his heart.

It's a pity. This young man is not Dao Ancestor Wang after all.

If it were Dao Ancestor Wang himself, it would never be so difficult.

...

Wang Ling admits. I walk really slowly.

But in fact, he didn't feel much mental pressure.

This can be seen from his thick hair.

He walked very slowly, deliberately stepping on every floor tile. Partly for fun.

On the other hand, I also want to investigate the origin of the monk through the memory flashback triggered by stepping on the floor tiles.

It's a pity. He stepped on hundreds of floor tiles. Those fragmented flashbacks cannot be pieced together into a complete memory.

I can only say that the origins of the monks in the Main Hall are indeed extraordinary.

But it seems. It's not as powerful as Wang Ling imagined.

He walked leisurely on every floor tile, peeking at the flashbacks of each life of the monk. The headache he felt was not even as much as the pressure brought to him before the final exam of Number 60 High School.

This makes Wang Ling sincerely disappointed.

He opened his hand. There was a gathering of earth-colored spiritual energy on his palm.

Zen Master Jin Deng noticed this scene in the atrium.

Soon he discovered that the young man was actually using his spiritual power to absorb elements from the world and imitate the floor tiles in his atrium, creating an identical adobe brick.

The monk suddenly laughed: "Want to imitate the poor monk and integrate the experience of reincarnation into bricks?"

Wang Ling has no answer.

He has no reincarnation experience.

Because this life is his first life experience... He has not yet caught up with reincarnation.

What he did was just integrate his sixteen years of experience into this brick.

If he could live to be 1,600 years old, then the experience contained in this brick would be the experience of one hundredth lifetime.

If he can live to be sixteen thousand years old, then the experience in this brick is the experience of one thousandth of his life...

...

Of course. Wang Ling doesn’t know how long he can live.

But compared to his long life, the experiences he has in his hands are definitely a drop in the ocean.

Comparing the various experiences of Zen Master Jin Deng in 3910 reincarnations, they are just a drop in the bucket.

However, he didn't mind sharing what he had experienced over the years with this Zen master.

After gathering the bricks in his hand, Wang Ling threw them towards Zen Master Jin Deng from a distance.

"It's a small trick..."

The Zen master didn't even look at it. He raised his hand and caught it directly with his hand.

Then there is no more.

The memory brick thrown by Wang Ling. The huge mental pressure contained in it was poured directly into the mind of Zen Master Jin Deng.

It only lasted a moment. The Zen master's whole body twitched. At the same time, he was bleeding from all his orifices. He was shaking like crazy as if he had been electrocuted...

Jin Deng couldn't believe the torrent of horrific memories flooding into his mind.

That's right...

This is the function...

His mind was filled with functions...

And overwhelming...

Just noodles...

And... raccoons...

What has this young man experienced?





Chapter 1273 1 eye 3000


"Gold--Deng--Grand-Master--!"

Seeing the terrifying sight of the monk bleeding from his seven orifices in front of him, Lord Diu Lei couldn't help but shout loudly.

Zen Master Jin Deng raised his hand and wiped away the dripping blood on his face: "Donor, don't worry. I'm fine..."

At this time, Lord Diu Lei was really shocked.

The spiritual power concentrated in that brick.

As early as the moment Wang Ling threw it over,

Lord Diu Lei can already feel it.

He has a True Venerated Immortal. I don’t dare to pick it up at all.

Just feeling the mental pressure emanating from the bricks already made him feel extremely uncomfortable.

And Zen Master Jin Deng not only reached out and took it...

It lasted about ten seconds before letting go...

Lord Diu Lei calculated it. These ten seconds. If calculated according to the power of one second = one slap.

This Zen Master Jin Deng has already received Wang Ling ten times!

The key is. Ten times!

Still alive...

This is what makes Lord Diu Lei feel most horrified.

In the opinion of Lord Diu Lei, such tenacious vitality is unparalleled in ancient and modern times and is unique.

However, although Zen Master Jin Deng survived, his current condition was obviously not very good.

His face was pale. He looked like he was about to die at any moment, which made Lord Diu Lei extremely worried.

"Master...can you still hold on..."

"Bad monk...it's okay..." the monk said. He took out a Golden Core from his sleeve and threw it into his mouth.

This is the nine-turn Golden Core. The elixir was refined by Jin Deng in the 2718th life... Originally, Jin Deng was well prepared in that life and left it to die.

But starting from the 2718th life, Jin Deng found that he seemed to be invincible.

In this world, except for Dao Ancestor Wang, it seems that no one else is his opponent.

And this nine-turn Golden Core used to hang one's life has been continuously inherited until now...

At this time, Jin Deng threw the nine-turn Jin Deng into his mouth. The internal injuries all over his body began to gradually repair.

He was indeed right.

This boy's injuries were not only real injuries, but also had the effect of serious injuries... Fortunately, the nine-turn Golden Core he had prepared could ignore the effects of serious injuries. Otherwise, ordinary healing pills would definitely not be able to cure him. His current injury is good.

"Real injury + serious injury..." Zen Master Jin Deng was horrified in his heart.

This person is surprisingly similar to Dao Ancestor Wang...

But he was sure.

Wang Ling is not Dao Ancestor Wang himself.

So. Who is this young man?

At this moment, Wang Ling in the atrium has already walked two-thirds of the way.

The expression on his face was still relaxed.

These floor tiles by Zen Master Jin Deng did not put any pressure on him.

He can withstand nearly ten palms of damage without dying.

Jin Deng is also considered the first person.

At this time, Wang Ling reached out and re-directed the reincarnation memory brick in front of Jin Deng into the palm of his hand.

Since he has already made this memory brick.

Wang Ling doesn’t think it should be wasted.

In the future, it can be used to identify whether the other party is an expert...

If you are a real master, you should be like Zen Master Jin Deng. You can touch it for several seconds without dying.

Wang Ling used his index finger to carve a "10" number mark on the brick. Then he put the memory brick into King's Eyes.

It represents the current record for how long this memory brick has been held in hand.

Zen Master Jin Deng currently holds the record for ten seconds.

Wang Ling wants to see if anyone can break this record in the future...

"I didn't expect that this poor monk, who has been reincarnated for thousands of lives, would hit a wall here..."

At this time, Zen Master Jin Deng stopped knocking on the wooden fish.

Although the Nine Turns Golden Core stopped his physical injuries, beating the wooden fish is also a spiritual practice in itself.

His wooden fish is called "Fish of the Sky". It is a magical weapon that is bound to the physical body for practice.

Every time it is struck, the body will simultaneously bear hundreds of billions of tons of blows.

Essentially, it is a process of tempering the physical body.

However, with the current state of his body, he can no longer move...

If he doesn't take a break and hammer him again, he will die.

In fact, these inner words of Zen Master Jin Deng saved his life again.

Wang LingAlthough he has not yet arrived at the Main Hall, he has always been curious about the wooden fish under Zen Master Jin Deng.

I wanted to take a look at it by tapping it...

But since the wooden fish is bound to the physical body of Master Jin Deng.

Wang Ling feels that it is better not to continue to "skin".

If he accidentally smashes this wooden fish, I'm afraid Master Jin Deng will burst in front of him...

...

One foot steps into the Mahavira. Compare the pressure inside and outside.

Wang Ling feels really relaxed.

But the difference is actually not that big.

This mental pressure is like the weight of a schoolbag being lifted off.

"This little donor...who are you..." Zen Master Jin Deng looked at Wang Ling.

The question eventually returned to the topic of "who is the god?"

Wang Ling fell silent.

He himself doesn't even know who he is.

To this day, he has not found the answer to the question...

"Poor monk. In all these years, I have never wanted to know the answer so urgently."

At this time, Zen Master Jin Deng turned his attention to Wang Ling.

At the same time, he was mentally prepared.

As long as he knows the answer, even if the outcome of his life is death, he is already satisfied.

"Master..."

"I may not die in this life. There is a 50-50 probability."

"But we came to see the Master because..."

"I know."

The monk smiled and said, "So I have already left the answer. You will only receive this answer after I die."

"Then my brother's eyes."

"I don't want my eyes anymore."

The monk shook his head.

He has now experienced the power of Wang Ling.

Already fully understood.

He couldn't afford this pair of contact lenses.

Zen Master Jin Deng sighed slightly: "So now I have changed my mind. I just ask this donor Wang to stand in front of me and let me take a look."

"Master, can you see clearly?"

"Not necessarily. But I want to try." Zen Master Jin Deng said.

Obviously, the monk is a very stubborn person.

You will never give up until you achieve your goal.

Wang Ling sat cross-legged on the ground. He shrugged his shoulders with an indifferent expression.

Even he himself couldn't figure out this secret, let alone the monk in front of him.

"Then I'll start."

Zen Master Jin Deng smiled.

He nodded towards Wang Ling.

The next moment.

The swastika Buddha's light bloomed from his eyes again!

In an instant!

Zen Master Jin Deng’s eyes were bloodshot.

This glance condensed his reincarnation power for 3,000 lifetimes!

His sight transcends the eternity of time and has insight into the Milky Way of all universes...

Then, Zen Master Jin Deng closed his eyes.

One of his pair of swastikas has been scrapped.

At the same time, there was a bang in the atrium. An explosion occurred!

On the ground, 3,000 memory bricks symbolizing the 3,000 reincarnations of Zen Master Jin Deng suddenly collapsed and turned into powder all over the floor...

Zen Master Jin Deng never dreamed of this.

He spent 3,000 lifetimes of cultivation.

In the end, it turned out to be only a chaotic world where light and darkness intertwined.

I found the outline of a human figure...





Chapter 1274 The Unspeakable Place


In the atrium, the bricks symbolizing the reincarnation history of Zen Master Jin Deng exploded one after another.

He spent his entire three thousand lifetimes in cultivation, but could only get a glimpse of its outline.

This kind of thing sounds really sad.

Wang Ling reached out and planned to repair these broken memory bricks in the atrium.

He had not stopped Jin Deng from snooping on him before. It was just because he also wanted to know what kind of existence he was.

Now Zen Master Jin Deng has lost one of his eyes due to this reason, and his cultivation has also been greatly damaged.

Wang Ling feels that all the faults should not be placed on Jin Deng.

However, at this time, the monk stretched out his hand to stop Wang Ling.

Zen Master Jin Deng shook his head and smiled bitterly: "I have lived 3910 lives. I didn't realize it until this life. I am not invincible... This loss of cultivation is a lesson. I must learn it. Zhenren doesn't have to take action." Helped."

The monk coughed twice. He stretched out his hand and brushed his eyes. The previously scrapped "swastika" returned to normal pupils.

Now he only has one "Swastika" left.

The one that is scrapped has to start from scratch.

But the monk has no regrets. Being able to fight against a real master like Wang Ling.

Even if he is injured, for a monk, it is a scar full of glory.

"My life in this life feels more exciting than all the previous ones." At this time, Zen Master Jin Deng said with a smile.

Now there are only 910 bricks left in his atrium.

He is now extremely looking forward to his passing away. He will turn the memories of this life into new bricks. Then spread them in this atrium and integrate them with these 910 bricks...

"Master, can you tell us now, Miss Sun Rong, what exactly is going on?"

At this time, Lord Diu Lei asked.

This was the purpose why they came here to see Zen Master Jin Deng in the first place.

And Zen Master Jin Deng knows so much. This does not make Wang Ling feel too strange.

Although his fighting power is stronger than Zen Master Jin Deng.

However, the experience is always not as rich as that of Zen Master Jin Deng. The mental pressure in the memory brick is high. It does not mean that the experience is rich... The experience of 3910 lives is here. The monk knows more than himself. This is also being cleaned up.

He is just a sixteen-year-old baby.

In fact, the monk was not completely confident and sure about this matter.

But after just taking a peek at Wang Ling’s true identity.

Now. Jin Deng already has his answer.

Although he could only catch a glimpse of the outline and the chaotic world.

But based on the clues he has now, the monk has reason to believe that what happened to the girl may be related to a mysterious place.

"Do you know where Dao Ancestor Wang, who founded Heavenly Dao, founded Heavenly Dao?" Zen Master Jin Deng said: "Before Heavenly Dao was finalized, it is said that Dao Ancestor Wang conducted countless experiments to ensure The Heavenly Dao I designed can ultimately benefit eternity. It will benefit all cultivators."

"Heavenly Dao still has a testing ground?"

Lord Diu Lei and Wang Ling were both surprised.

"According to legend, the test site was derived from a trace of chaos. It is a place with highly dense spiritual energy. It is difficult for ordinary creatures to survive in that place..."

The monk said: "Although the Heavenly Dao test site is just a rumor, the poor monk guarantees that this place does exist."

"What's in the testing ground?"

"They are all useless, yet full of evil and dark Heavenly Dao Golden Men. These Golden Men are all failed experiments. Dao Ancestor created them, but could not bear to destroy them..."

Are the palms and backs of your hands full of flesh?

Hearing this, Lord Diu Lei sighed inwardly.

"These Heavenly DaoGolden Men who were not destroyed were left in that experimental site forever. They were completely sealed in it by Dao Ancestor Wang."

Zen Master Jin Deng said: "And this place is also called: the unspeakable place."

An unspeakable place...

Wang Ling This is really the first time I heard that there is such a place.

"It's not that this generation of Heavenly DaoGolden Men has no memory of this place. It's just because Dao Ancestor was determined to hide this place forever. So he set up an unspeakable method. All Heavenly DaoGolden Men will temporarily forget it as long as they think of this place. Everything about the Heavenly Dao Proving Ground."

Great shielding technique?

Wang Ling raised his eyebrows.

The monk smiled: "Zhenren is right. This unspeakable method is indeed similar to the Great Shielding Technique. The Great Shielding Technique may have been derived from Dao Ancestor Wang's {Unspeakable Method}."

"But Master, I'm still a little confused."

"Sir, please tell me."

"Why is the master so sure? Miss Sun's matter is related to the unspeakable place?"

"I have two inferences. One. The ancient Golden Men who appeared next to Miss Sun are probably failed experiments that escaped from the unspeakable land. That girl has now become the child of the void. As the key to the door of the void. She In fact, there is huge energy hidden in the body..." Jin Deng's words were astonishing. He also clearly controlled the ins and outs of the whole matter.

This kind of deduction ability makes Wang Ling feel amazed.

This Jin Deng is indeed different from the other fish that I dealt with before.

He is a capable monk.

He didn't think about Jin Deng's words. He only heard the monk remain silent for a moment before continuing: "Those Golden Men are robbing. They just want to use the knife of void to tear the seal of the Unspeakable Land."

"That's the seal set by Dao Ancestor Wang..." Lord Diu Lei was shocked.

"As far as I know, the Son of the Void does have this ability."

The monk said: "Previously, the Lord of the Void went to such great lengths to search for the Son of the Void. I'm afraid the real purpose was not to invade the earth..."

"Not for invasion?"

"They want to protect the Son of the Void." The monk said: "As long as the Son of the Void returns to the Void, the curse on Miss Sun will not take effect. And the ancient Golden Men of the Unspeakable Land have no ability to run to the Void World. Find her."

Hearing this. Wang Ling suddenly realized.

It turns out that this is what the Lord of the Void meant when he said that the Son of the Void will eventually return to the Void...

At this point, Wang Ling has learned everything about the whole thing from Jin Deng.

This so-called yin-yang death calamity was originally the curse left by the ancient Golden Men in the Unspeakable Land.

So now. Here comes the crux of the problem.

Lord Diu Lei pondered for a while and finally asked: "Master... then. Apart from returning to the void and becoming a part of the void, Miss Sun Rong, is there any other way to get rid of the entanglement of the ancient Golden Men?"

"There is a way...of course...and I am afraid that only Ling Zhenren can do this now."

At this time, the monk turned his attention to Wang Ling.

Wang Ling looked at him. His face was calm.

Monk: "The way is to dump the entire Unspeakable Land in one pot."





Chapter 1275 Experienced Monk


Just throw it away in one pot?

It is indeed a very simple and crude answer.

But regarding this matter, Jin Deng actually has something to say.

"The unspeakable place. The poor monk actually tried to visit it many times. But he was never able to enter it." Jin Deng said.

He had the experience of visiting unspeakable places many times. However, he got lost all along the way. He never even stepped through the door.

"How about using the technique of sending back?" Wang Ling asked via voice transmission.

He knows. Heavenly Dao has captured the ancient Golden Men.

If he used the {Return Technique} to teleport back with the ancient Golden Men, he felt that it would not be difficult to enter the Unspeakable Land.

"Zhenren's thinking was too simple. The poor monk had also used this technique of sending back, but the situation was much more complicated than the poor monk imagined." The monk said.

The Unspeakable Land evolved from Chaos. It is difficult for an ordinary cultivator's body to walk in such a space for a long time.

Even the immortals from Zhenyuan, who have rich galactic roaming abilities, can't avoid it.

"Only cultivators in the divine realm can stay there for a while. The time cannot exceed 3 minutes at most."

"Three minutes..." Lord Diu Lei fell into deep thought.

This time is about the same as Ultraman's transformation time.

It's too short.

Same as Ku Xuan.

"There is no way. If you get lost in the chaos, you will never come back." Jin Deng shook his head.

In short. The structure of the Unspeakable Land is like an egg.

The egg shell is like a barrier. The egg white is the circle of chaos. The egg yolk is the unspeakable place.

Even if a normal cultivator accidentally enters it, it will only enter the scope of "egg white".

You can only stay for three minutes at most.

It is almost impossible to touch the yolk layer.

The monk recalled the scene when he found the unspeakable place. He couldn't break into the core layer of egg yolk.

"How long can the master stay in the egg white layer?" Lord Diu Lei asked curiously.

"It won't take long. It will only take a little longer than a normal cultivator." The monk said modestly.

"How long? Three hours?"

"Thirty days."

"..."

"Ling Zhenren, I'm afraid it will last longer," the monk said.

He thinks Wang Ling can stay there for at least 300 years...

Jin Deng: "But even the poor monk. The poor monk has not been able to touch the core layer so far."

"Is it because of the ban?" Wang Ling asked.

The only situation he could think of was this.

"Not bad." Jin Deng nodded.

Unless Dao Ancestor Wang established a ban that year.

Otherwise {the technique of sending back} would not be effective.

As the founder of Heavenly Dao, it is too easy to set up such a ban.

As long as the authority of {Great Teleportation} is turned off within the scope of the Unspeakable Land. No one can directly reach there through Heavenly Dao spells.

As a result, Wang Ling's wish to use Lord Ma to teleport directly to an unspeakable place came to nothing.

But he always felt that there were other ways.

After all, I possess more than just the power of Heavenly Dao created by Dao Ancestor Wang.

Heavenly Dao, Fate, Shadow...there is always one that suits him.

"According to what the poor monk sees, if you want to enter the unspeakable place and completely destroy this place, breaking the restrictions is the key." The monk frowned.

He opened his hand and gathered the memory fragments of his intrusion into the unspeakable place into a spiritual energy ball and concentrated it on his palm.

Wang Ling and Diu Lei reached out and touched each other.

That memory burst into their minds like a three-dimensional movie.

In his memory, the monk is in a chaotic world where light and darkness intertwine.

The spatial structure here is extremely complex. Everything is falling apart.

The monk in those days accidentally entered here. His cassocks were all broken. When he entered the space, he was completely naked...

"..."

Wang Ling and Diu Lei looked a bit irritated. They quickly retracted their hands.

"I'm sorry, I'll take care of it for a moment..." Jin Deng blushed as he realized his gaffe.

He almost forgot that he mistakenly entered the circle of chaos in an unspeakable place.

The scene where the cassock was directly torn to pieces by the invasion of the power of chaos...

After reprocessing the memory sphere. Wang Ling and Lord Diu Lei touched the memory sphere again.

Wang Ling saw the monk in front of him. His whole body was covered with a thick mosaic... Suddenly the whole scene became even stranger...

Afterwards, the monk kept wandering and walking in the circle of chaos.

It took him several days to finally touch the core.

"The unspeakable place. Is that where it is?"

In the memory screen, Jin Deng looked ahead at a place that looked like a floating island in the universe, wrapped in a faint golden film of light.

There exudes the powerful power of Heavenly Dao. It is fascinating.

At that time, the monk already knew what he had broken into.

This is the Heavenly Dao testing ground left behind by Dao Ancestor!

There are countless sealed but powerful evil Heavenly Dao imprisoned inside!

Driven by curiosity, the monk instinctively wanted to take a look.

With his ability to shrink the ground to an inch and move thousands of miles in one step, it would not be difficult to break into the unspeakable land.

However, that unspeakable place was clearly right in front of him, but he still couldn't get even half closer.

The monk blushed. It seemed that he had tried his best, but he still could not move forward an inch.

The indescribable place so close at hand. It was so far away that he could hardly imagine...

At this time, the monk put away his memory ball and said with emotion: "The scene at that time, as Ling Zhenren and Zhenjun saw it, is still unforgettable to this poor monk. The unspeakable place is so clear to the poor monk. Close. But the poor monk is like a monkey trapped in Wuzhi Mountain. He has never been able to take that step and reach the hinterland..."

"I looked at the memory of the master. The master used a variety of moving methods. But in the end it seemed that no matter how he moved, he still stayed in the same place."

Lord Diu Lei said: "This unspeakable place. Could it be just an illusion? Like a mirage. It looks very close, but in fact it is still far away..."

"The poor monk understands what Zhenjun means. The poor monk had a similar idea at the beginning." Jin Deng said: "So, after I determined the location of the unspeakable place, I made full preparations again soon after. I plan to try again...it took me 20 days. The situation is still the same as before."

The concept of twenty days. The monk really cannot describe that feeling in words.

He used the method of shrinking the ground to an inch and traveled frantically for 20 days.

Calculated according to the normal journey, 20 days shrink into an inch. This extraterrestrial galactic road has been traveled back and forth twenty times.

Previously, the Zhenyuan Immortals traveled throughout the entire extraterrestrial galaxy. However, it took a full thousand years.

Such a contrast is very obvious.

"So. What exactly are the restrictions in the Unspeakable Land?"

"The poor monk thought that this should be some kind of restriction set by Dao Ancestor..."

Jin Deng said: "I wonder if Ling Zhenren and Zhenjun have ever played a keyword warning game?"

"..."

"Before the two people have a conversation, they first preset the forbidden words that cannot be mentioned. Then they have a conversation. Whoever mentions the forbidden words in the conversation loses."

"According to poor taoist's speculation for many years, the ban set up by Dao Ancestor should have the same effect as this game."

"Is it because the monks can't enter?"

"It's not like the poor monk has never thought of this. So in the 3241st life, the poor monk deliberately left his flowing hair... but he still couldn't enter..."

"Men can't enter?"

"This. The poor monk tried it in his 3903rd life. In this life, the poor monk deliberately reincarnated himself into a woman. It was also the only life in which the poor monk changed his gender. Moreover, the poor monk was not used to it at the beginning. Always standing and peeing."

"..."





Chapter 1276 Pigeon is finally updated!


To enter the unspeakable place, you have to guess what kind of restrictions Dao Ancestor Wang has placed.

According to Jin Deng’s experience of reincarnation, the monk has eliminated many wrong options in his infinite time.

But unfortunately, he never found the correct answer.

"In 2908, the poor monk guessed that Dao Ancestor's restriction may be that it is not allowed to enter the forbidden area by flying. So he chose the nearest position and continued backflips. He wanted to turn to the unspeakable place... but failed. ."

"..."

"In 2909, the poor monk thought and speculated that Dao Ancestor's restriction may not allow people with single eyelids to enter. Therefore, the poor monk poured power into his nails and cut himself a double eyelid. In the end, it ended in failure. ."

"Master. I don't think there is any need to talk about the experience of failure."

Lord Diu Lei tried hard to keep smiling.

He felt like continuing to listen to Jin Deng.

The monk's image of an accomplished monk in his heart will completely collapse.

At this time, the incident seemed to be in trouble again.

The monk knows the exact location of the Unspeakable Place.

However, even if you have the ability to destroy the entire forbidden area, there is no way to enter the forbidden area. Everything is empty talk.

"Zhenren. The poor monk has something to say. I don't know whether to say it or not." At this time, Jin Deng suddenly said. He looked serious and seemed to be thinking about something.

An unspeakable place.

This is one of the few regrets in the monk's life.

For thousands of years, he has been thinking of ways to overcome the challenges. As a result, he failed again and again.

The monk was a little discouraged.

Now, after witnessing the power of Wang Ling, the monk felt that if he combined his accumulated experience, they might be able to join forces.

For this reason, he also quickly made plans in his mind.

What he is about to say to Wang Ling now is one of his plans.

Wang Ling opened his eyes slightly and looked at Jin Deng with an expression of all ears.

"Ling Zhenren. Tell the truth. With the strength of you and me, we might really be able to break through the circle of chaos outside this forbidden area."

The monk said: "However, this matter is also risky. Judging from the sudden appearance of the ancient Golden Men, there may already be some evil ancient Golden Men in the forbidden area. They have escaped from the seal through their own means. If we now... If you force the pass, there is a high probability that your home will be stolen directly."

"Stealing a house?"

"I used to think that as long as there were poor monks guarding this earth, foreign enemies would not dare to cause trouble."

The monk sighed: "I found out later that the poor monk thought too much..."

"..."

"Those ancient Golden Men are not stupid. They are acting quietly now. They have not launched a large-scale invasion. Just because the poor monk and Ling Zhenren are on this earth together. They can sense the powerful power. Also No large-scale action was taken..."

"What the master means is that if you and your brother go to break the forbidden area together, will those ancient Golden Men take action directly?"

"Very possible."

The monk said: "The poor monk's predictions are almost never wrong... In thousands of lifetimes, the poor monk has only made a mistake in his prediction once."

"May I ask Master, which time was it?" Lord Diu Lei asked.

"Just once."

"..."

"I thought I could beat Ling Zhenren. But I guessed the beginning. I didn't guess the end."

"..."

"So, the poor taoist's opinion is that before Ling Zhenren joins forces with me to break through the level, he needs to help others complete the Tribulation Transcendence..." The monk said: "We have to give help to some trustworthy brothers and let them form a Tribulation Transcendence group. . Ascension smoothly."

"..." Wang Ling.

This idea. In fact, Wang Ling is not new.

The main thing is that the noise will be very loud. This also makes Wang Ling very worried.

Although the consumption of spiritual energy on the earth has reached the point of turning around, if someone is promoted, it means that the consumption of spiritual energy will gradually increase.

This is also the purpose of the Agreement {True Immortal Convention} between various countries.

Growth through limiting realms.

Thereby alleviating the pressure of spiritual energy consumption. "In this matter, if Zhenren can trust the poor monk, the poor monk will be fully responsible for coming forward. Ling Zhenren only needs to provide assistance on the side." The monk smiled: "The {True Immortal Convention} has been agreed for many years. It's long past time to break with tradition. This planet needs an upgrade."

"What's changed after the upgrade?"

"True Immortal will be further liberated. In the end, with the development of time, the earth may be able to establish a channel with the divine realm." The monk said: "Of course. There are also factors that remain unchanged."

"?"

"That is, even if the upgrade is completed, there may still be no one who can defeat Ling Zhenren."

Speaking of this, Jin Deng couldn't help but sigh: "Zhenren. How lonely!"

Wang Ling: "..."

...

On the other side. Death Heavenly Dao performs his duties conscientiously. Standing guard in front of Sun Rong's bed.

Don't let those ancient Golden Men who have escaped continue to cause trouble.

The second wave passed. That is, after Heavenly Dao used the Book of Death to personally capture the three ancient Golden Men.

For a long time, the hospital was quiet.

Sun RongAlthough I still do "sit-ups" from time to time.

But as long as Death Heavenly Dao is here, the girl will not feel the pain of having her soul roughly taken away by the ancient Golden Men.

"The situation seems to be stable. But in fact it is far from stable." Death Heavenly Dao couldn't help but sigh.

He stayed here to prevent the ancient Golden Men from taking away the girl's soul. He stayed here to alleviate the girl's pain.

But it doesn't stop this inexplicable "Yin Yang Death Curse" from continuing to cause trouble on the girl.

Moreover, he had already summoned the three ancient Golden Men for interrogation.

As a result, these ancient Golden Men could not understand a single word of Death Heavenly Dao.

Completely unable to communicate.

"My lord, do you know why this is happening?"

"The Heavenly Dao dialect has gone through many innovations. It is no longer the same as before. What they speak is the original version of the Heavenly Dao dialect. And it also has a local accent. It's a damn thing if you can understand it."

Death Heavenly Dao gave an example: "This is like a foreigner who has lived in Northeast China speaking Wenzhou dialect. Various situations are mixed together. It is like the whisper of the devil."

"..."

In this situation, Heavenly Dao dare not leave Sun Rong.

He was afraid that if he left, these ancient Golden Men would take advantage of him and sneak in again.

But now even if he catches these three Golden Men, it seems to be of no use... The language barrier is a huge problem.

It's at a time when nothing can be done.

The girl lying quietly in the medical cabin in front of her started to undergo new changes.

"Master Death Heavenly Dao...have you seen it..." Zhuo Yi showed a horrified look in his eyes.

He rubbed his eyes repeatedly and observed what was happening to the girl's body.

"I saw it. It was not an illusion."

Death Heavenly Dao also became nervous.

Because the physical body of Sun Rong seems to be becoming transparent...





Chapter 1277 The disappearing sense of existence


The girl gradually became transparent. This was something neither Heavenly Dao nor Zhuo Yi expected.

But soon. Death Heavenly Dao thought about what happened: "I didn't expect this legend to be true..."

"What legend?" Zhuo Yi asked anxiously.

"It is said that Dao Ancestor specially set up a secret method to prevent people from being resurrected without limit through means such as death talismans and changing their fate against the will of heaven... As long as the resurrection exceeds a certain number of times, the presence of the resurrected person will be felt It will reduce..."

"Reducing the sense of presence?"Zhuo Yi was surprised.

"The sense of existence is reduced to the end. Miss Sun will be completely transparent. Theoretically, she is not dead. But others cannot touch her, nor can they hear her voice. And what she says to other people cannot be heard. People can hear..."

"Then what's the difference between this and death?"

"The difference is that she is not on Heavenly Dao's death list. She does not even have the chance of reincarnation. She can only drift in the world forever and become a void spirit..."

Zhuo Yi: "Isn't that similar to Void Spirit?"

Death Heavenly Dao sighed: "If this is the case, it is better to become a virtual spirit. At least the virtual spirit is a complete living body..."

"Is there any way to stop it?" Zhuo Yi never thought that such an operation could be done.

This girl's presence in the book is already low enough...

Now, Heavenly Dao is forced to reduce his presence. It’s so miserable!

"Unless you are a Heavenly Dao whitelist user, you cannot use the resurrection method without restrictions."

Death Heavenly Dao slowly shook his head. He stared at the girl in the medical cabin who was gradually reducing her transparency. He said: "Furthermore, in order to prevent cheating... Dao Ancestor... the whitelist has a 48-hour review time. In other words, even if Miss Sun is now Join the whitelist. It's too late. She only has 48 hours. The body will be completely transparent..."

...

Saturday, November 28th.

A plan to destroy the "Unspeakable Land", exterminate the evil Heavenly Dao, and save Sun Rong.

The formal agreement was completed through joint discussion between Wang Ling, Jin Deng and Lord Diu Lei.

The entire plan is divided into three parts.

First: Find the ancient Heavenly Dao lurking on the earth. Temporarily block the yin and yang death catastrophe.

Second: Complete the upgrade of the earth. Cultivate multiple reliable cultivators to guard the earth.

Third: Let the monk lead the way. Break through the unspeakable place together with Wang Ling. Destroy all the evil that Dao Ancestor Wang left behind back then. Thus cutting off the root cause of the "Yin and Yang Death Tribulation".

The monk does everything outside. Wang Ling only needs to assist behind the scenes.

This should be one of the people Wang Ling has contacted so far. He is relatively reliable in all aspects.

But there is actually one thing that puzzles Wang Ling.

Wang Ling always thought that the person who originally calculated Sun Rong's "Yin and Yang Death Tribulation" was the monk himself.

But after careful questioning, the monk said that he had never told the girl's fortune.

So now the question comes. Who was that fortune teller back then?

I'm afraid only Sun Yiyuan knows about this matter.

Wang Ling is not usually a meddlesome person. However, this matter is related to the girl's life.

He still activated his King's Eyes and peered at the fortune teller in Boss Sun's memory from a distance.

As a result, the sight of King's Eyes was dim.

Saw nothing.

"Have you done anything in advance..." Wang Ling frowned.

There was something wrong with his direction from the start.

Because he always mistakenly believed that Jin Deng was the original fortune teller, he was late in spying. Instead, the mysterious fortune teller covered up this memory first...

At this time, Wang Ling felt extremely complicated.

Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon on Earth is indeed true.

It seems. Except for the monks...

There are also mysterious masters.

The other party could actually calculate to this point and make preparations in advance. At least it proves that this person's strength is not inferior to that of the monk.

...

The day after Jin Deng met with Wang Ling.

The monk came to the hospital under the leadership of Lord Diu Lei. A group of experts and doctors gathered at the hospital saw a monk coming to the hospital. They all looked sad.

"Hey. It's all my fault! My medical skills are not good. I couldn't save Miss Sun Rong..."

"It seems that we all have to continue learning! Only in this way can we save more people!"

When the doctors saw the monk, they all showed expressions of enlightenment. Some even hugged each other and wiped away tears.

Lord Diu Lei didn't understand what he meant: "Why are you doctors so sad? Isn't Miss Sun still able to be saved now..."

One of the doctors was stunned for a moment. Then he asked, "So the monk was brought here. Isn't he doing some rituals?"

Jin Deng, Diu Lei: "..."

This is a serious occasion. Lord Diu Lei has been specially trained for this. He will never laugh!

So he tried very hard to keep a straight face and explained the origin of Master Jin Deng to many experts and doctors present.

"This Zen Master Jin Deng is no ordinary person. He may have a way to save Miss Sun Rong."

"A monk?"

Many doctors looked questioningly.

They are all Taishan Beidou in the medical field. Even they are helpless. How much ability can a wild monk who comes out of nowhere have the ability to save a girl's life?

In their opinion, this is simply nonsense.

"Zhenjun, I think this matter may be a little too hasty... We can understand Mr. Sun's mood." The first person to object was Dean Liu Ping. He thought it was better to be cautious in this matter.

The monk was smiling. He didn't take what the doctors in front of him said to heart at all.

He understands people's thoughts very well.

After all, he has lived in anonymity for so many years and his name is rarely known.

Without understanding the situation, it is indeed possible to regard him as one of those charlatans.

But Master Jin Deng is Master Jin Deng after all. The state of mind of a monk is mysterious and cannot be imagined by ordinary people.

"Everyone, monks don't lie. I can show you my skills first."

Jin Deng smiled. Then he stretched out his hand and touched the shoulder of a male doctor: "This benefactor has a hidden disease in his left shoulder due to long-term fatigue. Because the work was delayed for a time, the hidden disease became incurable... On rainy days, the left shoulder will... The pain is so painful that I can't help myself. It can only be relieved by dancing at home. Is this poor monk right?"

"Master...how did the master know?" The doctor was shocked.

"Don't panic. I just opened your left shoulder. It's fine now. You no longer have to live a life of dancing alone at home at night."

Everyone: "..."

At this time, the monk showed off his skills in the conference room of the hospital, showing off his superb consecration skills.

Everyone began to change their previous attitudes one after another. They began to become enthusiastic!

"Master! Because of work, my head has always been bald..."

"It goes without saying, donor. You lost your hair because you saved lives and injured people. I will return it to you now."

"Master! I always come home late because of work. Every time I come home late, my wife makes me kneel with durians...please touch my knees..."

"The donor doesn't need to say much. For a poor monk, it's just a simple effort."

"Master! Because I often stay up late...what's going on? My wife and I have always wanted a baby...please touch me..."

At this time, the monk glanced lightly at the doctor's lower body and shook his head: "This donor, it's not that I don't want to help you. But this matter is not your problem..."

Everyone: "..."





Chapter 1278 Preparations before upgrading the earth


The monk showed his extraordinary power in consecration and became the focus of the entire hospital for a while.

Seeing that more and more people came to him to consecrate him, Jin Deng smiled slightly and expressed his attitude: "Dear donors, this poor monk is here to save people's lives. This matter requires everyone's cooperation and unity. Only then can it be achieved. After it is completed, anyone who has contributed can come to the poor monk's temple to find me. The poor monk has a lot of time to consecrate you..."

After speaking, the monk performed a Buddhist salute to everyone.

"Thank you, Master!"

Now that the words have come to this point, those who were originally waiting in line for the consecration also understood.

Their current behavior of queuing up for consecration is indeed inappropriate.

Originally, they were hired to come here specifically to discuss the girl's condition.

The matter of consecration has come to an end for now.

In the conference room, the monk then turned his attention to the girl lying quietly in the medical cabin on the screen. He saw Heavenly Dao and Zhuo Yi standing next to him. He figured out what happened with just a few fingers.

The monk clasped his hands together and said to Lord Diu Lei: "Please, Zhenjun, please organize the order at the scene. I will go to Miss Sun's ward to see the situation."

"Thank you, Master." Lord Diu Lei nodded. He did not dare to slack off at all.

Then, the monk turned around and his whole person turned into a void of light and shadow.

The next moment, he appeared directly in the ward. This scene shocked Heavenly Dao.

"Who are you!" Someone suddenly broke into the ward. This made Death Heavenly Dao particularly nervous.

Especially after seeing that the person who came was a monk. Heavenly Dao became even more panicked.

As soon as he saw the monk, he couldn't help but associate it with Chaodu.

"No! He is a master! Protect Miss Sun!"

In his heart, he almost subconsciously wanted to protect Sun Rong. He planned to attack the monk in front of him directly.

However, what horrified Heavenly Dao was that he found that the spiritual energy he had just released was like a piece of ice baked under high temperature. It had completely melted in the palm of his hand before it even condensed.

Death Heavenly Dao immediately thought of a situation. His expression was serious: "Who are you..."

"It's true that Mr. Death and I haven't seen each other for a while. It's normal for Mr. Death not to remember me."

The monk smiled at the death of Heavenly Dao: "The poor monk was selected into the Heavenly Dao white list in 1289."

"It turns out to be Mr. Jin Deng..."

Death Heavenly Dao instantly remembered this incident that seemed to have happened a long time ago.

There are only a handful of users on Heavenly Dao's whitelist...

And this Zen Master Jin Deng is the first person in history to enter the Heavenly Dao white list.

Death Heavenly Dao certainly still remembers this matter.

It's just that Zen Master Jin Deng keeps reincarnating. His appearance changes in each life. Now, when we meet again after countless years, Death Heavenly Dao can no longer recognize the face of Zen Master Jin Deng just based on his appearance.

"Ling Zhenren asked this poor monk to come here." At this time, the monk said.

It was an expected answer. This did not surprise Heavenly Dao and Zhuo Yi.

Heavenly Dao, who died previously, heard that Wang Ling personally tried to invite an expert to help.

I just didn't expect that this expert turned out to be Jin Deng.

The monk smiled: "Just a few hours ago, the poor monk had a fight with Ling Zhenren. Then the poor monk decided to help Ling Zhenren deal with the matter."

DeathHeavenly Dao: "That's it."

The monk scratched his head: "Don't you ask about the result of the duel?"

Death Heavenly Dao: "Anyway, if nothing else goes wrong, Mr. Jin Deng will definitely be beaten violently..."

He wanted to save face for the monk, so he deliberately did not mention this matter.

But who would have thought that this monk was so arrogant and didn't care about the issue of face or not at all.

"Hey. Why can even you see the ending clearly? The poor monk is so arrogant." Regarding the words of Death Heavenly Dao, the monk let out a heartfelt sigh.

He does not regret challenging Wang Ling.

I just simply felt that my original idea of being blindly confident was a bit stupid.

Death Heavenly Dao saw the monk with a melancholy look on his face, so he had to comfort him: "The authorities are confused, but the onlookers are clear. Master, why should you care..."

The monk was tired.

However, he did not forget his mission.

He has business to attend to when he comes here.

"This yin and yang death catastrophe is caused by the ancient Golden Men who escaped. And the source of the death catastrophe is in that unspeakable place..." the monk said.

"The unspeakable place..." This term made Heavenly Dao's pupils tremble.

For the new Heavenly Dao, this is a familiar yet unfamiliar word... The number of Heavenly DaoGolden Men who know this is even more limited. Except for their six main Heavenly Dao who still have remaining memories, the other Heavenly Dao almost I have all forgotten that there is such a place.

"It seems like you remembered it."

"I didn't expect that Dao Ancestor's kindness back then would become a hidden danger today."

"After all, the palms and backs of the hands are all flesh. You can say that Dao Ancestor is a kind man. But based on the poor monk's understanding of Dao Ancestor, Dao Ancestor's move must have a deeper meaning."

At this time, the monk turned his attention to the girl. He took out a magic weapon from the sleeve of his cassock.

The monk's sleeve is like a pocket from another dimension. It is also called "the universe in the sleeve". It contains all the magic weapons collected by the monk in his 3910 lives. This is a huge treasure house.

"This is?" Death Heavenly Dao asked, staring at the golden flower that Jin Deng took out.

"This is the Buddha's Golden Lotus. It is specially used to seal the soul. Miss Sun's soul is affected by the calamity of death. She will leave her body from time to time. It is better to introduce her soul into the Golden Lotus and store it." The monk said.

Buddha Golden Lotus is a sacred object.

It is an existence comparable to the Heavenly Dao magic weapon.

It contains the monk’s 100 lifetimes of cultivation.

Originally, the monk used it for his own use. Having such a Golden Lotus in hand can prevent all kinds of accidents.

But now, he wants to join forces with Wang Ling to discover the secrets of the unspeakable place.

It was a place that he had never entered in a thousand lifetimes.

The monk used his 100 lifetimes of cultivation in exchange for a ticket to enter the unspeakable land. The monk felt that this was a very good deal.

After entering the Buddha's Golden Lotus, the girl's soul will be temporarily sealed in the Golden Lotus.

It can temporarily avoid the influence of "yin and yang death calamity".

However, once the Buddha Golden Lotus receives this "cursed" soul, the spiritual power sealed inside will begin to be consumed.

100 lifetimes of cultivation can only be exchanged for a shelf life of 100 days at most.

Therefore, they must resolve the matter in the Unspeakable Land within 100 days.

The monk was a little worried.

I don't know if this time is enough.

"What about the physical body? The soul is not here. It will decay..." At this time, Zhuo Yi asked.

"This is easy to handle."

At this time, Jin Deng opened the medical cabin and reached out to touch the girl's forehead.

Immediately, a golden light penetrated the girl's body: "It's okay. The light has been turned on."

"..."

...

"Master. What should we do next?"

"Miss Sun's physical body must be guarded day and night. The next step is that the poor monk will personally invite the Heavenly Dao star master. In order for the earth to complete the upgrade, the help of the Heavenly Dao star is still needed." Jin Deng said.

After saying that, he handed the Buddha Golden Lotus to Death Heavenly Dao and took another step forward.

The monk's magic power is so profound that it is unimaginable.

In the next moment, he shrunk to an inch. He crossed endless light years in one step... and arrived at the Heavenly Dao planet.





Chapter 1279 The Autistic Star Lord


When the monk appeared on the Heavenly Dao star. The Lord of the Heavenly Dao star was receiving treatment.

Yes...

Psychotherapy.

This is the aftermath of the last battle with Wang Ling.

The Heavenly Dao star originally relied on devouring other planets and forcibly absorbing alien civilizations into its star core to expand in the universe.

But it is a pity that Heavenly Dao Star Lord's plan was finally completely canceled by Wang Ling.

As an academician of the Academy of Magical Science and one of Guo Hao's uncles, Guo Ping also assumed the role of ambassador for the establishment of peaceful diplomatic relations.

Responsible for the peaceful establishment of diplomatic relations between the Earth and Heavenly Dao...

It is said to be a peaceful establishment of diplomatic relations. In fact, it is Heavenly Dao planet unilaterally assisting the earth and providing more alien technology.

He was a majestic alien overlord back then. Now he was forced to go into business and became a wholesale alien black technology boss in order to survive. Such a sense of disparity made Heavenly Dao star master heartbroken...

Now the monk appeared directly in front of the Heavenly Dao Star Lord. The Star Lord, who was undergoing psychological treatment, was so frightened that he almost lost his breath.

This situation made the monk sigh.

In the final analysis, this is caused by insufficient cultivation.

He was also beaten by Wang Ling.

Although the monk was reflecting on himself after being beaten, he was not yet autistic.

Being able to fight against strong people. The biggest benefit is the summary after the battle. The stronger you fight, the more you can discover your own shortcomings.

If you blindly stare at the side of your failure, it is natural for your Taoist heart to collapse.

Previously, the monk also heard about Wang Ling's battle on Heavenly Dao.

But he didn't expect that the Heavenly Dao Star Lord's mind would be so fragile.

"How long has he been like this?"

Jin Deng looked at the star Lord Heavenly Dao who had passed out with a listless face, and asked the little girl with naturally curly hair next to him.

He used his only remaining swastika to see through the little girl's true identity. She was an eight-winged god.

The king's chair that was originally used by the God Realm to guide the Star Lord's work was split into two halves...so they sent a lovely eight-winged god to assist the Heavenly Dao Star Lord in his work.

The monk sighed inwardly.

There is nothing so autistic about having such a lovely girl by your side day and night.

He has always had the idea of accepting a female monk as his disciple.

"He has been like this for a long time. Ever since he lost, he has become worse every day. I give him psychological counseling every day to no avail." The girl with natural curly hair sighed.

"How do you do tutoring?" The monk was curious.

"Just show him the video of himself being beaten over and over again! This is called aversion therapy!"

"..." The monk was shocked.

This girl with natural curly hair looks extremely cute, but she is obviously not an ordinary person.

"Are you sent by Ling Zhenren?" the girl with natural curls transformed by the Eight-Winged God suddenly asked with her big eyes flashing.

She was wearing a snow-white robe. Her whole body exuded an immortal aura. To use the words of young people on earth to label her... she was like a little angel!

"As expected of someone sent by Heavenly Dao." The monk nodded and made a Buddhist salute to the naturally curly girl.

He can see through girls with natural curly hair, which is extraordinary.

At least it has a pivotal position in the divine world.

And the wings behind the girl have not fully grown yet...

In the divine world, strength is determined by wings. There are gods with hundreds of wings or even thousands of wings.

But this thousand-winged god is not enough to Wang Ling drive his sword spirit to strike with a sword...

As for the girl in front of me.

The monk saw tens of thousands of pairs of wings through the swastika...

In an instant, the monk had a rough guess about the identity of this girl with naturally curly hair.

He faced the girl. He smiled and said, "I didn't expect that this poor monk would be able to meet the Lord Boundary King during this trip. He is really lucky."

The girl pursed her lips and wrinkled her beautiful eyebrows: "You saw through me at a glance. You are not an ordinary monk."

The so-called master's every move is fatal, nothing more than this.

The monk and the King of the Divine Realm met for the first time. They had already figured out each other's identity and purpose.

"It seems that the Lord Boundary King already knows the purpose of this poor monk's trip." The monk clasped his hands and maintained the Buddhist ritual.

A string of rosary beads hangs from the tiger's mouth of his right hand. Each bead exudes powerful spiritual energy.

"Don't call me Lord Boundary King. It's weird. Why don't I call you Monk. Just call me Ajuan." The girl with natural curly hair was unexpectedly approachable and approachable, which surprised Monk a lot.

"That poor monk is more respectful than obedient. Miss Ajuan." The monk smiled.

Ajuan nodded: "We need to upgrade the earth. The amount of work is huge. And many factors must be taken into consideration."

"Back then, Dao Ancestor Wang founded Heavenly Dao and then created the Divine Realm. The current culture of cultivation on earth actually originated from the Divine Realm."

"However, the vast majority of cultivators on earth now don't know the existence of the divine realm."

"This, the poor monk knows." The monk nodded.

"So. Once the earth is upgraded, after years of accumulation, the earth's cultivation civilization will eventually merge with the divine domain." It is no longer that kind of subsidiary relationship. And this matter will also involve the interests of many big families in the divine domain. ."

"Haha. Miss Ajuan is right."

The monk completely agreed with the girl.

However, he also has his own opinions and views on the merger: "The civilizations between the gods and the earth have the same origin. Even if there are short-term differences, the merger will be completed sooner or later. In the opinion of the poor monk, this is the best for now. opportunity..."

Regarding this matter, the monk and the girl actually knew it well.

Once the ancient Golden Men in the Unspeakable Land are unsealed, it will be a huge blow to the entire cultivation civilization.

By that time, it will not only be the earth that will suffer. Even the divine realm will be implicated.

Therefore, God's Domain will have to intervene sooner or later.

As for the interests of the big families in God's Domain, this point is actually easy to resolve.

If you feel unconvinced, then discuss it...

The children of the big families in God's Domain are now studying at Number 60 High School. In addition, there is Gu Shunzhi, the Heavenly Dao orderer. Several big families lead a rhythm. Even a vote can determine the winner.

If you don't want to discuss it, you want to use force to solve it.

The monk thought it would be easier to do.

At that time, a competition will be held directly in the God's Domain. The name will be: The First God's Domain Beating Competition!

Who can survive 10 palms! This matter can be discussed again!

At this time, the girl with natural curly hair raised her eyebrows: "Of course. If this is Ling Zhenren's decision and he wants my help, I won't refuse. But before that, I have a request. "

"Is Miss Ajuan's request related to the Star Master?" the monk guessed.

"There are a lot of procedures for upgrading the earth. I can't be responsible for all the steps alone. Someone has to do it for me!" the girl said.

"I understand, poor monk." Hearing this, the monk nodded slightly.

Heavenly Dao Star Lord. It seems to be the Star Lord. In fact, the entire Heavenly Dao Star is developed from the God Realm as a civilization.

This is similar to the relationship between the divine realm and the earth...

The so-called Heavenly Dao star master is actually more like a servant of God.

This is the God Realm imitating what Dao Ancestor Wang did back then.

I want to use this method of expanding the planet to make my own civilization flourish.

"In that case, then the poor monk dared to give it a try." The monk stared at the fainted Heavenly Dao Star Lord and smiled helplessly.

"I knew you had a way, monk!" The girl with natural curly hair applauded.

No way. Just consecrate it.

The monk put his hand on the heart of Heavenly Dao Star Lord.

Spiritual consecration is also within the scope of consecration.

However, monks usually do not use it on people.

Because the effect of spiritual consecration is too strong, sequelae are prone to occur.

The advantages are obvious. There are also disadvantages.

The advantages are: it has the effect of enlightening people, suddenly becoming enlightened, and getting rid of distracting thoughts...

Disadvantages: Will enter sage mode for a short period of time.

The sage mode of earthly cultivators usually involves clearing all their cloud disks, formatting their hard drive data, and deleting all seed files...

For some fat people, this kind of spiritual consecration is a bit too cruel.

But there is one thing to say.

After clearing the cloud disk hard drive.

It is true that the body can get better (funny).





Chapter 1280 The wonderful adventure of Sun Rong


As for the sequelae of spiritual consecration, monks see it more among cultivators on earth.

The Heavenly Dao Star Lord is from the Shenlong Clan. From the perspective of earthlings, this is an alien creature...who knows what kind of problems will arise.

The monk has been worried about this situation.

It wasn't until a few minutes later that the Heavenly Dao star master woke up after the "spiritual consecration" was completed...

"What's wrong with me?" Star Lord opened his eyes, revealing the unique crimson vertical spear of his Shenlong Clan.

Compared to the depressed state before, Heavenly Dao Star Master's face has obviously improved a lot.

The girl with natural curly hair applauded even more fiercely: "Wow! Monk! You are so awesome! I showed him so many videos but he still can't be cured. Just touch it with your hands and it will be cured!"

"Miss Ajuan, I'm sorry. She's just a little kid."

The monk smiled bitterly and shook his head: "But I have to remind Miss Ajuan. Now that she's healed, don't show him the video anymore."

Everyone's acceptance level is different.

The monk is mainly worried that the Heavenly Dao star will become autistic again after watching the video.

"Na na na! Monk! Can you touch me too!" The girl revealed her starry eyes with an extremely envious expression.

"Miss Ajuan is in good health. It will have no effect if the poor monk touches her." The monk smiled awkwardly.

"Does that mean it only needs to be broken somewhere?" the girl asked.

"Yes. Whether it's a person or an object." The monk answered truthfully.

After all, the other party is the king of the divine realm. The monk still maintains considerable etiquette and does not dare to cross the line in the slightest.

Although he had previously had the idea of accepting a female monk as his disciple when he first saw the girl.

However, when he learned about the origin of the girl with natural curly hair, he gave up completely this year.

He also knew that it would be impossible for a divine realm king to be his disciple...

"Then something is broken! Monk, can you fix it?" At this time, the girl who wanted to see the monk's magical consecration technique asked hopefully.

"What is it?" Jin Deng asked, raising his eyebrows.

"Membrane." The girl replied at the speed of light.

"Membrane..." The monk held his forehead. The horror in his heart was like a stormy sea.

He didn't expect that the legendary King of the God Realm would be so open and bold...

For a moment, the monk's thoughts were confused.

He didn't know how to answer the girl's question.

"Is this difficult to repair?" Miss Ajuan frowned when she saw the monk's slightly troubled expression.

"..." The monk fell silent.

He wanted to speak bluntly. This thing will break when it reaches a certain age...

But he felt that it would be too straightforward if he said it directly. As a monk, he should be more reserved.

But at the next moment, the girl took out her mobile phone: "Look, the film on my mobile phone is cracked!"

"Oh, it turns out to be a mobile phone screen protector..."

The monk suddenly understood. He breathed a long sigh of relief and began to reflect sincerely. As a serious and enlightened monk, why did he think of some strange knowledge...

He said "Amitabha" more than ten times in his mind.

Then he reached out and touched the girl's cell phone.

This film was opened and restored to like new.

And the hardness is several levels higher than before.

It can even be used to block big moves.

"Thank you, monk!"

Miss Ajuan thanked her. Then she patted Heavenly Dao Star Lord on the back and said, "And you! Thank you, Master!"

"Thank you, Master..." Heavenly Dao Star Lord was stunned and thanked him one after another.

"You shouldn't be afraid of Ling Zhenren now, right?"

In order to confirm that his spiritual consecration technique had no sequelae, the monk asked.

Judging from the current results, everything seems to be normal on the surface.

However, at the next moment, Heavenly Dao Xingzhu opened his own dragon claws: "Thank you, Master. I am not afraid at all now! I even feel like I can beat Ling Zhenren to death!"

Jin Deng, Ajuan girl: "..."

"Monk. Why is this happening?" Miss Ajuan asked worriedly.

She felt that the intensity of the consecration was a bit too violent...

"It's okay. The sequelae are probably overconfidence. I hope Miss Ajuan takes a good look at him. If he is shot to death by Ling Zhenren... the poor monk can't be saved even with the consecration technique..."

"..."

...

On the other side. Zhuo Yi holds the Buddha's Golden Lotus in his hand. He stares at the girl's soul sealed in the Golden Lotus.

Zhuo Yi feels like he is holding a mini figure with full-body stereoscopic projection.

When Sun Rong was guided into the Golden Lotus by the monk, his soul was still sleeping peacefully.

But now there are signs of waking up.

"Zhuo Yi Senior?"

After the girl's soul woke up, she looked at the Buddha's Golden Lotus with a surprised expression.

--etc!

This line seems a bit familiar!

Fortunately, Zhuo Yi was already prepared. He took out his mobile phone. He opened the question and answer document he had typed before. Then he manually clicked on the artificial speech recognition playback function...

About ten minutes later, all the questions were answered. The girl finally understood her current situation.

"So I can still be saved now, right?" Sun Rong smiled.

Zhuo Yi sighed in his heart that Sun Rong is so big-hearted. He can still maintain such an optimistic attitude at this time.

"Thank you, senior Zhuo Yi, for telling me these things about classmate Wang Ling. I will keep it confidential." Sun Rong promised.

"Hey. Actually..." Zhuo Yi was a little embarrassed: "Actually, I shouldn't have told you this. Master has always been very low-key. And Sun Rong Junior Sister, in fact, everything I'm telling you now Things. You will forget them when your soul returns to your body..."

After much thought, Zhuo Yi decided to tell the girl this cruel fact.

He doesn't want to cheat Sun Rong.

"I understand, Senior Zhuo Yi."

Sun Rong nodded: "But I will try my best not to forget it!"

"Then come on, Sun Rong school girl..." Zhuo Yi smiled politely.

In his opinion, it is almost impossible to return to the physical body and still retain the memory.

"Um, senior Zhuo Yi, can you do me a favor?" At this time, the girl suddenly asked.

"Sun Rong Junior said it's okay." Zhuo Yi nodded.

"It's like this, Zhuo Yi senior... I've always wanted to see what kind of comments the outside world has on me after I lay on the hospital bed." Sun Rong said.

She has always been the eldest lady of the Huaguo Shui Lian Group. Everyone around her is extremely respectful to her. This makes Sun Rong feel unreal. But this time after the Yin and Yang Death Tribulation incident.

For girls, this may be a good plan to hear the truth.

"Sun Rong, school girl, are you sure? The reality may be much crueler..." There are different opinions on this matter from the outside world. Zhuo Yi always feels that if he agrees to the request like this, he may be dissatisfied with Sun Rong causes damage.

"I just want to hear the truth."

Sun Rong always maintained a generous and decent smile: "And Zhuo Yi senior, didn't you say that after I return to the body, everything will be forgotten? So even if I hear some bad remarks, it shouldn't matter, right? "

Zhuo Yi is silent.

After a while, he still said: "Tell me. Sun Rong Junior School Girl. What do you want to do? I will fully cooperate with you."





Chapter 1281 The wonderful adventure of Sun Rong


Following the instructions of Sun Rong. Zhuo Yi and Death Heavenly Dao began to organize the {Great Sacrifice Technique}.

This spell was previously cast by Wang Ling specifically for Taoist Guang.

At that time, Lord Diu Lei used this technique to burn many things into it.

But now, Daoist Guang is still addicted to being a network anchor in his own independent soul space and cannot extricate himself. (For a review of the past, please see Chapter 411: Eat more chicken. You can do it too)

On the physical side of the hospital. Death Heavenly Dao called out a few more Heavenly Dao little Golden Men to take care of the lower world.

He and Zhuo Yi acted together. They went to the luxurious villa where the girl lived.

Zhuo Yi drove to the door. He saw several maids sorting the gifts piled on the ground at the door.

These gifts are beautifully packaged. There are hundreds of them, stacked high like a hill.

"Hello." Zhuo Yi held up the Golden Lotus and took the initiative to ask about the situation.

The head maid put her broom aside and tried to keep a smile: "Well, the lady is in the hospital now. She is still being treated. Thank you for taking the time to send condolences. Just put the things on the ground. We appreciate your kindness. I will convey this to you...We are currently not accepting foreign visitors."

Obviously, the head maid was quite helpless about the situation in front of her.

In the past two days, they have received no less than a hundred pieces of condolence gifts, large and small. Everyone who came asked twice. After confirming the situation, they put down the gifts and left.

The head maid has said this rhetoric hundreds of times in the past two days. She can almost recite it backwards.

Zhuo Yi sighed inwardly at the professionalism of the head maid.

No matter how busy and tiring you are at work, you will never write your emotions directly on your expression when facing outsiders.

"This is Aunt Qiu. She is the head maid who has always taken good care of me!" At this time, the girl in Buddha's Golden Lotus said.

Death Heavenly Dao has established an independent spiritual chat channel. Everything spoken by Sun Rong can be transmitted to the ears of Zhuo Yi and death Heavenly Dao.

Aunt Qiu has always been a maid who puts the overall situation first. She is honest and kind-hearted, and treats others warmly and politely.

Now Sun Rong is hiding in the Golden Lotus and watching all this.

The performance of the head maid did not disappoint her.

"Are you Aunt Qiu?" Zhuo Yi smiled.

"Who are you?" Aunt Qiu was stunned. Not many people knew her name, unless they were members of the family.

But she looked at Zhuo Yi very strangely. She didn't look like someone from the family. However, this face became more and more familiar to Aunt Qiu: "I remembered. You are the one on TV... Carry it on your hairy legs!"

Zhuo Yi: "???"

Sun Rong: "It seems that the first time Aunt Qiu met Senior Zhuo was at the spirit sword exchange meeting reported by the local station... and she seems to only remember this incident."

"..." Zhuo Yi feels very wronged.

He obviously took the blame for so many earth-shattering things.

In the end, only people remembered the embarrassment he made on the day of the Spirit Sword Exchange Meeting...

"Hello Aunt Qiu...my name is Zhuo Yi."

"Yes, yes! I remembered it!" Aunt Qiu showed a bright smile: "You are Miss Sun Rong's senior, right? When I heard Miss Sun Rong talk about things in school, she talked the second most. It's you." "Where's the one with the most?"

"A classmate named Wang Ling."

Zhuo Yi: "..." You are indeed a master!

Aunt Qiu: "I wonder what Mr. Zhuo is here for this time?"

"That's right. We were entrusted by Mr. Boss Sun. We are here to bring some of Miss Sun Rong's clothes and some daily necessities."

Zhuo Yi followed the instructions of Sun Rong. After speaking, he also showed his work ID: "The Mr. Wang next to me is a staff member who is traveling with me."

"Oh. So that's it."

Aunt Qiu nodded: "Just follow me. I will lead you to Miss Sun's room."

After saying that, the old aunt told the maids at the door: "You guys, please gather up the condolences at the door and send them to the warehouse. I'll come over later to take stock."

"Yes."

The maids responded one after another.

Then he lowered his head and started busy with the work at hand as instructed.

...

When passing the huge garden fountain in the atrium, Zhuo Yi couldn't help but ask: "Who are the people who come to deliver gifts at the door? Are you familiar with Sun Rong's school girl?"

"Not familiar."

Aunt Qiu shook her head: "Some are partners around our group. Others are here to inquire about information."

"Prying for information?"

"Miss is seriously ill. It will definitely have an impact on the stock. These capitalists want to explore the truth."

Aunt Qiu frowned and said: "We are one of the largest pill-making companies in the world. We have developed countless life-saving pills. If we can't even save the life of our young master, the impact will be absolutely huge... Of course, the master himself is very good. Miss Pai Xi. He doesn't care about the stock issue. But he can't help others caring."

"What about these gifts?"

"Put it in the warehouse first. Then return it all when you have the opportunity." Aunt Qiu said.

She led Zhuo Yi forward.

The Sun family villa is surprisingly large. Zhuo Yi felt like I had walked for several minutes. I had just reached the door.

Arriving at the splendid main hall, Aunt Qiu took out the remote control and began to operate the lifting platform embedded in the center.

"This is..."

"Teleportation circle. It can save some distance." Aunt Qiu said.

"..." Zhuo Yi sighed inwardly.

This is the world of rich people after all. He doesn't understand...

I actually need to set up teleportation at home.

Only later did Zhuo Yi find out that such teleportation circles were spread throughout every corner of the Sun family villa.

On the one hand, it makes it easier for people to move around. On the other hand, it can also effectively prevent some visitors from visiting the villa randomly and seeing things they shouldn't see.

Sun Rong's room is on the south side of the villa. There is also a very grand living room in the middle. The teleportation array is not directly accessible. It requires a second teleportation.

And when Zhuo Yi and several people were teleported to the living room. Zhuo Yi heard the noise in the living room.

"You are not allowed to enter the hospital. You people who are usually so close to Sun Rong's sister don't know the news? Why do I not believe it so much?" A young man with a tall nose sat on the sofa in the living room with his legs crossed. superior.

In front of him stood a row of six maids in total.

The young man's attitude was arrogant. His whole body exuded the air of a playboy.

The clothes he wears are quite human-like. However, Zhuo Yi sees too many people. You can tell what kind of person he is from his conversation.

But Zhuo Yi didn't mind his own business.

The person who can still enter this living room at this juncture probably has something to do with Sun Rong.

It must be someone within the family.

Seeing the maids lowering their heads and refusing to speak, the young man pretended to be heartbroken.

"I know. Aunt Qiu told you not to leak any information. It's very difficult for you. But you also need to know. I am Sun Rong's sister's cousin! This relationship is thicker than water. I want to know something about my sister. Current situation. Any questions?"

As he spoke, the young man snapped his fingers. A bodyguard in black put the huge black suitcase on the coffee table: "I'm Fan Xing. I'm not a stingy person. I answered the question today. The money in the box is just Take it as a bonus. Take it as you like! But if you refuse to say it, you will be responsible for the consequences!"

...

"Mr. Zhuo, Mr. Wang. I'm sorry for making you laugh. The younger members of this family are ignorant. They are just troublesome."

In front of the living room door. Aunt Qiu turned around and apologized to Zhuo Yi and others.

If an outsider comes to cause trouble, it will be easier for her to handle it. She can just take action.

It just so happens that Fan Xing is from within the family.

Aunt Qiu still treated me politely.

In order to find out information about Sun Rong, Fan Xing has been staying here for two whole days.

Now that she heard Fan Xing threatening her maids with her own ears, Aunt Qiu finally couldn't bear it anymore.

However, she still maintained a very professional smile. She walked forward with a kind face and said: "Master Fan, I remember I made it very clear. The lady is in the hospital. She is safe and sound. Master Fan has nothing to worry about."

"Really?"

Fan Xing smiled: "But how did I hear that she is dying?"

Aunt Qiu was already taking a deep breath: "Master Fan, please. Don't listen to unconfirmed news."

"What a pity."

Fan Xing shrugged: "Sun Rong Before I got sick, my sister had a lifelong relationship with me. Now she falls ill. If she doesn't wake up, who can I talk to to reason? You can give up if you want me to. . Please Boss Sun, please come out and talk about compensating me. I am a boy who is easily hurt both mentally and physically."

Aunt Qiu suppressed her anger: "Master Fan...ruined the reputation of the young lady. What good will it do to you?"

Fan Xing haha: "Aunt Qiu, do you think you know Sun Rong sister very well? I have a lot of exclusive news about Sun Rong sister here."

...

In the Buddha's Golden Lotus, when the girl saw the person coming, she also had one head and four heads.

Sun Rong: "I knew he would come to cause trouble..."

In the spiritual space. She communicates with Zhuo Yi, Death Heavenly Dao.

Zhuo Yi: "Sun Rong Don’t you like this person?"

Sun Rong: "He was once one of my suitors..."

Zhuo Yi was shocked: "Isn't this your cousin!"

Sun Rong held his forehead with a headache: "He said that he had undergone blood transfusion all over his body. His whole body is full of high-quality genes. There is no orthopedic component at all..."

"What a disgusting person!"

Zhuo Yi secretly sneered. Immediately he asked Death Heavenly Dao: "Senior, can you look at this person's lifespan?"

"He will be sent to the hospital soon." At this time, Heavenly Dao stared at the young man on the sofa.

Fan Xing didn't know why, but suddenly felt a chill down his spine.

"What are you going to do, senior?" Zhuo Yi asked in the mental space.

"Have you seen the movie?"

"What movie?"

"{Death is coming}"

Death Heavenly Dao snorted.





Chapter 1282 Death is coming


This chilling feeling went straight to the soul. It gave Fan Xing goosebumps all over his body.

However, he still did not give up the idea of seeking information.

Although there are rumors outside that Sun Rong is critically ill, this matter is of great importance. The young man cannot just listen to the outside world's words. That's why he thought of coming to the villa where Sun Rong lives to find out the truth.

There are ten thousand sincere thoughts in his heart. Sun Rong It is best to die.

As long as we can get confirmation of death.

He can immediately ask several stock traders under the company to accurately cash out from the stock market.

If we act now, there are actually risks.

The young man's savings are not very large. He wants to do something big this time and invest all his funds.

Therefore. This requires more robustness.

For the past two days, he continued to stay here and cause trouble. He used various rogue methods to try to anger the head maid here and the maids below, so as to find out the truth.

However, everyone here is tight-lipped. No matter what he asks, he refuses to say more than a word.

This makes Fan Xing feel a little uncomfortable.

This is. Fan Xing turned his attention to Zhuo Yi who was standing next to Aunt Qiu.

He knew that Zhuo Yi was Sun Rong's senior. There must be some connection between the two.

Moreover, Zhuo Yi also has a special work permit from the Huaguo Shui Lian Group hanging on his chest.

This suddenly gave Fan Xing new hope.

Maybe. Zhuo Yi might know something.

Obviously, the young man did not realize that his behavior was seeking death.

"Isn't this Zhuo General Administration?"

Fan Xing said with a hint of contempt: "I wonder why an outsider from the General Administration of Zhuo came to my Sun Rong sister's place? My sister and I have already made a private life. You come here now to show your courtesy. Isn't it too late? A little more?"

Zhuo Yi's mouth twitched fiercely. Not to mention Aunt Qiu. He couldn't help it anymore!

But in this matter, senior Heavenly Dao has already taken action. Zhuo Yi just needs to be patient and watch the show.

Fan Xing felt a little uncomfortable being stared at by the young man in overalls.

He didn't know why. He always felt a biting chill when he looked at this young man.

So Fan Xing frowned again and said, "General Director Zhuo is also the senior of my Sun Rong junior schoolmate. This great master came out of nowhere?"

DeathHeavenly Dao: "..."

fan

As soon as he finished speaking, Fan Xing felt that his body was getting colder and colder for some reason.

He snorted and stood up from the sofa. He glanced at the maids and said, "I seem to have caught a cold. I'm going back to my room first. Make me a bowl of ginger soup and prepare a typhoid recovery pill for me." Otherwise don’t ask for a tip!"

After saying that, the young man left with a few bodyguards in black and arrogance on his face.

"Senior...you won't do anything?"

Zhuo Yi can't bear it anymore.

Death Heavenly Dao's voice was cold: "The timer has started. In less than 24 hours, he will be sent to the hospital..."

Previously, Heavenly Dao did have the urge to stare Fan Xing to death with one glance.

His eyes are: Heavenly Dao·Direct Gaze·Devil Eye of Death...

As long as you activate the power and stare at a person for more than 10 seconds, the person will die immediately.

However, due to Fan Xing's continued provocation, Heavenly Dao changed his mind.

Just stare this guy to death. It's a bit too easy on him...

Being half dead is the greatest torture.

In the mental space. Sun Rong asked curiously: "Senior. What will happen to my cousin?"

Death Heavenly Dao: "Don't worry, Miss Sun. He won't die. But this life is over."

Sun Rong sighed: "I didn't expect him to be so vicious."

As soon as Fan Xing left, Aunt Qiu naturally apologized.

Fan Xing has been staying here for the past two days, which has given her a headache.

Aunt Qiu: "I made you two laugh.

It's my fault. I shouldn't have let him in in the first place. "It's okay, Aunt Qiu. Such people will naturally have their retribution." Zhuo Yi said with a smile.

...

On the other side, Fan Xing felt uncomfortable all over when he returned to the room.

I don’t know why. It’s getting colder and colder.

He was lying on the bed in the guest room. His body went limp. He felt like he had lost all his strength.

"Oops. The young master seems to have a fever. Go ask the private doctor in the villa to come and take a look."

"No. I've inquired before...this private doctor has also been transferred to the hospital for a meeting to discuss."

Several accompanying bodyguards were discussing.

"What nonsense are you talking about! Why don't you rush those maids when you have the time!" Fan Xing shouted in a low voice. After hearing this, several bodyguards stepped back and left the room.

At this moment, Fan Xing was the only one left in the room.

Murderous intent. Coming quietly...

His head rested on the pillow.

I don't know why. Fan Xing feels that today's pillow seems to be particularly soft.

He closed his eyes and rested for a while.

However, not long after, the young man began to feel a stuffy feeling.

He felt that his breathing was starting to become difficult.

In an instant, Fan Xing suddenly jumped up from the bed like a dying salted fish!

"What...is going on?"

Then he was surprised to find out.

I don’t know when the pillow actually got a big hole!

All the loose cotton wool flowed into his nostrils and mouth!

"Bah, bah, bah... ugh..."

Try to dig out the foreign objects in your mouth and nose.

Fan Xing knelt on the ground. He stared at the ground and dug out the clumps of cotton wool soaked with his saliva and nose from his mouth and nose.

The strange sight in front of him made him feel frightened.

He realized he couldn't stay alone in the room any longer!

"Come on! Come on!" he shouted.

However, there was no movement at all outside the guest room door.

The bodyguards were scolded by him and sent away to urge the maids to prepare soup. No one was left to guard him...

"Damn it!" Fan Xing gritted his teeth. He threw himself on the door and angrily turned the door handle.

then!

A loud sound!

The entire handle was twisted off by him.

Fan Xing: "???"

However, the young man didn't realize why he could unscrew the bedroom door handle so easily.

A screw on the door suddenly fell down at this moment and rolled down to the young man's feet.

Fan Xing was in a trance and didn't even notice the situation under his feet. He stepped on the screws with his bare feet.

The severe pain came instantly!

Access the whole body!

Amidst the screams, the young man lost his balance.

While stumbling, I saw myself about to hit the edge of the bed!

Fan Xing used the last of his strength to instill spiritual energy into the top of his head!

Strengthened the hardness of my head!

The next moment, his "iron head" hit the edge of the bed.

The huge impact caused the entire bed to be lifted up. Thomas completed a perfect 360° full rotation in the air and then pressed heavily on his lower body...

"Master! The medicine is here!"

The bodyguard has rushed back. He is holding medicine in his hand.

Hearing the movement inside the door, he quickly kicked the door in and said, "Master, what's wrong with you!"

The bedroom door was kicked open, like a spinning guillotine, hitting Fan Xing directly on the top of his head.

Suddenly, the bedroom was filled with blood...





Chapter 1283 A person worse off than President Bai


The ambulance arrived at the Sun family villa half an hour later.

When the emergency doctor arrived, Fan Xing was still pinned under the bed.

"Why don't you pull your young master out?"

"What if I get a strain?" The bodyguards looked at each other.

The reason why they didn't dare to move was not because of anything else. The main reason was that they were afraid of causing secondary harm to their young master.

"If you pull it out, it will fracture again at most. In this situation, the edge of the bed directly compresses the back..."

The emergency doctor did not dare to continue talking.

Judging from his personal experience.

Even if Fan Xing is eventually rescued, he will probably still be paralyzed.

However, considering that Fan Xing is related to the Huaguo Shui Lian Group after all.

If the Huaguo Shui Lian Group is willing to provide some good elixirs for improving the body.

I can barely walk again. But I'm not sure about the other things...

With the current cultivation medical technology, physical damage and bone fractures are not a big deal to cultivators.

What I fear most is actually nerve damage.

Even if Fan Xing can be rescued and regain the ability to walk, he will only become a cripple in the end.

There may even be problems with balance.

Not to mention flying with a sword. Running is also a problem.

After a simple identification and bandaging, the emergency doctor directed the people at the scene to finally dig out Fan Xing, who had been pressed under the bed for a long time, and put him on a stretcher.

"Doctor. What happened to my young master?"

"I also want to ask you what's going on...why can the room look like a car accident scene even if you're asleep!"

The bodyguard looked aggrieved: "It seemed like a doorknob top. The nail fell. The young master didn't pay attention. He stepped on the nail. Then he lost his balance due to severe pain and hit the bed. The whole bed turned over..."

"Where is that door?" the doctor asked.

"When I kicked in the door to save the young master, I accidentally stabbed him..." the bodyguard said.

"..."

The emergency doctor sighed. Then he made a preliminary assessment of Fan Xing's injuries.

"The skull is shattered, and brain fluid mixed with blood seeps out from the cracks."

"The sole of the foot was pierced by a black iron nail. There may be tetanus."

"The spine is compressed. Causing intermittent shock."

"Because I fell to the ground all of a sudden. The floor in the room is made of fine black stone. It is extremely hard. As a result, your young master's knee was shattered."

"At the same time, there was also a rib that pierced the chest after being fractured. It was somehow inserted into the sac of the lower body..."

"What pouch?"

"A man...what else can he have?"

When the emergency doctor said this, he couldn't help but feel sad in his heart.

A rib can string together the contents of the bag like mutton kebabs...

He had never seen such a magical operation.

Of course. This is not the end.

"The strangest thing is that there is still cotton wool in the mouth... I just used the scanning tool to take a brief look. Some of the cotton wool is blocked in the lungs and stomach. Surgery needs to be performed as soon as possible."

"Then...then can my young master be saved..."

The bodyguards looked shocked.

With such a big incident happening to Fan Xing, they may not be able to keep their jobs.

"This is also the strangest thing about me..."

The emergency doctor glanced at Fan Xing on the stretcher.

All these injuries are not considered fatal. But when added together, they are enough to kill a person.

But the strangest thing is that Fan Xing is still breathing...

He. Still living tenaciously...

When the ambulance arrived at Sun's villa earlier, the emergency doctors already thought something was wrong. Because of the long distance, it took them a long time to get here.

According to the bodyguard's description, Fan Xing's injury seems to be very serious. It should be said that there is no hope of treatment...

Who knows, even with such serious injuries, Fan Xing is still breathing.

"It seems everything is God's will."

At this time, the emergency doctor stared at Fan Xing and sighed in his heart.

He feels that Fan Xing is really lucky.

If it weren't for God's blessing, how could this man still be alive?

...

Fan Xing him. He walked peacefully.

He was sent out of the Sun family villa lying on a stretcher.

The accompanying bodyguards followed behind, crying and mourning.

In the room of Sun Rong. Zhuo Yi looked at this scene from a distance. It felt as if Fan Xing was really dead.

"Senior Heavenly Dao. Is he really still alive?" Zhuo Yi looked unbelievable.

"Actually, rather than letting someone die, I'm actually better at pressing the blood line. That is to keep people in a half-dead state."

Death Heavenly Dao said: "There used to be an old saying that evil people will be rewarded. This is actually true. For these evil people, I often come up with some blood-breaking methods to let them die after suffering painful punishment. ..and these people usually end up committing suicide."

Sun Rong, Zhuo Yi: "..."

Zhuo Yi: "Sun Rong school girl. What should we do next?"

Sun Rong: "The next thing is very simple. Senior Zhuo, please clean up all the things in my room. Then find a secluded place to burn them together for me."

Zhuo Yi: "All burned?"

Sun Rong thought about it carefully: "Ah! There are two things that cannot be burned!"

"What?"

"Just keep my wardrobe and desk for now."

It's not that the girl is reluctant to part with it. It's that there are some private clothes in the closet.

It seems a bit inappropriate to take this out and burn it in broad daylight...

As for the desk.

The textbooks left inside are second best.

But the girl remembered the copybook she had secretly hidden earlier.

The characters of Wang Ling are very beautiful.

She has been imitating secretly.

Zhuo Yi is the apprentice of Wang Ling.

How embarrassing it would be if senior Zhuo Yi saw him imitating Wang Ling's calligraphy...

"What about the other stuff?"

"It's all burned. Just buy more."

"OK..."

Zhuo Yi smiled bitterly. After all, this is the thinking of rich people.

Use {Great Sacrifice Technique} in conjunction with Heavenly Dao of Death.

Except for the two items specified by Sun Rong, which were not burned, Zhuo Yi almost burned everything in the girl's room.

It is like moving Sun Rong's own room into the inner space of Buddha's Golden Lotus.

"Want to burn WiFi?" Zhuo Yi asked.

"No need, Senior Zhuo. We can receive network signals here." Sun Rong replied.

"..."

Zhuo Yi was stunned for a moment.

But when I thought about it, it wasn't so strange.

This Buddha Golden Lotus was originally something that the monk kept for himself for self-protection.

It is estimated that the monk has also thought about the operation of surfing the Internet in the soul space.

Nothing matters these days. Even if you die...you can't disconnect from the Internet!

Therefore, the Buddha Space also comes with a private WiFi set up by Jin Deng himself. As long as you are in the Buddha Golden Lotus space, you can automatically connect.

After restoring the Internet function, Sun Rong logged in to his account.

Because he is the president of the student union. Sun Rong is the group leader of the 60 High School group.

Regarding her matter, not to mention the class group, even the campus group had very lively discussions.

However, Sun Rong was not in a hurry to report to everyone that he was safe.

It's the same as Wang Ling. I learned to peek at the screen...





Chapter 1284 The fun of peeking at the screen


Everything was as the girl expected. The amount of discussion about her topic remained high. It was discussed in almost every group.

When a topic triggers national participation and discussion, all kinds of rumors will naturally follow.

However, these situations have long been within the expectation of Sun Rong.

What the girl wanted was this effect. She wanted to see what kind of attitude she would take after learning that she was about to die of a critical illness.

After a multi-faceted summary, Sun Rong has roughly divided the current online messages into the following categories.

[1: Deep sympathy to the party]

This is a group of compassionate and kind-hearted people. They are even more valuable against the backdrop of the general environment.

"Ah! Wasn't the president fine when she competed a few days ago? Why did she suddenly... Who knows what hospital the president is in? I want to see her!"

"I didn't expect that something like this would happen to my classmate Sun Rong. Pray for her! I hope she will overcome the disease as soon as possible and get over the difficulties!"

"I heard that many experts have already conducted consultations! They can definitely save classmate Sun Rong! [Pray][Pray]"

...

[2: The Twilight Party]

This kind of people are different from the serious "onmyoji". They belong to the Internet onmyoji!

To put it simply, the words of these people seem to be good words, but there is a hint of ridicule in them, which makes people unhappy.

And those with high ranks are also called: Great! Yin! Yang! Master!

Junior Onmyoji: "Isn't the Huaguo Shui Lian Group the strongest elixir-making company in the world..."

Intermediate Onmyoji: "Hey. Mr. Sun is so rich that he can't cure his disease. How can we, the scumbags in the Foundation Building period, survive?"

Senior Onmyoji: "I heard that the experts coming for this consultation are all Taishan Beidou [funny]!"

The Great Onmyoji: "emm...I'm not trying to start a fight. I just want to ask. What is the origin of this person? To be able to gather so many medical experts and such good medical resources? I'm envious! [So happy]"

...

[3: Following the trend and spreading rumors]

A great characteristic of this type of people is that they can basically selectively ignore official news. And they are endlessly interested in some gossip circulating on the Internet.

The biggest difference between the so-called "following the trend and eating melon" and "ordinary eating melon" is that the people who follow the trend and eat melon will not pay attention to the authenticity of the incident. They will only believe what they believe.

"I just saw the news shared by the best friend of a classmate Sun Rong in another group. It said that classmate Sun Rong most likely contracted the disease on Jiulong Mountain. I didn’t expect that during the competition, she would Doing that kind of thing with some boys..."

"Is it true? Isn't Mr. Sun always very discerning?"

"You know people well but don't know their hearts. I didn't know that Mr. Sun was such a person. A fly will never bite an egg. I think there may be something wrong with Mr. Sun's style."

...

When she was still "alive", no one dared to discuss these things, whether in reality or in online chat groups.

This is a novel experience!

Sun Rong looked at these chat records. I didn’t feel very angry, because these were nothing but facts.

On the contrary, she seemed a little excited.

Because for the first time she felt the joy of peeking at the screen.

When Sun Rong took a screenshot of this group chat record and shared it with Zhuo Yi, Zhuo Yi smiled coldly: "Sun Rong, don't worry, schoolgirl. There are always people who will spread rumors. Real news."

"I didn't care. I just thought it was a bit funny." Sun Rong laughed.

"Sun Rong The school girl is so awesome." Zhuo Yi praised.

"I have expected this to happen for a long time. Usually some people are embarrassed to say it. Now I probably know that I can't be saved. So why don't you let go of your courage?"

The girl said this. She forwarded another picture to Zhuo Yi: "Zhuo Yi Senior, look. There are also P pictures!"

...

And this is the fourth type of people summarized by Sun Rong: [P-picture party made out of nothing]

"Look! I have here screenshots of classmate Sun Rong chatting with others! And someone even got the account of classmate Sun Rong's external Latte social platform.

It turns out that classmate Sun Rong has always liked girls... "No way??? [eating melon]"

"There are screenshots! It's absolutely true! Moreover, there are many photos of girls uploaded to Classmate Sun's external account! They are suspected to be her ex-girlfriend!"

"Oh my god. I feel like I've eaten something big! No wonder my classmate Sun Rong rejected my confession before. It turns out she doesn't like me, but doesn't like boys..."

"Sun Rong junior classmate, do you know who did it?" Zhuo Yi asked.

In fact, if you look carefully at these circulating P-pictures, you can see that they are fake.

Because the background color of the font is completely different from the background color. And the picture is slightly blurry. And there is a heavy watermark in the lower right corner of the picture...

But obviously, people who are interested in spreading the news don’t care about these things.

They only care about how big a melon they eat.

"I probably know." Sun Rong nodded.

Who else could it be?

It's nothing more than the group of people from the "Warrior Club". That is, a group of boys who were rejected by her and then turned negative... (For a review of the previous situation, see Chapter 1088: {The Hu Rong Club and the Warriors Can})

"Do you want me to go to them and ask them to clarify?" Zhuo Yi asked with concern.

Some people go to P-pictures to spread rumors and spread unfounded stories. In fact, the main reasons are nothing more than the following two points.

One is that there is too little homework. The other is that I feel that I am not responsible for posting things on the Internet.

It is a matter of honor for a girl. Zhuo Yi wanted to intervene directly to help Sun Rong clarify.

It turns out that Sun Rong is more patient than Zhuo Yi imagined.

"No need, Senior Zhuo Yi. They're all fake anyway." Sun Rong said politely.

"Do you really don't have to worry about it?"

"The main reason is that it's useless to take care of it now, senior Zhuo Yi. The amount of communication isn't large yet. It doesn't even meet the standards for filing a case."

"So you want to..."

"Let's see if there is any fermentation after that. If the spread is enough to register a case, just go directly to the source." Sun Rong said calmly.

"Why do you feel like Sun Rong's junior classmate has seen many similar things?" Zhuo Yi couldn't help but ask.

"Previously, a competing company spread rumors and smeared the Huaguo Shui Lian Group. My grandfather also had people deal with it this way. Just endure it for now. Take a notebook and write it down. Wait until the sentence is enough to settle the account."

"..." Zhuo Yi was stunned.

It is said that it is never too late for a gentleman to take revenge in ten years!

This is the thinking of the successor of the consortium...

Sun Rong looked through all kinds of comments on the Internet. He was very happy: "Zhuo Yi Senior, this is the first time I have discovered that peeking into the screen is so interesting."

"That's right." Zhuo Yi nodded.

Although. He is sure that his master Wang Ling must also be peeking at the screen now!

"Zhuo Yi Senior."

At this time, the girl who was immersed in the fun of peeking at the screen suddenly had another whim.

Zhuo Yi: "?"

Sun Rong: "Say, what would happen if I were in a large group and sent a string of ellipses?"

Zhuo Yi: "..."

This is possible.

It will scare these people to death...





Chapter 1285 Sun Rong’s Little Book


After proposing to issue an "ellipsis".

The girl stared at the screen in front of her and fell into deep thought.

Zhuo Yi Actually, I’m really looking forward to the explosive effect of the girl’s ellipsis.

In a large group, whether it's those spreading rumors or those who follow the trend, when you see the person involved online, you still have to consider whether you will be legally responsible.

At that time, it will definitely trigger the "news withdrawal" of blockbusters!

This kind of collective withdrawal of news is really rare.

But obviously. Sun Rong has more issues to consider.

The girl hesitated for a moment. In the end, she did not send out the ellipses.

"Sun Rong junior school girl, why don't you show off a little bit?" Zhuo Yi asked with a smile.

"If I had sent an ellipsis, then classmate Wang Ling would definitely know. I already know that he is a powerful person." Sun Rong was very hesitant.

Zhuo Yi suddenly realized.

Only then did I realize that the girl was worried about this matter.

"Master, that's indeed what he said. He has always been very low-key." Zhuo Yi nodded.

"Then I'd better not post it. Otherwise, classmate Wang Ling will definitely be troubled."

So in the end, the girl closed the group chat with a determined look on her face and did not press the send button.

Zhuo Yi was deeply moved by Sun Rong's sensibility.

No wonder his master was willing to spend so much effort to save her.

"Who else knows about me being transferred to the Buddha's Golden Lotus?" Sun Rong asked at this time.

"So far, no one knows except me, Master, Master Jin Deng and Senior Heavenly Dao."

"Hey. Even grandpa doesn't know?"

"Yes."

"Fortunately. I didn't tell grandpa just now that he was safe. Otherwise, would he think it was haunted?" Sun Rong couldn't help but laugh.

"..."

"The preparations over there are almost complete." Death Heavenly Dao said at this moment.

He has been sensing the movements in heaven.

With the full cooperation of Master Jin Deng, the King of the Divine Realm, a grand Tribulation Transcendence ceremony is about to begin.

The Heavenly Dao star will use divine crystals to charge all underground spiritual veins on the earth.

As a result, the aura of the earth becomes richer and larger!

Let the earth complete the upgrade!

Thereby further liberating the realm restrictions on the earth!

"So fast?" Zhuo Yi was a little surprised.

Master Jin Deng moves at an unexpected speed.

"But there is one last step left."

DeathHeavenly Dao said.

This last step is actually very simple.

It's about convincing several major families in the God's Domain to agree to upgrade the Earth.

After all, it involves the interests of the upper-class families in the Divine Realm. Heavenly Dao feels that things may not be that simple. A big war is inevitable.

"Want to go take a look? Take your school girl with you." At this time, Death Heavenly Dao asked.

"Has my master gone?" Zhuo Yi asked worriedly.

"To deal with the few pieces of materials in the Divine Realm, there is no need for Ling Zhenren to do it himself. Master Jin Deng can handle it enough." Death Heavenly Dao said.

He also knew that Wang Ling would not go there in person. That's why he planned to let Zhuo Yi take Sun Rong with him to experience the big scene.

The lower-level cultivators watch the showdown between the upper-level cultivators. In addition to broadening their horizons, the understanding of "Dao" is also of great help.

This can be regarded as death. Heavenly Dao is opening a small stove for Sun Rong and Zhuo Yi.

On Earth, a cultivator in the Foundation Building stage usually never sees a True Immortal-level duel. Let alone a battle between cultivators on True Immortal.

"Can I go too?" Sun Rong was a little surprised.

"You can go, but how much you can remember is your own business. Don't forget it. After you return to the body, your memory will disappear." Death Heavenly Dao kindly reminded.

In fact, he was also making crazy hints to the girl.

Although the memory will disappear.

But a good memory is not as good as a bad pen!

Don’t you have a little notebook?

Just write down everything you want to remember and that’s it!

However, the death of Heavenly Dao cannot be directly explained.

All this ultimately depends on the girl's understanding...

"Senior, how are we going to get there?" Zhuo Yi asked.

"Put your hand on my shoulder. I can teleport directly."

Subsequently. Death Heavenly Dao hand-wringing method.

A golden light bloomed from under his feet and then reached the sky.

This transmission channel is exclusive to Heavenly Dao. It is the green channel leading to the divine realm.

When the channel is open, it cannot be noticed by non-designated personnel.

before official transmission.

Death Heavenly Dao glanced at Sun Rong inside the Buddha's Golden Lotus.

Obviously.

The girl had already received his hint.

I opened the cloud disk notepad on my computer in advance and planned to record the information manually.

This girl is quite smart...

Before the teleportation started, Death Heavenly Dao smiled coldly in his heart.

...

On the other side. In the meeting hall of Daoxuan Hall in the Divine Realm.

The top ten big families in terms of comprehensive combat power have sent their family representatives to the scene to discuss the upgrade of the earth.

Daoxuan Hall is a landmark building in the Divine Realm. It is similar to places like the National Assembly Hall.

At this moment in the meeting hall, the elders of several major families gathered here.

It's said to be a discussion. In fact, it's just a war of words.

"What? Upgrading Earth?"

"I disagree! I firmly disagree!"

"Back then, Dao Ancestor spread the cultivation culture to the earth. It was just for the continuation of civilization! And the Divine Realm is the cultivation tradition!"

At this time, an old man with a braided beard slapped the table and shouted excitedly.

"The divine realm is a peaceful place for cultivators. The highest place! Defilement is never allowed!"

This old man who looked very excited was Zhou Zhentian, the wealthy elder of the Zhou family, ranked fourth in the Divine Realm family list.

Although the monk had long expected this scene to happen.

However, when he looked at the old man with saliva splattering in front of him, he couldn't help but sigh in his heart.

I sincerely lament the quality of cultivators in the divine realm.

After all, it involves an issue of interests.

The excitement is understandable.

But what is the divine realm?

This is the birthplace of cultivation founded by Dao Ancestor Wang.

In this birthplace, a clan elder who claims to be a powerful person is yelling like a shrew.

In the opinion of the monk, it is really insulting to the demeanor of a cultivator.

This kind of magnanimity is really not one ten thousandth of that of Ling Zhenren.

And it has obviously deviated from the original intention of Dao Ancestor Wang.

Sail against the current. If you don’t advance, you will retreat.

In the monk's opinion, these eight words are very appropriate to describe the current situation of God's Domain.

"Hey! Monk! Just look at it. I said they won't agree!" Miss Ajuan held her head in her hands and sat next to Jin Deng, looking eagerly at the scolding battle in front of her.

The monk flicked the rosary beads in his hand. His heart was calm.

Just wait until the elders of several tribes in God's Domain finish expressing their opinions cursingly.

The monk just stood up and performed a Buddhist salute to everyone: "The poor monk feels that the donors have some misunderstandings. Although the earth has been upgraded, there are not many cultivators on the earth who have made the transition to the divine realm."

"According to the rules set by Dao Ancestor Wang back then. Only those who have touched the realm of Venerated Immortal are qualified to come to the divine realm for further exchanges."

"Even if the Earth is completely upgraded, there will only be a handful of people who can reach the realm of Venerated Immortal."

However, the monk's words did not move these clan elders.

"Even if this is the case, it won't work! The quantity is small now. What if there are too many in the future?"

Zhou Zhentian, the elder of the Zhou family, waved his sleeves. He stared at the monk in front of him and squinted his eyes: "And monk! Which Buddha are you? Why do you represent the earth? If not for the sake of the king of the divine realm. This is Is there any place for you to talk?"

"Donor, I think you still have some misunderstandings."

The monk clasped his hands together and said sincerely: "I am here just to talk. It is not a request."

Zhou Zhentian snorted: "It's not just talking. What is it?"

"This is a requirement."

The monk said categorically: "If anyone refuses, the poor monk will have no choice but to take action."

Zhou Zhentian laughed out loud instantly: "What? You, a monk, still want to kill people?"

"The poor monk is a monk. He never kills any living being."

At this moment, the monk raised his eyes and opened his "Swastika".

Looking at the mahua bearded old man in front of him, he smiled.

"This is called transcendence."





Chapter 1286 Does the donor have many question marks?


Everything is as the monk expected. Cultivators in the divine realm have always been pampered and occupy high positions.

Nowadays, I have become a bit unmotivated.

If this continues, it won't be long before cultivators in the divine realm will inevitably become frogs in the well and bring about their own destruction.

The easiest way to deal with such a group of people is to make them recognize the reality.

When the monk opened his swastika, the huge meeting hall of Daoxuan Hall was immediately shrouded in Buddha's light!

This is no ordinary Buddha's light. When it falls on people, the elders in these fields can clearly feel the pressure on their shoulders.

Some people even bent their knees and fell to their knees on the spot, almost unable to withstand the Buddha's light summoned by the swastika.

The monk from this earth is more powerful than anyone else in the God Realm. It makes many clan elders and newbies fear him.

In the spiritual space, several clan elders in the field communicate with each other.

This is unscientific!

They clearly remember that the current strongest person on Earth is Venerated Immortal.

Apart from that, there is only one True Venerated Immortal level cultivator.

And whether it is Venerated Immortal or True Venerated Immortal. There is only one.

And. That True Venerated Immortal was accidentally promoted by eating broccoli...

God's Domain has been monitoring the situation on Earth, so it didn't take it seriously at all.

After all, above True Immortal, there is indeed a certain probability of entering such a hidden realm.

As for the Zhenyuan immortals, this name is not unfamiliar to them. They belong to a relatively primitive group of earth cultivators. They are not too surprised to be promoted to the status of Venerated Immortal.

So now the question comes. Where did this monk come from?

"There is no one in the divine realm. The poor monk has never used his full strength."

At this time, the monk faced the elders of the clans in the Divine Realm and showed a kind smile.

He really didn't use all his strength.

The power of the Buddha's light summoned by the swastika was less than 10%. Unexpectedly, some of the clan elders in front of them could not withstand the pressure and fell to their knees.

This made the monk feel very disappointed.

This boring battle with huge disparity in combat power made him want to yawn.

However, as an accomplished monk, Jin Deng still strives to maintain the qualities that a high-level cultivator should have.

Since the fight with Wang Ling.

The monk felt that fighting with anyone was boring.

Although every battle, no matter how big or small, is a process of accumulating experience.

However, if you ask a level 99 person to fight against a group of 5 scum, even if there is an increase in experience, it will be minimal.

He would rather waste hundreds more lifetimes of cultivation. Let Wang Ling get slapped a few more times...

The monk never regretted the showdown with Wang Ling.

It can be said that Wang Ling woke him up. Let him know that his realm is not the strongest yet. There is still room for improvement.

In fact, what the monk is doing now is also what Wang Ling did to him in the beginning.

He wants to wake up these narcissistic cultivators of the divine realm.

"Monk, your realm is so strong. You could have come to the God's Realm a long time ago. What are you doing hiding in a place like Earth where all kinds of cultivators are everywhere?" Zhou Zhentian, the elder of the Zhou family, was also shocked by the aura emanating from the monk.

In particular, he recognized the "swastika" on the monk's left eye...

This is the power possessed by the sages of Buddhism!

"Poor taoist travels all over the world. Where do you want to stay? What does it have to do with you?"

The monk was speechless.

He was extremely disappointed with the cultivators of the Divine Realm.

In the spiritual space, Zhou Zhentian, the elder of the Zhou family, communicated crazily with elders of several other clans.

"I was just wondering why the Wang family, Gu family, and Liu family didn't send anyone over... It turns out there is something fishy going on here!"

"The descendants of these families have all fled to the earth before. Now that I think about it, I'm afraid there is indeed something inside."

"Who is this monk?"

"It's not clear. But it's very strong! There are many people who practice Buddhism, but there are only a handful of people who can derive this swastika. Even in this divine realm, I can only think of a few people."

During the conversation with several other clan elders, Zhou Zhentian's thoughts changed rapidly.

He remembered the names of several eminent monks.

"Tie Ling, Tong Hui, Yin Xian..."

The grunting sound from Zhou Zhentian's mouth reached the monk's ears.

"Oh? I didn't expect the Zhou clan elders to have heard of these dharma titles?"

Jin Deng seemed a little surprised when he heard Zhou Zhen Heavenly pronounce these names with his own ears.

"That's right, monk! It's no big deal that you have a swastika! The three sages of Buddhism in my divine domain also have them!" Zhou Zhentian sneered.

What's so great about having only one Buddhist sage on this earth?

They are in the divine domain. But there are three of them!

However, when he heard Zhou Zhentian's laughter, the monk couldn't help but laugh.

He looked at Zhou Zhentian and sighed: "The poor monk dare not deceive the Zhou clan elders. To tell the truth, these three Dharma titles given by the Zhou clan clan elders are actually the poor monk's."

"This...how is this possible!" Zhou Zhentian was shocked.

"The swastika requires the power of reincarnation to cultivate." This iron spirit is the name used by the poor monk in 1,000 reincarnations."

"..."

"Tong Hui. He is from the 1001st and 1999th generations."

"..."

"Eunhyun was born between 2000 and 2999."

"..."

"As for Jin Deng, that is the name that the poor monk uses now."

The monk explained while performing a Buddhist salute to Zhou Zhentian: "So, the Zhou clan elders said three Dharma names. The three eminent monks are actually all me. Besides, didn't the Zhou clan elders discover that these Dharma names are in gold and silver? The naming of copper and iron originally also has the meaning of reincarnation."

"The poor monk knows that Elder Zhou and all the elders present have many questions in their minds right now."

The monk sighed: "But... this is the fact."

"Monk, don't bully others too much! Don't think that you have the support of the King of the God Realm. We won't beat you!" At this moment, Zhou Zhentian shouted loudly. The elders of the seven major clans in the field could not bear the arrogance of the monk.

"Take down this arrogant monk!"

The next moment, the auras of the seven clan elders in the meeting hall were strong!

Led by Zhou Zhentian, one after another sacrificed their magical weapons. Either swords, knives, axes, or hammers...

All seven Dao Supremes took action together. The scene was spectacular.

The monk sighed in his heart.

After all, this is a cultivator from the divine realm.

It is an anti-world level magical weapon. It is also of the highest grade. It is also unique.

However, it would be too naive to try to deal with him with such a small trick.

"Put down the butcher knife."

The monk's face was like an ancient well. He put his hands together.

Buzz!

In the sky, countless golden tentacles appeared out of thin air in the falling Buddha light.

This is the Buddha's beard. It is summoned by the monk. Say "put down the butcher knife" and you will have the power to disarm!

The elders of all races actually have no experience fighting against the sage of Buddhism.

They had just taken out the magic weapon and prepared to take action.

The magical weapons in his hands were all swept away by these void Buddha beards!

The speed of these ethereal Buddha beards was incredibly fast. They appeared around them in the blink of an eye, and then took away their magic weapons!

Then it quickly dissipated and took the magic weapon into the Buddha's light! When they reacted, they couldn't even see the shadow!

Damn it! Rather than saying "disarm", it's better to say it's an open robbery!

Zhou Zhenqian's whole body was trembling.

The Seven Dao Supremes were actually humiliated by a monk.

Where is this face?

"Everyone, there is something weird about this monk. We can't fight separately. We must gather firepower!" Zhou Zhentian finished speaking. The other clan elders all understood.

They all put their hands on the shoulders of the person in front of them. They lined up!

Use the physical body to transfer spiritual energy layer by layer. Finally, all the power is gathered on Zhou Zhentian, who is at the forefront!

The girl Ajuan who was watching this scene was bursting with laughter: "Na na na! Monk! Are you playing hawk to catch the chicken!"

Jin Deng, Zhou Zhentian: "..."

...

PS: Let’s sort out the realms again: Foundation Building, Golden Core, Nascent Soul, Soul Formation, Itinerant Immortal, True Immortal, True Venerated Immortal, Venerated Immortal, Sage Immortal, Dao Immortal, Dao Supreme, Dao God, Dao Ancestor (after Dao Ancestor) There may be some more. I will add more when I write them), Wang Ling.





Chapter 1287 The eagle catches the chick


I can only say that Miss Ajuan is indeed a Miss Ajuan.

As a still-developing king of the divine realm, he was able to tell the truth at a glance. This made the monk deeply admired.

This eagle is indeed an eagle, but not the newer and longer one.

As for the Seven Dao Supremes headed by Zhou Zhentian, they are indeed as weak as chickens in the eyes of the monks.

The most terrifying thing for a cultivator is that he doesn't know himself.

The monk has already made this mistake once. Naturally, he will not make it a second time.

He is a sensible person.

Know how to reflect.

I examine myself three times a day.

I'm talking about the monk.

But not everyone is self-aware and capable of introspection.

"Monk! Take my shot!"

There is a vertical row on the opposite side. The seven Dao Supremes instill all spiritual energy into Zhou Zhentian.

They are condensing mana!

I saw six people putting their hands on the shoulders of the person in front of them. They leaned forward slightly and aimed at the monk.

The monk understood instantly.

These seven people used the form of "driving a train" to turn into a very long cannon barrel!

Boom!

The next moment, the leader of the Zhou family, Zhou Zhentian, opened his mouth wide. Countless psychically dense cannonballs exploded from his mouth!

Well...

This novel trick surprised the monk.

What surprised him wasn't because of how powerful this move was.

But I feel that the Dao Supremes in this God's Domain don't seem to be people with normal brain circuits...why can they come up with such weird tricks!

But let me tell you. The lethality is still very strong!

The seven Dao Supremes gather spiritual energy into one point. Not only do they share the pressure of spiritual energy consumption, but they also make the power more concentrated!

The leader, Elder Zhou Zhentian, transformed into the abyss of the League of Legends. While leading the people behind him to move, he kept "spitting" at the monk.

The psychic cannon was first released from the mouth of Elder Zhou Zhentian. Then it instantly grew in size and grew to the size of a cannonball!

The cannonball passed by. The space was split. Countless cracks appeared.

The bombardment hit the four walls of the meeting hall, creating huge craters.

Jin Deng: "..."

The power is there. But the picture is so beautiful that the monk is afraid to look at it.

The Ajuan girl next to her was completely stunned with laughter. She was rolling on the floor with her belly in her hands and laughing like a barbell.

Monk didn't expect that Dao Supreme in God's Domain had degraded to this point.

Try to think of some tricks that are neither interesting nor useful...

"Fancy."

The monk easily dodged the bombardment while moving forward.

The body-protecting Buddha's light on his body lingered around and lit up, making the crimson red moon cassock shine brightly.

From the moment the Buddha's light shines on, dodging is no longer important.

The monk received the cannon head-on. Those psychic cannons bombarded him. They were immediately washed away by the body-protecting Buddha's light and synchronized with the Buddha's light. They disappeared like a mud cow entering the sea.

"Monk! Don't underestimate me!" Zhou Zhentian still refused to admit defeat!

He increased the jet speed of the psychic cannon in his mouth!

From five sprays per second at the beginning to sixty sprays per second now!

Patriarch Zhou Zhentian feels like he has transformed into a human fort!

"Lao Zhou! Can you withstand it?"

The other family elders are worried about Elder Zhou's condition.

The human psychic cannon move of the seven-member group was thought up by these seven elders together.

Elder Zhou Zhentian’s previous record was only forty sprays per second!

They were worried that Elder Zhou Zhentian’s throat would not be able to hold up!

This frequency is too fast. It's like putting a vibrator in your throat. You will definitely be hoarse and unable to speak the next day.

"Don't give up! I can still do it! I must let this monk learn a lesson!"

At this time, Elder Zhou's eyes were already red.

He increased his frequency again!--seventy sprays per second!

Anger once again stimulated Elder Zhou's physical potential!

This attack speed is really amazing. At the same time, at the extremely high rate of fire, the power of the psychic cannon has also been improved to a certain extent!

However.

Even so, it still can't break the body-protecting Buddha's light lingering outside the monk's body...

At this moment, Death Heavenly Dao led Zhuo Yi, Sun Rong to the exit of Daoxuan Hall.

Because there was a fierce battle inside, which resulted in the entire Daoxuan Hall being destroyed. There was no need to enter the hall to watch the battle...

"Is this... the battle of cultivators in the divine realm?" Sun Rong was shocked.

She looked at the seven Dao Supremes lined up in front of her, spitting madly, and couldn't help but fall into deep thought.

"..."

Little did he know that Zhuo Yi and Death Heavenly Dao on the other side were also dumbfounded.

This style of painting is wrong!

The promised battle between cultivators in the divine realm. The destructive power is indeed fierce. But why does it look so ridiculous!

"Zhuo Yi Senior. Are they performing the Human Centipede?" The girl opened her mouth slightly in surprise. She could not hide the shock and fear in her expression.

This is really scary. It’s hard to describe it as blinding!

"Senior Heavenly Dao. What on earth is going on?" Zhuo Yi also felt that something was wrong with the picture.

It felt like they had walked into a 4K theater and were watching a gun version of a watermarked movie...

"Well. Cultivators in the divine realm have unique combat thinking...this is something that cultivators on earth won't understand. It's normal that you don't understand."

Death Heavenly Dao cleared his throat. He was trying his best to explain the battle situation in front of him.

After all, the Divine Realm is also the birthplace of cultivation.

As one of Heavenly Dao's little Golden Men, Death Heavenly Dao naturally shoulders the mission of maintaining the divine realm and spreading the culture of cultivation...

"Senior Heavenly Dao. Why are they lined up in a row?" Sun Rong asked.

"Look at the graceful figures of the seven Dao Supremes. They put their hands on the shoulders of the previous one. They are as flexible as snakes. This is combined with the movement technique of "Wandering Dragon out of the Sea". I am afraid it can be found in lion dance. Inspiration. Cultivation is such a simple knowledge. You have to find inspiration from the details of life. Only then will it be easier to break through..." Death Heavenly Dao replied.

"So that's it! The one who sprays the energy ball in his mouth is..."

"This is the performance art of the Dao Supremes. They are using this form of magic to warn the world not to spit everywhere, thereby protecting the environment and warning the world!"

"As expected of a senior...this can be accomplished..."Sun Rong couldn't help but mumble.

"What did you say?"

"Nothing..."

In Buddha Golden Lotus. Sun Rong raised his hand again: "Then why was their team separated by senior Jin Deng?"

While the girl was talking, in the almost destroyed Daoxuan Hall meeting hall, seven Dao Supremes were knocked off the ground by Jin Deng's Tathagata Palm!

These seven Dao Supremes instantly turned into ant-like black dots and were thrown into the sky.

Then. Bang bang bang bang bang bang bang...

One after another they fell to the ground...

A Dao Supreme is a trap.

Just seven people were killed.

Death Heavenly Dao wiped his sweat: "This is Dao Supreme's tribute to the famous poet Bai Juyi. Youdao is like big beads and small beads falling on a jade plate... The ground of Daoxuan Hall is like a jade plate. This is also Dao Supreme Their performance art..."

Hearing this, the girl was silent for a moment.

Then she asked the last question: "But...why did all the seven elders vomit blood?"

"..."

DeathHeavenly Dao Fu forehead.

He can't make it up anymore!

艸!(a kind of plant)





Chapter 1288: Suffering from lack of culture


Death Heavenly Dao never expected that the clan elders of God's Domain would have reached such a state of shamelessness.

He finally brought people back to the divine realm.

I came to accept the influence of a higher level of cultivation culture. But I was directly invaded by the sand sculpture culture!

However, the battle in front of us doesn't seem to be over yet.

Heavenly Dao thought that if the seven Dao Supremes joined forces, they could at least have a 50-50 tie with Jin Deng.

Unexpectedly, this turned out to be a unilateral blast...

...

The monk struck a palm and defeated the seven Dao Supremes. If it were spread out at this time, the face of the seven families in their divine domain would be wiped out.

But the monk did not finish the matter. He still kept his hand.

otherwise.

seven people.

All must die.

The only person in the world who can withstand the power of his palm is Ling Zhenren, except for Dao Ancestor Wang who has disappeared.

And after clearly recognizing the strength of Wang Ling.

Even if the monk wants to fight, he must weigh the power of the backlash.

It's easy for him to hit him with one palm. The damage he gets back may make him paralyzed.

At this time, the Seven Dao Supreme got up from the ground and wiped the blood hanging from the corner of his mouth.

The monk's palm hit them until they vomited blood.

This was something they never expected.

It was also the first time for everyone present to fight against the sage of Buddhism.

The monk's strength was far beyond their imagination.

"Monk, have you ever thought about the consequences..." Zhou Zhentian was trembling all over. There was anger, but more of it was trembling.

His front teeth were shattered when they hit the ground. His mouth was filled with blood. In addition, he also suffered serious internal injuries.

I don't know how long it will take to recover.

Even though he can still speak now.

It won't be long before he loses his voice completely...

Seventy spurts per second at a high frequency. After all, his throat couldn't bear the pressure.

"What the poor monk did was also for the consideration of the Divine Realm."

The monk scanned the crowd in front of him and said, "Are the elders convinced? If not, I have other means."

This is not a joke.

Based on his 3910 reincarnation experiences, the monk has summed up tens of thousands of ways to torture the Dao Supreme in front of him to the point of dying without being instantly killed.

Of course. If stubbornness doesn't work.

It is not impossible to force a transition.

That's it.

Zhou Zhentian knows very well.

Fight. Definitely can't be beaten.

Unless the head of the family takes action. Maybe there is a glimmer of hope...

The heads of the ten major families in God's Domain are all at the Dao God level.

But it is so easy to ask God to take action.

At present, almost all the heads of the family are in a state of seclusion and practice. It is impossible to easily get out of seclusion and take action.

Zhou Zhentian stared at the monk, feeling like a mute eating coptis.

If they can't stop this, the Earth's upgrade will be a certainty.

The monk relied on his own strength to do whatever he wanted, leaving them helpless.

When did such a terrifying figure appear on Earth?

"Monk, if the head of the family is not in retreat, do you think you can get a bargain..."

Zhou Zhentian looked at Jin Deng: "I admit that I am not your opponent. If you are capable, let's discuss it!",

"On Tao?"

The monk smiled: "I will accompany you, poor monk."

At this time, the seven Dao Supremes stepped forward one after another.

They already have a problem in their minds.

"Take the earth's upgrading this time as an example! Monk! Let me ask you... How do these simple cultivators on earth manage this high-level cultivation path in the God's Realm?"

"The poor monk believes that there is no distinction between high and low in cultivation. There is no path to cultivation. If there are people, there will be a path."

"..."

"Monk, you are a monk. Why do you want to fight for the short time for cultivators on earth?"

"Dao Supreme asked the poor monk a question. Are you arguing with the poor monk? God's realm has been arrogant for a long time. It should not continue to degenerate. Dao Supreme asked such a question. The poor monk could only say that he was sorry for his misfortune and angry with him. No fight..."

"..."

"You Dao Supreme have already asked the poor monk two questions.

So, can I ask you a question? "Tell me and listen."

"The function y=f(x) defined on R. If for any unequal real numbers x1, x2 satisfies f(x1)-f(x2)/x1-x20. And x, y satisfies the inequality f(x??- 2x)+f(2y-y??)≤0 is established. Then when 1≤x≤4. The value range of y/x is?"

"..."ò

"Is it too difficult?"

The monk frowned: "Can a power function be used?"

"..."

"What about trigonometric functions and inverse trigonometric functions?"

"..."

"There will always be a function, right?"

"..."

Qida Dao Supreme shook his head. Hearing this, everyone looked confused.

In their divine realm, math problems are not really taken seriously.

The monk sighed helplessly: "I don't know anything. Why do I think I'm Dao Supreme..."

The corners of Zhou Zhentian's mouth twitched. "Monk, we are on the wheel! What the hell are you asking..."

"The great road of mathematics and physics. Why is it not part of the Tao?"

The monk laughs.

He will never forget. When he held the memory brick of Wang Ling, he was overwhelmed by the "electricity" function and vomited blood...

Such pain. The monk didn't want to try it again. And he decided to share the pain more generously.

Such a devilish thing. The pain alone is not as painful as the pain of others.

"Monk, you are making excuses..."

"Monks don't tell lies. If you don't understand the profound knowledge contained in these functions, a poor monk can tell that your realm will stop here. There will never be time to improve."

At this time, the monk shook his head. He gathered the painful memory fragments from when he came into contact with the memory brick into a spiritual energy group and concentrated it on the palm of his hand.

Then he stared at the many Dao Supremes in front of him: "If you don't believe it, you can take a look at this memory of the poor monk."

The Seven Dao Supremes were doubtful and looked at each other for a while.

In the end, it was Zhou Zhentian clan elder who stood up first: "It's just a math problem. I don't believe there is anything terrible about it."

Then Zhou Zhentian stretched out his hand directly.

The moment your fingertips touch the psionic mass...

A feeling of electric shock came instantly!

"No!" Elder Zhou clan hurriedly tried to let go.

But it's too late!

Terrible memories poured into his mental space. For a moment, he felt as if he had been struck by a thunderstorm! His whole body was twitching crazily with "electricity"!

By the time the rest of Dao Supreme came to their senses, Elder Zhou had already thrown his buttocks on the ground...

Staring at the elder of the Zhou clan whose body was charred and blackened by the "power of knowledge".

The monk couldn't help but let out a sigh of sympathy.

He glanced at the people in front of him: "There is also Mr. Dao Supreme. Do you want to give it a try?"

"That's all..."

The remaining six Dao Supremes took a step back.

...

"Let's go back."

At this time, Heavenly Dao felt helpless when he took Zhuo Yi and Sun Rong to witness the death of Heavenly Dao at the "Taoist Forum" outside the temple.

I couldn't beat him again and again. I also suffered the disadvantage of being uneducated...

Today's God's Domain is indeed in decline!

In Buddha's Golden Lotus, the girl was also disappointed: "That's it?"

Death Heavenly Dao smiled helplessly: "Whether it is the earth or the divine realm. Study hard. It is always right."





Chapter 1289 Dao God’s Will


Both the martial arts and literary battles ended with the disastrous defeat of the Seven Dao Supremes...

If you can't beat him, you can still practice slowly. But as a big shot in the God's Domain, it's a bit unreasonable to suffer the disadvantage of being uneducated.

But the monk knew very well that this matter was not over.

The Seven Dao Supremes are still struggling.

Because they still have the last hope.

That is to invite the heads of their seven major families.

The Wang family, the Gu family and the Liu family. These three family heads definitely cannot be counted on.

But as long as one of the remaining seven major families can come forward, Zhou Zhentian feels that there is still room for change.

So while the "literary struggle" is going on.

The seven Dao Supremes are secretly communicating with the heads of various families who are in retreat.

I hope someone among them can step in and help them.

There is no need to kill the monk. As long as the monk can retreat from the difficulty and preserve the interests of the divine domain.

And faced with such little tricks.

The monk always smiles.

His heart is like a mirror.

Whether it's a civil fight or a military fight.

Those were all Zhou Zhentian's tricks to delay time.

"Monk, this is the last wave. If you can withstand Dao God's will, I will no longer interfere in upgrading the earth." As Zhou Zhentian spoke, he flicked his sleeves and laughed wildly.

Just a second before the wealthy elder of the Zhou family spoke, the head of the Zhou family had already communicated in place.

They retreated to the side of Daoxuan Hall, intending to watch the show unfold.

No matter how strong this monk is, can he still be stronger than God?

They still don't believe it.

Except for Dao Ancestor Wang in this world, the realm of Dao God can be said to be inferior to one person and superior to ten thousand people!

Dao God comes. No one can compare!

"Na na na. It's fine. Why do you want to die?" At this moment, the girl Ajuan who was watching sighed.

Zhou Zhentian who stepped aside looked like he was watching a show. He was in a very good mood: "Lord Boundary King, why not persuade the master to leave quickly. Dao God's will has not yet come. In fact, there is still room for recovery. What if this happens here? He was injured and his cultivation was damaged. We don't care. This is indeed an act of seeking death!"

Hearing this, Miss Ajuan rolled her eyes at Zhou Zhentian and silently shook her little head.

She said seeking death...

It doesn’t mean a monk!

People without self-awareness are really terrible.

...

The fragmented Daoxuan Hall. The monk raised his head and looked up at the sky at a 45° angle.

He could see that the originally cloudless sky above God's Domain was suddenly shrouded in countless white clouds.

These white clouds gradually separated into blood in sight, turned into blood vessels, and finally condensed into the shape of a brain.

"The brain of Dao God appears. The will is coming!"

The Seven Dao Supremes look up to the sky.

Now the sky above the entire God's Domain is dyed with a gloomy blood color. There is a strong sense of oppression.

The strong mental pressure is only taking shape. The sky is stained with blood and the earth is shaking.

"Dao God will...Oh no. It's too late." Death Heavenly Dao frowned. This pressure made him feel breathless.

He had no choice but to expand his core world and take in Zhuo Yi who encountered the Buddha's Golden Lotus. He also protected Sun Rong together.

"What's wrong, senior?" Zhuo Yi didn't know what happened.

"I didn't expect that Dao Supreme actually summoned the will of Dao God...and it should be the Zhou family's initiative..." Death said with a frown.

When God's will comes, the entire space of God's Domain will be sealed. No one can get out or get in.

He originally wanted to leave directly with Zhuo Yi and Sun Rong. But it was still a step too late.

There is no doubt about the power of Dao God.

None of the six main themes, Heavenly Dao, is a match for Dao God.

It is conceivable that it is so strong.

"You have to stay away!"

Feeling this extraordinary spiritual pressure, Heavenly Dao's subconscious intention was to stay away from Daoxuan Hall.

This will of God is directed at the monk Jin Deng in the center of Daoxuan Hall.

The main pressure is concentrated there. The surrounding areas are only radiated by the will of Dao God.

So the farther away they are. The less pressure there is.

...

"Ah hahaha! Monk! You have transcended! Aren't you very capable? You have the ability. Transcend, transcend this God's will!" At this time, Zhou Zhentian, the elder of the Zhou family, couldn't stop laughing.

He has endured the monk for a long time. Now the will of God is about to come. He can already imagine the scene of the monk being beaten up.

In the Daoxuan Hall, the monk silently turned the rosary in his hand.

He stared at the blood-stained sky.

The brain of Dao God, which is made up of clouds, is becoming clearer and clearer in sight. It has almost condensed into substance.

This huge brain of Dao God almost filled the entire sky of the God Realm. Countless spiritual energy was absorbed by it, and then bloomed out from it, emitting a soul-shaking immortal sound.

This is the sound of God breathing!

And Dao God's will is God's will

"A powerful force indeed."

The monk looked at this scene with his heart still.

Compared to the seven Dao Supremes, this kind of power is barely enough.

"Monk, why don't you take action? Are you too scared to move?" Zhou Zhentian asked scolding.

It takes a certain amount of time for God's will to form. If it finally takes shape, it will be at its strongest.

If you want to stop Dao God's will, the best way is to take action before it is completely formed. Defeat the Dao God's brain in the air.

But defeating the brain of Dao God is not an easy task.

The monk hesitated to take action. This made Zhou Zhentian confused.

He felt that the monk was probably frightened out of his wits.

Otherwise, how could we miss such a good opportunity?

In the center of Daoxuan Hall, the monk recited Buddhist scriptures silently. He waited for about three minutes.

Then. He suddenly raised his head.

Facing the Dao God's brain in the air. Stretch out your hand!

The moment the monk's hand reached out, it almost doubled in size and grew bigger and bigger. Countless spiritual energy was accumulated in his palm. He slapped Dao God's brain hard!

This hand stretches for hundreds of kilometers. It seems to cover the entire world in one grasp!

"Is this monk crazy..."

"No! He did it on purpose! This monk is not afraid of Dao God at all!"

"Oh my God! Who is this monk?"

Now the Seven Dao Supreme finally understood the reason why the monk had not taken action yet.

He wasn't stunned.

But waiting on purpose.

Until the will of Dao God finally takes shape. Take action when the spiritual pressure is at its peak! Compete with the will of Dao God!

The monk resisted the operation of Dao God's will with one hand. The whole audience was shocked.

The brain of God sensed the disobedience at hand and instantly released the powerful divine thunder.

Boom!

Just for a moment. The sky is full of waves, and the silver snakes are dancing wildly. It seems as if they want to smash the monk's big hand that wraps the brain of God into pieces!

"Useless work."

The monk shook his head.

This divine thunder struck his palm, like itching.

It's just the will of Dao God. He hasn't fully paid attention to it yet.

Need to know.

When Dao Ancestor Wang was promoted to Dao God, he was by Dao Ancestor Wang's side.

That kind of scene of Tribulation Transcendence. The heaven and earth are deviated, the space is disintegrated, everything is distorted by the powerful force and mixed into a ball like a twist. It is like the grand opening of the universe.

The monks have all witnessed such a big scene with their own eyes.

This is God's will. He really didn't take it seriously.

"Let's disperse..."

The next moment, the monk gradually closed his five fingers.

As long as the brain of God is crushed, everything will be solved.

But at this moment!

Suddenly, another Dao God brain appeared in the sky!

Standing side by side with the brain of Dao God that the monk is about to capture!

"The head of the Li family also took action!" At this time, a Dao Supreme exclaimed.

Although the head of the Li family's Dao God brain has not yet been fully formed.

But the two heads of Dao God appear side by side, and it is rare to see the same enemy!

All of a sudden, all the cultivators in God’s Domain were dumbfounded!

Who is it!?

It can attract the attention of the two Dao Gods! Let the two Dao Gods join forces to resist!

In an instant, the mental pressure between heaven and earth became even greater!

However, facing this scene, the monk remained calm.

"Two brains of Dao God..." The monk raised his eyebrows.

After confirming that the Gu family, Wang family, and Liu family will not take action.

In other words, the remaining seven Dao Gods may join the battle at any time.

Although the monk can still control the current situation.

But if all seven Dao Gods join in, he might not be able to stand it anymore.

After all, in the previous battle with Wang Ling, the monk had already lost 3,000 lifetimes of cultivation.

With his remaining 910 lifetimes of cultivation, being able to withstand three is already his limit.

If more.

Ling Zhenren needs help.

But the monk was not panicked.

Because he has sensed that the strongest man on earth has noticed this.

He is peeking into the screen, ready to take action if necessary.

"The poor monk should try to solve it by himself first..."

So the monk sighed inwardly and opened his palm wider.

At the same time, two Dao God brains are covered in it.

Then it's like those old men in the park playing with walnuts.

He held the two Dao God brains in the palm of his hand and turned them around...

The two Dao God brains were in the monk's palm. They were constantly rubbing and rotating like a drum washing machine, making a rattling sound.

This scene made the Ajuan girl laugh again and roll on the floor.

It's still that devilish laugh. Like a barbell...





Chapter 1290 The End of the Seven Gods


The monk fought against the two Dao Gods. This scene shocked all the cultivators in the divine realm.

In an instant, spiritual consciousness became a sea, and countless eyes converged on the Daoxuan Hall.

Although few cultivators in the divine realm dare to approach the core area where "Dao God's Will" strikes, they still use their spiritual senses to watch the battle remotely.

The monk holds the sky with one hand, teasing the will of the two Dao Gods in the midst of applause. This makes countless cultivators in the divine realm unbelievable.

Even the cultivators living in seclusion in the deep mountains and dense forests of God's Domain raised their heads one after another. They were alarmed by this powerful aura.

Countless spiritual birds were surprised from the forest. They were chirping and densely covering the entire sky.

It creates a magical scene as if darkness has fallen.

"Is this a cultivator on Earth?"

"When did such a famous figure appear on earth..."

The sage of Buddhism. Terribly powerful!

Obviously, the two heads of the Zhou family and the Li family did not expect that the monk would be so tyrannical.

"Boom!"

At this moment, there was a loud noise and the sky collapsed.

The monk's giant hands holding the two Dao God brains were freed.

In the sky shrouded in blood, the huge hoof prints of a wild beast appeared. It was as huge as a mountain and rushed towards the monk's palm.

The giant beast had a huge horn on its head. Its face was ferocious. Its whole body erupted with the thunder of divine will brought by the will of God, and was surrounded by black lightning.

This is a creature summoned by the two brains of Dao God to get out of trouble.

"Even the mythical beasts have appeared..." Many strong men in the God's Domain exclaimed. They were shocked by the scene in front of them.

It is rumored that the seven Dao Gods all have their own captive mythical beasts. The first one was an egg bred by extracting the power of chaos.

After thousands of years of incubation and a lot of hard work, it has achieved its current combat strength.

Although the will of the two Dao Gods came together, in fact they still fought separately.

They didn't expect that the monk could catch them so quickly.

In order to get out of trouble, I chose the method of summoning together.

This Hunyuan Alicorn was raised in captivity by the head of the Zhou family.

But at the same time, the two Dao God's will is very clear. This summoned beast can only help them temporarily.

The monk is too strong...

Stronger than they imagined.

Summoning it now is to buy time for the Dao God will of the head of the Li family to finally take shape.

"A mythical beast born from chaos..."

The monk was silent for a while.

He actually has one too.

But his mythical beast is still egg-shaped. It has been hatched for almost 300 lives and has not yet hatched...

At this moment, the Hunyuan Alicorn belonging to the head of the Zhou family, with hoof prints as huge as mountains and a huge body tens of thousands of feet high, rushed towards his palm.

This scene shocked everyone in the Divine Realm.

The monk didn't take it seriously at all. He slapped the beast away with his backhand.

Boom!

There was a loud noise. A huge crack appeared in the sky.

Everyone thought that this Hunyuan Alicorn might be of some use.

Who would have thought that this beast would be sent back into chaos with a slap from the monk.

"This monk. It's terrible..."

All the powerful men in the Divine Realm were amazed.

This is the real immortal fight!

Sun Rong, Zhuo Yi are all stunned.

"Senior Jin Deng. So powerful!" Although Sun Rong has long known that the monk is very strong. He is not an ordinary person.

But as for "strong", this concept is very vague.

Now I am immersed in the scene, witnessing with my own eyes the famous scene of a monk fighting two Dao Gods and swatting the flying mythical beast with his backhand.

Sun Rong's thoughts were racing for a moment. He truly felt the terror and shock of the power beyond dimensions.

...

Although the head of the Zhou family already knew that the Hunyuan Alicorn would not last long.

However, as soon as he appeared on the scene, he was sent away by the monk.

This is something the head of the Zhou family never expected.

But fortunately, the head of the Li family's Dao God will has quickly taken shape in this short period of time.

Now, two fully formed Dao God brains descend into the sky and join forces to fight against the monk.

This made the monk look a little more serious.

His palm once again bloomed with immeasurable Buddha light.

Endless Buddha seals were densely packed along his fingers, covering his entire arm like insects crawling.

"Infinite Buddha Seal!"

This is the monk's skill in pressing the bottom of the box. When the Buddha's Seal is fully covered, it can greatly increase his combat power.

Now instill all the Buddha's seals into your right hand! Gather strength!

Became a real Tathagata palm!

I saw that the monk's palm swelled again and he grabbed the two Dao God's brains.

In the palm of his hand, a "卍" character appeared!

The swastika seal suppresses everything!

The scene is like the impact of a comet, impacting the soul of every viewer.

The monk has a clear assessment of his own combat power.

Not to mention two Dao God brains.

Even the three of them in their complete form couldn't withstand his palm.

If he hadn't previously damaged his cultivation for three thousand lifetimes, even the ten Dao Gods gathered together would not be his opponent!

But at this moment.

There were two explosion-like sounds in the sky again.

A new Dao God has joined!

And there are two of them!

Countless people were shocked.

"The head of the Wu family and the head of the Zhao family also joined..."

"Quickly retreat!"

The seven Dao Supremes who were watching on the side were frightened.

They are very close to the battlefield.

The will of the two Dao Gods impacted the core area of Daoxuan Hall. They could barely withstand the radiation.

However, the four Dao Gods came...

They already had a premonition that they would be unable to bear it next!

If we wait for the Dao God will of the head of the Wu family and the head of the Zhao family to be fully formed.

Even if they are Dao Supreme, if they are too close to the core area, they will lie on the ground like toads and cannot move...

...

Buzz!

Four gods come to the world!

The terrifying mental pressure shook the divine realm to pieces!

With Daoxuan Hall as the center, the ground there split open on the spot and stretched for thousands of miles.

Powerful spiritual energy spreads out. It is a destructive force, destroying everything around it.

The monk smiled bitterly in his heart. Unexpectedly, he actually forced out the four Dao Gods.

The scene gradually got out of control.

"You are going too far!"

At this moment, a holy feather rose from the sky and pierced the sky!

As the feathers shuttled through the air, they grew from small to large at a speed visible to the naked eye. Finally, they turned into an astonishing thousand-foot-long feather sword, slashing towards the brain of Dao God!

From the west of Daoxuan Hall!

It was girl Ajuan who joined the fight.

The monk saw the girl waving her wings behind her and soaring up with her petite body. She rose to the sky without fear of the oppression of the four Dao Gods.

She used her spiritual thoughts to control the feather sword. She slashed it in the air!

Exuding a terrifying divine aura!

Countless angel feathers fell from the sky like rain...

"King of the God Realm...this matter is a dispute in our cultivation world. Do you want to get involved..."

collapse!

The soul-stirring voice of Dao God in the void sounded from all directions.

Just use Dao God's sound wave to directly disperse the girl's sword light!

Because it was so chaotic and ethereal, it was hard to tell which family leader's voice belonged to it.

"Ah? I'm here to persuade you to make peace...even if you four are having a lot of fun right now, you may have to pay the bill later!" Miss Ajuan reminded kindly.

The girl's attitude is already obvious.

Compared to the Dao God in these divine realms, she certainly doesn’t want to offend the hot man who is peeking at the screen on earth...

Intervening at this time was actually something the girl was considering.

She knows her own strength.

Before she grows into Ten Thousand Winged God, she cannot be the opponent of these Dao God. In fact, she cannot help the monk at all.

But Miss Ajuan also knows it very well.

These Dao Gods would not dare to touch her.

Otherwise, it will trigger a war between gods, and the gods will not be able to bear it.

In order to deal with a monk. The fate of the four Dao Gods...

This is something that all cultivators in the divine realm have never thought of.

Normally, the heads of these big families would not show up easily.

If the monk dies in this battle, it will also be a legendary battle...

Is it too much?

It seems to be quite excessive...

However, what people didn’t expect was that something even more extreme was to come.

Not long after Miss Ajuan, the King of the Divine Realm, kindly reminded me.

Three more Dao Gods have joined the battlefield...

From the Ai family, the Ou family and the Sheng family!

now!

This is the end of the Seven Gods!

Except for the Gu family, Wang family and Liu family...

The heads of the remaining seven major families all took action!

"Are you going to compete with the poor monk to see who is more outrageous?" the monk asked.

"So what..."

The voice of Dao God echoes.

The Seven Dao Gods took action. Their attitude was already very clear.

If they don't move, that's it. If they do, the monk will be put to death.

At this time, the monk stared at the scene of the fate of the seven gods in the sky. He smiled bitterly in his heart: "Ling Zhenren... you can take action! If you don't, this poor monk is really going to see the Buddha..."

The monk just finished speaking.

In the God's Realm, a hand can wrap around the entire God's Realm.

It stretched out from an unknown direction.

Join the fray!

With just one middle finger, he pierced the brain of the head of the Zhou family on the spot...





Chapter 1291 1 child


In the forbidden area, the head of the Zhou family spurted blood on the spot.

He didn't have time to respond to what happened.

The brain of Dao God that I condensed using the will of Dao God.

A big hole was poked out in an instant!

The backlash pain from the forcible decomposition of Dao God's brain was fed back to him.

Just this one moment ruined his 100 lifetimes of hard work...

The retreat is in vain.

"Damn..."

The head of the Zhou family stood up. His Dao God body bloomed with spiritual energy, and condensed spiritual mist to repair his injured body.

Not for long.

Boom! A sound!

The aura of the head of the Zhou family has skyrocketed again!

Some chaotic talismans crawled all over his body. They were very dense!

At this crucial moment, the head of the Zhou family condensed his own Dao God seal!

And cover the whole body with Dao God seal!

"No one can challenge the supreme divine realm..."

This seal of Dao God condensed his cultivation for 200 lifetimes. It is all his dignity!

The powerful spiritual energy spread out, making the head of the Zhou family shine with light all over his body.

The earth trembled deep in the Zhou family's forbidden area. The head of the Zhou family no longer condensed Dao God's will. Instead, he planned to break out of the position and take the field himself!

However, just when he was about to leave.

A figure shining with Buddha's light, bald head facing down, descended from the sky!

The monk is here.

He was like a golden meteorite that fell from the universe. He was not polite. He hit the head of the Zhou family head first and turned into a beam of fire and rushed towards the forbidden area of the Zhou family.

After a big explosion that shook the earth.

The monk's smooth forehead hit the head of the Zhou family.

Two heads collided. The head of the Zhou family split open on the spot...

Passed out directly.

"As expected of the Dao God. First he suffered the backlash from Ling Zhenren, and then he received a headbutt from you, Monk. He didn't die!" Miss Ajuan followed the monk, like a little follower.

She squatted next to the head of the Zhou family who was lying dead. She pinched the head of the Zhou family and said, "Wow! Dao God's face is so soft!"

Jin Deng: "..."

"So. Do you want a last hit?"

At this time, Miss Ajuan took out her feather sword. The entire Zhou family's forbidden area was filled with golden angel feathers again.

"No need."

The monk shook his head: "I didn't intend to kill him in the first place."

Miss Ajuan was shocked: "Then you are so ruthless!"

Monk: "This is just the right amount of force. It can make him unconscious for a while without causing him to die."

Miss Ajuan: "But I still don't understand. Monk, why did you hit him?"

Jin Deng shook his head and laughed: "I'm trying to save him, poor monk. If I don't knock him out, I'm looking for death if I rush out."

Makes sense!

Girl Ajuan suddenly realized.

...

At this time, all the cultivators in the divine realm were stunned.

"Which family leader joined the battle again?"

The seven Dao Gods were alarmed by this extraterrestrial hand.

Because they clearly felt that this extraterrestrial hand did not come directly from the divine realm...

They gathered their Dao God will and groped through.

Finally, I was surprised to find that this extraterrestrial hand actually came from the direction of the earth...

"It actually stretched out from such a distance..."

The remaining six Dao God were shocked.

"Isn't that monk the number one person on earth?"

"???"

"Where did the owner of these hands escape from?"

The conversation between the six Dao Gods made the monk who was currently in the forbidden area of the Zhou family smile.

The most powerful person on earth?

He never said that...

...

Wang Ling disintegrated the Dao God brain of the head of the Zhou family with just his middle finger.

This is something people never expected.

In the sky, the remaining six Dao God brains have all condensed and formed.

Even if one of the heads of the Zhou family is missing, the will of the six Dao Gods gathered together still burst out with shocking spiritual pressure!

The heads of the six Dao Gods are like six rounds of divine sun. They hang high in the sky.

"Won't this master on Earth reveal his true form?"

A voice sounded again in the divine realm.

The tone was calm, but it deafened the listeners. Soon, the virtual bodies of the six family heads appeared in the sky.

This is a virtual image condensed by the will of Dao God. The specific face cannot be seen clearly, but it is connected to the souls of the six Dao Gods.

They are waiting.

At this time, the hand from the sky in front of me dispersed into large particles of light and scattered in the divine realm...

When the light particles reunited, they formed the figure of Wang Ling.

After all, the six Dao Ancestors didn't show their real bodies to others. Wang Ling didn't bother to send their real bodies.

The same will condensed into a virtual image to meet each other. This can be regarded as the greatest courtesy on my part.

Although the illusion of Wang Ling's will is also unclear.

But the Six Dao God can feel it. This is the figure of a young man.

"It's classmate Wang Ling!" Sun Rong also saw it.

She did not see the front face of Wang Ling. She could only recognize the outline of Wang Ling from the back of the virtual image.

First he appeared and destroyed a Dao God brain. Then he appeared as a virtual image and planned to fight the six gods alone...

Wang Ling is so powerful. It’s beyond the girl’s imagination.

"Is classmate Wang Ling born to be so powerful..." Sun Rong stared at the scene of the confrontation with the immortal god in the air. The expression on her face could no longer be described as surprise.

"Ling Zhenren is so powerful that it can be described as more than just awesome." The scene in front of him made Heavenly Dao breathtaking.

I can't help but recall those primitive days...

I just feel that the figure of Wang Ling at this time is so familiar. Yet so strange.

...

The next moment, all six virtual images of Dao God took action!

Their bodies moved sideways. They were incredibly fast. They shrunk to an inch and traveled through space.

One step forward and one step back is a thousand feet away.

A silver bolt came from a tricky direction and locked onto the virtual body of Wang Ling.

"He's caught." Accompanied by the shouts of the head of the family, the other five Dao Gods immediately surrounded and suppressed him from all directions. They collided with Wang Ling with their own bodies, showing full murderous intent.

Boom!

Shadows collide. Heaven and earth shake.

The mighty will of Dao God swept across the entire divine realm. The vast divine realm was instantly enveloped under the pressure of annihilation.

The cultivators in the divine realm have been unable to bear it. Some have hid in the core world. Some have simply chosen to escape.

"You actually used your virtual body to lay a trap..."

In the sky, after the virtual bodies collided, they were suddenly shrouded in an invisible spiritual mist.

With the cultivation of Heavenly Dao, it is impossible to break through the spiritual mist of Dao God.

But the clues have already been seen.

Dao God used his virtual body to lay a trap.

They seemed to be desperately trying to crash into the virtual body of Wang Ling. In fact, this was a means of jointly sealing it.

The virtual body carries part of their Dao God Seal power.

Each person can condense a powerful sealing power by sacrificing several lifetimes of cultivation!

After this virtual body trap collided with Wang Ling's virtual body, the power of the Dao God Seal was like a reptile. In an instant, Wang Ling's virtual image spread all over the body, and a bright divine light burst out!

"Every rune gathered in the Dao God Seal weighs ten thousand trillions. This is the weight of God..." The six Dao Gods were secretly even more proud.

I didn't expect it to be suppressed so easily.

After all. This is God's weight.

It's impossible for anyone to break free.

But at the next moment.

Wang Ling twisted his shoulders.

He stamped his foot violently.

Those Dao God seals bound to the virtual image were like divided fish scales. They disintegrated instantly! They were shattered to pieces!

Just a moment.

The battle is over.

In the sky, the six Dao God brains disappeared.

The oppressive red clouds dispersed instantly. The sun emerged. It was cloudless!

Bang bang bang bang bang...

The six Dao Gods were all shocked to the point of vomiting blood in their respective family sanctuaries.

...

However, this battle is not over yet...

The next thing that greets the Six Dao Gods is the monk's head hammer falling from the sky!

The monk has divided himself into six clones and targeted the six Dao God's family forbidden areas.

I plan to have one child at a time.

Completely block the possibility of these Dao God counterattacks.





Chapter 1292 Just shout once!


Daoxuan Hall. The monks and Miss Ajuan carry several of them each. The seven Dao Gods are piled up like corpses here.

After going through the monk's "East Wind, 100% blood-locking and stunning, Thousand Miles Head Hammer Technique".

The Seven Dao Gods have become what they are now. And they are still in a coma state to this day.

Blood mixed with yellow liquid flowed out...

Miss Ajuan noticed that it was coming from the head of the Zhou family.

Among the seven Dao Gods, the head of the Zhou family is the worst.

It was also a backlash injury. Only the head of the Zhou family's Dao God's brain was directly pierced by Wang Ling's finger.

In other words. This backlash hurts and fills up.

After suffering the most severe backlash injury, he also experienced a headbutt from the monk, which directly caused a bone fracture on his head.

In other words, among the Seven Dao Gods, only the head of the Zhou family is cracked.

"Monk, what's leaking out is not brain matter..." Miss Ajuan frowned and pinched her nose and asked.

"Don't worry, Miss Ajuan. This is Dao God. You won't die if you shed some brains."

Jin Deng's face was full of kindness: "And it comes out. There are only benefits."

"What does this mean, monk?"

"The brain fluid flowing out now may be the water flowing out of my brain when I chose to take action."

"..."

The monk sighed deeply.

Look at the Wang family, the Gu family and the Liu family. How can the heads of these three families understand it so well? Isn't it possible to just stay in seclusion?

If you are not good at cultivation, you still have to intervene...

This is great.

The body suffered backlash. This week, the head of the Zhou family alone lost 100 lifetimes of cultivation.

Of course, other family heads are not much better. On average, there are still seven Dao Ancestors in 80 lifetimes.

The Liu family's ranking among the ten major families in God's Domain is originally tenth.

And after this wave.

I am afraid that the head of the Liu family will directly replace the Zhou family and successfully jump to third place.

The monk seemed to be able to think of the way the head of the Liu family couldn't help laughing in the forbidden area.

Now. The overall situation has been decided.

After the seven Dao Gods were severely beaten, it indicates that the upgrade of the earth has become a certainty.

"All clan elders, please come out."

The monk turned the rosary beads in his hand and scanned a direction with his peripheral vision without raising his head.

"Master..." Several Dao Supremes walked out of the ruins. Facing the scene in front of them, their hearts trembled.

They would never have imagined that today's scene would happen...

Jin Deng took out a contract from his sleeve: "You are all family elders. Now your family head is obviously incapacitated. You will be the representative. You will sign your blood on the contract."

"Painting..."

"After the painting is completed, it will be deemed that you have agreed to the earth upgrade plan...and you can receive a corpse of the head of the family as a reward."

The corners of Dao Supreme's mouth twitched: "..."

At present, this is obviously a helpless move.

Their head of the family is seriously injured. If it continues to be delayed, something might happen...

Losing a lifetime of cultivation means that their family heritage will be reduced.

They cannot afford such a loss.

"I'll go first!"

"No! Don't fight with me! I'll sign first! My head is the most seriously injured!"

"Fart! The leader of the Sheng family is obviously the worst offender! Didn't you see that his neck was hit so hard that it dug into his collarbone?"

Then, this contract began to be snatched up by the Seven Dao Supremes.

This situation couldn't help but make the monk sigh in his heart.

If we had known this, why would we do it in the first place...

Just like that, it took nearly half an hour.

The seven Dao Supremes had another fight at the scene to compete for the right to give priority to the painting. The painting had just been completed.

When everyone returned to their clan with their respective heads of family, their noses were bruised and their faces were swollen.

"Everyone, walk slowly! When your master wakes up, remember to tell him that it was the monk who bumped into him. It has nothing to do with me!" Miss Ajuan looked at the departing figures of several clan elders and waved from a distance.

...

So far.

The work before upgrading the earth was ready. The monk put away the contract and was about to go back. At this time, a stream of light suddenly fell from the sky.

What was beyond the monk's expectation was that this person did not dress like a family elder. He seemed to be just an old servant.

But this old servant's combat power is surprisingly strong.

It has actually reached the level of Dao Supreme.

You must know that the elders of the seven major families who took action earlier were still the elders of the major clans.

Most of them are just the lower class of Dao Supreme. The strongest Zhou family is always the middle class of Dao Supreme.

The monk turned his beads and figured out the origin of this old servant: "Are you from the Wang family?"

"I have met Master Jin Deng. The master knows things like a god. The old man admires him." The servant's face was peaceful. He didn't come here just for the pottery stand.

After all, the Wang family, the Gu family and the Liu family are all sensible families. They are not as skinny as the remaining seven families.

As he spoke, the servant also took out a contract from his lapel. This was the three heads of the Wang family, the Gu family and the Liu family. They personally agreed to the contract with the joint signatures stamped by the heads of the family.

Now it is delivered by this old servant of the Wang family.

The old man presented the joint contract with both hands. At the same time, there was an apologetic look on his face: "When the seven families took the initiative, the three masters did not help the master. I hope the master will understand..."

"The poor monk won't mind."

The monk smiled and said: "The most taboo thing in retreat is to have a shaken mind. It makes sense that the Gu family and the Wang family have been the top two in the divine domain for many years. The poor monk also thanked the three family heads for sending this joint contract. As a token of appreciation. Sincerity."

"The master's magnanimity makes the old man admire him."

After the old man finished speaking, he glanced around again.

The monk knew who he was looking for: "Ling Zhenren. has gone back."

"It's a pity that I couldn't meet Ling Zhenren." The old man from the Wang family sighed.

He killed the Zhou Dao God when he appeared on the scene. Then he defeated the six Dao Gods with only the power of his body... What kind of shocking and terrifying power is this?

When the head of the Wang family stamped the joint contract, he specifically told the old man to say hello if he saw Ling Zhenren.

But now, it seems that fate has not come yet.

Some things cannot be forced after all.

"Although Ling Zhenren left, he left something behind. He asked me to give it to the elders of three wealthy families. I also hope that the old gentleman can hand it over on his behalf." At this time, the monk's words made the old man's eyes light up.

"Ling Zhenren actually left something behind. What is it?"

"In fact, this is also the humble monk's suggestion."

The monk smiled and said: "The three family heads are still in retreat. They have never taken action from the beginning to the end. Therefore, the poor monk thinks that the remaining seven major families will not give up. If they join forces to retaliate at this time, I am afraid it will be another disaster. "

"That's what the master said!" The old servant of the Wang family nodded.

"Therefore, the monk asked Ling Zhenren to leave three golden talismans."

The monk said. He moved his fingertips. Three streams of light flowed out from between his fingers and hit the old servant's hand in front of him.

The old servant held the golden talisman in his hand. His hands were trembling: "May I ask Master, how to use this golden talisman?"

The monk smiled: "If you encounter trouble, just shout: Go and invite me Wang Ling Buddha! That's it."





Chapter 1293 Earth’s Tribulation Transcendence Road


In the distance, Heavenly Dao didn’t know what to say to describe his mood at the moment.

"Senior, the seven major families who took action were beaten so badly. Will they really take action again?"

Buddha Golden Lotus. Sun Rong asked.

"In the God's Domain, except for the Gu family and the Wang family, which often rotate between the first and second positions, the rankings of the other eight major families will change more or less every year. Because the gap itself is not too big, there is no way. Really stabilize the ranking."

Death Heavenly Dao said: "Even if those seven families don't take action against the Wang family and the Gu family, I'm afraid they will join forces to settle the accounts with the tenth-ranked Liu family."

The Liu family was the only one who got a big advantage in this incident.

The heritage of these seven major families cannot catch up with the Wang family and the Gu family. Therefore, the real impact on the Wang family and the Gu family is not that big.

But now after this battle, the foundation has been chipped away.

This is equivalent to shortening the gap between the Liu family and these seven major families.

In order to avoid the possibility of the Liu family taking advantage of the chaos, there is indeed a high possibility that these seven major families will join forces to seek revenge...

And they only pick out soft persimmons to pinch.

"Can Heavenly Dao punish Dao God?" At this time, Zhuo Yi also asked a question out of curiosity.

"Except for whitelist users and Dao Ancestor. No one can surpass Heavenly Dao..." Death Heavenly Dao sighed and said: "My current combat power cannot resist Dao God. Mainly because Heavenly Dao's power has been divided. If We are three thousand Heavenly Dao combined. We can lift the Dao God."

"Then can you hang my master up and beat him?"

"I can't... I might be killed..." Death Heavenly Dao felt helpless.

In fact, he had always had a bold guess.

That is the power currently shown by Wang Ling. It may not be his full combat power.

Back then, Dao Ancestor divided Heavenly Dao and divided it into three thousand Heavenly Dao. It was just for the purpose of checking and balancing power.

If there are other Ling Zhenren existing in the parallel space of this universe.

So when these "Ling Zhenren" are all combined...

How strong does that have to be?

But all of these are speculations and assumptions of Heavenly Dao.

He didn't dare to think more about it.

One Wang Ling is enough to make Heavenly Dao restless...

If all Wang Ling in all spaces were merged, wouldn't Heavenly Dao be able to be "killed"?

On the way back to Earth, Heavenly Dao discovered that the girl was frantically entering information into the "little notebook".

It seems that the harvest of God's Domain this time is quite large.

"What have you realized?" Death Heavenly Dao asked Sun Rong.

"The seniors of God's Domain are indeed very strong. And their brain circuits are very novel." Sun Rong answered truthfully.

She recorded all the pictures she just saw in the form of words. Then she recorded the pictures she saw on a hand-drawn tablet to prevent herself from forgetting.

"Sun Rong school girl can actually draw?"

In the core world of Death Heavenly Dao. Zhuo Yi is holding the Buddha Golden Lotus. He is also surprised.

In a sense, girls are also very versatile in all aspects of their talents.

"I just learned it by playing around when I had nothing to do." Sun Rong said modestly.

"As a friendly reminder, Sun Rong, if you draw my master's face on it, it will most likely turn into a mosaic..." At this time, Zhuo Yi said.

After the Great Shielding Technique has been upgraded several times, the shielding effect has become stronger.

God knows what will happen in the end...

"Don't worry, senior Zhuo Yi. I didn't draw the face of classmate Wang Ling at all. Look! This is what I drew!" Sun Rong made his drawing public.

What she is painting is the scene where the virtual image of Wang Ling fights against the six Dao God virtual images.

Originally, the virtual image meant that the face could not be seen clearly.

So the girl only drew the outline of Wang Ling's back.

Then I drew a series of "ellipses" on the head.

"This is?!"Zhuo Yi was stunned.

"This is the identity of classmate Wang Ling!"

Sun Rong stared at his painting. He nodded with satisfaction.

Zhuo Yi: "..."

...

The matter of upgrading the earth has been settled.

Jin Deng and Miss Ajuan died first in Heavenly Dao and returned to the earth. The monk's ability to shrink to an inch was incredible. It was several minutes faster than the speed of direct teleportation in Heavenly Dao.

Their next step is to go to the Office of Strategic Deception. Tell Lord Diu Lei about the upgrade of the earth.

In order for the earth to complete its upgrade, the entire earth will experience a terrible Tribulation Transcendence scene...

That's right. This is not a Tribulation Transcendence between cultivators.

It’s about the Tribulation Transcendence of the Earth!

The earth needs to survive this wave of disasters to complete the upgrade!

At this moment, in the True Venerated Immortal Hall of the Office of Strategic Deception, the leaders of each group gathered.

Lord Diu Lei, Zhenyuan immortal, Fang Xing, and Crispy Noodles Dao Lord from the security team were all present.

"The divine crystals of Heavenly Dao are extremely powerful. It is easy to upgrade the earth. But whether the earth can withstand the catastrophe is a question." Miss Ajuan said.

"What does the planet's catastrophe look like?" Lord Diu Lei was puzzled.

Regarding this matter, most people are actually not very clear about it.

Because few people have experienced the Tribulation Transcendence of the planet...

The only people who might know something about it are the immortal people in Zhenyuan.

He has been working on restoring the Drought Star.

Because the project volume is relatively complex and huge, the work progress has been very slow.

However, the people of Zhenyuan Immortal are always happy to build Drought Star. It is as interesting as playing MC.

"Normal cultivators' Tribulation Transcendence. Most of them focus on Tianlei."

At this time, the monk said: "The power and coverage scale of this Tribulation Transcendence sky thunder are related to the realm. The higher the realm, the greater the coverage and power of the sky thunder. However, the planet Tribulation Transcendence. This scale must cover the whole world. ."

"What the monk means is that if the Earth's Tribulation Transcendence is not properly handled, many cultivators may be shocked!" Miss Ajuan agreed.

"Does it cover the whole world..." Lord Diu Lei was surprised.

This is a planet-specific Tribulation Transcendence upgrade.

Then the power of thunder is naturally unparalleled.

If a cultivator outside is hit, he will probably die.

"I understand what the master means. What the master means is for me to communicate with countries all over the world. Let the cultivators do their best to protect themselves from the catastrophe?"

Fang Xing held his chin up and shook his head: "I don't think this is enough. It's like a flu outbreak. You can't make everyone obey and stay at home. There are always people who want to go out and have a look."

"Brother Fang is right..."

"Staying at home or using magic weapons for protection is far from enough to solve the problem."

At this time, the monk shook his head: "Zhenjun thinks things are too simple. The scale of the earth's Tribulation Transcendence is certain to cover the whole world. But the poor monk did not say that. The method of this Tribulation Transcendence must be the thunder of heaven... ."

In fact, it would be easier to deal with the thunder. They just need to find a way to guide the thunder to one place.

Ling Zhenren. That is a living lightning rod of human flesh!

However, the Earth's Tribulation Transcendence. It's not just as simple as the thunder coming from the sky...

This will be an impact launched by the condensed power of various planetary spirits like the "Solar Spirit"!

As far as the monk knows, the energy of these planet spirits comes from the chaos of the universe...

To put it bluntly, it is the same as the matter in the middle level chaos circle of the "Unspeakable Land".

If a cultivator from the divine realm soaks in it, he will be dead in three minutes.

Cultivators of Earth...

I'm afraid you'll die if you touch it.

"Master, do you have a solution?" At this time, Lord Diu Lei asked.

"The poor monk has an egg..." the monk said.

"Me too!"

Lord Diu Lei raised two fingers: "Still two!"

Jin Deng: "???1"

1("EGG" dan can be used for "egg" or "testicles.")





Chapter 1294 Monk Jin Deng’s Egg


The monk took out his mythical beast egg that had been hatched for 300 lives but still had no fruit.

The whole egg is dark blue. The whole egg has a crystal-like texture.

There are carving-like and regular purple lines on the outside of the eggshell. When illuminated by light, it can disperse a beautiful light.

"Master, do you mean to direct all the energy erupted during the Earth's Tribulation Transcendence to this egg?" Lord Diu Lei understood.

"Exactly."

The monk nodded: "The power of chaos has the characteristic of attracting each other. The egg of the poor monk was bred by chaos. It is suitable to be used as a lure."

In fact, it is not difficult to find a magic weapon that contains the power of chaos.

The heads of several major families in God's Domain probably have them in their hands.

The anti-realm magic weapon is not a rare thing in the divine domain.

But an anti-realm magic weapon that incorporates the power of chaos is priceless!

If an anti-world magic weapon contains the power of chaos, the power of the magic weapon can be greatly enhanced!

An anti-world magic weapon containing 1% of the power of chaos. Even if it has only a trace of power, it can increase its power by 5% on its original basis.

And this is why the Dao Gods are so keen on raising mythical beasts.

These creatures born from chaos are artifacts infused with the power of natural chaos.

It is similar to a "reinforced syringe".

Use things on the body of mythical beasts as materials. For example, head horns and hair. Wait a minute! Use these materials as supplementary materials to strengthen the world-level magic weapon. There will be a slight probability that the magic weapon will gain the power of chaos.

Jin Deng's mythical beast egg was extracted from chaos a long time ago.

But the difference from other Dao Gods is that a normal chaotic one should have some movement after giving birth to more than ten or twenty lives.

The monk's one seems to be particularly special.

Just like Nezha. He refuses to come out...

So the monk thought of a way to take advantage of this earth's Tribulation Transcendence.

"This poor monk has his own selfish motives in this matter. But I hope you can help me." The monk said to everyone.

"It's just a matter of course. Master is so polite. I also really want to know what can be born from this egg of master..." Zhenjun said. He turned around and took out his mobile phone. He made several calls.

During this period, Zhenjun changed many languages. As many as seven or eight.

Upgrading the Earth is a big deal. Lord Diu Lei has already consulted with the Huaxiu Alliance for instructions before. He hopes that the Head of State can negotiate with the leaders of multiple cultivating countries.

This is a good thing for cultivators all over the world.

On the one hand, it solves the problem of insufficient spiritual energy. On the other hand, it also enables the True Immortal realm to be further liberated.

"nailed it."

Ten minutes later, Lord Diu Lei turned around and replied: "This afternoon, Ambassador for the establishment of diplomatic relations between the planet and the planet, Guo Ping, will come to the Office of Strategic Deception. He will meet with Lord Boundary King in person. Together, we will determine the specific time for the earth's upgrade. This This matter will trouble the Lord Boundary King. This matter should be done as soon as possible. The initial date is Tuesday, December 1st."

Although it was the monk who proposed the idea of upgrading the earth.

However, the monk does not want too many people to know his identity.

It is actually appropriate to leave this matter to Miss Ajuan.

Directly create the Heavenly Dao star on the surface in order to have more friendly exchanges with the earth. Take the initiative to provide upgrades to the earth and benefit cultivators all over the earth. This would be better.

"Na na! If I take the initiative, will there be any reward?" the girl asked confidently, with her hands on her hips.

"The poor monk can provide three additional consecration services to Miss Ajuan." The monk smiled.

"Deal!" Miss Ajuan nodded.

At this time, the monk sighed silently in his heart.

This King of the God Realm is so coaxable.

They have all come to earth. Wouldn’t it be nice to directly ask for Ling Zhenren’s enlightenment technique...

This enlightenment technique is more powerful than his consecration technique.

...

On the other side, the head of the Zhou family woke up from a coma. He was covered in bandages.

Especially the head. It was wrapped up airtight.

His whole body was filled with the smell of medicinal liquid. After all, he still had the heritage of a big family. The family's medicine storehouse had all the rare magical medicines and spiritual plants in reserve. It was just for use at this critical moment.

As soon as the head of the Zhou family woke up, he saw six men sitting around his bed. He was so shocked that he almost lost his breath again.

"You...why are you here..."

Those were the heads of the other six major families who were beaten.

After they were carried back for treatment by their respective wealthy elders, it didn't take long for them to wake up one after another from their coma.

The head of the Zhou family was the last one to wake up.

"We have important matters to discuss. But you were injured the most, so I came to visit in advance and wait for you to wake up." The head of the Sheng family said.

His head had been hammered into the collarbone by the monk.

After returning to the family, the wealthy elder of the Sheng family mobilized several people to pull his head out of his body and reset it.

In a battle with the earth's cultivators, the Seven Dao Gods suffered a complete defeat.

This is something no one expected.

"Then the monk is gone..." The head of the Zhou family was still frightened.

He was hit hard by the monk's head hammer. He felt like he was almost dead...

"Master Zhou, I think your focus is wrong." The leader of the Sheng family shook his head.

This monk is indeed very powerful...but the problem is that the person who really caused a psychological shadow on them is not the monk!

But that terrible person on earth!

"Don't blame Zhou Family Master. He was seriously injured by the monk's head hammer. In fact, he has no idea what happened next." The other family heads sighed.

They actually quite envied the head of the Zhou family.

Although his Dao God brain was destroyed when the earthly young warrior's extraterrestrial hands first appeared.

But fortunately, the elimination speed was fast enough. The head of the Zhou family has not fully reacted yet.

After that, I experienced a headbutt from a monk. Naturally, I didn’t know how terrifying Wang Ling was.

On the other hand, the other six Dao Gods had a head-on confrontation with Wang Ling's virtual bodies. Then they were collectively beaten...

That kind of mental impact cannot be described in words.

Several family heads couldn't help but sigh.

"After the earth undergoes this upgrade, I think it won't take long to catch up with the divine realm... It's also a hundred years? Maybe a thousand years? Maybe it won't take that long at all..."

"More than that, I just want to know when did such a number one person appear on Earth?"

"Could he be...Dao Ancestor?"

"It can't be Dao Ancestor. We're both clear on that."

"Then the Gu family, the Wang family and the Liu family. It seems that they have known the details for a long time. They deliberately did not take action this time."

"Yes! Now that our cultivation has been reduced, I am afraid that the gap between us and these three families will widen. Although the Liu family's background is not strong to begin with, after this time, there is a high probability that it will surpass us. Everyone who steps on us will on the head."

At this moment, the Zhou family, who had just woken up from serious injuries, understood: "So what do you mean, my lords?"

"In our current situation, we definitely can't suppress the Wang family and the Gu family. We couldn't defeat them originally...but we can still bully the Liu family."

The head of the Sheng family said: "In this battle, the majesty of the seven of us has been wiped out. All forces in the God's Domain must have complained about this matter. Taking it out on the Liu family. On the one hand, it is to suppress. On the other hand, it is also to intimidate."





Chapter 1295 I’m scared


Wang Ling's slap caught the head of the Zhou family off guard.

Because of this, his impression of Wang Ling was actually very limited in this battle.

After all, the head of the Zhou family has no experience of confronting the virtual body of Wang Ling.

I cannot understand the fear of other family heads on a spiritual level.

But to be honest, the head of the Zhou family thinks this may not be a good idea.

Everyone here is not in their prime right now.

If you are eager to attack the Liu family, what if something goes wrong... I'm afraid it will be a doomed situation by then.

"There are risks in doing this. Lords, have you thought about it?" asked the head of the Zhou family.

He felt that the more times like this, the more important it was to keep his mind calm.

"It's obvious now. The Wang family, the Gu family, and the Liu family are all in one... Although we are targeting the Liu family, how can you, the Lords, guarantee that the Wang family and the Gu family will not send anyone to help?"

These words made the others fall into silence.

Yes. They can't guarantee that the Gu family and the Wang family won't help.

These two masters are both in the realm of Dao God. Their strength is far above them...

They came to the Zhou family and waited for the head of the Zhou family to wake up. They thought that this time the action plan to suppress the Liu family would be supported.

Unexpectedly, the words of the leader of the Zhou family made several people fall into deep thought.

"Listening to Zhou family leader's analysis, I also feel that this matter seems to be risky."

"Yes. If this goes wrong... wouldn't our reputation be even more discredited?"

"Everyone! There are seven of us joining forces!" At this time, the head of the Sheng family noticed something was wrong in the atmosphere. He quickly opened his eyes and said.

The Wang family and the Gu family are indeed strong, but even if the seven of them join forces, they may not be able to lose!

"Don't ask me about this matter. I haven't recovered from my injury. I don't want to take this risk... Lords, please go back." At this time, the head of the Zhou family sighed. He shook his head: "My Lords, please go back. I I won’t give it away."

The eviction order has been issued. There is no point in staying here anymore.

The idea of a crusade was originally proposed by the head of the Sheng family. Naturally, he didn't want to give up. He waved his sleeves and left the place angrily.

After all the six family heads were sent away, Zhou Zhentian, the wealthy elder of the Zhou family, came to the solitary room on the rented land.

Meet the head of the Zhou family after he wakes up.

"Master, I have something to do in this pavilion. I don't know whether to talk about it or not..." Zhou Zhentian asked.

"Say it." The head of the Zhou family closed his eyes and adjusted his breathing.

After all, he is Dao God. He has almost recovered from the trauma on his body.

Internal injuries will not heal in the future.

The only regret is the loss of cultivation this time...

"We have always had a good relationship with these six families... This time we have refuted the face of the head of the Sheng family on the spot. I'm afraid it will be chilling." Zhou Zhentian said.

"He just wants to earn back face. Which is more important, face or life?"

"What the head of the family said makes sense..." Zhou Zhentian was surprised.

He didn't know if it was because the "water in his brain" had flowed out. He felt that his family leader's thinking had become much clearer.

"That monk is very weird. The strong men on earth are even weirder. Even the six of them can't defeat him together. So it's better to be cautious in this matter." said the head of the Zhou family.

In fact, that much has been said.

In the final analysis, it can be summed up in three words: I am scared.

"Later, you can choose some heavenly materials and earthly treasures from the medicine storehouse and send them to the six families. This can be regarded as a little help that I can provide." The head of the Zhou family said this. He slowly closed his eyes and said, "Step back... ."

"Yes."

...

Under the instigation of the head of the Sheng family, the remaining five Dao Gods finally decided to join the war and jointly implement the plan to suppress the Liu family.

They stood side by side and shuttled through the air. They jumped over the mountains and rivers and went straight to the Liu family's forbidden land.

The realm of God is so vast. Normal cultivators would have to go through many twists and turns if they wanted to travel. They would even have to consider various airspace restrictions.

The top ten families have other privileges.

As the head of the family, a Dao God-level character can even ignore the existence of restrictions and travel across various areas.

"The head of the Zhou family has said so much. To put it bluntly, he is still cowardly." The head of the Sheng family looked gloomy. He had already withdrawn from the feasibility of this operation.

It was impossible for the Liu family to think that they had just experienced a big war and go directly to cause trouble for the Liu family.

And the most important thing is that the Liu family's forbidden area is far away from the Wang family and the Gu family.

The heads of the two families cannot take action easily. Even if they send people to support them, they still have to rush.

The six of them Dao God worked together to suppress it. The Liu family would surrender before they could wait for reinforcements to arrive.

"This matter must be acted upon as soon as possible. A quick resolution!" said the head of the Li family. He also believed that this plan was feasible.

At this time, the six Dao Gods were moving together in the air. The space they passed was distorted and blurred.

They crossed mountains and seas and crossed mountains and seas of people. They stepped through space passages and jumped to where they wanted to go.

"It's finally here."

When they were still some distance away from the Liu family's forbidden area, the six Dao Gods stopped. They concentrated on adjusting their breath and quickly concentrated their energy.

Ahead is a prosperous city. It is the homeland of the Liu family. The word "Liucheng" is engraved in large gold letters on the plaque at the gate of the city.

They originally did not take the Liu family seriously. After all, among the ten major families, the Liu family is ranked last. Not only is its combat power and comprehensive foundation inferior to the ten major families, it is also perennially marginalized among the ten major families in the God's Domain.

There is too much uncertainty in this position of tenth place. No one knows how long the Liu family can sit in the tenth place.

Moreover, the Liu family has been in constant turmoil since they came to power.

Previously, a direct descendant passed away. She was still a girl. I don’t know why she ended up on earth.

It has a very bad reputation.

"Ha. The six of us are gathered here now. We take action together. This also gives Liu Fengnan a lot of face." In the sky, the head of the Sheng family said with a smile.

He bluntly mentioned the name of the head of the Liu family without any respect at all.

The auras of six Dao Gods soared over Liucheng. Although this pressure was not as terrifying as the condensed Dao God's brain, for cultivators in the divine realm, the sense of oppression was actually not much different.

Countless Liu family children and citizens in the city raised their heads one after another. There was a look of horror in their eyes.

Everyone can feel that these six Dao Gods are coming with bad intentions. I am afraid they are here to provoke a war...

"The six Dao Gods gathered in front of my Liu City gate. My Liu family is flourishing. I just don't know why the six Dao Gods are so aggressive..." In front of the city gate, the wealthy elders of the Liu family came to greet them.

He walked out of the city. He looked down at the sky. He raised his hands and bowed. He was filled with the aura of books. He was gentle and elegant.

"Six of us are here. Why don't you, the head of the Liu family, come to see you? Isn't Liu Fengnan too disrespectful to us?" The head of the Sheng family stepped forward and asked coldly.

...

At this time. On Earth.

The monk has projected this scene from the divine realm. It is played on the screen of the True Venerated Immortal Hall...

It will still be some time before Guo Ping arrives.

Before Guo Ping arrived, everyone in the True Venerated Immortal Hall was watching.

"Hahaha. Monk, you guessed it right. They really took action." Miss Ajuan stared at the picture on the screen attentively. She did not expect that everything turned out to be as the monk expected.

"The script has already been written for them..."

The monk clasped his hands together and said "Amitabha". Then he smiled and said, "You might as well take a guess. How many Dao Gods will fall in this wave?"





Chapter 1296 It was clearly arranged


"Eh? So you're going to die?" After hearing the monk's words, the Ajuan girl showed a surprised expression.

"The fall of Dao God is different from the fall of ordinary cultivators." The monk said.

After all, he has become Dao God.

A person of this level will fall.

You can also exchange your life by deducting your cultivation.

But even if he doesn't die in the end.

This time the attack of the six Dao Gods, no matter how you calculate it, will end with a loss of blood.

Using the cultivation you have spent in seclusion for decades to pay for your own impulses doesn't really sound like what the Dao God should do.

The monk was sighing and feeling regretful in his heart.

After all, it is God's Domain's superior cultivation resources that make these upper-level cultivators too arrogant.

Even Dao God is not immune to vulgarity.

On the other hand, these two members of the Wang family and the Gu family.

That kind of state where the mind is like still water is the magnanimity that upper-level cultivators should have.

Able to consistently rank among the top two

This makes sense.

"It's all fate."

The monk looked at the picture projected on the screen and sighed secretly.

The scripts of the Six Dao Gods have actually been clearly arranged.

As a cultivator, if you are too impetuous, you are destined not to achieve much.

Even if you are lucky and achieve great success for a while, if you fall, you will be shattered into pieces.

At this time, Death Heavenly Dao has also arrived in the True Venerated Immortal Hall.

Zhuo Yi holds the Golden Lotus of Buddha. Released from the core world by the death of Heavenly Dao.

"Zhuo Yi Hello brother!"

"Hello, General Administration Zhuo!"

Everyone inside the Office of Strategic Deception clasped their hands.

Zhuo Yi looked at the scene in front of him. He scratched his head and said: "Senior Heavenly Dao, who just died, took me and Sun Rong to the God's Domain to watch. I thought the battle was over... I didn't expect it. It started again so soon."

Although before leaving God's Realm. Sun Rong and Zhuo Yi heard about death Heavenly Dao's analysis of the ten major families in God's Realm.

I just didn't expect it to come true so quickly.

"How is classmate Sun Rong doing?" At this time, Fang Xing asked, staring at the Buddha Golden Lotus in Zhuo Yi's hand.

Zhuo Yi Yixiao: "Let her speak for herself."

Seeing Fang Xing, Wang Zhen, Liu Qingyi, Gu Shunzhi and Zhenyuan immortal all in the True Venerated Immortal hall. Sun Rong also had a very surprised expression on his face.

On the way back to Earth, Zhuo Yi almost introduced the Office of Strategic Deception to Sun Rong.

And he deliberately gave Sun Rong a pass, saying that there were several classmates she knew in the Office of Strategic Deception.

With Wang Ling excluded. There are multiple guesses for Sun Rong.

She guessed Wang Zhen, she guessed Liu Qingyi, she guessed the Zhenyuan immortal who goes by the pseudonym "Zhen Yuan". She also guessed Gu Shunzhi...

Because these are transfer students who are very good at studying.

And as soon as he entered Number 60 High School, he seemed to be very close to Wang Ling.

But Sun Rong never guessed that Fang Xing was actually with this group of people!

"Classmate Fang Xing. It turns out you are too..."

The girl was shocked.

Now she finally understands.

Why were Fang Xing and others accidentally eliminated in the Jiulong Mountain Physical Martial Arts Competition the night before the final battle!

Because if these people participate, the others won’t have to play at all!

"Zhuo Yi Senior..."

"What's wrong with Sun Rong school girl?"

"I found out that Number 60 High School is full of hidden dragons and crouching tigers. It's so scary!" Sun Rong felt very complicated.

"I'm so sorry for hiding it from classmate Sun Rong for so long." Fang Xing said with a smile.

"It's okay...I won't be surprised by anything I see now..." After these few days of experience, Sun Rong feels that his eyesight has been greatly improved.

She feels that the world of cultivation is very small.

Because it turns out there are so many dormant masters around her!

She also felt that the world of cultivation was very big.

It is as vast and boundless as the divine realm. It makes people yearn for it...

"Are you taking notes?" At this time, Fang Xing noticed that Sun Rong was working hard to record things in the "small notebook".

"Senior Death Heavenly Dao said. If I return to the physical body.

Memories will be forgotten. That’s why I have to write it down!" Sun Rong said with a smile: "I am currently sketching classmate Fang Xing! We will be good friends from now on!"

Fang Xing shrugged: "It doesn't matter if you want to be good sisters with me."

Sun Rong: "???"

...

Return to the gate of Liucheng in God's Domain.

It's beyond everyone's expectation.

Faced with the aggressive questioning from the head of the Sheng family.

The elder of the Liu family showed no fear at all.

"Lord Dao God came to my Liu family's dungeon. We treated each other with courtesy. But Lord Dao God was aggressive. I wonder who is more shameless?"

The elder of the Liu family smiled and said: "My family has always been in seclusion with no distractions. I don't think the six Dao God masters will make trouble because the Liu family didn't take action before, right?"

After saying this, the expressions of the Six Dao Gods changed slightly on the spot.

The elders of the Liu family actually knew the purpose of their trip...

This is a little bit intriguing.

It was as if he had anticipated this incident.

"It seems that the Liu family knows everything. I think there is no need for everyone to pretend to be confused."

At this time, the head of the Li family laughed and said, "Seven of our families are fighting for the divine domain. You, the Liu family, took the lead and stayed at home. In the end, we were defeated and returned."

The head of the Li family never mentioned anything about the Gu family and the Wang family. Instead, he threw the blame directly on the Liu family...

Such hooligan behavior really made the Liu family's elders feel a bit dumbfounded.

"If you want to impose a crime, why bother?"

The elder of the Liu family smiled bitterly and shook his head: "So, what do you gentlemen want to do?"

"It's very simple. Since you are unwilling to contribute to the maintenance of God's Domain, then it is always necessary to contribute some money."

The head of the Li family said: "The compensation for our family is 10 billion divine crystals. But if your Liu family can't get it out, then you have to weigh the consequences."

"What are the consequences?"

"You have to think about the citizens behind you and the many children of the Liu family."

That’s all.

The elder of the Liu family's face darkened.

Although I have long known that the tenth position in this family is not easy to achieve.

However, he never expected that he would be openly bullied to this extent.

"Let's do this. I will make a bet with you Dao God. If I lose, the Liu family will do whatever you want." At this time, the elder of the Liu family said.

"Oh? What bet?" The head of the Sheng family became interested.

"You are all Dao Gods. You are bullying me, a little Dao Supreme. It would be a joke to say it out loud. In terms of combat power, I am willing to be defeated."

The elder of the Liu family bowed and said: "In a moment, I will take the first step. With the land of God as the limit, you will take action again after 3 minutes. If you can find me, count me as a loser! Otherwise, all Dao God masters, please leave immediately. ."

"Do you know the difference between Dao God and Dao Supreme?"

The head of the Sheng family couldn't believe that the elder of the Liu family said something like this: "It's enough for me to find you by myself. If the six of us join forces, we can dig you out no matter where you go."

"I think adults should not talk too much."

"Then we'll see." In the void, the six Dao Gods all nodded.

The vastness of the divine realm.

3 minutes. Even if the Liu family is always in the realm of Supreme.

It was impossible to rush to the Wang family or the Gu family to ask for help.

They wanted to see what this wealthy elder of the Liu family wanted to do.

...

On Earth, everyone watching was also surprised.

"Hey! Monk! What does this wealthy Liu family want to do? Can Dao Supreme escape the God of Thieves?" Miss Ajuan asked with her hands on her hips in confusion.

"Well, of course you can't."

The monk burst out laughing on the spot. He had already guessed the intention of the elder of the Liu family: "This rich man of the Liu family is always a smart man... He was going to be struck down by Ling Zhenren later. The aftermath would affect the people in the city. That's why he used this technique." "

"Wow! Then isn't this the legendary flash tomb relocation!"

Ajuan girl shows her starry eyes!

This TV series is so good!

She can't wait!





Chapter 1297 Go and invite me Wang Ling Buddha!


"I think Liu Chengru is probably crazy. How can he escape with Dao Supreme?" The head of the Sheng family bluntly said the name of the wealthy elder of the Liu family. He chuckled. I don't know what Liu Chengru was thinking.

The spiritual consciousness of any one of their six Dao Gods can cover the entire divine realm in an instant.

Not to mention 3 minutes. Even if Liu Chengru is given 30 more minutes, they can dig him out even if he buries himself in the ground.

As soon as the bet started, Liu Chengru turned into a streak of light and shadow and disappeared.

His speed is extremely fast.

There are only three minutes left. All the magic weapons and props that can be used to speed up are used.

At this time, the "Kun Peng Ling", the anti-boundary magical weapon that Liu Chengru specially borrowed from the head of the Liu family, played a vital role.

It is mixed with 2% of the power of chaos, which increases the power by nearly 10% on the original basis.

When he holds it, he injects spiritual power. His arms can turn into Kunpeng wings in a short period of time. In the blink of an eye, they will disappear at the end of the horizon.

Liu Chengru knew that he would definitely not be able to escape if he ran.

His ultimate goal is to find a deserted place.

The best direction is naturally the direction of Shenhai!

"There's still 1 minute left..."

Without the slightest hesitation, Liu Chengru waved his broad Kunpeng wings.

The moment he was about to approach the surface of the Divine Sea, he put it away and plunged into the Divine Sea.

The sea area of the Divine Sea is luminous. Its depth is even darker and darker. Every time you dive one meter, you will bear huge pressure.

Forty thousand meters below the seabed of the Divine Sea, there is no sign of life.

The maximum diving distance of Dao Supreme is about 5,000 meters.

And Dao God. can dive directly under 40,000 meters. This is a huge gap in realm.

At this time, close to the limit of the deep sea, Liu Chengru's eyes released light, like a searchlight.

In a trench right in front of him was an ancient ruins of the Divine Realm. There were ancient buildings eroded by the sea water of the Divine Sea. These buildings had become extremely fragile due to years of seawater immersion. They could be torn apart with a gentle break. .

There are various immortal ships, spirit boats and even the bones of cultivators hanging on the trench walls in the trench.

The Divine Sea in the Divine Realm is an extremely mysterious place.

Countless divine cultivators have borrowed modern power to explore here.

And more people are buried here forever.

The choice of this trench was something Liu Chengru had planned for a long time. There are few traces of biological activity near this trench. It smells like a submarine garbage dump.

Buildings, rubbish and the bones of dead creatures are all piled up in this trench.

It exudes a very foul smell all year round.

"Finally arrived." Liu Chengru was completely relieved when he reached his destination.

Basically everything went as he expected.

And soon, Liu Chengru, who was about 5,000 meters above sea level, felt the powerful aura penetrating from the sea.

He ran for three minutes.

Dao God chased him three minutes later, but it only took less than three seconds.

The opponent was chasing at such a terrifying speed. Relying on the powerful spiritual lock, Liu Chengru knew that he had no room to escape.

Soon, six groups of divine fire appeared on the seabed.

It is the flame emanating from the body after the six Dao Gods light up the core world. It is also called the divine fire.

This is also one of the "symbols of Dao God".

However, divine fire has no other blessing effects.

Mostly used by Dao God as a human flashlight.

The lighting is also excellent in extremely dim conditions...

"Eh? Kunpeng Ling?" Through the light of the divine fire, the head of the Sheng family saw clearly what Liu Chengru was holding.

He knew that this was one of the magical weapons that Liu Fengnan, the head of the Liu family, was proud of.

"Liu Fengnan actually gave you the Kunpeng Ling?" The head of the Sheng family laughed: "Is he closed-minded and confused? You are just a Dao Supreme. Even with the blessing of the Kunpeng Ling, there is no way you can outrun us."

In his opinion, the Kun Peng Ling given by Liu Fengnan.

I'm afraid it's going to be for nothing. It's an anti-boundary weapon that is fused with 2% of the power of chaos.

It has great collection value.

"Liu Chengru. You have lost. Then according to the agreement, accept the punishment..." The head of the Li family took action directly.

He was not polite.

His right arm expanded infinitely as it stretched out, like a mountain surrounding the elder of the Liu family.

Liu Chengru felt that he could still struggle a little longer.

He activated the Kun Peng Ling. He opened his wings and flapped them violently. The sea water in front of him immediately boiled!

Affected by the resistance of the sea water in the Divine Sea, all actions in the Divine Sea will slow down.

Especially when the water suddenly became turbulent, Liu Chengru decided that the other party might not be able to catch him so easily.

"The worm shakes the tree. I don't know what it means..." However, the power of Dao God was still manifested at this moment.

The hand of the head of the Li family is covered with the Dao God seal, ignoring the resistance of the sea water.

He grabbed it with one hand, like "fishing for the moon in the sea", and wrapped Liu Chengru completely in his palm.

"Caught."

The head of the Li family was extremely proud.

The other five gods followed and watched Liu Chengru being caught in the hands of the head of the Li family.

"It's just Dao Supreme. How dare you be so different?" the five family heads sneered.

"So it turns out that gods also work together to bully people? With you, you are worthy of being called gods?" Liu Chengru looked cold.

He was calm in his heart. Even in the gazes of the six Dao Gods, he showed no trace of fear.

This made the head of the Li family feel very strange: "I don't know how you, little Dao Supreme., get your confidence?"

He squeezed Xie's hand tightly. This made clan elder Liu Chengru instantly feel the pain of being squeezed out of his body.

"You are just about to die and you are still pretending. It's really ridiculous..."

Liu Chengru resisted the pain and retorted: "Master is right. It's time for God's Domain to be baptized... Even people like you can be Gods. The future of God's Domain is bleak!"

"Shut up!" the head of the Li family scolded. He wanted to crush Liu Chengru right now. However, he felt that if Liu Chengru died now, it would not be enough to establish his authority.

So, the head of the Li family sneered: "Liu Chengru, you are willing to admit defeat. I will execute you in front of the Liu family members in front of the gate of Liucheng!"

"Will I be executed?"

"Yes..."

The head of the Li family looked cold: "You are disrespectful to God. This is what you will end up with."

"I'm sorry..." Liu Chengru said suddenly.

"What did you say?"

"I said, I'm sorry... the people who might die are you..."

Then, he opened his mouth wide and spit out the golden talisman given to him by Jin Deng.

"Do you think a golden talisman can save your life?" the head of the Li family pondered.

"That's not necessarily the case."

At this time, Liu Chengru laughed loudly. Then he looked up to the sky and shouted: "Go and invite me Wang Ling Buddha!!!"

The words just fell.

The golden talisman vibrates!

Then a blazing and bright light burst out!

A hand descended from the sky, covering the sky and the sun, and pierced directly into this divine sea!

Come again...

The six Dao Gods trembled in an instant.

Everyone feels that the death omen star is coming above their heads!

...

"Is this! Ling Zhenren's hand?"

Office of Strategic Deception In the main hall of the True Lord. Everyone was shocked.

The next moment. A split screen screen appeared on the screen.

Switch directly to the Wang family's small villa.

At this moment, Wang Ling was bored and reaching out to mess with the square fish tank in front of him.

Then, with his slender and white fingers, he picked up six small stones in the fish tank...





Chapter 1298 Wang Ling’s fish tank


This fish tank is actually a magical weapon belonging to the monk. It is called: Fishing Law Enforcement Tank.

It can lock any rivers and seas that the monk has traveled. Let the space inside the fish tank connect with these rivers and seas.

The size of the space is related to the strength of the fish tank user.

The monk calculated that the six Dao Gods would hunt down the divine sea in the divine realm. Therefore, he gave such a fish tank to Wang Ling.

However, the locked area of the fish tank is very limited. It is impossible to cover the entire Shenhai area.

Even the monk himself cannot do this.

With his strength, he can only lock one-third of the Divine Sea at most.

But what the monk never expected was...

This fish tank is under Wang Ling's hand. The space of the fish tank directly fills the entire Divine Sea.

There are even large-scale overflows...

In other words. It’s not just the Divine Sea.

This entire divine domain is under the control of Wang Ling. It is only the size of a goldfish bowl.

But there is one thing to say. The design of a magical weapon like a fish tank. Wang Ling thinks only a monk can think of it...

He suddenly received a lot of inspiration from the monk.

This monk has a lot of experience and a big brain. He knows too much weird knowledge.

Wang Ling considers himself to be superior to a monk in combat power. But in some other aspects, this monk does have something worth learning from.

"What are you going to do?" Er Ha asked, looking at Wang Ling.

It can clearly feel the six small stones caught between Wang Ling's fingers. It is shivering...

Previously, the six Dao Gods had been clamoring about the question "What is God?"

Now. The answer is obvious.

The next moment.

The six small stones in Wang Ling's fingers were crushed into pieces...

...

On the other side. At a depth of 5,000 meters in the Divine Sea.

Liu Chengru looked up at the six Dao Gods who were quickly caught on the sea level by giant hands and instantly turned into ashes. He fell into deep thought for a long time.

This is obviously not the monk's hand.

Previously when the monk was fighting against the Seven Dao Gods.

That extraterrestrial hand that pierced the brain of Dao God, the head of the Zhou family, left a deep impression on him.

"Is it that senior from Earth again..." Liu Chengru felt that this could no longer be described as "strong".

He rummaged through his mind and found that he couldn't come up with the exact adjective for the moment.

The six Dao Gods had no power to resist at all.

Under the hands of these aliens, they were neatly snatched out of the deep sea. They were crushed to pieces on the spot in an instant. Their flesh and blood were blurred. Then they were turned into fly ash...

He didn't even hear the cry of the Six Dao Gods.

Liu Chengru saw everything in his eyes and was shocked in his heart.

He jumped out of the sea level. He felt that the breath of the six Dao Gods had completely disappeared...

"Is this the fall?" Liu Chengru felt a little numb.

Crush six Dao Gods to death at once. What kind of existence is this...

...

In a dark world, the souls of the six Dao Gods appeared here.

This is a world covered in dark purple glow. There is low pressure everywhere. It makes people feel mentally depressed.

"We are really dead..."

The faces of the six Dao Gods were pale, their hearts were throbbing, and their wandering souls were trembling.

They know very well what kind of place this is...

This is a place abandoned by God!

--It is rumored that the Dao God is an unknown world that can only be entered after death.

In this world, Heavenly Dao's seductive soul, the Golden Men, cannot be locked to their location. In other words, their souls at this moment will temporarily escape the jurisdiction of the death Heavenly Dao.

Being able to come to this world is one of the privileges that only God has.

Here they can sacrifice their own cultivation to pay for their own lives.

However, they had no idea what had just happened...

Everything happened too suddenly.

"Then what is the origin of the seniors on earth..."

The Six Dao Gods never thought that they would be killed instantly.

Entering directly, "Is this the first time for everyone to come to this god-forsaken land?" The head of the Li family was shocked.

"Hey. We should listen to more advice... The Wang family, the Gu family, and the Liu family. The disciples of those three families are all on Earth. And they must be related to the senior on Earth... No matter which family we attack. It's all for free."

"It's too late to regret it!" Hearing this, the heads of other families also sighed.

Now it's too late for them to regret.

In fact, if they think about it carefully, they feel that if they had been calmer before, they would not have encountered such a thing...

The patriarch of the Liu family, Liu Chengru, is just a Dao Supreme. Why would he dare to argue with their six Dao Gods?

If he didn't have that life-saving golden talisman as his trump card, how could he have such confidence?

"The head of the Sheng family. It seems that you were the one who instigated this matter from the very beginning." At this time, the heads of the other five families focused their attention on the soul of the head of the Sheng family.

Their eyes were filled with anger and they were trembling with anger.

"Please calm down...I didn't expect things to turn out like this..."

The head of the Sheng family couldn't resist the public anger, so he had to give in: "I think we should discuss it first. How should we go back?"

"How else can I go back?"

The head of the Li family smiled bitterly.

His gaze pointed to a simple black altar in front of him.

The entire altar is square. It is engraved with obscure ancient Taoist patterns, exuding a magical atmosphere.

"Have you seen it? This should be the altar of the abandoned place recorded in ancient books." said the head of the Li family.

Based on his knowledge, he told the method of resurrection: "In the middle of the altar is the Pillar of God's Abandonment. Touch it and sacrifice your own cultivation. Then you can go back."

"Sacrificing to cultivate one's strength...how many sacrifices do we have to make..." several masters asked one after another.

"According to ancient records, everyone's situation is different. It needs to be comprehensively evaluated based on the cause of death and all aspects of the matter. I heard that if you reflect in your heart, you can greatly reduce the loss of your cultivation. If you have no regrets, then... I can only sacrifice most of my cultivation..."

When the head of the Li family said this, the other five gods all understood.

The cause of death. Needless to say, they all died at the hands of those outside that day... and they were killed on the spot. They didn't even feel much pain. They were already dead.

This is a destructive and overwhelming force. The six Dao Gods still tremble in retrospect.

As for repentance...

At this time, they couldn't help but think of what Liu Chengru said to them when he summoned the golden talisman before his death.

"Now it seems that what the elder of the Liu family said is not unreasonable..."

At this time, Dao Ancestor of the Wu family sighed: "The six of us, we call ourselves gods, but just now we were crushed to death like ants by the senior on Earth..."

After the head of the Wu family finished speaking, tears were rolling in the corners of his eyes. He looked really regretful.

It seems like nothing from the class is like this. Painful too.

Then, he took a step forward and took the initiative to reach out and touch the Pillar of God's Abandonment: "Everyone, I'll go first... I hope my confession can move the Pillar of God's Abandonment..."

About ten seconds passed. The Pillar of Divine Abandonment began to tremble slightly.

At the same time, a disembodied voice sounded.

"If you are punished for 100 lifetimes of cultivation, you can return to the world..."

This is the sound made by the pillar spirit of the Pillar of God’s Abandonment.

"100 lives..."

The head of the Wu family was shocked. He expressed dissatisfaction with the verdict: "I have obviously repented!"

Zhu Ling was angry: "Shut up! You are an actor..."





Chapter 1299 What is the equivalent of ten lifetimes of cultivation?


"As expected of a master. He can even switch to a place like this..."

In Office of Strategic Deception, the screen projected by Jin Deng simultaneously switches to this god-forsaken place.

Everyone stared at the souls of the six Dao Gods. They were once again shocked by the monk's methods.

The monk smiled slightly, "When the monk hit these Dao Gods with his head hammer, he used a consecration technique to illuminate their retinas while they were unconscious. That's why we can capture the current scene."

Flexible use of {Consecration Technique} can create a certain connection between the objects being consecrated and the monks...

So now the monk can switch to a total of 6 perspectives to observe this god-forsaken place.

And now the perspective that everyone in the Office of Strategic Deception sees is the perspective of the head of the Wu family.

In fact, the monk has always had a wish. That is to complete a historical documentary recording the rise and fall of the divine realm.

This will serve as a warning to cultivators on earth. In order to better promote the culture of cultivation.

Use {Open Light Technique} to invade the retinas of these Dao Gods. This is for this purpose.

"I still don't understand. Why doesn't Dao God have a life-saving magic weapon on him?" At this time, Lord Diu Lei asked.

He even has a soul-suppressing ring given to him by Wang Ling.

As long as he is seriously injured, he can be resurrected without limit.

"Because the person who killed them was Ling Zhenren. Therefore, the life-saving magic weapon has no effect at all."

The monk said: "They died at the speed of light under the force of Ling Zhenren's fingers. So fast that even they themselves could not react. Even those life-saving magic weapons may be in a state of confusion."

"As expected of Master!"Zhuo Yi exclaimed!

This is what is called, as long as you die quickly enough, the life-saving magic weapon will not be able to react...

"Normal cultivators die. Generally, the soul will not be damaged. And the resurrection mechanism of life-saving magic weapons is mostly based on this. By copying the incomplete cells, the body is reshaped for the soul that has lost the body to achieve the purpose of resurrection."

The monk said: "However, Ling Zhenren's finger strength was too strong. When he pinched it, the six Dao Gods were destroyed. In other words, these people are in the realm of Dao God. If it had been anyone else, there would have been no hope. ."

"Then what exactly is this place abandoned by gods?"

"You can understand it as the VIP mourning hall specially created by Dao Ancestor Wang back then."

"..."

"As long as they reach the state of Dao God, their souls can have a backup in the land abandoned by God."

"In other words, their original souls have actually been pinched by the master?"

"That's it."

The monk nodded.

This god-forsaken place. The monk remembered that he had visited it once in order to find out the truth about whether Dao Ancestor Wang was still alive.

But he wasn't killed by someone else.

Instead, he transcended himself.

As a result, after entering the land abandoned by the gods, he was somewhat disappointed.

There are no clues about Dao Ancestor Wang here.

And the most troublesome thing is the pillar spirit in this god-forsaken land.

If we evaluate it in the words of a monk.

This Zhu Ling is an iron fool with no need for emotion.

In other words, it is actually very difficult for these six Dao Gods to bargain with the Abandoned Pillar of Gods.

The monk had already received the teaching once before.

But his cultivation level is profound. Besides, he had to transcend himself that time.

So the deduction for cultivation is not much.

There are only 10 lives in total.

Therefore, the monk's combat power in his heyday was actually a total of 3920 lifetimes of cultivation.

What is the approximate concept of cultivation in the 10th life?

According to the current average state data of cultivators on earth.

The life of a cultivator...

The most talented people can reach the state of Itinerant Immortal or True Immortal in just one life.

However, such cultivators are in the minority. Calculated based on the global population, less than 1%

If we take the average value, a cultivator can achieve Soul Formation on average in one lifetime.

It’s almost on the level of Lord Diu Lei who doesn’t eat Heavenly Dao broccoli.

So the cultivation level of 10 lives. That is ten Lord Diu Lei who do not eat Heavenly Dao broccoli...

Of course, this is still the monk’s conservative estimate of the loss of cultivation.

After all, the monk himself is a rare talent.

His actual losses must be greater than they appear on paper.

Of course, the monk would not say these words to his face.

Mainly because I was afraid of hurting Lord Diu Lei's heart...

...

A place abandoned by gods. Following the poor and failed acting skills of the head of the Wu family, he was sentenced to a punishment of 100 lifetimes of cultivation.

But this is not the final judgment. Because he has not "paid" for his cultivation.

So there is still room for bargaining.

100 lifetimes of cultivation. The head of the Wu family simply cannot afford such a loss...

Even if it's half broken.

50 lives are easier to accept than 100 lives.

"My lords, please first...I will go to the side to confess for a while..." The head of the Wu family was helpless. He could only wave his sleeves and continue to shed tears on the side.

Then he knelt on the ground and burst into tears as if mourning.

Kneel down with great piety.

This time, he seemed really repentant. And really sad...

Any hypocrisy will not work in front of the pillar spirit of the Pillar of God’s Abandonment.

After seeing the failure of the head of the Wu family, the remaining families began to devise their own methods.

So. The head of the Li family stepped forward at this time.

He took the gentle route.

"Lord Zhu Ling. I sincerely repent and admit my mistake. I hope Lord Zhu Ling can be merciful and give less punishment... If I have a chance to come to this god-forsaken place next time, I can bring you some gifts to relieve my worries. The loneliness of being alone in China, a place abandoned by God..."

After saying that, the head of the Li family bowed to the Pillar of God’s Abandonment and then touched it with his hand.

Zhu Ling finally gave the punishment result: "You will be punished for 99 lifetimes of cultivation to return to the world..."

The Huairou route seems to work.

But this reduced sentence is a bit too little...

"This only reduces one life. It is better not to reduce..."

The head of the Li family complained while letting go of his hand with disappointment on his face.

Zhu Ling: "Then I will continue to punish you for 100 lifetimes of cultivation..."

The head of the Li family quickly covered his mouth. He wanted to cry but had no tears.

The head of the Zhao family has obsessive-compulsive disorder.

Before he touched the Pillar of God's Abandonment, he deliberately wiped the Pillar of God's Abandonment inside and out to show his sincerity.

"Lord Zhu Ling. Look...you haven't been touched in years. It's accumulated too much..."

When the head of the Zhao family said this, he realized that there might be some ambiguity in his words. He quickly added: "Master Zhu Ling, don't get me wrong. What I mean is the accumulation of dust... You have accumulated a lot of dust! I hope Master Zhu Ling will be merciful." If you come here again next time, I will definitely wipe you down..."

Zhu Ling: "I will punish you for 80 lifetimes of cultivation..."

This penalty made the head of the Zhao family breathe a sigh of relief.

With the experience of the head of the Li family, he did not dare to talk back. Moreover, he did not continue to bargain.

He just nodded quickly: "I'm willing to accept the punishment!"

Then, the Pillar of Divine Abandonment emitted a ray of light, hitting the head of the Zhao family.

Immediately afterwards, the spirit of the head of the Zhao family disappeared on the spot.

His soul was liberated. The Pillar of God's Abandonment helped the head of the Zhao family rebuild Dao God's physical body.

The remaining five Dao Gods were all confused.

They never expected that the head of the Zhao family would accept this "punishment of eighty generations of cultivation" so simply.

"This old Zhao... slipped away fast enough..."

"This is my 80th life! I will never leave without counter-offering for less than 50 lives!"

The voices of several family heads discussing could be heard in the God-Forsaken Land.

At this time, the head of the Wu family who was previously punished for 100 lives seemed to be inspired by the head of the Zhao family.

He also hurriedly ran over and knelt down to wipe the body of the god pillar.

As a result, God Spirit Column became furious and said: "It's you acting grandson again. I'm almost going to be bald by you...150 lives!"

"150 lives! Just arrange for me to be reincarnated!" The head of the Wu family couldn't bear it.

"Do you want to be reincarnated? No problem..."

The voice of the pillar spirit of the Pillar of Abandonment was calm.

The head of the Wu family knelt down again. He crazily kowtowed to the Spirit Column: "Master Zhu Ling! I was wrong! I was really wrong!"

...

At this time. Office of Strategic DeceptionTrue Venerated Immortal in the main hall.

Lord Diu Lei suddenly became curious: "Can God Spirit Column really help him reincarnate directly?"

"Okay." The monk nodded.

"If this were reincarnation, who could he be reincarnated into?" Everyone was curious.

"He just knelt three times. Maybe it will turn into...Wu San kneeling?" Zhuo Yi said in shock.

People around: "..."





Chapter 1300 A new problem arises


The head of the Zhao family gave up his "80 lifetimes of cultivation" and was liberated from the land abandoned by the gods.

The first thing he did was to personally prepare gifts and visit the Liu family to apologize.

He was originally an instigated person. He believed in the evil head of the Sheng family and made the unwise move of siege.

Now it is not easy to be able to put down my dignity and go to the city gate in person to apologize in front of all the Liu family children and people in Liucheng.

The head of the Liu family is not a petty person. Naturally, he sent Liu Chengru to come out and accept the apology.

After giving the gifts and apologizing, the head of the Zhao family stood at the gate of Liucheng and did not leave.

Liu Chengru probably guessed what the head of the Zhao family was thinking: "The head of the Zhao family, do you want to ask me about the senior on earth..."

Zhao Liegang suddenly raised his head and bowed: "Exactly! I don't know..."

"The leader of the Zhao family is Dao God. He should also be able to realize that the senior has specially set up a restriction to block tracking. So I am not very clear about the intelligence information about that senior."

Liu Chengru smiled and said: "But my master's eldest daughter Liu Qingyi is studying next to this senior. If you want to know more about it, you have to look at your own ability."

"Thanks for the advice."

The head of the Zhao family bowed again.

I have to say that the head of the Zhao family has a very clear idea.

This time, he really woke up and understood the truth that there is a heaven beyond the sky.

He had already thought it through when he was in the God's Abandoned Land. Instead of struggling with bargaining with the God's Abandoned Pillar.

It's better to come out early and make friends with the senior on Earth. That's the most important thing.

With that senior's magical power, if I could establish a relationship with him, wouldn't it be easy for him to succeed in the future?

In comparison, the cultivation of eighty lifetimes is really nothing.

Therefore, the head of the Zhao family, who had walked out of the land abandoned by the gods, also began to prepare a plan to send his own son to study on earth...

In addition, he is also thinking about how to make good friends with Wang Ling.

Although he has not been able to deduce Wang Ling's name and where Wang Ling lives so far, he can still deduce Liu Qingyi's whereabouts.

Finding Liu Qingyi first is the first step in the entire plan.

In the forbidden area of the Zhao family, Zhao Ganglie summoned his eldest son Zhao Qingxian.

Zhao Qingxian is a slightly chubby person. In fact, his strength is far inferior to Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi.

If I could describe it in one sentence, this is the legendary silly son of a landlord.

Send Zhao Qingxian out. In fact, the head of the Zhao family still has a lot of worries...but he thought that if he followed the senior on Earth, his unsatisfactory son's interests could also improve.

Before leaving, the head of the Zhao family gave many instructions.

"After you arrive on earth, you must first follow the low value given to you by your father. Find Liu Qingyi. Remember, you must be polite! Understand!"

"Liu Qingyi?"

Zhao Qingxian scratched his head: "Isn't this the eldest lady of the Liu family?"

After saying that, Zhao Qingxian stretched out his hand: "Give me the stuff."

"What?" the head of the Zhao family wondered.

"What a betrothal gift! The eldest lady of the Liu family. I have also been interested in her for a long time!" Zhao Qingxian said confidently.

"Who asked you to go down to the lower realms? I asked you to get clues about the senior on earth from Liu Qingyi. Then you can find a way to make friends with that senior! Did you hear that?"

"My father is Dao God. Why should I be friends with people on earth..." Zhao Qingxian was puzzled.

In fact, he didn't care at all about the previous battle involving the head of the Zhao family.

And Zhao Ganglie didn't intend to tell him.

I want to tell my own son. Your father was just pinched to death by that senior on earth...

He couldn't say this at all!

"Anyway, you must remember what your father told you! Be polite! Get close to Liu Qingyi. Then get in touch with the senior on Earth! As for how to deal with it, you can figure it out yourself."

"Where's the money? Even if we make good friends, we still have to spend money."

"After you go down to the next world.

As a father, I will prepare it for you. "Okay. Wait until I pack my things. Let's set off immediately."

Zhao Qingxian nodded. Then he bowed to Zhao Ganglie and said, "Then my son will leave first."

"eh...go away."

Zhao Ganglie snorted.

I don't know why he always feels a little worried...

Leave the family sanctuary.

Zhao Qingxian breathed a sigh of relief.

He actually had thoughts about Liu Qingyi for a long time.

This time I come to the earth in person. It is really an excellent opportunity!

...

On the other side. Inside the Office of Strategic Deception. Opinions no longer focus on matters in the God's Domain.

There are currently five Dao Gods trapped in the Abandoned Land.

Although everyone wants to know what will happen next, there are more important things to do right now.

Guo Ping was ordered to come here. As the ambassador for establishing diplomatic relations with extraterrestrials from the Heavenly Dao planet, they jointly discussed and formulated a plan to upgrade the earth.

In terms of time, everyone’s opinions are relatively consistent.

Because it needs to be implemented as soon as possible.

So we just decided on Tuesday, December 1st.

The problem is location.

This is a huge impact on the earth caused by the condensed power of chaos from all the planetary spirits in the galaxy.

Guo Ping gave it an easy-to-understand name - Chaos Tribulation Transcendence Cannon!

If it can withstand this bombardment, the earth will be upgraded successfully.

However, this obviously needs to be carried out in an inaccessible place, which is safer.

It is difficult for cultivators on earth to accept the oppression of the power of chaos. Even radiation may harm innocent people.

So the placement of the monk's "chaos egg" primer has become a problem.

"How about the Infinite Sea?" Lord Diu Lei asked.

"There are no people in this place. But there are a lot of marine life under the sea. The power of this radiation can reach the deep sea. Even if the Tribulation Transcendence is successful, there will probably be a horrific scene of thousands of corpses floating around." Guo Ping shook his head.

Then he turned his attention to the girl in the Buddha's Golden Lotus: "Miss Sun Rong. What do you think?"

The earth's upgrading. To put it bluntly, it all started because of Sun Rong.

Guo Ping really wanted to hear Miss Sun's opinion.

"Can I say it too?" Sun Rong was a little surprised.

From the very beginning, the girl came with a learning attitude. Everyone here was in a higher realm than her.

"Of course. Ling Zhenren specially planned this situation for this matter. Of course you can express your opinion." Guo Ping said.

Sun Rong heard this. Her face turned red and she turned into a steam girl.

"How about the Desert of Bones...?" Finally, Sun Rong expressed his thoughts.

She felt that this should be a very logical answer.

I just don’t know why no one in the audience said it...

As soon as he said this, everyone around him nodded.

"What a great idea! This desert of dead bones is deserted. The experiment of the sky-dropped positive E bomb was also conducted there." Guo Ping nodded, like a chicken pecking at rice.

"True Venerated Immortal.Lord Boundary King. Then book here!"

At this time, the monk stood up, looked at Lord Diulie and Miss Ajuan and said.

Everyone around him also stood up.

"It is indeed the place that Miss Sun Rong came up with! I second my opinion!"

"I second the proposal!"

"I also second the proposal!"

So, the choice of location was decided!

Passed unanimously!

"..."

But the girl always feels like she is being played...

At this time, the monk couldn't help but smile.

He thought that Guo Ping was a real human being.

In fact, everyone present is an advanced cultivator with a certain level of vision. How could they be so entangled in choosing a place?

So all of this is really just a show.

Everyone can see it. Wait until this incident ends.

The girl may also become one of the core members here.

And letting Sun Rong express their opinions is also a way to integrate the girl into the environment as soon as possible.

Even in the Foundation Building period.

Then there is nothing to feel inferior to.

behind you.

But there is another Ling Zhenren!
