Chapter 601 How Do You Become a Successful Demon?


Both Er Ha and Zhenyuan were blank when they listened to this somewhat casual telepathic communication from Demon Saint's virtual body.

Could it be that this guy wasn't a serious person?

Er Ha tried to keep calm; Demon Saint's lofty image in its heart had been totally ruined. It remembered how it had once idolized Second Generation Demon Saint as a kid in its clan and had collected all kinds of figurines of him.

No one had ever seen Demon Saint for real, which was why these figurines differed in appearance. They were all created by craftsmen in the demon world, and Er Ha remembered that some were limited edition collectibles carved by a well-known craftsman called Altria with the Sword of Promised Victory 1 !

1(A character from the Japanese visual novel "Fate Stay/Night.") Second Generation Demon Saint continued speaking telepathically through his virtual body. "I've already ordered my Sage Master to prepare a feast; the two of you can rest assured that this definitely isn't the Feast of Hongmen 2 . It's thanks to Senior Dog and Immortal Zhenyuan's help this time that the unrest in the four great inner territories was quelled, forcing the four demon gods to band together against a common enemy. In fact, I need to express my thanks."

2(Refers to a historical incident in which future Han emperor Liu Bang escaped attempted murder by his rival Xiangyu.) Zhenyuan laughed in his heart. "You could actually tell it was all an act?"

"If I can't see even that much, I should directly retire. There is a massive pension for a retired Demon Saint..."

Second Generation Dmon Saint said meaningfully, "Supposing that Immortal Zhenyuan was really going all out, we wouldn't be wrestling with the power of wills just now; if we had fought for real, the entire demon world would have been destroyed. In addition, Senior Dog never took any action from beginning to end, presumably because it was considering the overall situation."

"Mm, what you say is indeed correct."

Immortal Zhenyuan nodded his head. "If Senior Dog took action and threw out a grade twelve spell in passing, all of you would be dead."

Er Ha: "..."

"Hence this highlights how important it is to have this discussion. I hope both Senior Dog and Immortal will come. This isn't only a matter of life and death for the demon world, but is also of the utmost importance for the human cultivation world."

Second Generation Demon Saint laughed bitterly as he said telepathically, "Actually, Senior Dog and Immortal should already be able to sense it faintly - a major catastrophe is about to befall the human cultivation world... that Immortal spared no effort over a thousand years to find Drought Star is the best evidence of this."

Immortal Zhenyuan's expression turned stern when he heard this. "What do you know?"

Second Generation Demon Saint tossed him the bait. "I will explain the details as long as Senior Dog and Immortal come to the Holy Palace."

This was a twist in events; Er Ha never thought it would actually receive an invitation to Demon Saint's Holy Palace.

Previously, this was a place Er Ha didn't even dare think about since it would never have the chance to set foot in it. Perhaps going to take a look around wouldn't be bad?

Furthermore, Er Ha was very curious about how the position of Demon Saint was inherited. It might be able to obtain some clues through this interaction this time.

After a moment of silence, it nodded its head. "I can go take a look."

Zhenyuan: "Since Senior Dog has already decided, I will of course accompany you!"

Second Generation Demon Saint exulted. "Then I wait upon your arrival. But there is one point I need to explain; given the Holy Pillar's restriction, I am unable to welcome you in person. Senior Dog and Immortal will have to wait at the bottom of the Holy Pillar; when the time comes, I'll have my Holy Palace's Sage Master receive and lead you."

Zhen Yuan was taken aback. "Don't you have an immortal lift? Are your standards so low?"

"We just have stairs... Furthermore, the last person who climbed the stairs to the top took three hundred years to do so. It was too tragic - halfway there, he ran out of supplies and he climbed on with a weary spirit and in sheer exhaustion, almost dying in the process!" When Demon Saint said this, it seemed to Zhenyuan that there was the sound of tears in his voice.

Zhenyuan: "Demon Saint, why do you know this so well?"

Second Generation Demon Saint: "Because... I was that person..."

"..."

After he said that, the air turned tranquil once more and Demon Saint withdrew the virtual body and the power to drain things.

All the demons present were stunned.

The confrontation had actually ended just like that.

And it seemed to be a draw?

"Let's go."

Er Ha was silent for a moment before it spoke to Zhenyuan.

"Yes, senior!" Zhenyuan nodded his head in agreement, and immediately recalled his apparition, the dazzling golden light dissipating along with it.

Following that, Immortal Zhenyuan snapped his fingers and the heroic spirit throne transformed anew; after receiving new orders, the heroic spirits started to rearrange themselves to actually create a long flight of stairs at the top that stretched down to the bottom.

Zhenyuan smiled slightly, revealing his canines. "Senior Dog, this way!"

Er Ha: "..."

...

Second Generation Demon Saint heaved a deep sigh up on the Holy Pillar.

Sage Master watched him closely. "I never thought human cultivators would be willing to cooperate with our demon world given how deep the misunderstanding between both worlds have been over the years."

Second Generation Demon Saint nodded. "I thought we had already reached a dead end in this matter, but after that fight just now, I realize that Immortal Zhenyuan is very powerful. Along with that Senior Dog and its unfathomable realm as well as its mysterious owner, we might be able to break out of this dead end if we join hands.

"The demon world and the earth are different, but the demon planet is in the Milky Way. I thought at first that by relying on the Gate Between Worlds as a link between the two, they could journey toward developing peace together, but I never expected the situation to come to the point it has today..."

Yet even though that was the case, Demon Saint today had witnessed how Er Ha and Immortal Zhenyuan had taken action to help mediate between the four territories. Looking at this point, he didn't think the relationship between the human world and the demon world had reached the point of irreparable damage yet.

So long as they were willing to work together, they could definitely overcome this crisis.

Demon Saint continued, "The monster that fell through the rift in space previously might have just been a corpse, but if it had still been alive, I definitely wouldn't have been able to handle it on my own. If our two worlds join together, there is still a possibility!"

Sage Master heaved a sigh. "It seems you already have a plan... I have nothing else to say, then. But I didn't think you still had the mood to concern yourself with matters of heaven and earth."

"I can hardly wait for Third Generation Demon Saint to hurry up and appear, but while I'm in office, I should at least do something worthy enough of being written down in the history of the demon world! How does the saying go... How do you become a successful demon?"

Second Generation Demon Saint thought for a moment before saying, "Fall without becoming a box for five years 3 , patrol the mountains like Little Drilling Wind for ten years 4 , reach the peak of a demon's life in a hundred years; not a demon god, but a demon king is fine. Live quietly for a thousand years without scaling the walls of conflict, leave behind merits and a good name... It is he who can live to the end of his days, his portrait still on the wall after ten thousand days, with ten thousand demons queuing to burn him incense!"

3(Ala PUBG)

4(A low-level patrol demon in "Journey to the West..") "Good poem, good poem..."

Sage Master was startled. "I didn't know you had this gift..."

"If i hadn't become Demon Saint back then, I would've been an allegro singer!" Second Generation Demon Saint sighed. "If it wasn't because my luck was good, I might not even be able to be Little Drilling Wind now... So while I'm in office at least, I want to create big news before I retire."

"..."





Chapter 602 Er Ha's Excitemen


The Holy Pillar was in the center of the four territories. The demon gods of the four territories were startled when Er Ha specifically asked Elder Wen to lead the way. Actually, they had the vague sense that this Senior Dog and Elder Wen didn't have an ordinary connection; it was just that no one dared bring it up.

"Why do I feel that all of you are unwilling?" Arms folded, Zhenyuan gazed at them.

"No... it's just that..."

The instant that gaze rested on them, the four demon gods felt chills run down their spines; this was a human cultivator that could go toe to toe with Demon Saint, who could deliberately wipe them out without any effort at all. Moreover, Demon Saint had magnanimously invited them to the Holy Palace at the top of the Holy Pillar; this wasn't treatment just any human cultivator could enjoy.

It should be known that even they had never been to the Holy Palace at the top of the Holy Pillar. Back when Second Generation Demon Saint had been appointed a demon god, it had happened at the foot of the Holy Pillar and no one had gone up. In past generations of demon gods, only the first generation leader of the Tuntian Ha clan, Clan Leader Jiang, had ever climbed to the top of the Holy Pillar and seen the Holy Palace with his own eyes.

So when Er Ha personally picked Elder Wen to show the way, the demon gods of the four territories pondered whether this had something to do Elder Wen's Tuntian Ha clan.

After all, compared with Immortal Zhenyuan's strength, this Senior Dog's strength was even more unfathomable. Given how mysterious it was, every move it made and every word it said probably had its own meaning.

For these four demon gods who had been constantly trying to figure out Demon Saint's will over the years, it could be said that they were especially sensitive to every decision and every word from this type of "Great Senior."

Ghost Emperor of the South smiled. "It's like this, Senior Dog, Senior Zhenyuan. Usually, only the demon gods of the four territories are qualified to approach the bottom of the Holy Pillar. Anyone under the level of a demon god, whether a territory envoy or a demon king, won't be able to draw near, unless it's a joint envoy for the four territories."

"Then the four of you just need to appoint one, right?"

Zhenyuan: "Also, can you not smile when you speak - when you smile with that devil face of yours, it looks like you're crying."

Ghost Emperor: "..."

Elder Wen looked overwhelmed when he heard Immortal Zhenyuan's words. "This... the joint envoy for the four territories can only be elected by the demon citizens of the four territories through an online public vote; they've never been appointed by the demon gods before."

The demon gods of the four territories nodded their heads like chicken pecking at rice.

"It is when I say it is."

At that moment, Er Ha spoke up. "If anyone has any complaints, come out and fight me!"

All the demons took an involuntary step back.

The four demon gods said in unison, "Henceforth, we officially declare that Elder Wen of the Tuntian Ha clan will serve as the Secretary-General of the peace consulate of the four territories."

Elder Wen: "..."

All the demons: "..."

...

As they watched Elder Wen lead "Senior Dog" and Immortal Zhenyuan in the direction of the Holy Pillar, the demon gods of the four territories felt like breathing sighs of relief.

They had more or less been contemptuous of human cultivators before, but Zhenyuan had taught them a lesson this time; when a genuine and supremely powerful human cultivator stood in front of them, it felt like they had to even consider every breath they took.

The most critical point was that this was the demon world — in a situation where there wasn't any spirit qi around at all, he was still so powerful.

If they had been in an environment more suited for showcasing his prowess, it would definitely be even more terrifying!

The four demon gods spoke to each other telepathically.

"Don't know why Demon Saint extended an invitation to this Senior Dog and Immortal Zhenyuan..."

"Demon Saint actually prepared a feast. It probably isn't a simple reason. But it would be for the best if such a strong human cultivator and this mysterious Senior Dog were to become friends with the demon world! It would be too scary if they become our enemies!" said Ghost Emperor.

"By the way, was it really alright for us to directly give Elder Wen this appointment..." asked Turtle Devil.

"Your objections are useless. This might have never happened before, but that doesn't mean that it can't happen. Also, Elder Wen is worthy of this honor." At this time, Scorpion King spoke slowly through telepathy. "If Elder Wen hadn't persuaded me this time, I wouldn't have come at all. Actually, I suspect that before Elder Wen and I arrived, this Senior Dog had been intentionally stalling for time."

"Is Scorpion King saying that this Senior Dog already planned everything earlier on in order to renew the friendship between the four territories?"

"It's possible..."

They recalled what had happened earlier with slivers of fears.

This was an expert's way of doing things — to control everything in the palm of the hand.

As expected of Senior Dog!

Previously, the four demon gods had actually wondered whether "Senior Dog" really was that amazing; it now appeared that they had no right to doubt it.

"Erm, Lord Demon Gods, may I interrupt a little..." At that moment, Ghost Emperor's territory envoy Daoist Witch Demon suddenly spoke.

Ghost Emperor: "What is it?"

"Based on the information from the other envoys that we've compiled, the official mailboxes for the four territories have just received a lot of letters of complaints from various territory Flower clans and Tree clans; currently there are already a hundred thousand of them."

"Letters of complaint?"

"Yes." Daoist Witch Demon nodded his head. "When Lord Demon Saint and Immortal Zhenyuan were arm wrestling just now, there was a lot of back and forth between the power to drain things and the power to revive them, and the plant-type demon clans suffered unduly for it."

The four demon gods: "..."

"Clan Leader Lu Chi of the Forest Fairies said that when he had felt himself wither, he thought that his end was near, and he had lain down inside the coffin which he had prepared beforehand. In the end, who knew that the power to revive would fall and engage in a tug-of-war with the power to drain things..."

"And then...?"

"Then the whole clan watched Clan Leader Lu Chi do sit-ups in his coffin."

"..."

"In addition to this, Lord Venerated Ox needs to handle the matter of Fellow Horse Face. He broke the rule of the peace consulate and was turned into demon sand by Demon Saint's restriction punishment."

"Horse Face's death was too wretched..."

Venerated Ox felt a sting in his nose. "Where is his demon sand?"

"It's still in the peace consulate, but I've already sent a little ghost over to take a look."

Daoist Witch Demon said, "There's a possibility that Fellow Horse Face's ashes might have scattered due to how fierce the clash was between Lord Demon Saint's and Immortal Zhenyuan's auras..."

Venerated Ox's expression was extremely pained. "My mazi 1 ! Actually gone, just like that..."

1(Means 'horse' but is also slang for 'girl..') The other demon gods: "..."

...

Elsewhere, with Elder Wen leading the way, two men and a dog turned into three streams of light which swiftly approached the Holy Pillar.

From a long distance away, Er Ha saw a towering ancient bronze pillar, which resembled the Sea-Stabilizing Needle, appear on the horizon.

"So this is the Holy Pillar?"

For some reason, Er Ha suddenly felt excited at the sight of this pillar.

Ah!

It really wanted to...

Piss on the Holy Pillar...

Wait! Why had it thought such a strange thing?





Chapter 603 The Secret of the Holy Pillar


Er Ha's heart was in turmoil, but it restrained its desire with supreme effort. The main thing was that Immortal Zhenyuan and Elder Wen were both here. How could it do such a thing?!

Er Ha felt that there definitely was something wrong with its body.

Otherwise this would never happen!

While this was a typical characteristic of a dog...

Er Ha had never been in the habit of pissing on a lamp post whenever it saw one.

For one thing, it felt that this action wasn't very tasteful.

For another, it felt that lifting its hind leg was a shameful pose.

So in its daily life, Er Ha would basically squat on the toilet bowl.

Was it because it had been a dog for too long, so it was starting to assimilate?

- No way! How could it be this type of dog without any integrity?!

Something was definitely wrong, it just hadn't noticed yet. On the way to the Holy Pillar, Er Ha was distracted by its thoughts as it pondered the reason why it couldn't control its urge.

In the end, it couldn't think of a reason for it; instead, it realized a secret, and that was if it didn't look at the Holy Pillar, this urge actually disappeared.

Very good, Er Ha was now one hundred percent certain that there was something wrong with its body!

If it wasn't its body, then it was its brain...

"We're about to arrive soon," Elder Wen announced within the three moving lights.

They were almost at the foot of the Holy Pillar, and they could sense the boundless demon energy which the pillar emitted. The towering ancient bronze pillar felt awash in mystery.

After drawing near, Zhenyuan could see fine and complex patterns on the ancient pillar.

At that moment, he had the faint sense that these patterns weren't simple, and seemed to be hiding some sort of energy source that was less like demon energy and more like the primordial qi that was generated only at the Venerated Immortal level, yet it was still different.

"Where did these patterns come from?" asked Zhenyuan.

Elder Wen answered deferentially, "Replying to Senior Immortal Zhenyuan, even the Lord Demon Gods have limited information on the Holy Pillar; what this humble one knows is only based on information I've heard and gathered, and it might not be accurate."

Zhenyuan waved his hand. "It's fine, it's fine, I'm just asking in passing, let's hear it."

Elder Wen nodded his head and they slowed down in tacit agreement so that Elder Wen could tell them everything he knew.

"As everyone knows, the Holy Pillar is the backbone of the demon world. The reason it's addressed as such is because all the one hundred and eight demon territories in the demon world today were created through the power of the Holy Pillar - it was the Holy Pillar that made it all happen and which nurtures the demon world."

"Then does it have something to do with the way Demon Saint is selected?"

"I'm not certain on this point..." Elder Wen wiped his sweat; this was in fact a taboo question. Even if he really did know, he wouldn't speak of it. Besides, only Demon Saint himself knew what the selection process was like.

Seeing Elder Wen's twisted expression, Zhenyuan immediately understood and didn't ask any more questions. Although Elder Wen was already an exception in the way he had been promoted as the joint Secretary-General of peace of the four territories, this was indeed a more confidential question which even the demon gods might not necessarily know the answer to. What was more, it wasn't a simple question since it involved secrets of the demon world.

It was like asking for the password to a person's safe - who would tell you something like that?

Seeing that Zhenyuan had abandoned this line of questioning, Elder Wen breathed a deep sigh of relief. When he was about to praise this senior human cultivator in his heart for his benevolent understanding of demon affairs... in the end, he almost vomited blood at the next question.

Zhenyuan had a harmless expression on his face as he smiled. "The Holy Pillar... does it have its own consciousness?"

Elder Wen: "..."

Zhenyuan: "It's fine, I was just asking casually, you can answer casually too, the Holy Pillar won't mind. If it really becomes a problem, Senior Dog can tear the Holy Pillar down in a matter of minutes with its strength."

Elder Wen: "..."

Er Ha: "..." With its strength, it could only piss on the Holy Pillar in a matter of minutes...

"It's fine if you don't want to say, I understand, since we're outsiders after all..." When Zhenyuan said this, there were already faint tears in his eyes. "It turns out that the demon world rejects outsiders, I'm truly hurt..."

Elder Wen: "Senior, don't be like this. I'll tell you everything I know."

Zhenyuan swiftly switched to a grin, revealing his canines. "Thanks!"

Elder Wen: "..."

Er Ha: "..." This guy was already addicted to acting...

Elder Wen heaved a sigh, then said, "The Holy Pillar probably has its own consciousness. Although I didn't see it for myself, I'm sure that the last time its consciousness was awakened was when Second Generation Demon Saint had been about to succeed the position."

"What was it like?"

"Actually, this is something we inferred after it was over, because when the will of the Holy Pillar was revived, all the demon beasts in the demon world heard a very faint voice..."

"A faint voice?"

"Mm, when this humble one heard it, it sounded exceptionally unreal, and we assumed that only Demon Saint could hear it. Later, not long after the voice disappeared, Sage Master directly proclaimed that a new Demon Saint had succeeded the position, and that is the current Lord Second Generation Demon Saint."

"So it's like that..."

Immortal Zhenyuan's interest was instantly aroused.

Not only did this Holy Pillar have its own consciousness, it actually had a voice as well. Furthermore, it could extend its power throughout the entire demon world and become the core which nurtured it.

It was obvious that this Holy Pillar wasn't an ordinary object. Previously, Immortal Zhenyuan had speculated whether it was a world-defying magic weapon, but combined now with what Elder Wen had said, he thought he could come up with an even grander conjecture.

Perhaps it was a divine weapon which surpassed a world-defying magic weapon.

In terms of power, world-defying magic weapons and divine weapons were on the same level, but there was an essential difference between them! World-defying magic weapons could be created while divine weapons could not.

Therein lay the difference.

While something that was man-made might theoretically have the same level of power, the fact of the matter was that it was nowhere near as flexible as a divine weapon. In addition, a world-defying magic weapon didn't have its own will and relied purely on being controlled by its owner - if it did have its own will, then it would be no different to a divine weapon.

Also, if the Gate Between Worlds had had its own will to begin with, then Zhenyuan's inner demon Wind Spirit wouldn't have been able to recklessly operate it.

Thus, Zhenyuan was highly interested in the Holy Pillar.

"Senior Dog, do you have any ideas?"

He was about to ask Er Ha for its opinion, but in the end, when he turned his head, he saw Er Ha actually facing backward as it flew.

Zhenyuan: "Senior Dog, this is...???"

Er Ha: "Flying backward is good for your lower back..."





Chapter 604 Demon Saint's Gift


If this was a normal situation, Zhenyuan would definitely already have doubts.

But the thing was that this was Senior Dog!

As a dog which had rid itself of vulgar tastes, there had to be a reason for whatever it did. So there had to be a reason for why it was facing backward as it flew. Wasn't there a case where a cultivator sat on a donkey... in the end, he really did cultivate into becoming an immortal.

The three streams of lights swiftly reached the foot of the Holy Pillar.

Shrouded in cloud and mist, the Holy Pillar soared high above them and out of their line of sight. When they had still been very far from it earlier, they had felt its power mixed into the demon energy; it was even more obvious now that they were closer to it.

Although they had already roughly guessed what the Holy Pillar was, it was in the end just speculation.

There were many times when something couldn't be proven without evidence.

Even Zhenyuan didn't dare be so confident.

Senior Dog was here!

If he was wrong, it would be such a huge embarrassment!

Zhenyuan stared at Er Ha with an enigmatic expression in his eyes; all this time, he had been trying to guess what it was trying to convey.

For a senior with a realm like Senior Dog's, it surely had its own reason for every one of its actions; perhaps there was some meaning of Dao hidden inside it?

Zhenyuan cupped his chin and pondered with a furrowed brow.

Was the real reason Senior Dog was flying backward to give Zhenyuan some hint? Something to do with the Holy Pillar? What did Senior Dog know?!

However, Zhenyuan knew it wasn't proper for him to just ask like that. In many instances, he needed to understand and experience things for himself, so he held back on this matter.

One man and one dog, along with Elder Wen, waiting for a while at the bottom of the Holy Pillar. Boundless demon energy poured forth from the top of the pillar.

Er Ha looked up and saw an immortal-like old man in a white Daoist robe and with his hands behind his back float down in the air in front of them.

The old man had white hair and a ruddy countenance. He had a pair of antlers on the top of his head, but they were different in color: one was gold while the other was silver.

Elder Wen had never seen him before, but from the old man's aura alone, he could guess this person's identity - he had to be the legendary Sage Master who was in charge of Demon Saint's Holy Palace and had assisted generations of Demon Saints, and who had powerful abilities of perception.

According to hearsay, Sage Master's overall combat abilities weren't very strong, but his abilities of perception were world-defying. Furthermore, he had lived a very long time; the title of Demon Saint had already been passed on to the second generation, but from beginning to end, there had only ever been one Sage Master.

"My respects to Sage Master."

Elder Wen bowed reverently with his hands in front of him. When he was about to kneel, Sage Master strode forward to help him up as he stroked his beard. "The joint Secretary-General of the four major inner territories can be excused from this courtesy. Elder Wen doesn't have to be so polite."

Elder Wen was overwhelmed by this favor. Although he was assuming this post for the first time, he nevertheless understood the demands and regulations related to the role.

"Is there such a rule?" Elder Wen was astonished. "I'm not a learned person. Lord Sage Master, please don't trick me..."

Sage Master couldn't help laughing. "It's true. It was while you were on your way here; Demon Saint and I established this rule just now, and we'll announce it to the demon world in the next few days."

Elder Wen: "..." There was this kind of operation...

Er Ha and Zhenyuan were also taken aback; directly drawing up a new rule just like that...

Of course, that wasn't the most important thing.

The most important thing was the significance of this new rule.

All the demons in the demon world had to fall prostrate and kowtow before Demon Saint and Sage Master. However, Elder Wen had been given a privilege through this rule. In some sense, it was saying that with his current status, Elder Wen was practically on an equal footing with the demon gods of the four major inner territories.

He could naturally understand the profound significance of this, which was why he felt even more panic-stricken.

"By the way, there is also this, it's a gift from Demon Saint." Sage Master swung his arm out suddenly and a ray of light flew out of his sleeve and landed in Elder Wen's hand.

It looked like a medallion made of jade. When he clearly read the characters on the medallion, Elder Wen's eyes widened like two copper bells. "This is..."

Demon Saint's Decree!

Er Ha recognized it at first glance!

This was treatment that usually only the four demon gods had access to. However, they only had one medallion between the four of them, and it was stored in the central bank of the demon world. This medallion was essential if any one of them wanted an audience with Demon Saint and Sage Master at the bottom of the Holy Pillar. Furthermore, this medallion also contained part of the Holy Pillar's power, and it could safeguard the person holding it from the pillar's tremendous oppression.

Elder Wen had a weaker realm to begin with, and when they had been approaching the Holy Pillar earlier, he had felt a heavy pressure that had made it hard for him to even breathe.

Now, holding the medallion in his hand, he instantly felt his body suddenly released from that pressure, leaving him feeling fresh and cool.

"This... Lord Sage Master, this gift is too generous..." Elder Wen was already incoherent; the significance of this medallion was too heavy!

If the new addition to the laws of the demon world just now had merely been a hint, then this medallion now was a clear declaration.

Elder Wen was feeling very apprehensive, but Er Ha exulted and praised this Second Generation Demon Saint in its heart for being a fair demon.

With this medallion, Elder Wen's status in the demon world would soar, which meant that the position of the Tuntian Ha clan as a whole would also rise.

From now on, if there was still anyone who wanted to make a move against the Tuntian Ha clan, they needed to consider the weight of Elder Wen's position as the Secretary-General.

Elder Wen gripped the medallion with trembling hands; this was what it meant to be a demon becoming an immortal by riding on someone else's success.

Er Ha was happy from the bottom of its heart.

Now, it could truly bid farewell to its past. With this Demon Saint's Decree in hand, along with Elder Wen's wisdom and resourcefulness, as well as his grandson Wen Yu's excellent talent for management, they would no doubt be able to lead the Toad clan to new heights.

"You deserve it, just accept it." Sage Master's tone left no room for refusal, and Elder Wen could only obey.

Just a few short hours ago, the Tuntian Ha clan had still been suffering from bitter slander and the entire clan had been forced to move... Now, they had actually received Demon Saint's favor. Everything simply felt like a dream to Elder Wen.

Of course, Elder Wen wasn't dumb; he could tell that everything was connected to this green-furred Senior Dog...

There were too many suspicious points.

Since Senior Dog's appearance, this initially deeply worrying situation had promptly turned around... Had this Senior Dog already anticipated this?

That shouldn't be the case. They'd never met before.

Or could it be...

This Senior Dog was...

At that moment, Elder Wen suddenly recalled that Senior Dog had previously used the Toad clan's exclusive and hereditary Swallowing Spell, and he suddenly had a bold notion...

"Lord Sage Master, would it be possible to open a space for me and Senior Dog? I have something I would like to say to Senior Dog in private," Elder Wen entreated.





Chapter 605 Elder Wen's Speculation


Sage Master nodded his head. "Of course, but only if Senior Dog agrees." This request didn't surprise him at all. Why had they enacted a new law, and why had they given Elder Wen a gift that was in fact against the rules?

Most of it in fact had to do with this "Senior Dog."

Although this "Senior Dog" hadn't explicitly revealed its identity to Elder Wen, both Demon Saint and Sage Master felt that today's plan to mediate between the demon gods of the four territories had been a show which this "Senior Dog" and Elder Wen had put on after discussing it beforehand. Hence, everything Elder Wen had obtained was essentially thanks to Er Ha.

Er Ha had anticipated earlier on that Elder Wen would look for it, but it was still startled when it heard Elder Wen himself make the request.

After a moment of silence, Er Ha said heavily, "Let's chat for now. Please cast a Sound-Proofing Spell, mine is a little too powerful, and it won't be good if I'm unable to hold back my aura and destroy your Holy Pillar."

When Zhenyuan heard this, his face was instantly filled with reverence. As expected of Senior Dog - even its supporting function-type spell could exhibit such power!

Seeing Er Ha walk over to Elder Wen's side, Sage Master immediately understood and cast the Sound-Proofing Spell.

Both Zhenyuan and Sage Master in fact wanted to listen in on the conversation but didn't dare to for fear of being noticed and then finished off by "Senior Dog"...

But when Sage Master cast the spell, Zhenyuan inadvertently noticed something very interesting, and he looked curiously at Sage Master. "Do you have two energy sources in your body?"

"As expected of Senior Immortal Zhenyuan."

Sage Master smiled and didn't deny it. Considering the talks that would be happening later in Demon Saint's Holy Palace, he thought it would be better to be a little more candid.

He bowed to Zhenyuan with his hands in front of him. "I have both a spirit energy source and a demon energy source."

"As I thought, you have two cores!" Zhenyuan was curious. "Are you a half-breed?"

Sage Master: "I was born with them."

Zhenyuan was a little amazed. "And you could still become Sage Master like this?"

"... It was the Holy Pillar that chose me back then."

Sage Master: "But I don't usually use spirit energy, since there are too many restrictions on its use in the demon world. However, I can in fact use demon spells as well as the magic of cultivators."

When Zhenyuan heard this, he was actually a little envious even though he too currently had two cores — one was a source of spirit energy and the other was the source of primordial qi which only Venerated Immortals had. But this was still no match for a person who had been born with two cores!

Just think, if Sage Master cultivated into a Venerated Immortal one day and obtained three cores, wouldn't he run even faster than a CPU?

...

On the other side, shielded by Demon Master's Sound-Proofing Spell, Er Ha and Elder Wen faced each other. They were quiet for a long while, neither of them uttering a word.

Er Ha sighed in its heart; although it had anticipated earlier on that something like this would happen, it still felt a little awkward now that the moment had truly arrived.

It felt that Elder Wen had already most likely guessed its identity, but Er Ha just didn't know what to say. After all, it was very difficult to try to clearly and succinctly explain how it had switched species.

Er Ha's feelings were extremely complicated as it wondered whether it should break this deathly quiet.

Just as it was about to open its mouth and call Elder Wen by his original name, Elder Wen was quicker as he spoke first.

He bowed to Er Ha with his hands clasped in front of him, and his tone clearly indicated the endless twists and turns he had experienced in his thoughts. "Senior Dog, did you know that not so long ago, our Tuntian Ha clan used to stand at the top of the demon world? Back then, First Generation led our clan toward establishing a territory, and that Sprout Village has always been our ancestral land."

Er Ha was silent; it could roughly guess why Elder Wen was saying all this. He was trying to reel Er Ha in with memories of the past as well as to reflect on the spirits of their forefathers.

But Er Ha was actually well aware that in truth, Elder Wen was still blaming it. All these years, it had thought of its homeland countless times, and just as many times recently, it had been hindered from returning by this feeble body.

Er Ha finally could only acknowledge this reality.

It wasn't that it hadn't wanted to return all these years, but that it had no way of doing so.

Er Ha's return this time, furthermore, had been influenced by the prophetic dream which it had received, and it had gone against Little Master Ling for the first time by making the most brazen decision, more brazen than any decision it had ever made.

Keeping Little Master Ling in the dark... if its little master got angry, the consequences might be even more severe than if its little master couldn't eat crispy noodle snacks...

Hence, Er Ha had initially already planned everything out.

Once this matter came to a satisfactory conclusion, it would humbly apologize - as long as it brought some crispy noodle snacks with it and hugged Little Master Ling's thigh properly, acted cute and gave him some licks... its little master should forgive him...

"Our Tuntian Ha clan has weathered so many hardships and trials... We used to stand at the very top, but we have also dropped to the very bottom. But through all this, I have always firmly believed that there would come a day when a new king will once again lead us on the path to prosperity."

Elder Wen: "I waited for many years... until one day, Tenth Generation appeared."

When it heard this, Er Ha was already holding its breath and it lowered its eyes.

Elder Wen: "I used to think that Tenth Generation wasn't the most gifted clan leader, but it was the most hardworking one. Not so long ago, it fully committed itself to developing our hometown, and strove to achieve its goals one by one.

"Tenth Generation wasn't the strongest clan leader I'd seen. It inherited the position when it was young. Furthermore, its body had been weak and prone to illness since it was small. I was the one who showed it how to improve its physique step by step."

Elder Wen recalled many things. "But even then, it had always had a strong heart and an incomparably solid faith."

Speaking up to this point, Elder Wen sighed gloomily. "Perhaps Tenth Generation's biggest shortcoming was how naive it was. In the great war between the human world and the demon world back then, Tenth Generation stood too close to the front and was pushed out from behind by the other demon kings to charge and break through enemy lines... then, it never returned.

"After so many years, I'm already used to days without a king. After Tenth Generation's departure, I wasn't in a hurry to set up a new king... because I have believed all along, that Tenth Generation is still alive."

Er Ha was already a little teary as it did its best to hold the tears back. "Elder Wen... what do you want to know?"

At that moment, Elder Wen's expression was suddenly serious as he slowly turned around and fixed his gaze on Er Ha. " Wang 1 ..."

1(Means 'king.') At this "wang," all sorts of feelings welled up in Er Ha's heart.

But before it could respond, Elder Wen continued, " Wang ba dan 2 !"

2(The pinyin for 'bastard..') Er Ha: "???"

Elder Wen: "Senior Dog, don't misunderstand, I'm not cursing you. I'm cursing Tenth Generation that bastard..."

Er Ha: "???"

Elder Wen: "I saw you use our clan's exclusive Swallowing Spell, so I surmise that you must have met our Tenth Generation. Also, I can sense Tenth Generation's shadow on senior, so presumably Senior Dog is very familiar with Tenth Generation..."

Er Ha hadn't expected this line of thinking from Elder Wen at all!

With a very solemn expression on his face, Elder Wen gazed grimly at Er Ha. "If it's possible, can Senior Dog tell me where on earth Tenth Generation that bastard is fooling around..."





Chapter 606 Why Did You Come Here?


Er Ha never thought that Elder Wen would make up his own scenario like this... For a moment, it didn't know how to reply.

In the current situation, it would definitely be impossible for Er Ha to acknowledge him as someone he knew... That would only add to Elder Wen's embarrassment. So, since that was the case, it would be better for Elder Wen to continue misunderstanding...

After thinking for a bit, Er Ha made up a plausible excuse. It stared at Elder Wen and pretended to mutter, "It's my disciple..."

This reason shocked Elder Wen as his face drained of color. Seeing that Elder Wen had been fooled, Er Ha went on to make up a cock and bull story. "Your king certainly isn't dead. It's the bravest and most handsome disciple I've ever had..."

Elder Wen gaped with his mouth wide open; he hadn't expected "Senior Dog" to speak so highly of Tenth Generation.

"However, its body was indeed destroyed, and is currently being rebuilt. Previously, it sensed in a prophetic dream that the Tuntian Ha clan would suffer a calamity; several times, it tried to run away from me to come back here..."

Elder Wen was extremely heartbroken and his eyes were red... It turned out that he had misunderstood Tenth Generation!

"This old servant is wrong; I actually said such wicked things about Tenth Generation..." Elder Wen lowered his head and sighed. He looked at Er Ha. "Senior Dog, may I ask..."

"I came of my own accord, and didn't tell him I would be coming," Er Ha said.

"Senior Dog, then why did you come here... there should be no reason for you to make a move personally for us..."

"Indeed, I didn't make a move." The Sound-Proofing Spell was transparent, and Er Ha turned his eyes to Zhenyuan, who stood waiting on the outside.

Elder Wen: "..."

"As for why I came... Let me give you a poem."

Er Ha said, "When I have nothing to do, when I am bored, when I want to, I go to a place, a different place, and I came here, to take a look, a different place, a lot, a lot 1 ..."

1(This is taken from an interview with the friend of a contestant on "The Voice of China" who had been asked why he had gone to the show. Someone online turned it into a poem that went viral ..) Elder Wen: "..."

...

At the end of their conversation, Er Ha left the Sound-Proofing Spell's barrier. Although it ultimately didn't reveal that it knew Elder Wen, Er Ha thought that maybe this was actually also a good ending.

"Senior Dog is done talking?" The horned Sage Master looked at Er Ha and gave a bow.

Looking at Elder Wen, who had sat down not far away to ponder the meaning of the poem, he raised one eyebrow meaningfully.

"Then shall we leave now?" Sage Master asked.

"Mm." Er Ha nodded.

Zhenyuan: "How will we get there?"

Sage Master smiled. "If the average person wants to see Demon Saint, they have to climb the holy stairs inside the Holy Pillar. There is a second way, of course, which is what I used to personally come down and pick you up."

"Demon Saint can't do so?" Zhenyuan asked.

"Once you have been chosen as Demon Saint, you're not allowed to leave the top of the Holy Pillar without permission, and can only move around Demon Saint's Holy Palace."

So pitiful...

Zhenyuan and Er Ha both sweated. Now Er Ha finally knew the reason why so few of the many demon gods and demon kings in the demon world had seen Demon Saint's true face; it turned out that Demon Saint just couldn't come down... Now that it knew the truth, Er Ha instantly pitied Demon Saint a little.

If those demon gods of the demon world found out that to take up the post of Demon Saint was to lose your freedom, who knew, they might give up looking for a way to be promoted to Demon Saint...

Sometimes, nothing was more important than freedom. To possess formidable strength but lose your freedom - anyone confronted with this type of choice would think twice.

No matter how good-looking you were, if you were the only person in the entire world, what damn use was it?!

"That's right, what's your name?" Zhenyuan looked at the horned Sage Master.

"I am Shen Wuyue. Seniors, you can also call me Little Shen," Sage Master said. "Then let's head out now. We'll have to use a magic artifact in order to be directly transported to the top of the Holy Pillar. However, only I can use this magic artifact."

Er Ha and Zhenyuan initially planned to ask what the magic artifact Sage Master would be using was. In the end, before they could say anything, they saw Sage Master pull his antlers off his head.

Er Ha: "..."

Zhenyuan: "Are they fake?"

Shen Wuyue, with gold antlers in one hand and silver antlers in the other, shook his head and smiled. "No, they're real."

Then, Er Ha and Zhenyuan heard the sound of a crisp "piu," and fresh blood shot out like a fountain from where the antlers had been plucked out.

Er Ha and Zhenyuan: "..."

This was a little too much blood...

It reminded Er Ha of a movie called "Kill Bill."

Then Shen Wuyue merged the golden antlers and the silver antlers together. The moment they fused, a radiant light was released and a magic transportation ring formed in front of Shen Wuyue.

He threw the antlers to one side and made a welcoming gesture to the magic ring. "Please step inside, seniors."

Looking at the antlers that had been cast aside, Zhenyuan was startled. "You don't want your antlers anymore?"

"Transference to the top of the Holy Pillar demands quite a lot of magic power, so I usually store my demon energy in my antlers in advance. Usually, it can only support one transmission spell." Shen Wuyue smiled as blood poured out of his head. "But it's fine; in any case, my antlers will grow back the next day."

Er Ha and Zhenyuan: "..."

Shen Wuyue this old man, was a little bizarre...

Shen Wuyue: "It's just that before they grow back, the bleeding won't stop."

"!!!"

Er Ha and Zhenyuan were alarmed.

Are you sure you won't die?!

...

After entering the magic transportation ring, Er Ha and Zhenyuan very quickly arrived at the top of the Holy Pillar.

During the whole process, Er Ha completely avoided looking directly at the Holy Pillar, for fear of otherwise discovering that it was completely unable to control the "prehistoric powers" between its legs...

When Er Ha appeared on the top of the Holy Pillar, this strange feeling of wanting to piss disappeared.

Gazing at this place which it had once dreamed of setting foot in one day, Er Ha in the end felt a little disappointed.

Because the top of the Holy Pillar was really too small... It was a circular plaza, the borders of which could be seen, and Demon Saint's Holy Palace was in the middle. The palace also looked plain, like an old church; it had stained glass windows all around that shone with colorful light.

It could be said that both the top of the Holy Pillar and Demon Saint's Holy Palace were vastly different from what Er Ha had imagined.

Moreover, Demon Saint's freedom was restricted to the size of this plaza, and Er Ha suddenly felt that to be Demon Saint was actually very miserable...

It was said that all of Demon Saint's power was inherited; even if your talent was poor, it didn't matter as long as you were chosen. However, looking at the gap between imagination and reality now, Er Ha felt that it would rather not have this kind of power...

Basking in the sun in the yard, going out to buy groceries with Mother Wang or the old man, swindling some money out of Xiao Yin, playing cute with Little Master Ling... and when it had nothing to do it could lift Sheep's skirt and tease Jingke in passing — this was more interesting!





Chapter 607 The Most Pitiful Demon Saint in History


"How is it, the top of the Holy Pillar not as vast as you imagined?" Shen Wuyue stepped out from behind them. His head was still bleeding profusely as he lost a lot of blood... And there wasn't the slightest sign of it stopping.

Zhenyuan raised his eyebrows. "Lord Shen, are you sure you don't need to stop the bleeding..."

"Like I said earlier, it'll continue to bleed before the antlers grow back. It's no use trying to stop it or applying medicine to it." Shen Wuyue smiled. "Don't worry about me, Senior Immortal Zhenyuan. My self-healing ability is also very strong. I make blood while I lose it, and it's actually like blood washing; I think it's pretty healthy."

Zhenyuan: "..."

Er Ha: "..."

What damn "healthy"...

Disappointed, Er Ha looked around and deliberately assumed the expression of an elder. "I didn't expect the magnificent Demon Saint to be so lacking in grandeur."

"This is a rule that was established by the original Demon Saint. A person sleeps on a bed and dies in a box; he doesn't need that much space at all. The original Demon Saint paid more attention to the practical use of space." As Shen Wuyue replied, the blood had already run down his white Daoist robe, gradually soaking it as it turned from white to red...

"The succeeding Demon Saint has no authority to modify it?"

"The rules set by the former Demon Saint carry over to the next two generations at most. If Second Generation Demon Saint establishes some rules now, the third and fourth generations don't have the authority to modify them; only Fifth Generation Demon Saint will," Shen Wuyue answered.

"I see." Er Ha nodded.

At that moment, its and Zhenyuan's faces changed slightly as they sensed someone approaching.

A very strong aura came out of Demon Saint's Holy Palace up ahead. It was a blue-skinned demon beast in human form, also known in short as a man-demon1... This man-demon held a scepter in his hand, and the fish scales on his azure blue skin glittered with light.

1(The joke here is that while this is a literal translation of 人妖, the word actually means transvestite in Chinese.) Er Ha and Zhenyuan had already guessed the identity of this person based on his aura alone.

"As expected of Second Generation Demon Saint, your aura is indeed a lot more amazing in person than in a virtual body." Immortal Zhenyuan smiled.

Of course, this was just the standard polite greeting. In his mind, the strongest person would forever be his "Senior Dog"!

"Same to you." The corners of Second Generation Demon Saint's lips lifted in a smile, and then he stepped aside to make way for them. "Welcome, seniors who have come from afar. Please come into the Holy Palace."

This was Er Ha's first time seeing Demon Saint. To be honest, the latter's appearance was very far from what it had imagined.

Forget his blue skin, he even had fish scales; was Second Generation Demon Saint's original form that of a tropical ornamental fish?

Seeing that "Senior Dog" was in a daze, Zhenyuan was very concerned and asked, "What's wrong, Senior Dog?"

"Nothing." Er Ha shook its head and said in a very deep voice, "I was just wondering why the color of Second Generation Demon Saint's skin is so strange."

Zhenyuan: "..."

Second Generation Demon Saint and Sage Master Shen Wuyue were taken aback. "..."

A dog with such strange-colored fur actually had the nerve to comment on other people...

...

Just as Er Ha had expected, Demon Saint's Holy Palace didn't have any space expansion-type spell cast on it, perfectly demonstrating the original Demon Saint's approach to space...

In the Holy Palace, which wasn't very large, the banquet had already been prepared. After they sat down in turn, Er Ha saw two girls in maid outfits actually come out from behind the curtain of the main hall of the temple.

Zhenyuan's eyes lit up. "There are other people here?"

"They're just puppets made out of demon clay, without any consciousness of their own. Although the Holy Palace is small, we still need some people around to do things." Shen Wuyue smiled and said, "There are ten puppets like these in the palace, and they are all very exquisitely made. They were personally made by Second Generation Demon Saint. We have all types: cougar, lolita, dominatrix, young wife and so on..."

Er Ha and Zhenyuan: "..."

Second Generation Demon Saint: "Before I became Demon Saint, I was actually a puppet maker by trade."

Shen Wuyue was blank. "Weren't you an opera singer?"

Second Generation Demon Saint: "That was before I made puppets."

Er Ha and Zhenyuan: "..."

From this simple conversation, Er Ha and Zhenyuan could already guess that Sage Master Shen Wuyue was definitely very fond of knocking this Second Generation Demon Saint off his pedestal.

Er Ha and Zhenyuan's sympathy for Second Generation Demon Saint inevitably increased by a few more degrees...

In the end, before they could stop feeling sympathetic toward Second Generation Demon Saint, Shen Wuyue began to undermine him again...

"Let me tell you something interesting." Shen Wuyue looked at Er Ha and Zhenyuan with a comical expression on his face. "At the time, Second Generation Demon Saint was so excited when he finished making them!"

Er Ha and Zhenyuan: "..."

At that moment, Er Ha turned its eyes to Second Generation Demon Saint and somehow felt that something wasn't right with the latter's expression, which seemed very sad.

Zhenyuan: "What's wrong with Demon Saint?"

"It's fine."

Shen Wuyue shook his head. "He's probably lost in the pain from making the puppets back then."

"Didn't you say Demon Saint was very excited?" Zhenyuan thought it was very strange.

"He was very excited before he made them, but when he found out once these puppets were done that they were cold inside and out... he couldn't get excited anymore."

Er Ha and Zhenyuan: "..."

By the time they heard the word "cold," Er Ha and Zhenyuan's sympathy for Demon Saint had already reached saturation point.

As Demon Saint, first of all, his freedom was limited by the Holy Pillar's control, and he was further trapped by the original Demon Saint's space restrictions, resulting in the top of the Holy Pillar, from the plaza to the Holy Palace, not having the least bit of grandeur. Finally, he still had to put up with Sage Master beside him every day, undermining whatever he did.

But Er Ha felt that the most pitiful thing of all was still in making these puppets.

Judging from the level of detail that had gone into making these puppets from demon clay, it was very obvious that Second Generation Demon Saint had carried out very precise arrangements and calculations in order to make the puppets look realistic enough.

In a situation where he had lost his freedom and grandeur as Demon Saint, if he could have all kinds of puppets accompany him, that actually wouldn't be so bad, come to think of it.

But in the end, Second Generation Demon Saint had to acknowledge the tragic fact... after these puppets were enlightened, they were all cold.

They couldn't be used at all!

I've already taken off my pants, this is what you show me?!

Thinking of this...

Both Er Ha and Zhenyuan were already sending Demon Saint sympathetic glances.

At that moment, they suddenly wanted to ask Shen Wuyue if there were any welfare organizations in the demon world which cared for left-behind children2... They really wanted to go and make a donation.

2(The term for rural children whose parents move to urban areas for work but can't afford to bring their children with them.)





Chapter 608 A Monster in the Space Rift


Previously, Er Ha had thought Demon Saint was very bizarre, but never thought that Shen Wuyue would be even more bizarre... Thinking about it logically, if you had no freedom or space, and your adjutant was constantly undermining you...

Er Ha felt that it would go mad if it stayed here for long, let alone Demon Saint who was trapped by the restrictions of the Holy Pillar.

"Sit down, please, seniors!" Completely different to Second Generation Demon Saint's expression, Shen Wuyue smiled like a fool, his smile more splendid than a lotus. His head was still bleeding violently.

Then Shen Wuyue waved his head. "Hey! Rem and Ram 1 , bring the things over as usual."

1(The names of the twin characters in the light novel "Re: Zero - Starting Life in Another World.") Er Ha then saw two little puppet lolitas carrying a large basin each come over to the right and left of Shen Wuyue and start to use the basins to catch the blood pouring out of Shen Wuyue's head.

Er Ha: "..."

Zhenyuan: "..."

Furthermore, these two basins weren't ordinary. Although Shen Wuyue's blood continued to fill the basins, they never overflowed.

Shen Wuyue smiled. "I made quite a few of these types of basins precisely for use in this type of situation. Each time I have to cast a major spell, I have to pull the antlers out in order to use the energy stored in them. Although it isn't quite painful, it's fairly troublesome... So, Senior Dog and Immortal Zhenyuan, do you now know the reason why I normally don't like to go down to pick people up?"

Er Ha: "..."

Zhenyuan: "..."

The large amount of bleeding was one thing, but what Shen Wuyue this old man disliked mainly was how troublesome it was. So generally speaking, if the visitors they were receiving weren't important guests, Shen Wuyue wouldn't pull off his antlers so easily.

The two little expressionless puppet servants held the basins very deftly as they caught Shen Wuyue's blood; it was clear that they were already very used to it.

Zhenyuan was very baffled as he looked at Shen Wuyue and asked, "What do you do with the blood after collecting it?"

Shen Wuyue: "Isn't that simple? Sell it to a hot pot restaurant!"

Er Ha and Zhenyuan: "..."

"Although my blood isn't as valuable as Demon Saint's, it's still deer blood, and can treat heart palpitations, insomnia and lower back pain." Speaking up to this point, Shen Wuyue had a reminiscent look on his face. "In fact, when the original Demon Saint first assumed office back then, our Holy Palace frequently lacked funds, so I often sold my deer blood to raise money for the activities of our Holy Palace... Of course, I was forced to do so..."

"Forced?"

"That's right! The original Demon Saint was extraordinarily Buddha-like. That attitude didn't just affect the Holy Palace's development, but extended to the frequent financial aid we give to poor demon citizens. All the taxes our Holy Palace receive goes toward the construction of the western area 2 ..."

2(A reference to China's policy for developing its western regions, the 'Great Western Development Program') "..."

"Isn't there a western program these days? This was put forward by First Generation: as long as your academic performance is good enough and is at the level of a graduate student, you can go sign up. Last year, we had more than two thousand demon kings in the outer territories."

Zhenyuan cocked an eyebrow. "Demon kings?"

"That's right! If you're not a demon king, you can't get a diploma at all. Generally, only those who are demon kings can get a graduate diploma. Furthermore, not everyone can get into this western program. There are six rounds of interviews, which directly kills a large number of demon kings," Shen Wuyue said.

Zhenyuan: "What are the benefits of joining this program?"

"In addition to development, this is for the sake of making contributions to the demon world. We have an evaluation list of all the demon kings who have successfully gone west to support the construction there. Based on the value of their contributions, we can increase their clan points." Shen Wuyue smiled. "Although there are ninety-six outer territories of the demon race, these territories are also ranked. Every five years, the top three tribes in the outer territories are compared with the bottom three tribes in the middle territories, and tribes with powerful overall strength are promoted to the middle territories."

Hearing this, Er Ha was enlightened. It didn't know anything about this because back then in the Tuntian Ha clan, it hadn't been king for very long... Listening to Shen Wuyue now, it understood; it turned out that a tribe could be promoted.

Er Ha realized that when Shen Wuyue mentioned this, Second Generation Demon Saint wore a deeply bitter and resentful look, as if someone owed him millions in cash.

Then, Er Ha heard Shen Wuyue go on to say, "In fact, Lord Second Generation Demon Saint was a volunteer in the western construction. Furthermore, he took a Didi Shun Feng 3 demon car and was sexually harassed."

3(A Chinese car-hailing app service. It was shut down for a while after a Didi driver murdered a female passenger ..) "..." Er Ha's and Zhenyuan's hearts couldn't take it! What?? Sexual harassment?! That pervert had such heavy taste!

"And then?"

"At that time, Second Generation Demon Saint was still a weak chick, but dealing with it took no time at all... he directly castrated the other party!"

"..."

Coming back to the main point...

"The western construction program has actually always existed; not only in the demon world, the human cultivation world also has something similar."

Shen Wuyue paused and then said, "I'm bringing up the human cultivation world and the matter of construction in the demon world because the most important point has something to do with the topic of our discussion this time."

When Shen Wuyue said this, Er Ha and Zhenyuan knew that the real issue was at hand.

Shen Wuyue's head was still bleeding profusely, but his expression was completely different from before as it suddenly became serious. "What I want to say next is about the sustainable development of the human cultivation world and the demon world... seniors, I hope you will listen to me carefully."

Er Ha raised its eyes. "Let's hear it."

Shen Wuyue cast a glance at Second Generation Demon Saint, who then opened his mouth. "It's like this, Senior Dog, Senior Immortal Zhenyuan... Not long ago, Sage Master and I discovered a space rift in the demon world."

When the space rift was mentioned, Immortal Zhenyuan's expression changed slightly... because over the years, he was in fact the one who had created so many rifts in the demon world.

Before he had created the Gate Between Worlds, the spatial structure of the demon world had actually been very stable and there hadn't been any chance of a space rift appearing.

Second Generation Demon Saint: "Seniors, you must know that since some goddamn human cultivator created the Gate Between Worlds, our demon world's spatial structure was messed up, and rifts will appear every now and then!"

Er Ha and Zhenyuan: "..."

What was the farthest distance between people?

At that very moment, that goddamn person is sitting right in front of you, but you have no idea at all...

Although he felt a little guilty, Zhenyuan didn't break his act as he struggled to keep calm so that no one could see even a hint of something unusual about him.

"What's so special about these new space rifts?" Zhenyuan asked.

"Mm, this is what I want to talk about. Sage Master and I thought before that it was because of fluctuations from the Gate Between Worlds that those new rifts were generated... But through our investigation, we discovered that these rifts weren't created by the Gate Between Worlds."

"Not because of the Gate Between Worlds?"

"Yes."

Sage Master nodded his head. "Moreover, just as we were about to go through to investigate, a monster emerged from the rift..."





Chapter 609 Operation Error!


Demon Saint's address amused Zhenyuan. "'Monster'? What is that? Aren't you a monster yourself?"

"..." Second Generation Demon Saint realized he actually couldn't refute this.

Of course, Zhenyuan was only joking. What kind of thing would Demon Saint of the demon world call a monster?

Zhenyuan was a little curious.

First of all, it probably wasn't a normal demon beast, spirit beast or devil beast, otherwise Demon Saint wouldn't have especially used the term "monster."

Furthermore, when this monster was mentioned, the expressions on both Second Generation Demon Saint's and Sage Master Shen Wuyue's faces slightly changed and revealed some trepidation, which pinged Er Ha's curiosity at the same time.

After all, the two standing here now were the most powerful existences in the demon world. One was the current Demon Saint and the other was Sage Master, the adjutant who served under Demon Saint... It was impossible for an ordinary creature to make them feel dread.

Second Generation Demon Saint wasn't the strongest, but after merging with the consciousness of the Holy Pillar of the demon world, his strength could be raised from his current True Immortal level to the power of a Venerated Immortal. With the power of the will of a world in hand, there were in fact very few things that could make Demon Saint at this level feel afraid.

Er Ha stared at Second Generation Demon Saint and Shen Wuyue. "I want to know what kind of thing this monster is."

"I'm afraid it's very difficult to clearly explain what this monster is with words alone... The reason why I invited Senior Dog and Immortal Zhenyuan up here this time was because I was hoping that both seniors can help tell us what this monster is," Second Generation Demon Saint said.

"How?" Zhenyuan was a little curious as the corner of his mouth curled up slightly, revealing one canine.

"We've already killed it..."

Zhenyuan was abruptly disappointed. "What? It died just like that? Didn't you say it was a monster?"

At that moment, Second Generation Demon Saint suddenly untied the top part of his Daoist robe, revealing a chest that glittered with scales; they were so bright that they almost blinded Er Ha's dog eyes...

Zhenyuan hurriedly cover his eyes. "Second Generation Demon Saint, please think twice. I don't have this type of fetish!"

Second Generation Demon Saint: "Senior, you're mistaken... Please open your eyes and take a look at the wound on my chest. It's from that monster..."

Immortal Zhenyuan dropped his hands and both he and Er Ha looked at Second Generation Demon Saint's chest. There were actually numerous fierce and terrifying-looking teeth marks on Second Generation Demon Saint's chest and right shoulder! The monster must have had several hundred small teeth at least!

"How long have you had this wound?" Er Ha asked curiously.

"It's been half a month; Sage Master and I have tried everything, but we've been unable to heal this wound..."

"An incurable wound?" Immortal Zhenyuan sucked in a breath of air; if this was the case, then the problem was much more complex and serious than he had thought. True Immortal level was completely different from the other realms because a True Immortal's spirit energy had a very powerful recovery attribute. Generally in a fight, as long as the wound was on the surface, it would heal very quickly.

Er Ha naturally knew this, too.

Although there were a lot of magic treasures or magic spells in the world that had a "major damage" effect that could prevent a wound from healing, the point was that the person who had no way of healing this wound was Second Generation Demon Saint!

Given Second Generation Demon Saint's current realm, Er Ha could only think of two things that could prevent a wound on the former's body from healing.

Furthermore, as far as Er Ha knew, these were indeed currently the most powerful ways of effectively obstructing rapid recovery.

The first way was Xiao Yin's phlegm. The other way was Little Master Ling's primordial qi...

But it was obvious that Demon Saint's wound wasn't caused by Xiao Yin or Little Master Ling.

Er Ha was suddenly interested. "Where is the monster's body? Take it out and let me have a look."

It already had its own conjecture, but it didn't dare make any assertions carelessly; whatever it was, it needed to be seen first in order to be believed.

Actually, Er Ha thought that Zhenyuan had probably already sensed it as well...

...

Later, Shen Wuyue clapped his hands, and two puppets with very beautiful but very cold bodies carefully carried a crystal tank into the main hall. The tank wasn't very large and its opening was only two meters in diameter, but it weighed ten thousand tons. The top was sealed with a thick membrane layer.

Half a month ago, after Second Generation Demon Saint and Shen Wuyue killed this "monster," they threw its body into this crystal tank and sealed it.

"This crystal tank was First Generation Demon Saint's bath. It's made of a very special material. At the time, we searched Demon Saint's Holy Palace but couldn't find a magic treasure more suitable than this crystal tank to store the monster's body in," said Shen Wuyue.

It had already been half a month, but when he recalled the scene of the monster's appearance, Shen Wuyue still trembled a little with fear.

They gathered around the crystal tank as Second Generation Demon Saint began to recall what he had experienced half a month ago. "Half a month ago, Sage Master and I noticed an abnormal space rift. I used magic to move this space rift into the holy temple with the intention of mending it, but I never expected a monster to actually jump out of the rift..."

"How was this monster killed later?" Before seeing the monster's body, Zhenyuan planned to clear up all his questions first.

"Back then, the monster attacked me and I was already injured. After that, Sage Master and I worked together, but this monster was extremely tough to deal with..." Second Generation Demon Saint said, "In the end, I joined hands with Sage Master to pray and call upon the Holy Pillar to forcibly get rid of it."

Shen Wuyue also said with a sigh, "Calling on the Holy Pillar to forcibly make a move in fact reduces Lord Demon Saint's lifespan. Furthermore, each Demon Saint can only use this method three times at most."

Er Ha and Zhenyuan both nodded; man and dog could already guess the implications.

If this monster was truly as frightening as Second Generation Demon Saint said, both the demon world and the human world should indeed pay attention to this matter since they were now connected by the Gate Between Worlds. If this mysterious abnormal rift which the monster had emerged from could appear in the demon world, then it was possible that it could appear in the human world...

"Let's take a look at the monster first." Er Ha narrowed its eyes.

Shen Wuyue nodded, and when he raised his hand, the seal membrane on the outside of the crystal tank was released.

Er Ha floated up in the air, and along with Zhenyuan, looked inside the tank.

Inside, they saw a one meter-long black-colored fish with a mouth full of fangs.

"Is it a catfish?"

Er Ha was cursing in its heart when it heard Zhenyuan cry out in surprise, "Kun1?! What the hell?! What kind of operation error produced this multi-fanged kun?!"

1(A legendary fish which could turn into a roc..) Er Ha: "..."

Second Generation Demon Saint: "..."

Shen Wuyue: "..."





Chapter 610 From Today Onwards I'm Going to Become a Dog Lover!


Judging from the body of this multi-fanged kun, it was still a baby, but even then it was already very lethal. It was actually able to leap out of space and injure Demon Saint, forcing Demon Saint and Sage Master to use the power of the Holy Pillar to kill it... It sounded a little unimaginable, but it was true.

"Senior Immortal Zhenyuan said this is a kun?" Second Generation Demon Saint and Shen Wuyue both turned pale with fright.

They had never seen a kun before as it was a prehistoric creature that was already extinct. After several epochs, they suddenly disappeared in a certain period without leaving even skeletons behind. Since then, these prehistoric creatures had been declared extinct.

At that time, not only the "kun," but the "qilin,""phoenix,""dragon"... all the other prehistoric creatures disappeared. In comparison, however, the kun was the earliest to become extinct, and there were many types of kun. The multi-fanged kun was just one of them, and it was well-known for its powerful ability to inflict physical damage. Moreover, one of the most striking features of this prehistoric creature was that it had a very diverse energy source inside its body which could change according to the environment.

After the seal membrane was removed, Er Ha saw that Zhenyuan had opened his Immortal Eye and was impatiently using it to examine this multi-fanged kun from one end to the other. Even without those unusual space rifts, it was already mind-blowing enough that a prehistoric creature like the multi-fanged kun would reappear.

"This is a kun, and it's still a baby." Immortal Zhenyuan frowned.

He emphasized the word "baby" to highlight the fact that the multi-fanged kun had been born not long ago.

Or to think of it in another way... It was possible that these already extinct prehistoric creatures had established a new home in some corner of the universe.

Whatever the truth of the matter was, the appearance of this multi-fanged kun was a huge discovery.

At this thought, Zhenyuan turned to Er Ha and said, "Senior Dog, you should have also noticed it, right?"

Er Ha knew that Zhenyuan was referring to the multi-fanged kun's energy source. Er Ha couldn't be any more familiar with it, and was sure that there was no mistake - this energy source felt exactly the same as the primordial qi on Little Master Ling!

This was also the main reason why Demon Saint's injury from the attack wasn't healing for now. Primordial qi was very lethal, and it was far from enough to rely purely on demon energy or spirit energy to repair cells.

Primordial qi wasn't unique to Wang Ling, as he had confirmed previously on Immortal Zhenyuan's body. The fact was that once a cultivator reached Venerated Immortal level, they could indeed activate "primordial qi" as another source of energy apart from spirit energy. However, there was a limit to how much energy this second source could store inside a Venerated Immortal cultivator's body.

Things had really gotten complicated...

Looking at the body of this baby multi-fanged kun, Er Ha sniffed it carefully.

It felt that there was some other scent on it...

Er Ha instructed Zhenyuan to flip it over, and then abruptly fixed its gaze on the kun's stomach. "There's something inside..."

Immortal Zhenyuan focused his Immortal Eye and was startled. "There really is something!"

As expected of Senior Dog! It really was awesome.

In fact, Er Ha hadn't seen anything. The reason it felt there was something there was purely because of its sense of smell and intuition.

"What is it?" Second Generation Demon Saint asked.

Previously, he and Shen Wuyue had already examined the multi-fanged kun's body many times inside out, but had discovered nothing unusual.

"There's a string here, three inches below the belly button," Immortal Zhenyuan said.

"String?"

Second Generation Demon Saint and Shen Wuyue also began to use their own powers of sight to look carefully. Their powers certainly weren't as strong as Zhenyuan's, but following his direction, they did indeed see a floating piece of "string." It was as thin as gossamer and translucent. Furthermore, the end of the thread was already cut off. Without careful examination, it would have gone completely unnoticed.

And the other scent which Er Ha had sensed earlier on this multi-fanged kun was from this "string."

"Senior Dog, do you have any ideas?" Everyone stared at this string, lost in deep thought.

Er Ha suddenly thought of something really terrifying. "I was thinking, this string... could it be a fishing line?"

Everyone's expressions changed drastically at this conjecture: a fishing line?

"Senior Dog, are you saying... that this baby multi-fanged kun was just bait? Someone deliberately hooked it up to a fishing line to fish around in space?" Second Generation Demon Saint said.

This was only speculation, but from the evidence so far, it wasn't impossible.

If this really was the case, then this already wasn't as simple as just fishing; rather, someone was using this way to kill people...

The key problem now was the identity and objective of the "angler."

This was an unknown enemy whom they currently had no information on. Where did this multi-fanged kun come from, and where had it been reared... these were some questions in a string of them which they had no clear answer for at present. But if it really had been reared in captivity, then the identity of this mystery angler was very terrifying.

Moreover, the kun was just one prehistoric vicious beast type. God knew whether the person that had raised this vicious beast also had other "monsters"...

"If Senior Dog confronts this angler... what are your chances of victory?" Immortal Zhenyuan asked.

Er Ha: "I should be able to win?"

Who the hell knew what its odds would be... to be more precise, it should be what Little Master Ling's odds would be. The point was that Little Master Ling wasn't around, so Er Ha didn't dare be too sure of itself.

"As expected of Senior Dog! You actually can win! Sage Master and I had no chance at all!" Second Generation Demon Saint said.

Er Ha: "..."

"Sage Master and I had already wondered previously whether our two worlds should join hands and work together to deal with this unknown opponent. Since Senior Dog can handle it alone, that would be great!"

Second Generation Demon Saint was very excited. "I've decided, from today onwards, I'm going to become a dog lover!"

Er Ha: "..."

Zhenyuan: "That's just like Senior Dog. As long as you take action, you just need to snap your fingers to take down the other party, right?"

Er Ha: "..."

'Snap' your sister!

I'm not Thanos!





Chapter 611 The Secret of the Demon World's Holy Pillar


Er Ha realized that things were starting to spiral out of its control; if it really made a move later, its identity would definitely be exposed!

In its heart, Er Ha wanted to cry but had no tears to shed. If it had known earlier, it wouldn't have come up!

Looking at Er Ha's complex expression, Zhenyuan already knew that this enemy would probably be very difficult to deal with. This was "Senior Dog," after all! How strong was the enemy, if they could make even Senior Dog frown? When Zhenyuan saw "Senior Dog" knit its eyebrows, he knew this wasn't a simple matter.

"Can we investigate the space which this kun came from?" Zhenyuan looked at Shen Wuyue and asked. He knew that Shen Wuyue's power of perception was very strong, and surpassed that of ordinary human cultivators and even Demon Saint. It was also one of Shen Wuyue's strengths: he was skilled in perception and in making deductions and calculations.

But it was clear that investigating this kun's origin was tricky even for Shen Wuyue, as he sighed, "I already started investigating after the multi-fanged kun was annihilated by the power of the Holy Pillar, but it'll take three to five days before we get any results. The search range is too wide, and I'm unable to pinpoint an accurate location with my sense of perception. The only thing I roughly know is that it's in a particular subdivision outside the Milky Way..."

"I see..."

Zhenyuan frowned with his chin in his hand. Even if they knew what subdivision it was in, that didn't mean very much... There were millions and millions of different planets in one subdivision outside the Milky Way; how long would their search take?

Even though the range had been narrowed down, this was like looking for a needle in a haystack...

The galaxy beyond the Milky Way was too big. Even if one gained the ability to walk outside the Milky Way at True Immortal level, there wasn't a single True Immortal who dared go too far.

This was something everyone felt in their hearts.

Back when Immortal Zhenyuan had roamed the galaxy beyond the Milky Way for a thousand years, he hadn't even explored a tenth of it. In conditions with a severe lack of natural spirit energy, a True Immortal would already find it unbearable after a few hundred years, let alone a thousand years. If you really wanted to court death in the galaxy outside the Milky Way, buying universal safety insurance wasn't any use! As long as your family didn't issue a death certificate, your remains would slowly turn to dust in the universe!

In any case, Er Ha already felt that this wasn't something it could handle on its own, and that Little Master Ling would have to become involved.

If they didn't take this matter seriously now, it could really lead to a huge calamity later.

An "angler" who was most likely raising a large number of prehistoric vicious beasts that had already disappeared... although they currently didn't know the angler's real identity, whether he was a man or a demon or an alien from outside the Milky Way, it was very clear that the "angler" wouldn't be easy to deal with.

This was because the prehistoric vicious beasts which he had all used primordial qi as their main energy source; this alone was enough to chew and spit out most of the cultivators in the human world.

After all, Little Master Ling's slap back then had contained a little bit of primordial qi, and Evil Sword God had been thrashed so badly that even his own mother wouldn't have been able to recognize him.

With these prehistoric vicious beasts all using "primordial qi" as their main energy source, one could well imagine how lethal they were.

Second Generation Demon Saint and Shen Wuyue called these prehistoric vicious beasts "monsters," which Er Ha thought was quite apt.

"Senior Dog, are you very certain?" Shen Wuyue asked, looking at Er Ha.

Er Ha played the profound thinker as it nodded its head. "Yes." (As if...)

Er Ha: "I'll think of a way to look for the angler, but I need to return and look up some information." (I need to ask Little Master Ling about this first...)

"Then that's good."

Second Generation Demon Saint and Shen Wuyue nodded.

They had never seen "Senior Dog" casually perform grade thirteen spells like Immortal Zhenyuan had said, but since it was a great senior whom Immortal Zhenyuan recognized, the only thing Second Generation Demon Saint and Shen Wuyue could do now was believe in it.

However, the matter wasn't over because they didn't know what the "angler's" objective was.

Whether releasing this prehistoric vicious beast was part of a hunt or as a scout operation before an invasion, they didn't know a single thing.

Faced with this unknown enemy, it was one thing not to act rashly, but protecting the people was also important. If this mysterious "angler" brought a large number of prehistoric vicious beasts with it in an invasion, both the demon world and the human world wouldn't be able to escape.

When the time came, it would be an enormous catastrophe.

So in this situation, Er Ha could only look for a reason to slip away first.

Its line of thinking was very clear - it had to look for help from Little Master Ling.

Blood was still gushing out of Shen Wuyue's head, but he was still very clear-headed.

He took out two golden talismans from the lapel of his robe and gave them to Immortal Zhenyuan and Er Ha. "Senior Dog, Senior Immortal Zhenyuan, this is the golden talisman of my Demon Saint's Holy Palace. If there's anything you want to know, you can use Demon Saint's golden talisman to come here at any time. This golden talisman can also be used to communicate. If I uncover any clues here, I'll immediately inform both seniors."

"So something like this exists." Immortal Zhenyuan took Demon Saint's golden talisman and assessed it curiously.

He could sense that it contained the Holy Pillar's aura. "Was it made with the power of the Holy Pillar?"

"That's right." Second Generation Demon Saint swiftly replied, "Furthermore, only Demon Saints can make this talisman. This Demon Saint's golden talisman is equivalent to an access pass to the demon world. Both seniors will be able to come whenever you want, and the transference site is Demon Saint's Holy Palace. With the golden talisman, however, you can visit any corner of the demon world that you want. To see the golden talisman is like seeing Demon Saint in person... All demon beasts, including demon kings and demon gods, must respect it, otherwise they will be punished by the restriction."

Speaking up to this point, Second Generation Demon Saint sighed. "In fact, a long time ago, the original Demon Saint planned to mass produce this golden talisman and send a batch to the human cultivation world to establish diplomatic relations with every country's head of state. In fact, our demon world has always wanted to build a peaceful relationship with the human cultivation world. If we had done so earlier, we could have worked together after encountering a difficult situation like this today... But regrettably, that plan was later canceled."

Zhenyuan: "Why was it canceled?"

Second Generation Demon Saint: "Wasn't it because some goddamn person created the Gate Between Worlds which directly connected to the demon world?!"

Er Ha and Zhenyuan: "..."

Second Generation Demon Saint: "Not only did this Gate Between Worlds disrupt our original plan, it also damaged the spatial structure in our demon world... A few of our diplomats just wanted to go out and take a look, but in the end were beaten up so badly they came scurrying back!"

Second Generation Demon Saint spoke with deep bitterness and hatred, and even Shen Wuyue's expression was grudging. "I scoured a lot of information all these years, but I could never discover who created the Gate Between Worlds... There are also rumors that it was Senior Immortal Zhenyuan who created the Gate Between Worlds..."

Zhenyuan's lips twitched. "How... how could it be me... I'm so good and honest..."

"That's right! How could it have been Senior Immortal Zhenyuan? Senior is so good and honest!"

Shen Wuyue shrugged his shoulders. "But it doesn't matter anymore since I already laid a curse on the creator previously."

Zhenyuan: "Cur... Curse?"

Shen Wuyue: "I cursed him to be plagued by inner demons!"

Er Ha and Zhenyuan: "..."

...

After they ate at Demon Saint's Holy Palace, both Second Generation Demon Saint and Shen Wuyue sent Er Ha and Immortal Zhenyuan off outside the palace hall. Blood was still gushing out of Shen Wuyue's head, and as he moved, the two lolita servants holding the basins to catch the blood on the left and right moved with him...

Before leaving, Er Ha couldn't help turning its head to ask, "Can I ask you something?"

Second Generation Demon Saint: "Senior now has Demon Saint's golden talisman, which means you're an honored guest of my demon world. You can ask anything you want!"

Er Ha: "How is the position of Demon Saint inherited?"

This was what Er Ha wanted to know, and when Zhenyuan heard this, he also had a curious look on his face.

Second Generation Demon Saint: "It was the original Demon Saint who determined the system of inheritance, and it's a little bizarre as it isn't based on strength or talent..."

Er Ha: "Then what is it based on?"

Second Generation Demon Saint: "You just need to piss on the Holy Pillar..."

Zhenyuan: "..."

Er Ha: "???"

It had almost become the third generation Demon Saint?!





Chapter 612 You Saying Nothing Doesn't Mean Ling Zhenren Doesn't Know


When it thought about how it had almost been unable to control the urge to piss on the Holy Pillar, Er Ha still had some lingering fear — it had actually almost become the third generation Demon Saint!

Er Ha used to think that there were all sorts of benefits from becoming Demon Saint. But now it didn't seem as simple as it had thought. The lack of freedom was truly unbearable...

As it departed, Er Ha felt deep sympathy for Second Generation Demon Saint. It didn't bother asking Second Generation Demon Saint why he had pissed on the Holy Pillar. Everyone had their own secrets, and it was very clear that this was a very humiliating history...

Why did Second Generation Demon Saint piss on the Holy Pillar... only Second Generation Demon Saint himself knew the reason.

Just as Er Ha and Zhenyuan were about to take their leave, Shen Wuyue suddenly said, "Senior Dog and Senior Immortal Zhenyuan, are you really not curious at all why Second Generation Demon Saint pissed on the Holy Pillar back then?"

Blood was still gushing out of Shen Wuyue's head and the expression on his face was very enigmatic; it was the playful look of a person who was holding something in, but was clearly dying to let it out.

Shen Wuyue felt that he couldn't be blamed for feeling this way. He hadn't been a big mouth to begin with - if you had to blame someone, blame the original Demon Saint! The magic array which this guy set up in the Holy Palace was really too evil - each time Shen Wuyue went to pick someone up, he had to pluck out his antlers to use their energy reserves.

As time went by, Shen Wuyue started to loathe how troublesome it was. If it wasn't an important visitor, he usually wouldn't personally go down to receive them. This directly led to very few people calling at Demon Saint's Holy Palace, and Shen Wuyue burst with a lot of gossip but had no one to tell them to.

Shen Wuyue felt that he would fall ill sooner or later! This characteristic simply made him a perfect match for Guo Hao and Lao Gudong!

Immortal Zhenyuan: "..."

Er Ha: "..."

Second Generation Demon Saint's expression instantly turned unsightly. He had actually recognized such a Sage Master as his adjutant. This guy had really joined the bad guys, undermining him every day!

Honestly, Er Ha truly hadn't planned to ask the question. Because it was a private matter, Second Generation Demon Saint certainly wouldn't want to talk about it. But since Shen Wuyue had asked, Er Ha was a little curious...

Er Ha's lips twitched. "How about... you say it?"

Shen Wuyue was instantly happy, his expression like that of a Vileplume's. "Since Senior Dog has asked so sincerely, I'll be generous and tell you!"

Second Generation Demon Saint: "???"

Er Ha and Zhenyuan: "..."

Shen Wuyue: "In fact, at that time, Second Generation Demon Saint was a petitioner."

Er Ha and Zhenyuan: "Petitioner?"

Shen Wuyue: "Lord Second Generation Demon Saint lived in a remote mountain village in a very small region. There were actually a lot of unfair conditions in the village, so there were frequently people who sought an audience with Demon Saint. It actually just so happened that Lord Second Generation Demon Saint was the petitioner closest to the Holy Pillar at the time. First Generation Demon Saint thought that Second Generation Demon Saint was pretty interesting, and so released his aura to scare him."

"And then?"

"Then nothing. Lord Second Generation Demon Saint was so scared he pissed himself at the bottom of the Holy Pillar."

"..."

...

So nowadays, many seemingly glamorous careers weren't necessarily better than a normal one.

Second Generation Demon Saint was a typical case. As leader of the demon world, his authority was actually undermined by his adjutant every day, but he couldn't do anything — how painful was that? So after seeing how miserable Second Generation Demon Saint constantly was, Er Ha's thoughts were clearer than ever.

Now that the conflict among the four inner territories had been solved, the demon world would soon enter a time of peaceful development. This period would be an unprecedented golden era of development for the Tuntian Ha clan. Now that Elder Wen held both "Demon Saint's Decree" and the position of Secretary-General of peace in the four inner territories, anyone with a slightly discerning mind could analyze the risks involved in messing with the clan.

So now, Er Ha felt it could truly and completely let the Tuntian Ha clan go.

Six years. Six years after its disappearance, it could today finally settle its account with the old clan over which it had once presided as demon king.

Looking at miserable Demon Saint now, Er Ha deeply felt that if it was given another opportunity again, it would never choose to take on any role like a noble or a general — it was too much work!

Be it a man or a dog like Er Ha... the most important was to live a happy life!

Like the volunteers and volunteer demons involved in the western development in the human world and the demon world respectively; it was indeed tough, but weren't they happy? Er Ha felt that these men or demons must feel utterly fulfilled in their hearts.

Or perhaps these weren't peaceful times, and there were people or demons who carried heavy burdens as they silently moved forward...

Every person and every demon had their own realms. The difference in realms determined the height of your pursuit. Sometimes, the higher you flew, the more painful the fall, so moderation was good: doing things to the best of your abilities was good enough.

Er Ha stood on the top of the Holy Pillar and gazed at the clouds in front of it, deep in thought.

Zhenyuan knew that Senior Dog had most likely thought of something again... Heavenly Dao was written all over its countenance!

As expected of Senior Dog, it achieved enlightenment wherever it went.

Zhenyuan thought that even if he cultivated for a lifetime, he wouldn't be able to reach this kind of realm.

Er Ha looked at the clouds and sighed in its heart.

It was time to leave. The matter of the Tuntian Ha clan had come to an end.

But things weren't over yet...

Long-lasting peace between the demon world and the human world was the real key to sustainable development.

Take the "angler incident" which Er Ha had just learnt of today. Just as Second Generation Demon Saint had said, if the two worlds had had already established good diplomatic cooperation, they could have worked together to come up with a plan for finding this angler and determining the other party's purpose.

But there was no rush for the moment.

There was still Zhenyuan, who could handle it...

Er Ha felt that apart from Little Master Ling, Zhenyuan was currently the only other person amazing enough among the human cultivators who could take action.

"The repair works on Drought Star aren't done yet, so I plan to send a clone to investigate this angler. If I have any information, I'll definitely immediately share it with Senior Dog through the Venerated Immortal main seal!" Saying this, Zhenyuan scratched his head and smiled. "However, I feel that with any leads I find, Senior Dog will probably find them before I do. If it turns out that the leads are the same, just don't laugh at me, Senior Dog."

Er Ha: "..."

Then, Er Ha stamped its leg three times, and Lord Ma's golden light shrouded its body and took it back.

Lord Ma sent it back to the toilet in a golden light.

When it landed, Er Ha took out its phone and saw that it was five o'clock in the morning.

The golden light shield on its body also disappeared the moment it landed.

Walking on tiptoe, Er Ha pushed the bathroom door open and made as little noise as possible as it walked out. It was clearly a dog, but it walked like a cat, as if it was a thief...

Once Er Ha had slipped completely out of the bathroom, a gaze on it made its forehead sweat instantly.

Er Ha turned and saw Little Master Ling reclining on the bed, his head propped up on one hand as he stared at Er Ha.

"..."

Hm...

It was a very sexy pose...





Chapter 613 This Won't Do! It Can't Go on Like This!


Those familiar dead fish eyes made Er Ha's dog fur tremble all over. Furthermore, after it calmed down, Er Ha noticed that Jingke was lying beside Little Master Ling, and the both of them were staring at it in the same position with their heads propped up... Like an old father and his son.

Er Ha: "..."

At that moment, Er Ha in fact instantly already knew.

Little Master Ling had probably already known earlier on about it going to the demon world and had been thinking of ways to help it secretly. The golden light shield absolutely hadn't been an effect of Lord Ma sending it over, but had been set up by its little master at the very beginning.

Sure enough, trying to hide this from Little Master Ling had really been a dumb choice.

"Do, you have, anything, you want to, explain?" Jingke asked as it looked at Er Ha with an expressionless face.

Er Ha swallowed its saliva. "When did you know..."

"From, the very, beginning," Jingke answered.

Er Ha: "Then..."

"That's right, we saw, everything, you did, just now," Jingke said. "Ling, likes, to lurk. It's not like, you don't, know that."

Er Ha: "..."

"???" Wang Ling felt that Jingke had definitely been led astray by Shen Wuyue!

Learning bad things like Shen Wuyue's undermining ways, unfortunately.

Although Wang Ling didn't say anything, that didn't mean that he wasn't going to punish Er Ha.

He decided to give it the cruelest punishment he could think of, for keeping its owner in the dark...

For the next month, Wang Ling wouldn't walk Er Ha; Er Ha could go walk itself!

When Wang Ling let Er Ha know this telepathically, it grit its teeth in agony.

This punishment was indeed very cruel.

It was too cruel!

It flew into Wang Ling's arms and cried its dog tears.

...

Er Ha looked at the time; it had just turned six in the morning.

It was July 21st on Friday in the thirteenth week of the semester.

It was time for Little Master Ling to get ready for school.

While on its trip to the demon world this time, Er Ha had actually expected that its little master might be very angry after it came back. But reality proved that Wang Ling was truly a very gentle person.

Er Ha couldn't help taking out its diary as it started to write down its experiences from its journey to the demon world last night. Back then, Er Ha had named this diary "Human Observation Diary" and wrote it with the initial intention of promoting peace between the demon world and the human world. Recorded in the diary were the numerous prejudices which Er Ha had held against humans while it had been a demon king, and how these "prejudices" had changed after living in the human world.

Er Ha wrote down a rough retelling of its experiences from last night from beginning to end.

Of course, there were two things it didn't put down. One had to do with the secret of Demon Saint's inheritance, and the other was the truth about how Second Generation Demon Saint had assumed the position... These two things were classified. Shen Wuyue that old man couldn't control his mouth, but Er Ha felt that it was quite tight-lipped itself. Some things could be said, and some things not.

If the diary got out later and other people saw it, there would be no saving Second Generation Demon Saint's face.

Ah! So tired!

Writing with a dog paw ultimately wasn't very convenient, and it made Er Ha's paw ache.

But there was an improvement in every character written down in the diary. From illegible chicken scratch at the beginning to this now beautiful slender gold style 1 , Er Ha actually felt very accomplished!

1(The "slender gold" style of calligraphy invented by Emperor Huizong refers to how his writing resembled twisted and curved gold filament ..) It had done it!

Take a photo! Share with Xiao Yin!

Er Ha actually also really wanted to show it to Wei Zhi. After all, Wei Zhi was one of the few friends it had in the human world. However, given the restricted contents of the diary, Er Ha thought it wouldn't be very good for Wei Zhi to see it; what if it scared Wei Zhi?

An image was sent to Xiao Yin not long after that.

About two minutes later, Er Ha's chat window shook.

Xiao Yin: "Damn! You went to the demon world! But you hid it from Master! And Master didn't blame you???"

Er Ha shrugged its shoulders and replied a little smugly, "Perhaps this is the power of the 'first wife'."

Xiao Yin: "..."

Er Ha: "You are our Ling Ling's second contract beast. Actually, I've always said to Little Master Ling that he has to be fair in his treatment, but unfortunately he likes to pamper me alone... what can I do? I also feel very helpless! Maybe it's because I'm cuter... I don't eat so much and I'm pleasing to the eye, and at night, I'm an environmentally friendly fluorescent night light that's easy on the eyes. I'm small in size and easy to take around, and I'm essential for the home or travel. Look at you, you're so big in your beast form, you're not cost-effective at all!"

"..."

Xiao Yin felt attacked.

Consumed by envy at Er Ha's words, he directly punched a hole in the sofa.

This wouldn't do! He couldn't go on like this!

"Thunder, Thunder!!" Xiao Yin couldn't help yelling.

Lord Thunder was really very busy. He hadn't been idle these two days, and had been investigating President Bai who was still on the run. Furthermore, another mysterious person had uploaded a scoop on the cultivation forum not long ago claiming that there was internal chaos in the foreign power which President Bai was associated with, Night Chief.

A president named Edmark had been killed in a long-range attack and had died on the spot... the cause of his death was an unknown spherical magic weapon.

And Lord Thunder had specially looked up information on this Edmark.

He was the first leader brought in when the organization Night Chief had first been set up, and he was the head of the current six generals of Night Chief! Although Night Chief's hierarchy didn't have a deputy leader position, Edmark's overall strength and seniority was already at this level. It could be said that under Night Ghost Spirit Emperor as the captain of this organization, this President Edmark was second only to him and was an outstanding existence.

But now, Edmark, the head of the six generals, had inexplicably died, which was extremely baffling... Who had done it? Was there someone else watching this foreign force? Were they friend or foe?

No one knew anything...

Thunder was thinking this when Xiao Yin started shouting.

"Brother Xiao, what's wrong?"

After getting up and going over to Xiao Yin, Lord Thunder saw the big hole in the broccoli sofa and immediately took a deep breath. "Brother Xiao... the cost of this broccoli sofa will be deducted from your living expenses next month, which is a total of five hundred thousand."

Lord Thunder had decided to help Xiao Yin completely rectify his "bad habit" of breaking things when he got excited.

Hearing how much the sofa cost, Xiao Yin immediately neighed. "This sofa is so ugly, how can it be so expensive?"

Lord Thunder's lips twitched. "Have you heard of Raising A Kun?"

Xiao Yin bit his finger. "An online game?"

Lord Thunder: "While playing this game, there was a person who made a mistake and kept a corpse of a kun until it decayed. But even though it smelled bad, it tasted good."

Xiao Yin: "..."

Lord Thunder smiled. "The principle applies to this sofa as well: it looks ugly, but it's expensive."

Xiao Yin: "..."





Chapter 614 Xiao Yin's Prop


Xiao Yin found it hard to imagine that such an ugly sofa was actually worth half a million. Could it be that the broccoli sofa had been infused with leopard bone? No way, right?

Forget it... half a million was half a million. He was currently on a diet anyway, and wasn't eating as much takeout. Worst comes to worst, he just wouldn't order devil fruit this month; every time he ordered takeout, half the total cost was from devil fruits.

Xiao Yin felt that he shouldn't be so extravagant and should save a little on his food expenses.

At this thought, he immediately sighed: It looked like he would have to subsist on Yang's Braised Chicken Rice 1 next month, which was really painful...

1(Yang's Braised Chicken Rice is one of China's most popular restaurant chains.) After living with Xiao Yin for a period of time, Thunder basically already understood this "Silver's" character. However, there was one point that had always been beyond Thunder's expectations, and that was this Silver's almost fanatical reverence for Brother Ling.

To be able to make a holy beast open his heart to accept a master...

It could only be said that Brother Ling was truly Brother Ling...

Suddenly, Lord Thunder felt a little sad for some reason.

Even though Xiao Yin was Brother Ling's contract beast, it was everyone's duty to protect holy beasts. As Silver's current "keeper," he had to think of ways to become stronger!

Lord Thunder cupped his chin as he gazed at the anxious and impatient Silver in front of him. "Brother Xiao, why did you yell for me?"

"I would like to ask, under what circumstances would Master take the initiative to walk a dog?" Xiao Yin asked solemnly.

Lord Thunder: "Walk a dog?"

This was a question Lord Thunder had never thought about.

Because walking the dog was a regular thing which all dog owners did, mainly so that their dogs didn't get bored. Scientific research showed that keeping a dog inside the house for long periods of time wasn't good for its physical and mental health. Furthermore, this didn't apply to just spirit dogs. Many pet trainers now were in the habit of walking their spirit beasts. But for the most part, this applied to spirit beasts that hadn't taken on human forms.

There were many types of spirit beasts, and many of those that hadn't transformed into humans looked very frightening, so letting this group of spirit beasts wander around on their own while on a walk could be dangerous. The state's rule that spirit beasts had to be personally guided by their owners while they were out was thus aimed at this group.

Additionally, there was also a state restriction on body types. Spirit beasts that were too large were forbidden from crossing streets that bustled with larger crowds of people, and they had to find another route.

"Why is Brother Xiao suddenly concerned about this?" Lord Thunder was very curious about the question Xiao Yin had raised. For a holy beast that had already successfully transformed into a modern-day shut-in, it was mystifying that he would actually care about going out to walk the dog.

Xiao Yin sighed heavily. "It's all because of that Dog Bapi..."

"What's wrong with Brother Dog?" asked Lord Thunder.

Xiao Yin: "It said that Master pampers it solely... But it was punished recently and Master decided not to take it out for walks for the next month, so I think it's a good chance for me to seize the top spot!"

Lord Thunder took a deep breath. "Brother Xiao, don't tell me..."

"Yes! That's right!"

Xiao Yin had a serious expression on his face. "I want Master to walk me!"

"..."

Lord Thunder was alarmed. "But you can't reveal your beast form, otherwise you'll be discovered - did you forget you already promised Brother Ling? And Brother Ling himself doesn't like standing out..."

Xiao Yin shrugged his shoulders. "Then I'll go out in my human form!"

"... It's impossible, Brother Xiao, just give up." Lord Thunder patted his face; wouldn't walking a human stand out even more?!

'Whether it's impossible or not, I have to try!" Xiao Yin grit his teeth and refused to give up. "I've already booked a Shun Feng car; I'm going to go to a spirit beast specialty store in the afternoon to have a look!"

"Brother Xiao, what do you want to do..." Lord Thunder had a bad feeling.

"Go look at collars," Xiao Yin replied seriously.

Lord Thunder: "..."

...

That afternoon, Xiao Yin put on a peaked cap and set off, the car he booked picking him up at the entrance to Wenxian Garden villa estate.

Xiao Yin was going to visit Songhai city's flagship spirit beast specialty store.

It was one of the biggest specialty stores in the city which sold specialized spirit beast goods. It had everything one could think of, including food for spirit beasts, various types of protective equipment for spirit beasts and even magic treasures customized for spirit beast use.

However, these types of magic treasure were far inferior to the ones that Luo Chuang personally customized, because most of them were bought directly from the factories and the quality of mass produced magic treasures was basically all the same.

The flagship store was quite far from Wenxian Garden. In order to save money, Xiao Yin had chosen to use a Didi Shun Feng spirit car. The app had a promotion at the moment: as long as you uploaded a photo of yourself and registered with your real name, if you got over a thousand likes on your photo in the app community, you would get a discount on your first ten rides.

Xiao Yin had already prepared his travel plan for today earlier that morning.

He was quite confident in his photo, which showcased his long flowing hair and him making a heart sign. When he went out, his likes in the community had actually already surpassed ten thousand...

Xiao Yin looked at the number of likes and was elated.

He hadn't added any filters, yet he was still so popular!

Actually, Xiao Yin had a very good foundation to begin with; whether his skin had been photoshopped or not, or whether filters had been added, the effect was still the same.

It looked like he really had the talent to become an actor.

In fact, Xiao Yin had thought before about looking for part-time jobs to earn money. Just relying on the living expenses that Thunder gave him every month actually wasn't very nice... And the most important thing was the additional expenses. Most of the living expenses which Thunder gave him actually went to food; if Xiao Yin wanted to buy other things, then it wasn't enough.

Xiao Yin had heard Er Ha mention before that Luo Chuang was preparing for a big film; when the time came, would he get a chance to audition for it?

As he departed, Xiao Yin took a look at the online assessments of him.

Hashtag 1: White skin, good looks, long legs

This tag made Xiao Yin a little shy... what great truths people were saying so easily!

Hashtag 2: Little sister is really good-looking

Xiao Yin: "???"

What was wrong with everyone's eyesight nowadays?! He clearly had body hair! It was just that it was white so you couldn't see it!

Hashtag 3: I already couldn't control myself at first sight

Xiao Yin tsked. His mood was very complicated because he didn't know whether this tag was from a man or a woman. He hoped it wasn't a "pervert" with unsavory thoughts about him...

Hm...

Xiao Yin looked at the comments and saw one with the hashtag that currently had the most number of likes.

Hashtag 4: A pity it's an airport 2

2(Basically as flat as an airport runway..) Xiao Yin: "..."





Chapter 615 Beware the Driver with Fake Plates!


Personalized hashtags were initially intended to draw people closer together, and just being open on the community platform was good for interpersonal communication; it was good to make more friends as you went out in the world. But the problem was that this was a car-hailing app, not a social app. Lord Thunder had reminded Xiao Yin of this earlier when the latter had downloaded the app.

Just as Xiao Yin reached the villa estate entrance, Lord Thunder texted him once again. "Brother Xiao, be careful when you're out. If anything happens, contact me at any time."

Xiao Yin stared at the text message and smiled with a pure expression in his eyes as he immediately replied, "Don't worry, how can there be that many bad people in this world?"

"It's still better to be careful!" Lord Thunder's main worry was that Xiao Yin's identity would be exposed; it had nothing to do with safety issues at all since Xiao Yin's overall combat ability was much stronger than his! What Lord Thunder was afraid of was that Xiao Yin would carelessly give himself away.

In fact, Lord Thunder realized that each time Xiao Yin went out without anyone else, he would get a bad feeling. For example, the first two times Xiao Yin had gone out alone, he had inexplicably ended up at the police station.

And the most important thing was that it was the same police station every time — Anning District Cultivation Police Station, Songhai city. Once Xiao Yin was there, he would stir up the entire station so that it wasn't peaceful1.

1(The joke is that Anning means 'peace.') After waiting at the entrance for a while, Xiao Yin saw a Didi Shun Feng spirit car slowly drive over. He checked the license plate number on the app and frowned.

Song A00544?

The number was wrong!

The license plate number given in the app was Song A: 449442...

2(The pinyin for the first 'songʼ character is from Songhai. The second 'song' character here means "to send .. ") But it seemed like this was currently the only Shun Feng car nearby, and Xiao Yin promptly felt something wasn't right.

The driver was a baldie. As soon as he saw Xiao Yin, he rolled down the window and stuck his arm out as he greeted him. "Beauty, get in!"

"Your license plate isn't right..."

Xiao Yin stared at the bald driver. "Also, I'm a boy!"

"Ah, Mr Yin, I'm so sorry. You're so cute you're like a girl." The driver gave a very sly smile. "Actually, whether a boy or a girl, any kid who gets in my car is definitely a cutie. My surname is Liu. Today just happens to be my birthday. If sir decides to get on, it'll be a free ride."

There was no such thing as a free lunch in this world. A small Yang's Braised Chicken Rice meal would cost you fifteen HNY! Besides, when the Yang's Braised Chicken Rice was sent over in many cases, the chicken portions were very small and it was mostly bones, chicken skin, potatoes and green peppers...

It cost three thousand HNY to take a taxi from Wenxian Garden to the flagship spirit beast store downtown, and this driver was actually offering him a free ride? It might be that the other party had some ill intentions toward him... However, as long as he got in, he could save three thousand HNY!

Xiao Yin struggled for a moment.

Knowing that the driver had bad intentions toward him...

Should he get on or not?

That was the question!

After a while, Xiao Yin still decided to open the door and get in. Whether the driver had bad intentions or not, as long as he took Xiao Yin to his destination, it would be fine!

In any case, this driver was just at the Golden Core stage and couldn't do anything to him...

...

When he opened the door, Xiao Yin took a look out of the corner of his eye. In the rearview mirror, he saw this unscrupulous Didi spirit car driver with the surname Liu curl his lips at Xiao Yin taking his bait.

"Mr Yin? Let me confirm your destination, you're going to the flagship spirit beast specialized equipment store downtown, is that right?" Liu Zhenhua, the driver, asked cautiously.

"That's right." Xiao Yin nodded. "How long will it take from here? Two hours?"

"It won't take two hours, we'll get there in an hour. I can take a shortcut." The driver chuckled. "Mr Yin, are you going to the spirit beast specialty store because you're raising a spirit beast at home?" Most people had the impression that those who raised spirit beasts usually didn't have very high realms.

"Hm, that's right."

"How many spirit beasts? Are they strong?"

"Not bad..."

The driver kept asking questions, and Xiao Yin realized right away that the driver was trying to sound him out.

Xiao Yin's aura was usually restrained and he maintained it at the late Foundation Establishment stage as he hid his true realm. When this Driver Liu arrogantly perceived Xiao Yin's fake realm, his smile became even more pleased.

So had he picked up high quality goods today?

Driver Liu couldn't resist sticking out his tongue to lick his lips. Xiao Yin sat in the back and feigned ignorance, but he saw this scene.

Xiao Yin suddenly had an urge.

He wanted to cut out this obscene man's tongue...

After asking his questions, Driver Liu was excited as he stepped on the gas and drove swiftly forward.

This Mr Yin behind him had skin as fair as a porcelain doll's. In any case, whether it was a boy or a girl didn't matter. Driver Liu's heart was roused with evil desire. And most importantly, not only was this person not very strong, he also actually lived in an upscale villa estate like Wenxian Garden.

This Mr Yin was very likely a kid from a rich family!

He had really picked up a treasure today. Driver Liu felt that he could do whatever he wanted to this "Mr Yin" first and then hold him for ransom from his family! To slate his lust and get money at the same time was just too good to be true!

...

Elsewhere, Wang Ling heard a piece of gossip about Didi spirit cars during the morning self-study. The news on this matter would only be reported at noon, but Guo Hao had already gotten firsthand information from his uncle.

"Guys, do you know, recently there's a pervert called Bi Mad Devil who's a Didi spirit car driver and whose victims are his passengers. He rapes them first and then holds them for ransom. Furthermore, whether he gets the money or not, he still kills his hostages. This man's ruthless, and he really makes people mad; a number of Golden Core cultivators have already fallen into his trap," Guo Hao said.

Su Xiao couldn't help shivering. "Luckily I don't take taxis... This is too scary."

Guo Hao tsked. "That's not the scariest part. Do you know why he's called Bi Mad Devil? It's said that this man doesn't choose his passengers based on gender; the only requirement is that they're good-looking, whether they're male or female."

Chen Chao was alarmed. "There's this kind of operation?! Then wouldn't I be in danger..."

Everyone: "..."

Guo Hao looked at Chen Chao and smiled. "Chao, I'm not trying to put you down... Your looks are alright, but the people he chooses are basically slim, soft and delicate; he doesn't want Africans."

Chen Chao: "..."

Saying this, Guo Hao then added, "Someone like Wang Ling would be a perfect fit."

Wang Ling: "???"





Chapter 616 So Number 60 High School Is the Secret Weapon


Wang Ling realized that Guo Hao had been a little "cheeky" recently and would poke fun at him from time to time. Logically speaking, Wang Ling thought that he should actually already have a pretty low profile in class, but instead, it felt like people were constantly paying attention to him. Oddly enough, this feeling didn't bother Wang Ling.

Somehow, Wang Ling felt that every single person at Number 60 High School was especially approachable.

In fact, he thought that this was something worth mulling over. After all, back when he had created the "intrinsic spirit field," the landscape had been directly modeled on Number 60 High School for background modeling. This had been a subconscious reaction and also reflected the weight which Number 60 High School carried in his mind.

Number 60 High School might not be the best school, but in his mind it was at least the most impressive.

It was the thirteenth week of the semester.

So many bad things had happened, which made him dead tired.

They had Teacher Pan's class in the morning, which was two Dao talisman lessons in a row. Because the weather was a little gloomy and the sports meet had just ended, Teacher Pan thought it was time for the students to concentrate on their studies.

As Number 60 High School's teaching pioneer, it could only be said that Teacher Pan truly was Teacher Pan; without saying a single thing, she directly occupied the third period, which was the PE class, and unceremoniously started a third round of lessons. When Teacher Ye came, he just flashed past the classroom door and knocked as a mere formality. When he met Teacher Pan's eyes, he promptly pulled his head back and disappeared.

Chen Chao and Guo Hao couldn't help giving Teacher Ye the finger in deep protest at his "cowardly" behavior.

As a PE teacher, how could he gravely bow and scrape to men of high rank and men of high office 1 !

1(Derived from a line in the poem "Tian Mu Mountain Ascended in a Dream" by famous Chinese poet Li Bai.) Teacher Ye, be firm! Be firm!

But regretfully, Teacher Ye left, just like that...

Like the Fragrant Concubine 2 who turned into a butterfly and left without a trace...

2(A consort of the Qianlong Emperor in Chinese legend. This adaptation is from the TV drama "Princess Pearl .. ") ...

School class periods were all systematically organized by the education consultants at the General Administration of 100 Schools based on the habits of students in every school. The arrangement took into account a lot of factors, such as the frequency of students raising their hands in a lesson, of lifting their heads, and so on... There was even data that pinpointed how long students maintained eye contact with the teacher.

Wang Ling initially didn't know all this, but had heard about it from Zhuo Yi.

So sometimes, three lessons in a row didn't work very well. Usually, the period Teacher Pan occupied would be for nothing more than dictation and tests, but against everyone's expectations this time, Teacher Pan actually used the third period to hold a class meeting.

Standing on the dais, Old Pan looked around the classroom with the expression of one who knew everything. "I know that when I had Teacher Ye leave just now, there were definitely people criticizing me in their minds, isn't that right?"

Chen Chao and Guo Hao didn't dare say anything.

Old Pan: "Chen Chao, Guo Hao! You two, don't look at me and smile! I'm talking about the both of you, there's nothing to smile about."

Chen Chao and Guo Hao: "..."

Old Pan really knew them too well...

"This class meeting is about Devil Valley. Has everyone heard of it?"

As soon as Old Pan finished speaking, the class fell deathly silent for a moment. Everyone was startled. Many students in the elite class read widely on topics outside of school, so plenty of them were utterly stunned when they heard this information.

Devil Valley?

Wasn't this the secret land that opened once every century?

"Devil Valley is a 5A state-protected secret land, and is also called Beast King's Remains. This is because according to legend, Devil Valley was a tomb which the king of holy beasts, Devil King, built for itself," said Teacher Pan. "This time, our nation has already detected that the entrance to the secret land, Devil Valley, will open somewhere in Songhai city. Most importantly, our Grade One students are very fortunate since Secretary Dakang of the Alliance of Ten Thousand Schools has given his personal endorsement for Number 60 High School's Grade One summer camp this year to be held in Devil Valley."

What kind of amazing news was this...

All the students were extremely astonished.

To be able to see Devil Valley with their own eyes, the legendary Beast King's Remains... this was truly a rare stroke of luck that could only happen serendipitously.

If Teacher Pan hadn't announced this herself, no one would have believed it, not even if Guo Hao was the first to hear inklings of it and break the news in class.

Old Pan smiled. "This is a stroke of luck for each of you. I hope you will make use of this summer camp opportunity. Peanut, come to my office after class to collect the notices on the summer camp for distribution. Everyone go home and ask your parents to sign it."

"Will it be dangerous?"

"It won't. Since this activity involves all Grade One students, all Grade One teachers will go to protect everyone," Teacher Pan said. She didn't mention one thing, and that was who would be leading the operation this time. The chief commander of the operation wasn't the Alliance of Ten Thousand Schools, but Huaxiu Alliance — Huaxiu Alliance of Cultivators.

This was the highest authority in charge of all the light forces in the whole of Huaxiu nation. Data registration and records on the light forces were collated under Huaxiu Alliance, which directly regulated light forces nationwide.

The immediate leaders were the head of state and the Ten Generals who had founded Huaxiu nation.

If there was a security issue, Huaxiu Alliance would directly intervene, so Teacher Pan actually thought that the school teachers going along was redundant...

No one had expected the summer camp this time to actually be in Devil Valley. This matter also spread after class, first to Grade Two and Grade Three. Then, with Number 60 High School at the center of the explosion, the other high schools in the whole of Peiyuan district also posted various messages online expressing their envy, jealousy and hate.

Devil Valley was a 5A secret land. Each time the entrance opened, the state would set up blockades and regulatory controls, and only allow approved scientific experts to enter accompanied by an inspection team in order to collect intelligence data inside Devil Valley.

Therefore, it wasn't a place you could enter whenever you wanted; the inspection team would go through stringent regulations and examinations each time in order to control the number of people who went in.

Hence, a lot of people didn't understand why the Alliance of Ten Thousand Schools would directly make Devil Valley the site for the summer camp.

When school was over, Guo Hao suddenly said, "A lot of people are now saying that the remains we will be visiting might be fake. What do you think?"

Su Xiao: "I actually also think they might be fake... There are a lot of extinct resources inside Devil Valley, how can they let us Foundation Establishment students enter?"

"Not necessarily..."

Chen Chao refuted. "I feel like this activity was arranged for some reason; maybe the higher-ups are using us as a secret weapon."

Guo Hao didn't understand. "Secret weapon? What do you mean?"

"Think about it..."

Chen Chao broke it down. "Last time at our spirit sword exchange meet, it was the end of Shadow Stream. Then there was the military training for six schools, and it was the end of the old devil... This time it's a combined summer camp..."

When Chen Chao spoke up to this point, every single person in class started to feel scared after some careful thought.

Indeed, Number 60 High School really was a secret weapon...





Chapter 617 To Be Or Not to Be


Even Wang Ling never expected Devil Valley to be openly selected as the site for the school summer camp this time. For this type of 5A state-protected secret land, even specialist teams from state organizations had to go through layers of bureaucratic tape, and even then their applications might not necessarily be approved. But this time, Devil Valley had been directly opened as a summer camp site for students, which Wang Ling thought was a little outrageous.

He knew that Luo Chuang had coveted this place for a long time. In order to look for the main ingredient, the "One Thousand Dried Bone," to create a scabbard for Jingke, Luo Chuang had started to make plans to enter Devil Valley several months ago, and had taken an exam for his expert certificate. Luo Chuang had been painstakingly planning this for so long, but in the end this opportunity to enter Devil Valley had fallen into Wang Ling's lap like it was nothing...

Vaguely, Wang Ling had a bad feeling.

He thought what Chen Chao said actually wasn't unreasonable...

Every time they had a group activity, it felt like something big was going to happen...

...

It was now about four o'clock and four full hours had already passed since Xiao Yin left Wenxian Garden.

There had been several traffic jams on the way, and Driver Liu had suggested that they take a detour. Xiao Yin hadn't refused, and as a result, Driver Liu had turned in the opposite direction and taken several winding routes before driving the car down a road which Xiao Yin didn't recognize.

Xiao Yin had already been on guard against this driver when he had gotten into the car. He had then checked online for anything to do with Didi Shun Feng spirit cars recently and had found information on a man called "Bi Mad Devil."

This was a murder suspect currently on the run who had committed a series of rapes, ransom kidnappings and murders...

After comparing and confirming the profile with the online description, Xiao Yin couldn't help sighing on the spot — he was really unlucky!

"It's already been four hours. Haven't we arrived yet?" Xiao Yin was impatient. He didn't know what on earth Driver Liu was up to.

"Almost there, Mr Yin." Liu Zhenhua licked his lips slightly. "The roads were too jammed so we took a detour which is a little longer. If we had taken those congested roads, I'm afraid Mr Yin might not get there even by nightfall."

As the car drove on, Liu Zhenhua looked in the rearview mirror and saw that this "Mr Yin" who looked like a young lady had crossed his arms in the backseat with an impatient expression on his face.

"Mr Yin, don't be anxious, listen to some music first." Liu Zhenhua smiled strangely.

Then, he flicked a small mechanism behind the steering wheel, and instantly, all the doors were secretly sealed tightly shut. He had modified this car, and once this mechanism was triggered, a separate secret lock was activated which silently sealed all the doors tightly shut except for the driver's car door.

Driver Liu then turned on the music, and the car's stereo system started to play a melodious tune, but there was something else mixed into it...

This stereo system had also been modified by Driver Liu and wasn't just a simple stereo system.

Xiao Yin sensed something right away. Focusing his eyes on the stereo system, he could see some fine white powder on the honeycomb-like covers of the stereo system that was shaken loose with the musical beat and which dissolved bit by bit in the air until it disappeared completely.

This was a very covert trick; if your realm was too weak or your power of sight wasn't strong enough, you wouldn't be able to detect it at all.

No wonder the previous reports said that a lot of Golden Core cultivators and even one Nascent Soul cultivator had fallen into this trap; if you weren't vigilant enough, it was very easy to fall for this kind of trick. Seeing the driver suddenly turn on the air-conditioning might make someone wary, but most people wouldn't expect a hallucinogen to be spread through the stereo system.

Once the music played, the hallucinogenic powder would spread with the vibrations of the music, carrying the powder on the air so that it would spread throughout the car.

Seeing that his plan had been smoothly carried out, Liu Zhenhua couldn't help laughing sinisterly in his heart. He had purchased this hallucinogenic powder off the black market at a high price. Even a Nascent Soul cultivator would feel dizzy and wouldn't be able to use spirit energy, so this hallucinogenic powder was also called "Nascent Soul Also Drunk" powder...

Most importantly, furthermore, was that this hallucinogen could be spread in various ways, such as through vibrations, immersions, and so on.

For the best cover possible, Liu Zhenhua had modified his car's stereo system and had installed a separate recess to put the hallucinogenic powder in. As long as the music played, this light hallucinogenic powder would be picked up by the vibrations and dispersed through the small holes of the stereo system into the air.

Even a Nascent Soul cultivator would collapse in five seconds when the air in the car was filled with this hallucinogenic powder.

In that moment, Liu Zhenhua sneered cruelly in his heart.

He looked at the time. Five seconds had flashed past.

But Mr Yin, was completely unharmed...

Liu Zhenhua: "???"

Was it possible that his powder was past its expiry date? That shouldn't be the case...

He had just put this packet of hallucinogenic powder in not long ago, and he had previously confirmed that it had a shelf life of more than three years.

Besides, this was just a Foundation Establishment cultivator; shouldn't he have collapsed with just one whiff?

Xiao Yin crossed his arms and couldn't help laughing in his heart as he gazed at Driver Liu, whose face was full of black question marks.

Then, thirty seconds passed...

Driver Liu saw this "Mr Yin's" smiling face in the rearview mirror and immediately felt a chill.

Xiao Yin: "So you're that 'Bi Mad Devil'?"

Liu Zhenhua narrowed his eyes. "I don't know what Mr Yin is talking about..."

Xiao Yin: "You changed your appearance, and you installed a lot of mechanisms in your car. I've already seen all of them. You did something to your stereo system, didn't you? I saw white powder inside; this is probably a hallucinogen?"

Hearing this, Liu Zhenhua instantly hit the brakes and the harmless smile on his face turned into a fiendish expression as he stared at Xiao Yin. "When did you find out?"

"When I got in the car, I was a little suspicious. On the way, I looked up information online, and confirmed your identity." Xiao Yin spread his hands.

Liu Zhenhua was very curious. "You never thought of running?"

Xiao Yin was even more curious. "Why should I? Clearly, the person who should run is you!"

Liu Zhenhua: "..."

"I was pondering a very philosophical question since just now: to be or not to be? Should I get rid of you? Because whether to cry or not to cry after running into a bad guy, both options won't do any good."

Xiao Yin reviewed the situation with a stern face. "But when I signed a contract with my Master, he already said that I'm not allowed to kill people wantonly. Dying just like that would be too easy a death for a person like you."

"You..." Liu Zhenhua clenched his teeth. He realized that this pretty Mr Yin in front of him wasn't at the Foundation Establishment stage at all, but was a formidable person... He couldn't tell exactly what his realm was, but what he could be sure of was that since his hallucinogenic powder hadn't had any effect, this person was at least a Soul Formation expert!

"Don't move! I've already sealed all the doors shut!" Liu Zhenhua took out a crystal ball from the front of his shirt. "This is a spirit bomb; if I squeeze it, it'll explode. Get out of the car now and we'll act like we never met, or I won't mind burying someone else with me..."

But just as Liu Zhenhua finished speaking, he suddenly felt a stabbing pain in his hand.

Pei !

Xiao Yin directly spat thick phlegm at Liu Zhenhua's hand. In extreme agony, Liu Zhenhua realized that his hand had dissolved along with the spirit bomb!

"Ah..."

Liu Zhenhua screamed in pain as his hand instantly melted like an ice cube at boiling temperatures.

He wanted to make a report!

Uncle police!

A "Silver" person is spitting everywhere1!

1('Yin' from 'Xiao Yin' means silver.)





Chapter 618 Xiao Yin Is Caught Once Again


Driver Liu screamed. His right arm from his hand up to the elbow was instantly dissolved by Xiao Yin's phlegm. The most terrifying thing, moreover, was that though his forearm had been dissolved, the wound wasn't bleeding, and Liu Zhenhua felt a continuous burning pain.

It felt like someone was holding a lit cigarette lighter under the wound, and Liu Zhenhua's face was drained of color.

"Is there anything you want to say?" Xiao Yin looked at Driver Liu with a harmless smile on his face.

While the phlegm he had spat just now seemed like a very casual action, it had in fact been quite a delicate operation.

Xiao Yin could precisely adjust his spitting technique down to the decigram.

He had deliberately controlled his spit just now. Otherwise, Driver Liu would have been directly dissolved on the spot like the two fellow brothers from the Demon Hunters Association back then, without leaving anything behind.

Why didn't he just kill this scumbag driver? Xiao Yin's reason was very clear: It was because his Master didn't like him to kill people wantonly. Another important point was that Xiao Yin thought it would really be too easy a death for such a scumbag.

What went around, came around...

This evil driver, who had already hurt who knew how many boys and girls, probably never expected to suffer this type of retribution.

"Even if you hand me over to the police station, I don't have long to live; I have three months at the most." Liu Zhenhua's face was covered with sweat from the pain and his complexion was deathly pale. "I have a terminal illness, Golden Core cancer..."

"You have a tumor in your golden core?" Xiao Yin was surprised.

"Yes, and it's terminal. It can't be cured." Liu Zhenhua clenched his teeth in agony. His face was very dark. "So before I die, I want to bring some fear to the world, so that it will remember my existence, Bi Mad Devil..."

Golden Core cancer was a terminal illness and the only type of cancer for which there was no cure. If it was just an organ that had been pathologically infected, modern cultivation medicine could already completely take care of it. But it wasn't the same for Golden Core cancer, which involved a lot of difficult problems. If a Golden Core cultivator's golden core was shattered, they actually couldn't live for very long. So if the golden core was directly removed, this would probably be even more painful for a Golden Core cultivator than dying right away.

Once the golden core was removed, the progression of the disease could be stopped, but a person's lifespan would be greatly shortened. The most critical point of all was that after the removal of the golden core, a person would no longer be able to cultivate.

Thus, the most perfect solution would be to directly kill the infected tissue inside the golden core without affecting the golden core itself. But this had always been the medical conundrum.

In any case, the chances that a cultivator's golden core would be pathologically affected was actually very low.

The odds were one in a hundred million...

And Liu Zhenhua was that "winner" in a hundred million people.

Some hateful people were pitiful, but while it was true that Liu Zhenhua was a pitiful person, Xiao Yin didn't think he deserved any sympathy at all.

Everyone would have to pay for whatever they did sooner or later.

There was a saying which Xiao Yin thought was very true: every person had a different way of finding their place in the world. Those who did good enjoyed a good reputation among the people while those who did evil became notorious... Both were ways of being remembered.

Unfortunately, what was recorded and passed on were always the righteous deeds that promoted virtue. So if you wanted to rely on "notoriety" to make a name for yourself in the cultivation circle, you should never say that you were part of the cultivation world, since that world would never take any notice of you.

Xiao Yin pursed his lips, then bit his finger and hurriedly squeezed out a drop of blood before the wound healed itself. He straight away popped the blood into Liu Zhenhua's mouth.

With a pained expression on his face, Driver Liu asked suspiciously, "What did you do?"

"Nothing, just prolonged your life." Xiao Yin spread his hands.

Of course, he couldn't do anything about an illness which even modern cultivation medicine couldn't cure. However, he could use his holy beast blood to prolong the other party's life.

Liu Zhenhua tasted blood.

But strangely, the moment the blood entered his body, his illness seemed to be alleviated quite a bit.

The tremors caused by his diseased golden core that would come and go from time to time disappeared. Not only that, even the burning sensation in the stump of his melted right forearm eased up.

That drop of holy beast blood would keep Liu Zhenhua alive for another ten years.

Liu Zhenhua was pale with fright. "Who on earth are you..."

A mouthful of phlegm had caused him to fall off a cliff, while one drop of blood had brought him back to life... At that moment, Liu Zhenhua realized the disparity in absolute strength; this Mr Yin could easily do whatever he wanted to him.

This guy wasn't a normal person at all.

"Reflect on yourself. I'm calling the police now, and you can spend your final days in prison with soap 1 and your fellow inmates." Xiao Yin crossed his arms with a serious expression.

1(Refers to 'dropping the soap' as a metaphor for anal sex..) Liu Zhenhua sensed that things weren't looking good, but when he tried to get out of the car, he discovered that he couldn't move his body at all as an oppressive force rendered him immobile.

Compared with "Mr Yin," his weak-ass fighting strength wasn't even in the same dimension.

However, just as Xiao Yin was about to take out his cell phone to call the police, he suddenly heard the undulating sound of sirens on the road...

"..."

Xiao Yin was surprised. He couldn't be that lucky, right?

Two motorcycles directly drove past to stop in front of Liu Zhenhua's car. Then a police officer in uniform got out of a police car which had stopped behind Liu Zhenhua's car. The officer went over to a car window and knocked on it. "Get out, both of you! Routine inspection!"

When Liu Zhenhua saw the uniform, his pupils contracted slightly and his body went limp right away like a deflated balloon - it was over! Everything was over!

This was the traffic police; no cars were allowed to pull over on this road. Liu Zhenhua guessed that he had stopped here too long, which was why he had caught their attention.

Xiao Yin rolled down the window and smiled at the officer. "Hi..."

The officer took a look inside and noticed that the driver's expression wasn't right, and he frowned. "Mr Driver, please show me your ID."

Liu Zhenhua's brow furrowed tightly and he looked like he was ready to die.

The police officer already knew something was up. "Since it's like this, please come with us. And..."

After saying that, the officer looked at Xiao Yin. "This young lady, please come with us, too."

Xiao Yin: "..."

...

Seven o'clock in the evening, Anning District Cultivation Police Station, Songhai city.

Xiao Yin was at this familiar police station once again.

Unlike the previous two times, he wasn't handcuffed this time. The people at the station were already familiar with this "frequent visitor." A police little sister even enthusiastically made Xiao Yin a cup of tea.

Sitting inside the interrogation room with the tea in his hands, Xiao Yin didn't wait very long before Officer Gao Tian, who had taken Xiao Yin's statement the previous two times, pushed the door open and walked in.

At the sight of Xiao Yin, Officer Gao's face couldn't help twitching... Why was it this guy again?!

Seeing Officer Gao open his little notebook, Xiao Yin promptly started to introduce himself with a familiar air. "Name, Xiao Yin. Gender, male. Single, no bad habits. Favorite things to do are eat, binge-watch shows and play games."

It was the same process as the previous two times; Xiao Yin was too familiar with it.

Officer Gao raised his eyes to look at Xiao Yin. "Why did you take a car?"

Xiao Yin was very honest. "I wanted to go buy myself a collar."

Officer Gao was taken aback. "..." He somehow felt like he had learned something disastrous...





Chapter 619 Is Secretary Yan's Chest Hard?


"Officer Gao, are you thinking about something very obscene?" Xiao Yin cupped his chin as he felt that something wasn't right with Officer Gao's expression.

His face had clearly been very solemn just now, but why was it suddenly flushed? He was definitely thinking about something dirty.

There were only a few reasons why a person would blush. Although Xiao Yin had never watched anything obscene before (mainly because Thunder wouldn't let him...), he still knew some things.

Shamed by the question, Officer Gao was at a loss for words. He indeed had thought of something indecent... but after all, buying a collar for yourself didn't have to mean that you were looking for "thrills."

Doing his best to compose himself, Officer Gao asked, "Were you buying yourself a collar because you hurt your neck?"

He recalled the collars for recovery purposes that had appeared on the market previously which were used to protect the spine, so not all "collars" were indecent.

Just like stir-fried noodles with sea cucumbers; some were of decent quality, and some not.

Or take authors as another example. They could also be separated into decent ones and those who slacked off...

Yes, that had to be it! It was his thinking that was twisted!

As an upright police officer who served the people with all his heart and soul, how could his thoughts wander like that?! Gao Tian ah! You gotta pull yourself together, Gao Tian!

However, Xiao Yin swiftly shook his head. "No, I want to buy a collar so that my owner, my Master can walk me on a leash on the streets!"

Master...

Owner...

On a leash...

And on the streets...

Officer Gao: "Erm... Mr Xiao Yin, when you say owner..."

It went without saying that if you didn't know about Xiao Yin's real identity at all and looked at the situation purely from a human being's point of view, there were indeed plenty of connotations that came to mind.

Officer Gao thought that things weren't looking good for him; this "Silver" in front of him was a little troublesome...

"Owner? Owner is my Master, he's very strong! It's like the lyrics say..." Xiao Yin suddenly thought of the lyrics of a song that was popular recently.

Officer Gao: "What lyrics?"

Xiao Yin directly sang, "This older brother has been working on his chest, if you still want to lean on it 1 ..."

1(From Jay Chou's song "If You Don't Love Me, I'll Be Fine.") Officer Gao: "..."

Xiao Yin: "My owner's chest is for me to lean on!"

Officer Gao: "..."

...

This incident was slightly more troublesome than the previous two, because the Driver Liu that had been caught wasn't some bystander, but the "Bi Mad Devil" who had been stirring up trouble recently. Now, "Bi Mad Devil" had been arrested just like that, and moreover had lost his right forearm; there was no way Xiao Yin could get away from not becoming involved.

In theory, Xiao Yin had acted heroically for a just cause, but he had been a little heavy-handed. Actually, it was difficult to determine to what extent exactly he was liable for the injury.

However, when Liu Zhenhua had been detained at the time and had entered the police station with his head covered, the media and bystanders that had been circling around nearby, as well as the police staff maintaining order at the scene, had vented their anger and felt that the hero who had "cut off" Liu Zhenhua's arm had done a truly beautiful job!

By the time Lord Thunder found out Xiao Yin was at the police station, it was after six in the evening...

Lord Thunder had had a bad premonition before, and as expected, it came true!

"Hello, is that Mr Thunder? Brother Xiao Yin is at our police station again..." Officer Gao called Lord Thunder in a practiced move. In fact, when Xiao Yin had come the second time, Officer Gao had very resourcefully saved Lord Thunder's phone number into his phone address book.

After being a police officer for a long time, you would develop a very strange type of intuition. Take Officer Gao, for example. He could identify those who would wind up in the police station from time to time, and reality had proven him absolutely right.

Lord Thunder: "What did he do this time? Spit again?"

No one else knew Xiao Yin as well as he did.

"Well..."

Officer Gao sighed deeply. "The suspect we arrested this time said that Mr Xiao Yin dissolved his arm with a mouthful of phlegm. This is probably some kind of spell, right?"

Lord Thunder nodded. "That's right, Officer Gao, you can think of it that way." In fact, it wasn't a spell, but was Xiao Yin's own ability as a holy beast... However, Xiao Yin's identity had to be kept strictly under wraps for the time being, so this type of misunderstanding actually wasn't bad.

"As I thought, it's a spell. But Mr Xiao Yin insisted that it's his own ability..." On the phone, Officer Gao was gloomy.

Lord Thunder: "..."

Officer Gao: "If Mr Xiao Yin's phlegm really has this kind of ability, and he gets chronic pharyngitis later on, who would dare kiss him? One kiss and your tongue would disappear!"

Lord Thunder: "..."

Officer Gao continued, "Mr Lord Thunder, the current situation is like this: the suspect Liu Zhenhua now believes that he has been disabled by Xiao Yin's phlegm and wants Mr Xiao Yin to be held legally accountable for it."

"He dares?"

Lord Thunder was stunned. This perverted driver had done so many shocking things, but still dared to bite back - how shameless could he be?!

Officer Gao: "Mr Xiao Yin's way of handling it indeed helped to vent a lot of anger, but if the matter truly is pursued, the other party may indeed attempt to hold him responsible for an excessive use of force in self-defense."

Suddenly, Lord Thunder's expression turned severe. "Do you know Secretary Yan? Xiao Yin is his man!"

"Secretary Yan..."

For some reason, after hearing the words "Secretary Yan 2 ," Officer Gao suddenly felt his head tremble.

2(Probably an allusion to a strange story of a woman invoking a "Secretary Yan" to bully and intimidate staff at her child's kindergarten ..) Mr Xiao Yin was some leader's man?

Officer Gao pondered in his heart.

Combined with Xiao Yin's previous statement... Master... collar... on the streets...

Officer Gao instantly felt a chill as his entire body shuddered.

Fuck! Had he just learned something outrageous...?

The long silence made Lord Thunder frown. "Officer Gao, are you alright? Why aren't you speaking?"

Officer Gao sweated. "Mr Lord Thunder, can I ask you a question...?"

Lord Thunder: "Speak your mind, Officer Gao."

Officer Gao: "Is Secretary Yan's chest hard or not?"

Lord Thunder: "..."

...

By the time Xiao Yin gave his statement and Lord Thunder brought him out of the police station, it was already seven in the evening.

Given how vile the "Bi Mad Devil incident" was plus the mysterious-sounding "Secretary Yan," Anning District Cultivation Police Station concluded that Xiao Yin's mouthful of phlegm was "reasonable self-defense," and the condition was that Xiao Yin had to cooperate with the police later and then testify in court.

Of course, there was also the standard "A Heroic and Great Citizen" silk banner and media interview combo, which Lord Thunder declined on Xiao Yin's behalf; he thought it was still better for them to keep a low profile.

On the road, when Xiao Yin heard Lord Thunder talk about what he had gone through earlier, he was puzzled. "Secretary Yan? Who is this Secretary Yan?"

Lord Thunder: "I randomly made him up."

Xiao Yin: "..."





Chapter 620 Brother Gluten and Wandering Poet


That Friday evening, Wang Ling brought back the notification form for the summer camp in Devil Valley "Beast King's Remains" and went to find Father Wang to get it signed. Like before, Father Wang didn't even look at it before he brandished a pen elegantly and signed his name "Wang Jiao" in one smooth flourish; what was impressive was that he had joined the characters together in cursive writing without lifting the pen off the paper.

When Wang Ling looked at Father Wang's signature, it was still the same as before: he couldn't make out the two characters as "Wang Jiao" at all. He sighed in the depths of his heart; when all was said and done, this was a senior artist in the online novels circle!

After signing, Father Wang put down the pen and returned the notification form to Wang Ling. "Learn my signature, you can sign this type of form yourself in the future. Also, the same rules apply to this activity: be a little more low-key in doing things, and if you encounter any danger, remember to leave the other party alive. You've already put three people in jail; you can think about sending another in for them to play mahjong."

Wang Ling: "..."

Then, Wang Ling watched as Father Wang turned around in his chair and began typing. Wang Ling didn't pay attention to the content on the screen. In any case, it didn't seem like Father Wang was typing his manuscript, but was writing something else instead.

After returning to his bedroom and putting away the notification form, Wang Ling used his King Eye to take a peek through the door and realized that Father Wang was putting together an article for his official account. As a top-level guru on the Internet, the numbers on his official account were unlike those on other platforms. Basically, every article he published would get millions of views.

But Father Wang very rarely took the time to write articles for the official account; it was already pretty good if he wrote one or two articles a month. Given this type of target audience, Father Wang would write short stories off the top of his head based on recent popular events. Some were full of warmth, some were funny, and some were satirical... Among the several short stories Father Wang had released, the one that got the most hits at more than ten million views was the one titled: "Wang Situ's Imagining of Brother Gluten and Wandering Poet 1 ."

1("Brother Gluten" is the nickname of a man who went viral on social media after being interviewed during a "Voice of China" audition. Describing himself as a wandering singer, he previously encountered a beggar picking through rubbish who wound up traveling with him, and whom netizens dubbed "Wandering Poet .. ") Crafting this type of creative short story was a lot harder than those "chicken soup writings"!

A brief introduction to "Brother Gluten and Wandering Poet": This was the story of a beggar poet who survived by picking through rubbish for things to eat and who encountered and got to know Brother Gluten, a roadside singer. It was just like the lyrics of that song: "Happily eating my gluten in the morning, I met this brother who was eating rubbish... What he eats is rubbish, what he thinks about is the past. I dare not imagine what he went through before... Bake the gluten, tell me what's in your heart, bake away all your years of grievances and vicissitudes..."

Recalling this summary of the short story, Wang Ling remembered hearing the song that was featured in it. When Father Wang had finished writing the lyrics back then, his powerful book friends had immediately created a cover song.

This short story, which was a creative adaptation of true events by Father Wang, was still fresh in Wang Ling's mind.

In the story, Brother Gluten, who dreamt of becoming a musician, met a beggar poet brother. When he saw this beggar brother picking through rubbish on the roadside for something to eat, Brother Gluten felt very distressed, and thus took this beggar brother along with him to take part in a music audition for "The Voice of Cultivation."

The two brothers met, grew to know each other, and encouraged and supported each other. Whenever Brother Gluten was feeling frustrated, the beggar brother would recite poetry to him and help open the depths of his heart...

After three years of endless effort, Brother Gluten finally won the third season of "The Voice of Cultivation" competition. However, it was during that shining moment that his best brother Wandering Poet chose to leave without saying goodbye...

For many years, in order to find this brother of his, Brother Gluten used the money he made from his music career to invest in a large amount of cultivation resources and to travel around looking for clues on his beggar brother Wandering Poet.

While missing him, Brother Gluten not only sang and cultivated, but also remembered to cultivate his gluten baking techniques to their utmost. The day he found his poet beggar brother, he wanted to use his most developed technique to bake gluten for his brother to eat...

Later, Brother Gluten's actions moved an Almighty named Daoist Mieba. Daoist Mieba told him that there was a spell to instantly make the person he missed most appear in front of him, but Brother Gluten would have to collect different spirit stones representing power, time, space, soul, reality and heart.

For over ten years, Brother Gluten traversed the entire world to gather these six precious stones. Finally, he ground them into powder and mixed it into the flour for baking gluten to create an Infinity Gluten Glove.

In the final scene in the story, the excited Brother Gluten recalled his past with beggar Wandering Poet, and snapped his fingers...

And then, there was nothing...

That was how the story ended.

No one knew whether Brother Gluten, after snapping his fingers, was really able to find that brother whom he missed the most, like Daoist Mieba said he would.

No one knew whether these fellow brothers ever saw each other again.

More than that, no one knew whether Brother Gluten's diligent training paid off; cultivating his gluten baking techniques to their utmost for the sake of making the ultimate gluten when the two brothers met again, no one knew if it turned out delicious or not...

Anyway, Wang Ling remembered it was an open ending at the time, which gave Father Wang's story an awesome twist.

But now, it seemed that Father Wang was writing a sequel to "Brother Gluten and Wandering Poet."

Wang Ling secretly took a look at it in his bedroom. What was it like to be the son of a smash hit writer? He could read the new stuff first before anyone else...

It was obvious that Father Wang had already been thinking about this plot for a long time. He didn't get the least bit stuck as he typed. Roughly an hour later, he finished writing the short story.

As Father Wang checked it for any typos, Wang Ling took the opportunity to read the sequel, "Brother Gluten and Wandering Poet 2."

In this story, Father Wang revealed the reason why Wandering Poet had left without saying goodbye back then.

The second story said: The day before Brother Gluten won the competition that year, Wandering Poet learned that someone meant Brother Gluten harm. In order to protect his good brother, Wandering Poet prayed before a barbecue stall and was willing to become unable to eat gluten for the rest of his life in exchange for Brother Gluten's safety...

This act moved Daoist Mieba, who showed up and gave Wandering Poet a solution.

As long as Wandering Poet was willing to split himself into six spirit stones representing power, time, space, soul, reality and soul, he would be able to bring out the fullest power of his prayer request.

If one day a person could gather the six stones together and create a glove from it, Wandering Poet could be brought back to life with one snap of the fingers.

The price, however, was that the person who snapped their fingers...

Would become the six new spirit stones instead...





Chapter 621 Clues On Primordial Qi


When Wang Ling read this ending, it was as if he could already see Father Wang's sequel being shared fanatically. This was a thought-provoking ending tinged with some tragedy, but Father Wang didn't say that this was the conclusion. Wang Ling thus expected that there would be a third or even fourth instalment in the future.

To tell the truth, he was actually looking forward to this story.

Unfortunately, Father Wang posted new articles on his official account at long intervals. As a top-level online guru, he didn't need to post articles on hot issues to draw attention like other official accounts that wanted to trend.

Also, Wang Ling had heard Father Wang previously mention some official accounts that tried to grab attention in any way possible. Take an official account called Double Dose of Sugar, for example, which had already shut down; it had died as quickly as it had risen, all for the sake of obtaining over one hundred thousand views. In Father Wang's view, doing everything in your power to grab attention for the sake of more than one hundred thousand views wasn't worth it.

In comparison, Wang Ling suddenly felt Father Wang's image grow even larger.

Even though there were long intervals between each of Father Wang's post, each article easily got more than a million views.

Many people lived every day with a particular hope. A small target of one hundred million1 might not be achievable, but at the very least they should make enough to make themselves happy. To smile with happiness and contentment every day, and to face tomorrow with a smile - this had always been Father Wang's original reason for writing novels.

1(From an interview with one of China's richest men, Wang Jianlin, whose advice for young people wanting to get rich was "You shouldn't be that ambitious. Set a small target first, like earning 100 million RMB .. ") At this thought, Wang Ling inevitably started to ponder what his own hopes were.

At present, he probably couldn't realize his small target of perfect control over the primordial qi which resided in his body; for now, what was possible was to have gluten-flavored crispy noodle snacks! After reading Father Wang's story about Brother Gluten, Wang Ling suddenly felt like eating baked gluten for some reason.

Back when he had accepted Zhuo Yi as his disciple, Zhuo Yi had given him a gold card for a flagship store. Every month, Wang Ling could get a special flavor crispy noodle snack made to order. Wang Ling decided to use this month's allotment for the baked gluten flavor.

He sent his request to the VIP e-mail address given on the gold card, and a customer service little sister from the flagship store replied very quickly: "Esteemed Mr Wang Ling, we have received your request. A box of your made-to-order baked gluten crispy noodle snacks will be ready in a few days and we will send it to you in the quickest way possible."

Perfect!

Just looking at this message was enough to fill Wang Ling with immense satisfaction.

Recently, a lot of things had been happening at the same time. When people felt troubled, it was easy to convert that worry into a craving for food. Eating crispy noodle snacks was one form of stress relief for Wang Ling, but that didn't mean that his troubles would be solved just like that.

After sending the text, Wang Ling carefully sorted out his thoughts.

There were now several issues at hand.

The first was President Bai of the Demon Hunters Association who was on the run.

The second was the mysterious informant who had exposed the Demon Hunters Association, President Bai as well as the power that was behind them.

Wang Ming had previously tracked down the location of this informant, who had sent the information from Number 60 High School's computer room. But currently, Wang Ling still hadn't discovered who this person was.

The third issue was the "angler" whom Er Ha and Immortal Zhenyuan had learned about from Demon Saint on top of the Holy Pillar in the demon world. Of all the people Wang Ling had encountered before, this angler was the most dangerous, because the other party was clearly very skilled at controlling primordial qi.

The fourth and final issue was the upcoming summer camp which Wang Ling would be participating in.

Wang Ling had actually thought nothing of it at first, but after what Chen Chao had inexplicably said, he suddenly felt like he was going to be "scammed" once again in this activity. Chen Chao's mouth was typically "blessed," and there were times you just couldn't not believe it.

While he was deep in thought, Wang Ling suddenly sensed a pair of hands pop out of thin air to cover his eyes, followed by a fully evil laugh. "Guess who!"

Wang Ling: "..."

It was Wang Ming's voice!

This guy had used his projection to come here again!

Wang Ling pushed the fingers on his face away and stared at the young man in front of him with an expressionless face.

Lying on the floor, Er Ha lazily opened its eyes.

"Surprised?!"

When Wang Ling turned around, he saw Wang Ming flash his white teeth at him in a grin.

In less than four short days, Wang Ming had once again made groundbreaking headway in the Heavenly-E Satellite virtual body projection technology. Last time, Wang Ming could actually already remotely materialize the fingers on his virtual body; meeting again today, Wang Ling realized that Wang Ming could already materialize his entire arms!

Looking at Wang Ling's amazed expression, Wang Ming smiled. "I estimate that I should be able to completely materialize my upper torso by the end of next month."

The corner of Wang Ling's mouth twitched; this rate of progress was too fast...

But Wang Ming backtracked as he said, "Actually, this technology still isn't very developed. I might be able to completely materialize both arms now, but I actually can't maintain it for very long." Right after Wang Ming said this, Wang Ling saw these materialized arms wither like flowers and fade away; from beginning to end, it seemed that they couldn't hold for more than a minute.

Wang Ming had the expression of one who had already foreseen it. "See!"

Wang Ling: "..."

"Even if I can materialize my upper torso in the future, the duration is in fact a problem." Wang Ming's satellite projection sighed. "Of course, I didn't come looking for you today about this. Remember when I had you collect some of that energy source on Drought Star with the energy collector? The assessment result is out."

"Hm?"

Both Wang Ling and Er Ha raised their eyes with eerily identical expressions.

"The data report is still in the lab, so I'll tell you first."

Wang Ming cupped his chin and said, "The energy source in the collector is without doubt primordial qi. It's not as dense as the one extracted from your body, but a comparison shows that they basically tally with the characteristics of primordial qi. Furthemore, this primordial qi is a little strange; there seems to be some other matter mixed into it, and it doesn't seem like the primordial qi of a human cultivator..."

"You can even determine that?" Er Ha was a little astounded.

"Of course," Wang Ming said. "Even between cultivators and spirit beasts, there are minute differences in their spirit energy. To be more precise, all energy sources have small differences because they operate in different ways.

"But these differences are very subtle, and can only be detected either through Almighty-level powers of perception or by using instruments. But what's very strange is that this primordial qi doesn't seem to be from a human or a spirit beast."

When he said this, both Wang Ling and Er Ha became lost in deep thought. For some reason, they suddenly had a bad feeling as they recalled the prehistoric vicious beasts bred by that mysterious angler...





Chapter 622 Three Views-Shattering Hammer


If the origin of this primordial qi was the prehistoric vicious beasts bred by that mysterious angler, that meant that this angler had once released this beast on Drought Star. Given the current situation, Immortal Zhenyuan, who was repairing Drought Star at the moment, might be in danger.

Both Wang Ling and Er Ha thought of this point at the same time. They couldn't help furrowing their brows and cupping their chins as they pondered.

Wang Ming didn't know what these two guys were thinking about, but thought that this was an amusing scene.

It was said that a dog which had been raised for a while would start to behave like its owner.

It was obvious that Er Ha and Wang Ling's master and servant relationship had already reached a deep level of mutual understanding.

Their expressions and actions were the same even when they were thinking!

Wang Ling gave a heartfelt sigh. "Lingzi, your family's Er Ha is starting to be more and more like you!"

Wang Ling: "..."

Er Ha: "..."

...

Wang Ming didn't dare stay for too long, since the satellite remote projection technology wasn't advanced enough yet. Also, this technology hadn't been completely made public; the reason Wang Ming could use it was because he had the patent card for it, that is, an authority card - there were times when you could indeed do whatever you wanted when you had authority.

But when all was said and done, this wasn't quite a compliant operation. With so many people watching him closely in the lab recently, he didn't really want to cause Old Qi any trouble. So each time Wang Ming used the projection technology to remotely project his image, he didn't dare stay away for too long. That was because Zhai Yin was monitoring him... if he was caught, he would definitely be reported.

He realized that Zhai Yin was actually the type of person to hold a grudge; all this time, she still remembered how he refused to eat her pork chops.

Wang Ming had initially thought that their relationship had improved a little. But since the last time when Old Qi had been sent to the hospital and Zhai Yin hadn't been allowed to cook in the lab anymore, she had grown colder toward Wang Ming by the day... He didn't need to be able to sense auras; as long as he suddenly felt a chill, Zhai Yin would definitely be nearby in a ten-meter range.

Although he was unwilling to admit it, he had to concede that he was a little affected by Zhai Yin.

Wang Ming was resigned to the fact that his mind, while able to decrypt highly complex equations in a flash, just couldn't make sense of emotions... the worst was when he wound up in a cold war with other people.

He remembered arguing with Wang Ling as a child, and how Wang Ling liked to give him the cold shoulder. Wang Ming recalled that each time, he was the one who swallowed his pride first and apologized. For one thing, he hated the silent treatment. For another thing, he thought that in any case, he was the older brother, so it didn't hurt to give way to his younger brother after calming down.

But the problem now was that it was Zhai Yin who was giving him the cold shoulder, and he suddenly felt at a loss.

How should he handle this?

Apologize?

But the problem was that he didn't think he had done anything wrong.

Before Wang Ming left, Er Ha noticed his vexed expression and looked at him. "Did you quarrel with Miss Zhai?"

"No..." Wang Ming waved his hands; he actually didn't know if this could be considered a quarrel or not. She stuck very close to him to protect him, but she was clearly in much lower spirits than she used to be.

Wang Ming sighed and spread his hands. "Ever since Old Qi banned her from cooking, she started to give me the cold shoulder... I don't know why, since I haven't offended her."

"How long has it been?"

"Almost a week..."

Er Ha thought a bit. "Think carefully, could it have been some small thing you did to offend her?"

"How would I dare?"

Aggrieved, Wang Ming looked at Er Ha with a serious expression. "Also, let me tell you, I even consoled her."

"..."

Hearing this, Wang Ming was taken aback. This dumbass straight guy could actually comfort someone?

Er Ha: "... How did you console her?"

Wang Ming: "I had her drink a lot of warm water 1 ."

1(Based on the joke that any physical discomfort a girl feels can be fixed by drinking warm water, and turned into a meme in which a boyfriend's approach to resolving any type of conflict with his girlfriend is to give her warm water to drink..) Er Ha: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

...

Taking into consideration the fact that Immortal Zhenyuan might be in danger, Wang Ling and Er Ha discussed countermeasures that night. They couldn't be one hundred percent sure that the primordial qi was from a prehistoric vicious beast that was being raised by the mysterious angler.

However, it made sense to take preventive action, and Wang Ling felt that he should set up basic safety measures for Immortal Zhenyuan.

Once again, he opened the Eight Classes of Divine Weapons . This was the only original copy in the world, and which had been a gift from Father Wang's "strongest fan." Last time, Wang Ling had refined a pile of Soul Suppression Rings and had unexpectedly created one of rare world-defying quality.

Taking into account how dangerous those prehistoric beasts which the angler kept were, if Wang Ling was going to forge a magic weapon for Immortal Zhenyuan, then his first choice was one that was fiercer than these dangerous prehistoric beasts.

Thus, Wang Ling's gaze finally settled on a hammer-type magic weapon. This magic weapon was very unusual; it wasn't meant for long-term use and there was a limit to the number of times it could be used. In comparison, the Soul Suppression Ring which he had previously given to Thunder was a permanent magic weapon.

Generally speaking, this type of magic weapon could store energy, and spirit energy could be accumulated inside it. Once there was a need for it, the spirit energy could be released in one go, creating an explosive effect.

Er Ha's eyes lit up with understanding.

To explain it in simpler terms, this type of magic treasure could be viewed as a trump card.

"What's this hammer's origin?" Er Ha couldn't help asking.

Wang Ling crooked his finger and the page flipped over, and one man and one dog looked at the information on this hammer-type magic weapon.

Name of Magic Weapon: Three Views-Shattering Hammer

Main Material: Passion Iron

Maker: A stinky and shameless damn fatty with the surname Luo who knows nothing about iron

Maker's Description: Life doesn't stop, courting death without end; perhaps this isn't the most perfect magic weapon, but it contains all my passion as Luo Chuang.

Er Ha: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

Passion iron?

What was that...

Looking it up on its phone, Er Ha discovered that the grade of this passion iron wasn't low, and even surpassed that of the magnetic stone which Lord Thunder had brought previously.

Although passion iron still existed, it was very hard to obtain and was probably only sold on some cultivation black market. But the problem was... where was Little Master Ling going to get the money?

"Where can we get a passion stone?" Er Ha was baffled.

Without saying a word, Wang Ling used spirit energy to directly draw a smooth and round magic array on the floor with golden lines.

When this magic array took shape, Er Ha stared closely at it. "This is..." It felt like it had seen this array somewhere before.

Wang Ling spoke telepathically. "It's a transmutation array."

Er Ha: "..."

Wang Ling: "Equivalent exchange is the invariant principle which underlies alchemy."

Er Ha: "..."

After saying that, Wang Ling opened the drawer and took out the "Three Five" which he had already done before throwing it into the array.

Er Ha: "..."





Chapter 623 The Culprit is Heavenly Dao


So there was this kind of operation...

Er Ha stared blankly at the scene in front of it.

For the most part, only Little Master Ling was able to use this type of magic array, since the transmutation array's principle of "equivalent exchange" was actually a transaction made with Heavenly Dao. But how many people in the world were qualified to negotiate directly with Heavenly Dao and make a deal?

Even if a person knew how to draw the transmutation array and had an offering for the transaction, the Heavenly Dao might not necessarily respond.

But Er Ha was a little baffled; since they could use a transmutation array, then why had they needed Lord Thunder to specially bring a magnetic stone the last time?

At that moment, Wang Ling looked at Er Ha and very clearly heard its thoughts. He instantly said telepathically, "Because I hadn't finished doing the test papers back then."

"..."

Realization dawned on Er Ha.

So that was it...

It did understand this reasoning.

But why was Wang Ling using these completed "Three Five" test papers to make a deal with Heavenly Dao?!

Frankly speaking, Er Ha didn't think these "Three Five" test papers were an equivalent exchange for the invaluable "passion stone"- one passion stone was priceless, and worth so much more than the "Three Five" test papers sold in cultivation education bookstores everywhere.

Could one set of "Three Five" test papers buy a 150- ping 1 house in the city's second ring? Of course not... but a passion stone could!

1(One ping is roughly 35.6 sq feet.) With five of them, you could even buy a four- ping toilet in the first ring.

This, was the difference!

But in the end, Er Ha underestimated the value of these "Three Five" test papers.

Not long after these test papers were thrown into the array, Er Ha saw them turn into golden light particles which disappeared into thin air. The Heavenly Dao had actually accepted them...

After a short moment, the center of the transmutation array glimmered with light, and a little three-inch man glowing with light floated into existence.

"You are..." Gaze fixed on the little man, Er Ha was extremely amazed, and felt like someone was pulling hard at its heart.

Er Ha had a vague answer in its mind, but it didn't dare believe it at all and didn't even dare speak.

The three-inch man didn't speak, but a voice rang out in Er Ha's mind. "I am Heaven, I am Dao, I am god, I am also the world..." There was neither sorrow nor joy in this tone, but a supreme dignity which made all of Er Ha's green fur stand on end.

The tiny man wasn't doing it deliberately, but his power caused one to feel fear in the depths of their soul.

Wang Ling raised an eyebrow, then crouched down to gently stroke Er Ha, who promptly felt its anxiety disappear as its breathing gradually settled.

Er Ha actually hadn't dared confirm it earlier, but after what the golden three-inch man said, it was already certain of the answer in its heart - this golden three-inch man was none other than the embodiment of the will of the Three Thousand Great Spells!

Also known as the embodiment of the will of Heavenly Dao!

That nerve-wracking power just now was still vivid in Er Ha's mind. Since it had the power of Sword Dao in its body, it was highly sensitive to Heavenly Dao. And reality proved that it wasn't just Er Ha that was affected; it noticed that in Little Master Ling's room, the two gremlins Pen and Eraser on the table, Pillow Immortal on the bed, and Lord Ma in the toilet were all trembling slightly at the same time.

Er Ha was well aware that all the gremlins enchanted by Little Master Ling had Heavenly Dao in their bodies, so their reactions weren't strange.

After calming Er Ha down, Wang Ling softly patted Er Ha's butt and had it move to one side to allow Wang Ling to sit down cross-legged across from the golden three-inch man.

It was an especially mystical scene that didn't seem real.

There wasn't the slightest change in Wang Ling's expression and he didn't give anything away even in the face of the golden three-inch man.

Who could endure the massive spiritual pressure of encountering Heavenly Dao face to face?

Er Ha exclaimed admiringly in its heart; for the most part, only Little Master Ling could do so.

This was actually a truly stunning scene. For those in particular who had grasped one or more Heavenly Dao, they would be sensitive enough to Heavenly Dao that the pressure or shock would be exacerbated for them.

Er Ha initially wanted to take a photo of this scene with its phone to show Xiao Yin how powerful their owner was, but Er Ha was depressed when it realized that its phone didn't have a signal and that it also couldn't go online!

This embodiment of Heavenly Dao as a golden three-inch man probably had the ability to disrupt web connections.

Face to face, neither Wang Ling nor the golden three-inch man said anything, but they entered a small-scale Heavenly Dao field to talk.

This field differed from the Mind-Reading Ability, which was the ability to perceive the other party's thoughts and which could also be used in telepathic communication. In contrast, it was absolutely safe to talk in this small-scale Heavenly Dao field since even the Mind-Reading Ability couldn't be used to find out what the people inside were talking about.

Er Ha also discovered that the Internet wasn't working on its phone, the main reason being that it had been affected by the Heavenly Dao field.

The truth was that this wasn't the golden three-inch man and Wang Ling's first transaction, and they were already very familiar with each other.

Several dozen seconds later, the golden three-inch man spread his hands, and the "Three Five" test papers which Wang Ling had offered up as a sacrifice earlier floated in his hands.

"These papers full of handwritten Heavenly Dao already meet the requirement."

He looked at Wang Ling and asked, "What... crispy noodle snack flavor do you want to change them for?"

Wang Ling had drawn the transmutation array several times before in the past to trade for crispy noodle snacks. The golden three-inch man already seemed very familiar with this youngster's nature.

Wang Ling said telepathically, "I want the passion stone."

The golden three-inch man was blank; he felt that this youngster's taste was a little heavy. "You want... passion stone-flavored crispy noodle snacks?"

Wang Ling: "... Just the passion stone."

Realization dawned on the golden three-inch man and at the same time he was a little excited. After so many years, this youngster had at long last learned to do an exchange for something different...

Actually, when all was said and done, the golden three-inch man felt that he was actually to blame.

He recalled when this youngster in front of him had been a child...

That had been about thirteen years ago...

...

That day, three-year-old Wang Ling had drawn the transmutation array.

The golden three-inch man had shown up, and when he had seen the oil painting which kid Wang Ling had painted, he had been utterly shaken.

He had then cheated Wang Ling out of his oil painting with a crispy noodle snack.

Just like that, three-year-old Wang Ling ate a crispy noodle snack for the first time in his life...

And then, that was it...

After that, Wang Ling would look for him every now and then to do a trade.

Back then, if he hadn't deliberately led this youngster to that crispy noodle snack flagship store, he was afraid he would have been continually "harassed" until now.

Fear still lingered in his heart when the golden three-inch man thought about this.

He had to admit that he was the culprit.

But fortunately, no one else seemed to know about it.





Chapter 624 Make a Deal With Heavenly Dao


Wang Ling remembered how he had suddenly seen the transmutation array for equivalent exchange in a dream, similar to how he gradually came to comprehend Heavenly Dao as he grew older. While very few Heavenly Dao had awakened inside Wang Ling's body when he was three years old, in front of the golden three-inch man, he hadn't felt the slightest bit of fear.

If the golden three-inch man was the embodiment of the will of Heavenly Dao, then who on earth was Wang Ling?

This was a question Wang Ling himself had pondered all this time over the years.

Everything had a cause and effect; there had to be a reason why he could sit face to face like this with the embodiment of the will of Heavenly Dao and not feel the slightest bit of turmoil in his mood.

But Er Ha and the gremlins he had enchanted were agitated, and even felt fear, which was the normal reaction.

This was the will of the Three Thousand Great Spells given form, but even without giving off an aura as he just sat there, Wang Ling already demonstrated the greatest regality.

Although the golden man was only three inches in height, he had energy as vast as the universe.

He was gratified that after thirteen years, the young man in front of him had at long last gotten himself back on the right track.

The passion stone was a very rare stone classified as a grade two stone natural resource, but it wasn't completely extinct yet. One of Wang Ling's handwritten "Three Five" test papers was ample sufficient trade for it.

All natural resources could be categorized from grade one to grade ten.

One handwritten paper from Wang Ling could be traded for an existing grade one resource at most, while an extinct resource would require a higher price.

To sum up, the golden three-inch man had agreed to this transaction.

He promptly stretched out his hand, and with a small glimmer of light, something that looked like brightly colored flowers blossomed in his small palm; they were hexagonal spirit stones that were grayish-blue in color, which were the very passion stones which Wang Ling wanted.

Based on the value of those "Three Five" test papers, the golden three-inch man produced six stones in one go and gave them all to Wang Ling.

Quietly observing this from behind, Er Ha felt that this equivalent exchange array was too convenient; furthermore, they had actually gotten six stones in the trade!

Six?

This was also beyond Wang Ling's expectations. This wasn't the first time he had done the "Three Five" test papers. Actually, he started doing them in middle school; they contained a lot of topics outside the school syllabus, and Wang Ling had learned them on his own to make it easier for him to do transactions with the Heavenly Dao.

Wang Ling's conservative estimate was that he could get three stones in the exchange, which was just enough to create the Three Values-Shattering Hammer. But now he had six stones, and he could make something else with the extra three stones.

It was going to be Wang Ming's birthday soon, and just nice, Wang Ling could use these three passion stones to make permanent armor for him.

"The handwritten papers you offered as sacrifice this time are elite and enhanced versions which are worth five passion stones," said the golden three-inch man.

So upgrading the problems could upgrade their value!

Realization dawned on Wang Ling; it was only today that he was finding out about this.

"As for why you have six stones, the last one is a bonus." The golden three-inch man said indifferently, "After all, this is the first relatively normal transaction that you've made with me after all these years."

Wang Ling: "..."

"By the way, you should know that this equivalent exchange transmutation array... can be used not just to exchange for resources, right?" the golden three-inch man said all of a sudden.

Wang Ling: "???" He really didn't know!

The golden three-inch man: "Apart from resources you want, you can actually do an equivalent exchange for all kinds of information. I already foresee a calamity in your life... This is a Heavenly Dao Great Calamity; even if you anticipate it, the chances of dispelling it are very low. But I can tell you how you can resolve it."

"The price?" Wang Ling asked telepathically.

"At your current stage... the most important thing in your life," the golden three-inch man said slowly.

However, he didn't believe the young man would choose to make this exchange.

The most important thing in life might vary from person to person, but it inevitably had to do with friends and family; no one would use a person's life in an exchange.

But the principle of equivalent exchange had always been this unfeeling, and left no room for discussion.

Wang Ling: "I'll look for you after several days then."

The golden three-inch man: "???"

Wang Ling: "The baked gluten-flavored crispy noodle snacks will only get here in a few days."

The golden three-inch man: "..."

...

In the end, Wang Ling scared the golden three-inch man off; even the transmutation array on the floor disappeared completely without a trace...

Wang Ling guessed that this guy was still living in the shadow of "crispy noodle snacks."

But at his "current stage," Wang Ling felt that the most important thing in his life... was that box of baked-gluten flavored crispy noodle snacks which he had gotten custom made! He had squandered a precious opportunity and used his member privilege to get this flavor specially made to order! For one thing, he couldn't get it on the market, and for another, he had never tasted it before!

How did the saying go?

The rarer something was, the greater its value.

Wang Ling felt that this golden three-inch man knew nothing.

But the Heavenly Dao Great Calamity which the golden three-inch man had mentioned just now had inevitably caught Wang Ling's attention. A Heavenly Dao Great Calamity that was going to happen soon... his expression twitched. Could it have something to do with the final exams?

He really couldn't think of a more disastrous calamity than the final exams.

But for Wang Ling, it was as if he was already used to it.

Because since starting high school, every day felt like a calamity...

...

After the golden three-inch man disappeared, the feeling of a string that had been pulled taut in Er Ha's brain vanished.

It didn't know what the Heavenly Dao had said to Little Master Ling, but it felt that his expression was a little heavy.

Wang Ling didn't think too much of it since the calamity had yet to happen. Furthermore, he didn't sense any sort of omen. It was enough to just keep it in mind; overthinking it wouldn't do any good.

Currently, what was more important was to create this "Three Values-Shattering Hammer"!

Wang Ling snapped his fingers, and the microwave on the first floor was instantly teleported to his room.

Like with the previous operation, the first step was to smelt the material inside this enchanted microwave.

He threw three passion stones inside, and the moment they completely melted into liquid, he opened the microwave. He used a spell to pull out the liquid from inside to float in the air, and it spun quickly to form a liquid ball. After that, the Great Weapon-Refining Spell was instantly activated.

In a burst of bright light, a small black and gold hammer emerged in front of their eyes.

This hammer's shape was very strange. It had a very large head, but the middle section of the head was completely flat. There also seemed to be a mechanism at the bottom of the hammer's head.

Er Ha watched Wang Ling fiddle with the mechanism, and the flat section in the middle of the hammer's head unexpectedly flipped open.

This thing was actually a flip-top!





Chapter 625 We Can Also Clobber That Bunch of Bangzi From Nanhan Nation!


The design of this "Three Values-Shattering Hammer" was a little weird and avant garde, but since it was in Eight Classes of Divine Weapons , this was proof enough of how extraordinary this little hammer was. In addition, this type of limited use magic weapon often generated more extreme and terrifying bursts of explosive power than a permanent weapon.

Wang Ling carefully examined the finished product and determined that its quality was quite remarkable. This Three Values-Shattering Hammer was a first-class holy weapon; however, Wang Ling reckoned that after he did some slight modifications, it would be capable of exhibiting power at a world-defying level.

The flip-top section in the middle of the hammer wasn't a superfluous design, but was actually a recess into which energy could be poured. This was an important reason why Wang Ling had specially chosen this hammer as a defensive magic weapon for Immortal Zhenyuan, as he would be able to pour his "primordial qi" into this hammer.

If the primordial qi which Wang Ming had detected on Drought Star truly belonged to a prehistoric vicious beast being reared by that mysterious angler, using spirit energy in battle would only end in disaster. Both primordial qi and spirit energy were energy sources, but spirit qi was nothing in the face of primordial qi.

Although Immortal Zhenyuan's body could generate some primordial qi, his main energy source was still spirit energy, which Wang Ling had already confirmed in the fight against Wind Spirit on Drought Star the last time. In contrast, those unknown prehistoric vicious beasts could freely switch between energy sources depending on their environment, and could use primordial qi entirely as their main source of energy. If a showdown really happened, Immortal Zhenyuan definitely wouldn't be their match.

The main thing still was that Wang Ling had no idea what that mysterious angler was planning, but it was good to be prepared, just in case.

This Three Values-Shattering Hammer would be a great help to Immortal Zhenyuan.

Wang Ling raised an eyebrow and filled the hammer full with primordial qi.

When the energy reached a saturation point, Er Ha saw that the middle section of the hammer's head was swollen as if with air.

"This hammer can be used ten times at most."

Wang Ling gave the hammer to Er Ha and said telepathically, "You and Xiao Yin take this hammer to Drought Star together."

Er Ha was blank and cocked its head. "Why him?"

It was baffled by Wang Ling's words, and didn't understand his thinking.

But Wang Ling's heart was as clear as a mirror; in theory, holy beasts and these prehistoric vicious beasts were on the same level. The reason the prehistoric vicious beasts were called as such was because these vicious beasts had very low spiritual intelligence but were incomparably deadly. Holy beasts, on the other hand, just happened to be the opposite — they cultivated very slowly, but they were spiritually enlightened as soon as they were born.

The characteristics of the prehistoric vicious beasts and the holy beasts were like a drawing of the Eight Trigrams 1 ; each had their own merits.

1(The fundamental principles of reality in Daoist cosmology, seen as a range of eight interrelated concepts.) The reason why Wang Ling wanted Xiao Yin to track down the prehistoric vicious beast had to do with this balance.

Prehistoric vicious beasts were extremely sensitive to holy beast blood, so Xiao Yin's presence would be a strong deterrent.

For another thing, Xiao Yin could take this opportunity to leave its holy beast blood on the prehistoric vicious beast and track it later.

Holy beast blood wasn't an ordinary thing, and Xiao Yin could completely use it as a tracker. Wang Ling had already noticed this earlier on after Xiao Yin gave Er Ha his holy beast blood for a medicinal bath.

Er Ha stared at this little hammer. "Are there any instructions?"

"There are." Wang Ling flipped open Eight Classes of Divine Weapons again. The instructions for all the magic weapons were in the second half of the book, similar to how ancient records had a dictionary at the back with the words listed in alphabetical order.

The reason why Wang Ling had chosen this magic weapon at the very beginning was because of its ability to store energy, but even he didn't know exactly how to use it.

When master and servant turned to the page of instructions, they started to read up on the little hammer's specific functions.

Written in the instructions:

Eight Classes of Divine Weapons - Instructions from the weaponsmith developers of the "Three Views-Shattering Hammer"

Instruction One: Design Purpose

In an era where more and more permanent magic weapons are being designed, limited use magic weapons have been neglected. Under Passion Luo's guidance, our weaponsmith design team created this valiant limited use magic weapon, Three Views-Shattering Hammer. It can store massive amounts of spirit energy which can be used as reserves in battle against a powerful enemy. The hammer has formidable potential not found in permanent magic weapons; the product's biggest advantage is its explosive power and the number of times it can be used. When it's fully charged with energy, it can be used up to ten times, which far exceeds what a conventional limited use magic weapon is capable of.

Instruction Two: Product Use (Magic design inspired by the famous humble master: Emperor Rang, Yan Junze 2 )

2(A well-known LOL player with the ID Letme. His nickname Emperor Rang ("rang" which means "to let") refers to how he's able to turn most top lane match-ups into an even match, even in losing match-ups.) 1: Passive Effect "Forced Fairness"

When the product is used for the first time, whoever wields the hammer automatically triggers the forced fairness effect. The more powerful the energy source, the greater its suppressive force, and the opponent becomes caught in a fair confrontation. Unable to demonstrate their true strength, they are thus easily defeated in a fight. During an attack, the enemy's magic is weakened several times over, thus incapacitating them and making the hammer's user seem even more destructive.

2: Active Skill Effect "The Rang: All Living Things Are Equal" (This skill reduces the number of times the product can be used by one)

The corresponding chant needs to be recited when using this product skill. When "The Rang: All Living Things Are Equal" effect is triggered, the level playing field will be forcefully expanded and enemies in the vicinity will enter an incapacitated state where their strength will be kept on the same level as that of the hammer's user, or even below that. At the same time, the light of "All Living Things Are Equal" will strongly impair the opponent's three views, causing them to lose the desire to attack.

3: Active Skill Effect "The Rang: The Ultimate Hammer" (This skill reduces the number of times the product can be used by one)

When "The Rang: The Ultimate Hammer" effect is triggered, the wielder of the hammer strikes the ground, toppling the three views of the opponent as well as forcefully entering a golden body state. In this state, all living things become silent and the hammer's user is completely immune to all physical and magical attacks for ten seconds (can be voluntarily lifted with a thought). When this skill is active, the light of the golden body emitted by the hammer's user can dispel their teammates' uncertainty and rashness, and force them to calm down in a Buddha-like manner before returning to their peak fighting strength.

Summary of Instructions: This product was designed in heartfelt defiance of the current trend. During the initial design stage, our team of developers visited the "RNG team," the champions of that season's LOL tournament, and exclusively interviewed one of the team members, humble master Emperor Rang, Yan Junze. Ultimately, the product we designed was a magic treasure to commemorate RNG's victory - reality proved that we were capable of clobbering 3 that bunch of bangzi from Nanhan nation!

3(The term used in Chinese is 錘翻 which literally translates to "hammer flip," hence the design of the hammer ..)





Chapter 626 Xiao Yin's Express Delivery


Both master and servant stared at the instructions, and then were silent for a long time.

It had to be said that as a limited use magic weapon, the Three Views-Shattering Hammer indeed had a lot of functions.

Moreover, Wang Ling couldn't help thinking of a Heavenly Dao called "fairness." The "Great Fairness Spell" which he had mastered was a spell for closing the gap in strength between the spellcaster and the enemy. It had the same effect as this hammer's "all living things are equal" enhancement skill. However, Wang Ling would basically never have the opportunity to use this spell.

Because for Wang Ling, this was actually a pretty worthless Heavenly Dao spell.

After all, given his current situation, the overwhelming majority of enemies he faced were weaker than he was. If he used this "all living things are equal" spell, he would be the one to become weak instead, thus making his enemies stronger.

This spell was meant to be used when facing a strong enemy, so Wang Ling had no opportunity to use it at all.

He abruptly thought that this hammer was in fact pretty useful.

Even if it was a limited use magic weapon, it was still a very powerful defensive magic treasure.

Furthermore, after being filled with primordial qi and used in combination with this type of masterful magic spell, its original power would be greatly enhanced.

Er Ha put away the hammer with the Space Swallowing Spell and decided to find time to contact Xiao Yin later that night. After all, this was a personal instruction from Little Master Ling; it had to obey.

The only troublesome thing was that it would have to explain about Immortal Zhenyuan and Drought Star to Xiao Yin, who didn't know the situation.

In order to find that angler's whereabouts as soon as possible, the fastest way was undoubtedly for Xiao Yin to use his holy beast blood to perform a reverse trace. But they couldn't know for sure if this would be that easy to carry out.

That evening, Xiao Yin was waiting for an express delivery at the villa. His previous plan to buy a collar had been delayed because of the incident with the Didi Shun Feng spirit car, so in the end, Xiao Yin had opted to buy the collar online.

At around eight o'clock, the villa's doorbell rang.

Xiao Yin opened the door and saw a courier little brother covered in grime, who offered the parcel with both hands as he stood respectfully in front of Xiao Yin. "Hello, Mr Xiao Yin, Shun Feng God Express at your service!"

What the heck...

Xiao Yin was stunned by this courier little brother's miserable appearance. Looking to the side, he saw a luoyang shovel1 at the courier little brother's feet, and then, a hole the size of a man behind the courier.

1(A traditional Chinese tool for specialized use in archaeological digs ..) Xiao Yin: "..."

Did all Shun Feng God Express couriers not take the usual route?

Xiao Yin remembered seeing a lot of news online about couriers, and almost all of them revolved around the Shun Feng God Express couriers. These couriers always popped up inexplicably in all sorts of places, and then became heroes in passing... A while ago, an online security company had been infected with a computer virus, and the entire company had been helpless in the face of this crisis. A courier from Shun Feng God Express had been waiting at the entrance for a very long time, and in the end he personally stepped forward to fix the hole in the network, preventing the security details of hundreds of millions of users from being leaked.

A delivery courier was a really mystical job!

Or rather, it was only the couriers from Shun Feng God Express who were more mystical...

"Why didn't you use the main entrance?" Xiao Yin was very curious as he received the delivery.

He saw the employee ID on the courier little brother's chest; his name was Liang Liang.

The courier little brother smiled miserably and scratched his head. "One of the owners in this villa estate wanted to celebrate his girlfriend's birthday before, and asked us to come out of the ground with a birthday cake in hand to give her a surprise... In the end, because I wasn't skillful enough, the villa security team dug me out and took me to their office."

Xiao Yin: "..."

Liang Liang scratched his head. "The security in this estate then blacklisted me."

Xiao Yin: "It's been really hard on you..."

"It's fine, it's fine, the customer comes first. Before the new courier for this estate gets here, it's my duty to send every delivery to the door." The words of this courier little brother called Liang Liang were very moving. "Mr Xiao Yin, please rest assured. When I leave, I'll help you fill in the hole behind me so that it looks like I was never here at all."

Xiao Yin: "..."

Just then, the courier little brother suddenly said, "Oh, that's right, Mr Xiao Yin, I wonder if you can give me a five-star rating? We have some small gifts for you."

The courier little brother then took out a grading device from his pocket. On it, there were five buttons which corresponded to the five grading options.

Xiao Yin felt he was a very easygoing person himself. Even though he had been blacklisted by estate security, this courier little brother still did his utmost to do the delivery, so Xiao Yin naturally wouldn't give him a hard time.

Thus, Xiao Yin pressed the five-star button practically without needing to think about it.

"So, what are your small gifts?" Xiao Yin asked after the grading.

"The small gifts are automatically determined by the system based on customer purchases. Of course, the customer's details are kept confidential during the process; we couriers actually have no idea at all what the customer bought and we're only responsible for the delivery." Liang Liang smiled.

"Your service is very considerate!" Xiao Yin marveled and then grandly signed his name on the box.

Because he had learned human culture not long ago, Xiao Yin's characters didn't actually look very nice, but the two characters "Xiao Yin" were already the best-looking characters he could write.

After confirming that the parcel had been accepted, Liang Liang took out the gift for the full marks rating. It was a once-off storage spirit bag. Once all its contents were taken out, the bag would turn into flying dust and disappear in an environmentally friendly way with low carbon emissions and zero pollution.

Xiao Yin went inside happily with the collar in his hands.

Lord Thunder was pushing his broccoli salad around on his plate as he ate it. When he saw Xiao Yin walk in with the spirit bag and all smiles, he gave a doting smile. He really felt that Xiao Yin was an easily satisfied person.

"What did they give you?" Lord Thunder couldn't help asking.

"I don't know, I haven't looked at it yet. He said the gift is determined by the computer system based on the delivery," Xiao Yin replied.

He put the delivery box on the table, and then injected spirit energy into the small brocade bag in his hand. In several rays of light, a plastic bag flew out of the bag. With its seal broken, the brocade bag instantly turned into flying dust.

Then, a thin leather whip, a box with six candles inside and a bottle of lubricant appeared in front of Xiao Yin. The scariest of all was Xiao Yin unexpectedly finding a pink string inside the plastic bag, which turned out to be lingerie...

Xiao Yin picked it up and turned to look at Lord Thunder. "What is this?"

Lord Thunder: "..."





Chapter 627 Xiao Yin's Headband


Xiao Yin was a pure "Silver," one who was free of low tastes.

The instant he saw the string-like lingerie, Lord Thunder had no idea how to explain it for a moment; rather, he was wondering how to explain it without appearing vulgar. Xiao Yin, who had just entered society, didn't know much about the ways of the world... Since Brother Ling had entrusted him with Xiao Yin's care, Lord Thunder had to have confidence in himself! Given Brother Ling's master level, surely it wasn't because of lack of money that Brother Ling had left Xiao Yin with him, right?

There were quite a few "veterans" in the chat group who would say dirty stuff from time to time, but after Xiao Yin joined the group, Lord Thunder had immediately announced a ban on any uncivilized conduct. Ultimately, he didn't want Xiao Yin to be led astray while in his care.

"Brother Ling trusts me so much, I must guide Xiao Yin properly..." Thinking this, Lord Thunder nodded with a resolute face.

However, Xiao Yin wasn't someone who could be easily fooled. Because there were many things which he didn't understand, Xiao Yin was often quite stubborn about learning things, and had to find answers which satisfied him.

Lord Thunder knew that if he couldn't come up with a reasonable explanation now, Xiao Yin would learn about it through some other means.

"Thunder, what on earth is this? Why is your expression so strange?" Xiao Yin asked suspiciously. He had tried asking several times and found that Lord Thunder had sunk into deep thought with his chin in his hands as he stared at this pink string.

"Oh... it's nothing, I was just wondering if you liked the color." Lord Thunder gave a quick-witted reply and didn't give Xiao Yin any reason to doubt him.

"Pink is fine. Some people online say that pink is very girly, but I like this color a lot. Everyone is free to like whatever color they want," Xiao Yin replied swiftly.

Xiao Yin didn't discriminate against pink as a color. As for the theory online that those who used pink were sissies, he didn't really understand it. Xiao Yin was neutral to the color pink; he would use it at home now and then, but would never wear it out.

Hearing Xiao Yin say this, Lord Thunder instantly relaxed and smiled at Xiao Yin as he pointed at this pink lingerie and said, "Actually, this is a headband."

"Headband?"

"Yes... headband..." Lord Thunder said. "When you wash your face, you can tie it around your forehead to keep your hair from getting wet. Of course, you can also use it to absorb your sweat when you exercise."

"Is that so..." Xiao Yin frowned as he stared at the "pink headband," because he felt that Thunder's expression was somehow a little strange.

Lord Thunder tried to make his expression as natural as possible. "Yes, it really is a headband."

"Fine, then; in any case, I'll use it at home, and I won't be taking it out." Xiao Yin pursed his lips.

Then he stared gloomily at the lubricant, the candles and the leather whip on the side; he really couldn't understand why the headband had been sent with these three things...

...

After receiving the delivery, Xiao Yin went to wash his face and then planned to put on a face mask. This was a habit that Xiao Yin had developed recently. Everyone needed to take care of their skin, and Xiao Yin certainly wasn't an exception. He actually learned to use face masks from Lord Thunder, and even the masks he used were from Lord Thunder.

Nevertheless, cleansing face masks for cultivators were different from ordinary ones. This was a true cosmetic face mask, with liposuction, acupuncture and face shaping effects. After putting it on, the whole face would be as white as an egg. Furthermore, the worse a person's skin was, the better the effect. The effects of one face mask could last for a month.

Actually, Thunder felt that Xiao Yin didn't need to use them at all because this guy's face was pretty fair to begin with... Thunder knew that when Xiao Yin went to visit the Wang family's small villa, Mother Wang had bestowed the nickname "white-faced" girl on Xiao Yin.

Lord Thunder felt that as a holy beast, Xiao Yin's aesthetics were actually pretty good.

Since Xiao Yin was going to put on a face mask, the pink "headband" just happened to come in handy. When Lord Thunder saw this scene, his entire expression didn't look right.

Then he saw Xiao Yin lean back against the sofa and turn on his phone, as if he was about to make a video call. Lord Thunder's lips twitched. "Brother Xiao, what are you doing..."

Xiao Yin: "I'm calling Er Ha; it's looking for me, and it said that Master has an important combat mission for me."

Lord Thunder: "You're calling it with a face mask on... that's not very good, is it?"

Xiao Yin: "What's wrong with it, we're family. This Er Ha still can't take human form. If I put a face mask on in front of it, it would be so envious!"

Lord Thunder: "..."

"Every time we see each other, it's always showing off. Now it's my turn!" Xiao Yin patted the mask and tried his best to smooth it out without leaving any air bubbles.

Lord Thunder now really hoped that Brother Dog didn't know too much...

The ringing lasted for about a minute before Er Ha accepted Xiao Yin's video chat.

Soon, the video image came through.

The first thing Er Ha saw was Xiao Yin putting on the face mask, and from Xiao Yin's smug expression, it was very obvious that this guy was doing this on purpose...

Er Ha's lips twitched, and then its keen eyes caught sight of the "pink headband" around Xiao Yin's forehead...

Er Ha was stunned on the spot. "Xiao Yin... Your headband is very unique!"

Xiao Yin: "Of course. It was a freebie with a magic artifact I bought. The color is standard, but it's very silky smooth to use. Also, when I tied it around my head, it makes me want to be touched for some reason..."

"..."

Right now, Thunder really wanted to find a hole to burrow into.

Er Ha: "... Didn't Thunder tell you what it is?"

Xiao Yin: "Thunder said it's a headband!"

Er Ha: "Head, head, head... headband?" Er Ha obviously knew that Xiao Yin had very likely been duped, but it didn't have the heart to expose this lie. On the contrary, it could pretty much understand Lord Thunder's line of thinking...

So even if it knew what the pink headband was...

Er Ha still did its best to continue smiling in the video. "Your headband, looks very nice..."

Xiao Yin: "Smart of you to know! Jealous? How about I order an identical one for you? Hm?"

Er Ha's lips twitched. "Better not..."

It wasn't in the habit of putting underwear on its head!

Er Ha: "But I have to trouble you to pass on a message to Thunder for me..."

Xiao Yin: "What do you want to say? My speaker is on, he's right next to me."

Er Ha: "I want to ask him, after nine years of compulsory education... why is he so amazing1?"

1(The original meme, more precisely, is "we/everyone had the same nine years of compulsory education, but why are you so awesome?") Lord Thunder: "..."





Chapter 628 Xiao Yin's First Assignmen


Obviously, Xiao Yin had been duped.

As for why Er Ha knew about this kind of thing, it was a long story: the cell phone which Er Ha was using now had been Father Wang's before. When he had given Er Ha the phone, he hadn't logged out of his online shopping account.

Er Ha remembered opening it by accident and had just happened to see this thing in the history records at the time.

There actually had been a lot of information on it, and Er Ha had stared at the screen in shock for a very long time back then before pretending it hadn't seen anything and logging out of the account. Er Ha felt that it still knew a little more about the ways of the world than Xiao Yin; if it had joked about this back then... Father Wang would definitely have kicked it out of the house.

After all, that was when it hadn't been at the Wang family's small villa for very long yet.

So a lot of times, turning a blind eye and pretending it didn't see anything was the most proper thing to do.

And as reality proved, Er Ha made the right call back then.

After all, not everyone could have as thick a thigh as Little Master Ling's.

Er Ha thought for a bit, and finally decided not to tell Xiao Yin the truth about the headband. Sometimes, it was necessary to tell a white lie.

So after some consideration, Er Ha said to Xiao Yin: Your headband looks very nice...

This was a very empty statement, but the fact was that Xiao Yin was seldom the object of envy. As a contract beast under Wang Ling, Xiao Yin would naturally compare himself with Er Ha, so he would always be envious every time Er Ha talked about Wang Ling taking it out for a walk. Now that there was finally something that could make Er Ha feel "envious," Xiao Yin was very happy!

Xiao Yin's expression in the video was smug. "Tell me if you want it, don't be shy - I'll buy you a box!"

Er Ha: "..."

Buy a box... Er Ha was in a daze. Buy a box for what? For disposable use?

Er Ha obviously didn't want to dwell on this topic, so it quickly changed the subject and communicated telepathically with Xiao Yin. Telepathy wasn't a complicated technique, and it had undergone many improvements so that it could be used perfectly in conjunction with modern technology. For example, the "Face-To-Face Telepathy Spell" Er Ha was currently using was a telepathy technique designed especially for use in video calls.

No matter how many modifications were made, the many different branches of telepathy shared the same principle. As long as a person was capable of the basic telepathy technique, it wasn't hard to learn the other types of telepathy. It was only Heavenly Dao-type telepathy which had a structure completely different from basic telepathy.

Er Ha remembered Little Master Ling mentioning the Heavenly Dao "Great Telepathy Spell" before.

If Wang Ling wanted to, he could send his voice into the depths of the hearts of all the people on earth at the same time...

This was too heaven-defying a method, on a level so far beyond reach.

Hence, each time Er Ha used telepathy, it would wonder when it would ever be as remarkable as Little Master Ling... So many cultivators had protruding lumbar discs, but only its own family's little master stuck out enough to turn a person's scalp numb 1 ...

1(A relatively new online saying to talk up a person..) Face-To-Face Telepathy Spell?

When Lord Thunder saw this scene, he could only tactfully turn back to his own business.

If they had chosen to speak telepathically, this meant that the two contract beasts were about to talk about something confidential and it was inappropriate for him to listen in. Since that was the case, he naturally wasn't going to make himself unwelcome.

Besides, Lord Thunder didn't feel that this was a bad thing. Although Xiao Yin and Er Ha might bicker now and then, this was another reflection of their close relationship. Now, the two of them had started to learn to share in confidence with each other. This scene created a warm, nostalgic sense of brotherly communication.

"That's just like Brother Ling, to think of everything!" Looking at this scene now, Lord Thunder couldn't help sighing emotionally in his heart. No wonder so many people now supported the two-child policy. Having another contract beast really changed things; two contract beasts would keep each company and never feel lonely.

On the other side, Xiao Yin thought it was a little strange when Er Ha used telepathy.

"Why do we need to use the Face-To-Face Telepathy Spell? Can't we let Thunder know?"

Er Ha replied, "It'll be dangerous for Senior Immortal if he knows. After thinking about it, our little master decided to hide it from him." Although Lord Thunder had that Soul Suppression Ring that could bring him back to life, it wasn't invincible and also had its own limitations.

After Thunder was killed by Evil Sword God, Wang Ling carefully read up on the precise instructions for the Soul Suppression Ring. As long as the ring remained intact, it could recreate the corporeal body and was capable of infinite resurrections. However, there was another note which Wang Ling hadn't noticed before, which was about the energy source.

The instructions for the Soul Suppression Ring very clear stated that resurrection was limited to those mortally wounded by spells driven by spirit energy.

That was to say, if the energy source the enemy used was primordial qi, the Soul Suppression Ring was useless. Hence, Wang Ling had never planned on getting Thunder involved in this issue since the very beginning.

The matter of the Three Views-Shattering Hammer was a long story since it had to start with the corpse of the kun in the Holy Palace of the demon world after it had been defeated by Demon Saint and Sage Master Shen Wuyue.

Xiao Yin was dazed when he heard this. He had no idea that Er Ha had had such an adventure.

"So, you've been mistaken for a big shot now?"

Xiao Yin was stunned, but this didn't seem to be the main point now!

What had he heard?

A prehistoric vicious beast...

And a baby kun, even...

Xiao Yin then couldn't help clicking his tongue as he said in the tone of one who had foreseen something, "So there actually are prehistoric vicious beasts that are still alive?"

"You sensed them?" Er Ha asked suddenly.

"Yes, but I didn't dare confirm it before... Actually, holy beasts and vicious beasts have a bit of a reactive connection," Xiao Yin replied. "When I was hiding in Immortal Mansion back then, I had a vague sense of it, but I thought it was an illusion. So it's possible that the angler you mentioned might have let these vicious beasts loose on earth!"

These words made Er Ha's fur shiver all over, and it suddenly understood why its little master had pressed forward with making the hammer.

It was likely that after Little Master Ling learned about this angler, he had already felt that the other party was extending his reach to Earth.

Although it still wasn't clear what the other party's objective was...

What they could be sure of was that Immortal Zhenyuan's life was indeed in danger.

"How about it, want to come with me? To help deliver the hammer which little master made for that senior," Er Ha looked at Xiao Yin and said after it calmed down.

"Of course! This is the first travel assignment from Master, I definitely have to do it well!" Xiao Yin tore the mask off his face and stood up excitedly.

Actually, he also had a slightly selfish motive for going.

Since the prehistoric vicious beasts which legend said had already disappeared were still alive... then was it possible that there were holy beasts that were still alive?





Chapter 629 Don't Use a Traitorous Company


Actually, Xiao Yin had been harboring a fantasy all these years that the holy beasts had not been truly exterminated. Even just one other holy beast that was still alive apart from him would be good! But over the years, even when human cultivators used all kinds of advanced scientific magic treasures in their investigation, they hadn't been able to find the whereabouts of any holy beast... Xiao Yin had thought that his fantasy was shattered, but hearing about the angler and prehistoric vicious beasts now, he instantly saw a glimmer of hope.

There had been news before of a plane whose signal was suddenly lost mid-flight and which directly vanished without a trace for ten years. In the end, after a hundred years, this group of people that had already been treated as dead at the time appeared on a mysterious island, where they had even established a stone village.

So maybe miracles really did happen!

"Thunder, Thunder! I'm going out! I'm going to Master's place!" After confirming the operation with Er Ha, Xiao Yin intended to set out immediately, so he informed Lord Thunder of his plan.

Xiao Yin originally wasn't in the habit of doing so, but there were times when you really had to believe in the inexplicable... currently, looking at his three trips to the police station, if he went out alone, he would definitely wind up there again.

So now Xiao Yin didn't dare be rash - it was safer to find someone to go with him.

On the other side, Lord Thunder let go of his mouse and looked at him. "Alright, Brother Xiao, I'll drive you there."

In fact, it was Thunder himself who insisted that Xiao Yin be accompanied by someone when he went out. Although he had acquaintances at the police station, he still had to go in to do the basic bail procedure. If Xiao Yin was detained when he was out, who was the one who would suffer for it...

It was thus better to save himself the hassle. Although sending Xiao Yin to Brother Ling's place was time-consuming, it was a lot better than wasting time at the police station later...

Thunder put down what he was doing and prepared to get his car. It was only then that Xiao Yin realized that this would be his first time sitting in a car that Thunder would be driving!

"Thunder! What kind of car do you drive?" Xiao Yin couldn't help asking.

"A Huawei triphibian spirit car; it can be used on land, in the water, or in the air! It's very fast!" Lord Thunder grinned.

"Huh? I remember there's a brand called Lenovo?"

"I don't use it." Lord Thunder quickly waved his hand. "They're traitors!"

Xiao Yin raised an eyebrow. Although Thunder said it lightly, Xiao Yin felt that the man brimmed with righteousness.

He suddenly seemed to understand a little better why Master had left him at Thunder's place. Wasn't this a hint that he should learn more from Lord Thunder?

Xiao Yin felt that any other explanation apart from this one would be unscientific! Given Master's realm, there was no way he would have dumped Xiao Yin here for the sake of saving money!

Mm, that had to be it!

Just as Lord Thunder was about to get his car from the garage, Xiao Yin suddenly yelled, "Thunder! Thunder!"

Lord Thunder: "Is there something else, Brother Xiao?"

Xiao Yin: "Can I live here forever..."

Lord Thunder smiled. "Of course, Brother Xiao, just treat this as your own home."

Xiao Yin: "Thunder! Thunder! When I come back from my assignment, can I not order takeout and have broccoli instead?"

Lord Thunder was startled. "Brother Xiao, you would be willing to eat broccoli?" His impression was that Xiao Yin was usually extremely repulsed by vegetables... this sudden change in attitude actually caught Lord Thunder off guard.

"Brother Xiao, you..."

"I just suddenly want to eat it. Something wrong with that?"

"How can that be? Brother Xiao, you can have as much broccoli as you want!" Reasonably speaking, Lord Thunder was a little excited as he felt like he had found a kindred spirit.

"Alright! Then it's a deal! Once my assignment is complete, I'll come back and eat it!" Xiao Yin was overjoyed.

Lord Thunder: "..."

Although Lord Thunder was very happy, why did he feel like Xiao Yin had raised a very strange FLAG 1 ?

1(To "raise a flag" is similar to jinxing something..) Erm... It was like in those TV dramas when the soldiers said to their fiancees before they went off to war: Let's get married when the war is over.

...

The two of them then went to the garage beside the villa. Xiao Yin saw Lord Thunder stand at the garage door for a few seconds before the closed door automatically opened.

This garage was equipped with a face recognition system.

Then, an exquisite triphibian SUV appeared in front of Xiao Yin. It was a dark gold in color and covered in solid vehicle armor. It looked very cumbersome, but in fact it was very light, more so than most of the supercars on the market.

This was the first time Xiao Yin saw Lord Thunder's car, and it gave him a refreshing feeling.

Starting a spirit car was vastly different from starting an ordinary car; it didn't use a car key, but a spirit sword.

All spirit cars purchased by cultivators were tied to their spirit swords at the specialty store.

"How does it start up?" Xiao Yin asked. He had never seen this thing, and knew very little about the spirit cars which modern cultivators used.

"Starting it is very simple. First, you need to take out the spirit sword which it's tied to." Lord Thunder summoned his Brilliant Victory sword, and then opened something that looked similar to a fuel cap at the back of the car. With the sword still in its sheath, he stuck it in.

With a roar of the engine, the car smoothly started up.

Lord Thunder: "Brother Xiao, don't just stand there, get in!"

Xiao Yin: "..."

...

On a sword, it would take two hours in total to get to the Wang family's small villa from Wenxian Garden, while it was in fact faster by car. That was because there was a sky bridge at high altitudes especially made for vehicles to travel along. Only those who drove could use the bridge, while those on swords couldn't.

But nowadays, even if cultivators bought a car, they usually left it at home to collect dust unless it was an important occasion, since just traveling on a sword was somewhat more convenient.

It took less than three minutes for the car to lift off unhurriedly and travel steadily along the sky bridge in the direction of the Wang family's small villa.

Xiao Yin looked around curiously. This was the first time he had seen such a modern high-altitude thoroughfare!

But after less than five or six minutes of driving, Xiao Yin suddenly frowned as he turned his eyes to the clouds.

Lord Thunder noticed Xiao Yin's odd behavior. "What's wrong, Brother Xiao?"

"Feels like killing intent!" Xiao Yin clenched his teeth as he stared at the cloud layers. He had what was almost a natural sensitivity to this type of malicious aura.

There was definitely no mistake!

This was malicious killing intent... and it felt a little familiar!

"Who is it?" Lord Thunder gripped the steering wheel, on high alert.

At that moment, Xiao Yin's eyes darkened. Although he wasn't one hundred percent sure, this aura was very similar to the killing intent from that Mr Lu before...

This killing intent was from the Demon Hunters Association!





Chapter 630 The Unit of Measurement for Strength


Killing intent permeated the clouds along the side. After Xiao Yin's sensitivity alerted them to it, Lord Thunder could also feel the faint killing intent within the clouds. While the other party was well hidden, Xiao Yin had still sensed him. A holy beast's power of perception was extraordinary and far sharper than a cultivator's.

Furthermore, Xiao Yin was very sure that the other party was from the Demon Hunters Association.

Lord Thunder frowned. "It seems that President Bai has more than one trusted aide at his side. Mr Lu wasn't the closest one."

"Did Mr Lu deceive us?" Xiao Yin was suspicious.

"That shouldn't be the case." Lord Thunder shook his head. "Mr Lu was probably kept in the dark himself. This President Bai is very cunning!" It was true that Mr Lu was a secretary under President Bai, but who said that a person could only have one secretary?

Lord Thunder couldn't help being reminded of a piece of social news some time ago... A boy used a single chat app to chat up more than six hundred girls at the same time and played with their feelings while he classified them according to their bust, waist, hips and height.

If an ordinary boy could do something like this, what more then the cunning President of the Demon Hunters Association!

After Mr Lu went into witness protection, Lord Thunder had actually been wary about President Bai getting revenge, but he never thought that the other party would be brazen enough to stalk them and make a move when they were out.

This was an air bridge, with strict altitude control measures and all types of surveillance. It definitely wouldn't be smart to be seen attacking here. If the other party was determined to do so, then there was only one possibility, and that was that he had a magic artifact that could instantly create an isolated space.

This reminded Lord Thunder of the "Wuji Umbrella" which Mr Lu had mentioned before. It was a quasi world-defying magic weapon comprised of forty-nine different types of holy beast skins, and was an incomplete product with one skin still missing.

Gripping the steering wheel, Lord Thunder turned up his spiritual awareness to the fullest and pressed a red button next to the steering wheel.

Xiao Yin: "What's that?"

Lord Thunder: "Brother Xiao, you don't know, but this is the absolute field special modification which I added to the car. As long as you press this button, you can produce a powerful spirit magnetic shield, also called the A.T. Field 1 !"

1(Short for Absolute Terror Field, from the series "Evangelion.") "Oh~!" Xiao Yin was enlightened. Although he didn't quite understand, it seemed very amazing!

Not long after Lord Thunder pressed the button, Xiao Yin saw a bright blue spherical spirit magnetic shield encircle the car to securely protect the triphibian SUV as if it was in an egg.

The purpose of this shield was to prevent the enemy from using flying swords to pierce the car at long range. There was already vehicle armor on the car, and activating the spirit magnetic shield was equivalent to doubling the protection.

And just as Lord Thunder had expected, shortly after he activated the spirit magnetic shield, the other party launched a flying sword at them in a probing attack.

From the image on the feed for the thermal defense system inside the car, they could clearly see a peculiar fluctuation in the spirit magnetic shield at the back of the car. This was exactly the shield's response to an attack.

"Was that an invisible flying sword?" Lord Thunder did his best to remain calm.

It had happened suddenly, but so far everything was within his expectations.

Usually, an invisible flying sword was the most common strategy used in a probing attack. If it was successful, the vehicle would be destroyed and the passengers killed. If it failed, it wasn't any sort of loss since it was just a basic way of testing if there was a defense system in place.

As the well-known "Great Death-Courting Senior" in the cultivation world, Lord Thunder had experienced all kinds of emergencies, and thus was very mindful in this regard.

"Can Brother Xiao perceive what this person's strength is like?" Lord Thunder asked.

Xiao Yin cupped his chin and pondered for a moment before replying quickly, "Roughly as strong as four Thunders."

Lord Thunder: "???" When had he become a unit of measurement?

"But this person is slightly weaker than Mr Lu. He'll be pretty easy to deal with. But we can't get off now, can we?" Xiao Yin said.

It had to be said that Xiao Yin had raised a crucial problem — they couldn't get out of the car!

That was because it was very dangerous to stop the car halfway while traveling on the sky bridge, unless you were waiting to get off the bridge. Whether you caused an accident or not, as long as you were caught stopping on camera, your license would be revoked right away.

It was now very difficult to pass the test to get a driving license!

And it was very clear that the other party was taking advantage of the fact that they couldn't get out of the car to take them down.

Lord Thunder clenched his teeth, refusing to just sit and wait for death.

At that moment, a more violent attack hit them from the side. Even with double the protection, the triphibian SUV still shook hard and was almost forced out of the car lane.

It was still an invisible flying sword, but its strength was much greater than the one earlier!

The situation had taken a slight turn for the worse. Lord Thunder furrowed his brow. This was still a probing attack, but it was very clear that the other party's invisible flying sword wasn't aimed at him!

And in fact, Lord Thunder had guessed correctly once again!

...

On the other side, hidden amidst the clouds, a member of the Demon Hunters Association was sitting on a floating gourd as he emitted faint killing intent. President Bai had bestowed this gourd on him, and it had the ability to create an isolated space.

This person was Elder Zuo Wu, the other top-level personnel in the Demon Hunters Association apart from Elder Lu.

Elder Zuo Wu had come to seek revenge today since his only little brother Strong Zuo had been captured not long ago, and the main culprit was that green-furred dog. Before that, Strong Zuo had left a soul mark on the green-furred dog (which Wang Ling had transferred to Xiao Yin). Later, President Bai sent Mr Lu to investigate the situation, but until now, Mr Lu's whereabouts were unaccounted for.

Though they currently couldn't be sure whether Mr Lu had defected, Elder Zuo Wu could already no longer resist the urge to take revenge.

He applied to President Bai to carry out this operation, which was quickly approved.

This time, President Bai gave Elder Zuo Wu a floating gourd with the ability to create an isolated space in order to conceal himself, along with a large number of single-use invisible flying swords amounting to over six hundred in total.

Since then, Elder Zuo Wu had been looking and waiting for a chance to act.

In everyday life, the success rate in using an invisible flying sword to mount a sneak attack actually wasn't high. Furthermore, it was very easy to arouse suspicion.

Thus, Elder Zuo Wu had waited all this time...

Finally, the day when both targets set out in their car came!

Furthermore, the other party even used the sky bridge!

Elder Zuo Wu was well aware that no cars were allowed to stop on the sky bridge! This was thus a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity! For Elder Zuo Wu, they were moving live targets!

The best would be if he could attack and destroy the car and its passengers together, and disguise it as a spontaneous combustion car accident.

Elder Zuo Wu sat on the floating gourd as he secretly observed and pondered.

A moment later, he untied a brocade pouch at his waist and patted it gently - over a hundred single-use invisible flying swords flew out of the pouch, and all their tips were pointed as one in the direction of the triphibian SUV.

The next second, Elder Zuo Wu gave the order: "Infinite Creation of Swords 2!"

2(From the Japanese series "Fate/Stay Night..") Immediately, these numerous flying swords lunged at the moving SUV...





Chapter 631 Xiao Yin's All-Purpose Phlegm


Over a hundred invisible flying swords carrying the greatest pressure slammed down on the SUV. This batch of invisible flying swords had been specially customized by President Bai of the Demon Hunters Association. Lord Thunder's power of sight wasn't strong enough to see them, but this spectacular scene was completely laid out before Xiao Yin.

"Wow! Look! Thunder! Meteor shower!" Xiao Yin couldn't help marveling.

Lord Thunder: "Brother Xiao, now is not the time to admire it..."

Xiao Yin: "But, but, there are hundreds of swords flying at us right now!"

Lord Thunder: "..."

Over a hundred invisible flying swords fell from the sky like ten thousand arrows!

Each of these flying swords was a deadly force at peak late Soul Formation stage. Just the two probing attacks earlier had nearly broken through the SUV's double defense. Now, over a hundred flying swords were aimed at a single target and directly bombarded it. The SUV's defense alone definitely wouldn't be able to withstand it.

"I did it!"

Elder Zuo Wu was excited; anyone would feel the same at the very moment you were about to get your revenge.

But just when Elder Zuo Wu thought that his scheme was going to succeed, he suddenly saw the SUV's car window actually wind down.

Were they going to jump out of the car?

No...

On the floating gourd, Elder Zuo Wu narrowed his eyes.

Then, all of a sudden, he saw —

The silver-haired young man in the passenger seat suddenly spat a mouthful of phlegm outside the window!

Zuo Wu sneered. In his eyes, this was just futile resistance.

A mouthful of phlegm?

Apart from the silver-haired young man venting his despair, what else could the phlegm do?

Elder Zuo Wu didn't believe that a mere mouthful of phlegm would be able to break his "Infinite Creation of Swords" formation.

But the next moment, this silver sputum actually exploded in the air like a firework, directly spreading out in all directions!

Elder Zuo Wu: "..."

The moment those invisible flying swords touched the phlegm, they instantly crumbled and completely dissolved.

Elder Zuo Wu: "???"

How could this be?

Elder Zuo Wu cried out in his heart.

The destructive power of this mouthful of phlegm was too astonishing that he practically couldn't stop blustering in his heart, but before he could react, two more silver globs of phlegm flew out of the window on the passenger side and exploded in the sky instantly.

"It's over."

Xiao Yin smiled. The moment the silver phlegm exploded, the flying swords in the sky were all wiped out like in Minesweeper.

Elder Zuo Wu was utterly shaken and his mouth couldn't drop open any bigger. There was a storm in his heart and his expression at that moment was one of utter shock - it was an expression he had never worn before in his life.

Damn it!

His attack had actually been neutralized so easily, shit!

He had just lost two hundred once-off peak Soul Formation stage invisible flying swords!

It looked like he would have to use the Itinerant Immortal invisible flying swords!

Actually, Elder Zuo Wu had selfishly wanted to keep some of the once-off invisible flying swords. President Bai had given him a total of six hundred once-off flying invisible swords, two hundred of which were at peak late Soul Formation stage, two hundred at early Itinerant Immortal stage and another two hundred at late Itinerant Immortal stage! Elder Zuo Wu's balls would really hurt if they were all used up here.

But just as Elder Zuo Wu grit his teeth and was about to launch a second and more powerful attack, a figure suddenly appeared in front of him, and his expression instantly turned stiff.

"You!" Elder Zuo Wu's lips twitched. He was sitting on the floating gourd in an independent and isolated space; he should have been completely hidden!

But Elder Zuo Wu had overlooked one thing, and that was Xiao Yin's power of perception, which was beyond his imagination.

Not only could Xiao Yin's phlegm melt the invisible flying swords, it could be used as a reverse tracker.

Through the vibrations and the overall strength of the invisible flying swords, the silver phlegm which was linked to Xiao Yin's sensory nerves could determine the approximate location which the swords had come from.

However, it could only determine the general point of origin of those swords because Elder Zuo Wu was currently in an independent and isolated space. Therefore, even though the distance between them was very close, Xiao Yin couldn't touch Elder Zuo Wu.

This was a clone, which couldn't see Elder Zuo Wu.

After confirming that the other party couldn't find him, Elder Zuo Wu eventually relaxed, but this scene still left him in a cold sweat.

The question was, how on earth had the other party sensed him?

Elder Zuo Wu was very puzzled.

...

Because he was unable to get out of the SUV, Xiao Yin created a clone to fight it out with Elder Zuo Wu of the Demon Hunters Association. This person's overall strength was much weaker than that of Mr Lu, and was of no comparison at all. One clone was thus enough to deal with Elder Zuo Wu.

The only tricky part was that the other party was hiding himself in a space, which Xiao Yin had guessed was the case at the very beginning.

Additionally, it was obvious that this wasn't the other party's own ability; it was very likely that President Bai had bestowed this technique on this member of the Demon Hunters Association.

Xiao Yin raised his eyebrows. He was in a hurry to get to Master's house and he didn't want to make a single mistake.

But the issue was, what on earth should he do in this situation?

What would Master do?

Xiao Yin reflected on the question.

At this time, he suddenly remembered that he had already signed the contract!

He should be able to get Master to lend him a hand!

Xiao Yin remembered one condition that was clearly written in the spirit beast (holy beast) contract — when necessary, a contract beast could use the power of the contract to call on its owner for help.

It seemed that he hadn't used the power of the contract even once yet!

Suddenly, Xiao Yin's lips curved in a smirk; he was dying to test how strong the power of the contract was.

...

Elder Zuo Wu's hair stood up all over his body at the sight of this silver-haired young man's sly smirk.

He was sure that this silver-haired young man couldn't see him, but the problem was... what was up with that innocent smile? Elder Zuo Wu didn't quite understand, but in the next moment, he suddenly saw this silver-haired young man actually lower his eyelids and put his hands together in prayer, as if he was calling on something.

Roughly several dozen seconds later, Elder Zuo Wu's expression changed dramatically and his entire body tensed up despite himself.

"What is this?!" Because at that very moment, he felt powerful spiritual pressure pushing down and his entire body jolted so that it felt like his qi and blood were flowing backward!

This extremely strong spiritual pressure squeezed the small space he was in, and his eyes turned bloodshot right away.

The next second, Elder Zuo Wu saw a hand, which seemed to belong to a youngster.

This hand was white as jade, with defined and incomparably exquisite finger bones, and completely at odds with the powerful sense of oppression it carried. All of a sudden, it broke through the space wall and reached out to grab Elder Zuo...





Chapter 632 Why Didn't You Go All Out?


This was...

At that moment, Elder Zuo Wu's expression changed dramatically; he couldn't believe what he was seeing at all.

A hand came out of the void, and while it wasn't as huge as he imagined, it bore the greatest sense of oppression! Elder Zuo Wu couldn't come back to his senses at all.

The next moment, he was seized by the collar!

He was utterly powerless to resist!

It was as if he was frozen in front of this hand, all the blood in his body turning to ice. The moment he was yanked out of the space, Elder Zuo Wu felt like a deep sea saltwater fish forcibly pulled up into the shallows, and blood instantly spurted out of his nose — it really was a violent spray of heavy bleeding, like a fountain.

Holy shit!

Xiao Yin was alarmed by this scene. This blood loss was excessive, like a hemorrhage which almost stained his own clothes! Moreover, he was actually secretly wearing the collar around his neck, which was what he had bought earlier for Master's sake! He didn't want it to be stained with blood, even if this was a clone!

In the Wang family's small villa, Wang Ling went to wash his hands after helping Xiao Yin pull Elder Zuo Wu out.

Because of the difference in spatial pressure, when Elder Zuo Wu had been pulled out, he had for a moment been unable to withstand the blood pressure in his body, and his nose had instantly sprayed blood, directly leading to some blood foam landing on Wang Ling's hands.

Emm... Wang Ling felt that this was his blunder.

He had acted a little hurriedly, and forgot that his "Hand of Heaven" also had the additional effect of compressing space. When he pulled a person out of a space, the change in pressure would inevitably cause an ordinary person to bleed.

For Elder Zuo Wu to just get a nosebleed already wasn't bad; if his realm was a little lower, he would definitely be bleeding from the seven orifices of his head.

"Master really is awesome!" Taking in this scene at close range, Xiao Yin couldn't help feeling overwhelmed.

It really was a very rare opportunity to see Master cast spells at close range! That method just now of directly breaking open a space to pull a person out was too powerful!

Xiao Yin stared at Elder Zuo Wu whom Wang Ling had directly pulled out of the space. Folding his arms, Xiao Yin pursed his lips and smiled. "What do you have to say for yourself?" Xiao Yin wasn't actually planning to kill this Elder Zuo Wu because he had promised Wang Ling before that he wouldn't kill indiscriminately.

In contrast, Elder Zuo Wu was scared out of his wits. "You... What was that?" He wanted to know exactly what on earth that horrible hand was - it had been able to directly yank him out of the separate space set up by President Bai in such a humiliating way... It was really mortifying!

After this ambush by the "Hand of Heaven," Elder Zuo Wu had already sustained severe internal injuries, so even if Xiao Yin was just a clone, it was still very easy to deal with the other man.

"That's just a small skill of my Master's." Xiao Yin spread his hands.

Small... small skill...

Elder Zuo Wu almost spat blood.

Can your family's small skill directly pull a person out of a space?!

It was very obvious that this was an extremely powerful technique!

Elder Zuo Wu hence estimated that this master behind the silver-haired young man was definitely no less powerful than President Bai.

Thinking this, Elder Zuo Wu couldn't help frowning. He had already lost this fight and had to find a way to escape.

Xiao Yin had intended to leave Elder Zuo Wu alive; as one of the few top-level members of the Demon Hunters Association, he was an invaluable source of information. Given that President Bai's current whereabouts were unknown, this man could be the breakthrough for them to get hold of some intelligence!

Xiao Yin: "I don't want to kill you. If you're willing to come with me quietly, I'll consider going easy on you."

"Want to capture me? Dream on!"

Elder Zuo Wu grit his teeth and made a hand seal right away, going so far as to gather the blood he was losing as essence to cast a forbidden spell. Xiao Yin then saw this Elder Zuo Wu actually turn into a dry corpse right before him.

In the SUV, Xiao Yin's original body projected the image from his clone onto the small screen in the car. With one glance, Lord Thunder saw through to the essence of this forbidden spell. "Mm? Is this a Western forbidden spell?"

"Western forbidden spell? What's that?" Xiao Yin cocked his head.

"It's a Western necromancy-type of forbidden magic. It consumes a certain amount of blood essence to transform the body into a zombie puppet. However, the spell consumes a portion of your lifespan," Lord Thunder explained.

Lord Thunder actually didn't find this strange, because based on what that mysterious informant had previously revealed on the forum, the power behind the Demon Hunters Association was a dark force called Night Chief that came from the West. It thus wasn't surprising that members of the Demon Hunters Association were able to use Western magic.

But for this type of top-level leader to suddenly show up when they weren't making any progress in determining President Bai's whereabouts, Lord Thunder wondered if this might be a turning point.

"Brother Xiao, do you have a way to track down this man?" Lord Thunder asked seriously.

Xiao Yin's original body quickly nodded. "Of course!"

After that, he quickly manipulated his clone into chasing after Elder Zuo Wu.

This spell, which used a puppet in place of the body to escape, usually required a prop. It could be a puppet, a doll, a wax figurine or something similar.

Elder Zuo Wu must have already placed this prop in a safe location before casting this forbidden spell.

But unfortunately for him, this type of forbidden spell usually required blood as a medium, which was too easy for Xiao Yin to track.

In that moment when Elder Zuo Wu used blood essence to cast the spell and escape, Xiao Yin had almost subconsciously reacted in that instant by mixing a drop of his own blood into it.

Next, Xiao Yin would use the holy beast blood to do a reverse trace.

Thus, there was no way for Elder Zuo Wu to escape.

No matter how Elder Zuo Wu ran, Xiao Yin could smell that drop of his holy beast blood.

...

Elsewhere, Elder Zuo Wu narrowly escaped as he instantly used the "Puppet Substitution Spell" to flee a thousand kilometers away.

This was just a life-saving spell. As a top-level executive of the Demon Hunters Association, Elder Zuo Wu had thought of everything before going out to get his revenge, including a way to preserve his life.

For the sake of the "Puppet Substitution Spell," Elder Zuo Wu had prepared a wax figurine likeness in advance to act as a replacement.

He never expected that he would actually have to use it.

A huge advantage of this "Puppet Substitution Spell" was that it couldn't be cut off halfway, which guaranteed escape from the scene and being able to avoid all kinds of attacks. However, it also had a limitation, and that was that the prop used as a body substitute couldn't be too far away from the original body.

A thousand kilometers was already the limit for the prop.

Even if the other party sensed him and wanted to pursue him, it would still take time.

But just as Elder Zuo Wu was rejoicing in his escape -

A figure holding a black umbrella suddenly appeared in a corner. "I gave you six hundred invisible flying swords; why didn't you use them all at once?"

At this voice, Elder Zuo Wu's face changed dramatically. He turned and instantly half-dropped to his knees in terror. "Pre... President Bai..."

The young man with the umbrella looked at him coldly. "Tell me... Why didn't you go all out?"





Chapter 633 There's Something Wrong with Your Line of Thinking


Elder Zuo Wu never ever expected President Bai to appear here. Furthermore, he was well aware that this wasn't the real President Bai, but his clone. Nevertheless, just a clone still made him feel the greatest pressure.

This dark chamber which he had hidden the wax figurine in was a place he had bought in a high-end apartment building in the center of Songhai city. It was a basement which previously had actually been an underground supermarket.

When Elder Zuo Wu found this place back then, there had been seals stuck all over the underground supermarket, and the real estate agent had been evasive about it. Frustrated that they couldn't find tenants or buyers, they had cut the rent and selling price three times in a row. Elder Zuo Wu didn't even check the place out before directly buying it.

Not only was it cheap, what was more important was that it was extremely dark, making it exceptionally ideal for creating a dark chamber in which to hide the wax figurine puppet for the substitution. A lot of forbidden spells didn't just require human effort; the surroundings in which they were used were also very important. The geographical location of this dark chamber was a big factor in Elder Zuo Wu being able to instantly cast the spell to escape to this place.

"What useless trash..."

At that moment, Elder Zuo Wu was kneeling in the middle of the chamber with a defeated expression, blood still dripping from the corner of his mouth.

In front of him was a skinny person with a deathly white face who was carrying a black umbrella - President Bai. Even if this was just a clone, that cold, light snort had still sounded like rolling thunder which shook the depths of Elder Zuo Wu's heart, and he promptly couldn't help bleeding from the seven orifices of his head.

President Bai's cultivation was too high, far beyond what Elder Zuo Wu could imagine, and it overwhelmed him.

Was this... the power of a True Immortal?

Sure enough, every move he made was the most imposing...

Standing next to the young man was a person whom Elder Zuo Wu had never seen before. The man wore a purple Daoist robe and heavy makeup on his face, and actually seemed to have a feminine allure... This was a very beautiful man.

This man was also a clone. Elder Zuo Wu had never seen him before, but since he could stand beside President Bai like that, it showed that this man's status wasn't ordinary.

"Ji Xing, what do you think?" President Bai said mildly as he called the man by name.

"If he had used those six hundred flying swords right away, he could have beaten the other party even if he couldn't kill him," Ji Xing, the beautiful young man, answered, "so obviously, there's something wrong with Elder Zuo Wu's line of thinking."

Elder Zuo clenched his teeth a little grudgingly.

President Bai stared at this scene and frowned. "Zuo Wu, what do you have to say for yourself?"

"There's an Almighty behind the other party who stretched out one hand to directly pull me out of the space; I couldn't do anything about it! President, please verify it for yourself! That isn't an enemy I can deal with." Elder Zuo Wu was very agitated when he said this. Because of his internal injury from the "Hand of Heaven" attack, and coupled with the pressure from President Bai, he was so stirred up that the qi and blood inside his body couldn't help flowing backward, and blood started to spurt uncontrollably from his nose again.

The beautiful man named Ji Xing sneered. "Isn't this the result of you drawing out the fight? President Bai and I already guessed that there's an Almighty behind the other party, which is why President Bai bestowed six hundred invisible flying swords on you this time. But you? You probably wanted to save some for yourself for your own use later, right?"

When Ji Xing said this, President Bai's face darkened. Zuo Wu had worked for him for many years, no less than Mr Lu. In the end, however, there was something wrong with his thinking, when all was said and done. President Bai felt that Elder Zuo Wu had gone too far; he actually hadn't seized the decisive opportunity to directly ambush and kill the other party neatly, but had only thought about his future interests.

President Bai thus had an especially grim expression on his face. "Zuo Wu, you let me down."

He clenched his fist so hard that there was the deafening crack of an explosion in the air, and Elder Zuo Wu jolted on the spot as he almost lost consciousness.

Elder Zuo Wu was even more seriously injured...

Even if he recovered later from this type of injury, it would leave behind severe residual effects. Worse still, if anything went wrong, his realm would likely be stuck at this level forever.

"Zuo Wu..." The deathly pale young man stared at him with the expression of a torturer from hell. "In the many years that you've worked for me, I never treated you violently. But your mistake today was one you shouldn't have made. This is just a reprimand; for the time being, I'll spare your life."

Elder Zuo Wu couldn't do anything about his bleeding seven orifices; he was completely drenched in sweat as his body trembled violently.

After that, he saw President Bai directly turn his back on him and say indifferently, "Ji Xing, let's go..."

The beautiful man next to President Bai didn't say anything, and only gave Elder Zuo Wu a pitying look before finally turning around and disappearing together with President Bai.

It was as if the thunder calmed down after they left, and Elder Zuo Wu breathed a little easier.

"Goddamnit..." Elder Zuo Wu thumped the ground painfully. He couldn't forget the look in the eyes of that beautiful man named "Ji Xing," who had regarded him like a pitiful creature before leaving. Although he hadn't shown any sort of expression, there had been a weighty sense of ridicule in his eyes, which had thoroughly shattered Elder Zuo Wu's pride.

Elder Zuo Wu was very unhappy, but he couldn't refute it.

Because everything the man had said was spot on.

In that fight earlier, he indeed had selfishly wanted to keep some of the invisible flying swords for his own use later. But at the same time, Elder Zuo Wu hadn't expected such a powerful Almighty to be keeping watch behind the other party...

He couldn't forget that hand that had pulled him out of the space. With exquisite skin and refined lines, it clearly belonged to a teenager, but it gave people a strong sense of the heavens pressing down, as if it had boundless ruling power.

Elder Zuo Wu took a deep breath and forced himself to calm down and not think about it.

What was more important right now was to treat his injuries.

Since he had used the Puppet Substitution Spell, theoretically speaking, no one should know his whereabouts.

No matter how strong that man was, he couldn't possibly figure out that he was hiding here, could he?

Cursing in his heart, Elder Zuo Wu took out a jade bottle of fast-healing pills for use as emergency treatment, which could reduce the severity of internal injuries.

But just as Elder Zuo Wu popped the pills into his mouth, the metal door of the supermarket was actually smashed open with a bang!

Elder Zuo Wu was frightened into spitting out the fast-healing pills before he could swallow them.

Then, he saw that silver-haired young person from before standing at the door and staring at him with a broad smile on his face.





Chapter 634 I Was Obviously Here First!


The surprise... was a little much...

Xiao Yin's appearance directly made Elder Zuo Wu's blood vessels explode one after another, exacerbating his injury. He had no idea how this silver-haired young man had found this place, but at that moment, his entire head dripped with cold sweat and he didn't have time to bother about what technique this silver-haired young man had used.

This scene was projected into the SUV by Xiao Yin. When Lord Thunder saw where Xiao Yin's clone was, he felt that this basement supermarket seemed somewhat familiar...

Wait...

Wasn't this the place which the old devil and the Master of Shadow Stream had used as a hideout and ordered takeout from...

Lord Thunder carefully identified the surroundings and confirmed that he wasn't mistaken.

He then took a deep breath and couldn't help sighing in his heart: Amazingly, history indeed repeated itself...

In fact, it hadn't been long since the old devil was arrested. There had been a long and tedious trial between his imprisonment and the final sentence. Generally speaking, something like this took roughly from half a year to a year, but beginning with the old devil up until now, quite a number of individuals had already been put into Songhai First Prison one after another: Jiang Liuying, the sister of the Master of Shadow Stream, had been the first to go in, and then the old devil and the Master of Shadow Stream herself, Jiang Liuyue.

After that, Cheng Yu, the Master of Immortal Mansion, and Evil Sword God had also been sent there one after another; as important prisoners, they were put in Spirit Shackles before they were locked up in the same special cell with the old devil.

Suddenly, Lord Thunder was a little curious: If President Bai was captured and also put in jail... Three people could only play "Fight theLandlord 1 ," but four people could play mahjong!

1(Fight the Landlord ('Dou Di Zhu') is a Chinese card game.) "Brother Xiao, leave him alive, this is a good chance for us to catch President Bai," said Lord Thunder as he steadily drove his SUV.

Xiao Yin nodded. "Okay, I'll try my best."

While this was just a clone and wouldn't exhibit all of Xiao Yin's strength, Elder Zuo Wu was now seriously injured. If he struggled or resisted, his injury might be aggravated and even become life-threatening, so Xiao Yin wanted to try persuading him.

"I can instantly heal your internal injury without any side effects, if you're willing to come with me." Xiao Yin stared at Elder Zuo Wu as he made the offer. An internal injury of this degree only required a few drops of his holy blood to be completely healed.

But the look in Elder Zuo Wu's eyes was full of defiance, and it was clear that he had no intention of surrendering.

Although Xiao Yin's offer was indeed very tempting...

Elder Zuo Wu wasn't a fool. Judging from the silver-haired young man's current attitude, it was clear that the other party had no plans to kill him. Instead, the other party was urging him to surrender so that he could give up information on the "Demon Hunters Association" and President Bai.

Elder Zuo Wu now suddenly understood why Mr Lu was missing.

Considering the other party's methods, it was highly likely that Mr Lu had been persuaded to surrender and was now heavily guarded as a witness.

"You've already hidden Mr Lu, haven't you?" Elder Zuo Wu clutched his chest as his qi and blood rolled inside him.

The moment Elder Zuo Wu spoke, Lord Thunder couldn't help raising his eyebrows. He felt like he could understand why President Bai was willing to keep this Elder Zuo Wu around despite his mediocre realm; it was precisely because Elder Zuo Wu was very intelligent. Sometimes, a high realm didn't mean keen enough insight. Any expert who was difficult to handle was bound to have someone by their side acting as a strategist and intelligent think tank.

It was clear that Elder Zuo Wu was this type of person.

It was just unfortunate that their intelligence was often their downfall. Stashing away the invisible flying swords earlier instead of choosing to completely use all of them was a prime example of a miscalculation by this smart Elder Zuo Wu.

While Xiao Yin didn't say anything, Elder Zuo Wu already knew the answer from the look in his eyes.

His gaze was fixed on Xiao Yin. Even in this situation, he didn't show the slightest bit of hesitation. "I advise you to give up. Mr Lu and I are at the same level in the association, but I will never give in as easily as he did... A demon tribe in the end is a demon tribe. Once they get scared, they'll surrender. They don't have any backbone at all! If you think I'll agree blindly like them, you're dead wrong!"

Xiao Yin pursed his lips; he hadn't expected this Elder Zuo Wu to be so strong-willed.

"You have no idea how long I've been with President Bai..." Elder Zuo Wu clenched his fists tight. He didn't care at all whether other people understood him or not.

When he had been at his lowest point back then, it was President Bai who took him in. To be able to possess the realm he had today was all because of President Bai. He was one of the first members of the Demon Hunters Association when it was founded and he had devoted a lot of time to its development.

He had felt that he was already President Bai's trusted aide, but had never expected President Bai to actually have this beautiful man beside him. Elder Zuo Wu thought he had a record of all the elders of the Demon Hunters Association in his mental notebook, but "Ji Xing"... who on earth was this person?

He had done so much for the president for so many years, yet in spite of that, he hadn't gained President Bai's full trust...

Elder Zuo Wu's heart hurt badly and he felt cold — he had obviously been here first! Why was that person so familiar with the president?

The more he thought about it, the more agitated Elder Zuo Wu became. It was just slight tremors in his heart at first before his body ultimately shook with uncontrollable anger. Even his eyes misted over with the color of blood.

Something wasn't right about this condition, which made Xiao Yin frown deeply.

"Do you know..." Elder Zuo Wu stared fixedly at Xiao Yin with very red eyes.

Xiao Yin: "???"

"I can die for the president!" Elder Zuo Wu said resolutely.

Xiao Yin sweated. "Brother... brother, you need to calm down, pal..."

But Elder Zuo Wu already couldn't hear him any longer. His entire being had already transformed at the question in his own heart just now. Even his mental state had changed, at that moment when that man called "Ji Xing" had given him that look before leaving; that expression haunted his thoughts like a nightmare.

Elder Zuo Wu sneered, his face tinged purple and white from his internal injury, and it gave Xiao Yin a forbidding chill. "Don't think you can get any information out of me... I'll die to prove my loyalty to the president."

Right after that, he actually reached directly into the crotch of his trousers and took out a magic artifact the size of a marble.

This was a Tian Gang 2 Grenade! It was a very rare explosive magic weapon which contained the Thunder of Heavenly Tribulation from ascending to the Soul Formation stage, a tremendous power!

2(Ranked second of the 36 Heavenly Spirits and one of the 108 Stars of Destiny in the Chinese cultural imagination.) Lord Thunder was taken aback. This person... actually hid a grenade in the crotch of his trousers 3 !

3(From a TV drama which sparked political and moral controversy following a scene of a female character hiding a grenade in her pants while visiting her husband in a jail guarded by Japanese soldiers ..)





Chapter 635 Insurance of One Hundred Million


Right at that moment, President Bai and that Elder Ji Xing next to him hadn't gone very far and were at the top of this apartment building. When they turned around earlier, they teleported to the top floor of the apartment, which they had just bought by giving the previous owner a price he couldn't refuse, in order to monitor Elder Zuo Wu's movements.

The truth was that President Bai had already anticipated that Elder Zuo Wu would fail in this operation. Before Elder Zuo Wu had set out, President Bai had deliberately looked for a diviner, who had given him an ominous reading.

At that moment, the surveillance monitor was showing the inside of the basement supermarket which Elder Zuo Wu had turned into a secret dark chamber. Before he left, President Bai had left behind an Eye of Nothingness1. This was President Bai's own eyeball which he had directly plucked out of his eye socket and which could be used as surveillance whenever necessary.

1(An ability from the game "Dungeon Fighters Online.") Because of his powerful self-healing ability, any organ in his body was dispensable for President Bai. Even if his heart was dug out, it could grow back in an instant. Thus, when the Demon Hunters Association had just started out back then, President Bai had specially looked for black market merchants who dealt in top-quality cultivator organs, and had sold his own organs in order to build up huge amounts of capital.

President Bai was monitoring everything that was happening in the supermarket through his eyeball.

While he was looking at the image, Ji Xing, who was next to him, said, "I was curious why Lord President went easy on Zuo Wu; it turned out you expected him to commit suicide?"

As he spoke, the beautiful man didn't forget to take out a powder puff to patch up the slight cracks in his makeup. His makeup was so thick that sometimes a slight smile would cause the powder to fall off or the makeup to crack, so he always carried a powder puff on him and would touch it up from time to time.

President Bai leaned back against the sofa as the black Wuji Umbrella floating quietly above his head. He said indifferently, "Zuo Wu has followed me for many years, after all. I'm quite familiar with his personality."

While part of his decision not to kill Elder Zuo Wu right away earlier had to do with their many years as master and servant, this was in fact only a very small part.

If he really cared about this friendship, he wouldn't have deliberately injured Elder Zuo Wu again when the latter was already seriously injured.

The fact was that this very move made his attitude explicitly clear to Elder Zuo Wu.

Elder Zuo Wu had to die.

But President Bai preferred that Elder Zuo Wu do it himself.

That way, he would feel a little less guilty.

Of course, if Elder Zuo Wu didn't understand his meaning, it wasn't a big deal.

President Bai would have Elder Ji Xing act on his behalf to get rid of Elder Zuo Wu.

But looking at the current situation, it really wasn't necessary.

"Elder Zuo Wu has followed Lord President for many years. If Elder Zuo Wu really dies, will Lord President be very sad?" Ji Xing smiled coldly.

Sad?

Perhaps...

"If I have time in the future, I'll light incense in front of Zuo Wu's grave during the festival season," President Bai said. "We don't have much time left... everything is about making sure the master plan goes smoothly."

Elder Ji Xing raised his eyebrows. He knew what President Bai meant by the master plan - it was the Demon Hunters Association's ultimate goal for expanding their power in Huaxiu nation all these years. Everything was for the sake of obtaining the grade thirteen magic spell "Moon Burial Spell" which Devil King had left behind in Beast King's Remains. As long as they could obtain this great world-destroying spell, the Demon Hunters Association and "Night Chief" would control everything.

To accomplish great things, it was necessary to make the appropriate sacrifices.

For the sake of their "Moon Burial Plan," Night Chief had already poured incalculable investments into setting up the "Demon Hunters Association" in Huaxiu.

Gazing at the surveillance monitor at that moment, which was streaming from his eyeball, President Bai smiled enigmatically. "This time, you were right, Ji Xing."

"I'm always right. Since I was the one who made the Wuji Umbrella in your hand, I naturally have a particular sensitivity to the materials used. I made this Wuji Umbrella back then with forty-nine holy beast skins, and to this day, it still felt like it was lacking something. But now..."

Ji Xing smiled and stared at the figure of the silver-haired young man on the monitor. "Now it seems we will finally be able to make up for this lack... the Wuji Umbrella is also pivotal in obtaining Devil King's grade thirteen spell."

At this moment, the two of them looked at Elder Zuo Wu's emotional face on the monitor screen once again as he took out the "Tian Gang Grenade"...

...

"Brother Xiao, is there a way to stop him?" At the same time, Lord Thunder was also looking at the image which Xiao Yin's clone was projecting into the SUV.

He had thought about getting Xiao Yin to try and stop Elder Zuo Wu, but instead he couldn't do anything but sigh with regret. Sometimes, a person's imagination was too frightening; Xiao Yin actually hadn't said anything at all, yet this Elder Zuo Wu had started to get agitated all on his own with a "no matter who tries to persuade me, it's no use" mentality.

Then, Lord Thunder saw the determined look in Elder Zuo Wu's eyes... It was reminiscent of the righteous and revered Master of Guangming Peak who had been willing to sacrifice himself for everyone when the sect was besieged by the six great sects2.

2(A plot point in the novel "The Heaven Sword and Dragon Saber..') Because of his family's connections with the influential Tang Sect, which dealt in secret weapons, Lord Thunder had a certain understanding of secret weapons. If this Tian Gang Grenade exploded at a distance, no one would be killed... but the problem now was that Elder Zuo Wu was seriously injured, and it could be said that death was inevitable in an explosion at such close range.

That wouldn't do; they needed this Elder Zuo Wu alive.

Xiao Yin's holy beast blood could heal injuries, but it couldn't wholly bring people back to life.

There was only one way...

As he was driving, quick-thinking Lord Thunder immediately sent Wang Ling a text message. "Brother Ling! Are you there?! It's urgent! I know you're lurking!"

Wang Ling responded in almost a second. "..."

Lord Thunder: "It's an emergency; I've caught an elder of the Demon Hunters Association, but he wants to kill himself. Do you have a way to bring him back to life?"

Wang Ling's reply only had five simple words: "Restricted entry. Can't go in."

Lord Thunder had obviously expected this earlier on. "Then would it be possible for Brother Ling to please help me deliver something to Brother Xiao's clone?"

Wang Ling: "?"

Lord Thunder replied with three words: "Soul Suppression Ring." It was the only way he could think of at the moment to resurrect Elder Zuo Wu without incident.

Wang Ling: "..."

"It's just sending it over... It won't be damaged, right, Brother Ling?"

Lord Thunder reluctantly took off his "Soul Suppression Ring.""I insured it for one hundred million!"

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 636 One Hundred Million Is Extravagant and a Waste!


Insured for one hundred million...

Because the pocket money they received was limited, most kids Wang Ling's age actually found it hard to imagine what one hundred million was like; they just knew it was a huge sum of money!

Wang Ling sighed in his heart. Why take out a one hundred million insurance policy... Even if the ring was damaged, just spend several million on raw materials and he could make another dozen or so rings... That was one hundred million! How many crispy noodle snacks could he buy with that? He could even open a noodle factory and make them himself to sell!

Wang Ling thought this was a real extravagance and a waste!

Hm, this wasn't right!

A hundred million! What a pity...

But perhaps, this was what a big shot would do.

After all, a hundred million was just a small goal for a big shot.

On the other side, Elder Zuo Wu was already completely prepared to die valiantly as a martyr. This Tian Gang Grenade actually wouldn't do much damage to Xiao Yin; to be more precise, it wouldn't even injure his clone at all. At most, it would just be a surface injury. Furthermore, even if it was just a clone, it also had a strong self-healing ability which would instantly heal a surface injury.

Elder Zuo Wu had a determined look on his face as he adopted the attitude of one ready to die a hero's death, Tian Gang Thunder in hand. He looked like the Huaxiu resistance fighters from several thousand years ago. Xiao Yin had recently been binge-watching local Huaxiu TV shows. When "Sun Island" invaded Huaxiu thousands of years ago, countless anti-Sun heroes had emerged. When these Sun devils charged forward, quite a number of anti-Sun heroes had bravely sacrificed themselves with grenades in hand and took their enemies down with them, becoming national heroes praised and revered by the people!

Xiao Yin felt that the determination in Elder Zuo Wu's eyes at that moment was just like those heroes in the TV shows, it was so realistic!

Elder Zuo Wu probably had a talent for acting, right?

While Xiao Yin's imagination was running wild, he saw a big hand stretch forward out of thin air...

Hand of Heaven!

It was Master's hand!

Master was delivering Lord Thunder's ring!

Xiao Yin was very excited all of a sudden. He felt that this hand was very good-looking. With well-shaped fingers, it was white and flawless, just like extremely refined jade porcelain!

He was slightly dazed when he looked at this hand, and couldn't help swallowing his saliva... For some reason, he really wanted to lick it!

Now more than ever, Xiao Yin looked forward to the day that Master would put a leash on his collar and take him for a walk on the streets.

To be led on a walk by such a pair of beautiful hands; what a fine image that was!

While Xiao Yin was thinking this, Lord Thunder's Soul Suppression Ring had already been delivered to Elder Zuo Wu's side. This was his second time seeing Wang Ling's hand and he was scared out of his wits.

"Everyone back off! If I, Zuo Wu, die today, I'll drag you all down with me!" Saying this, he crushed the marble in his hand and the Tian Gang Grenade exploded on the spot, the thunderous explosion blowing up the basement supermarket and directly destroying everything.

The Tian Gang Grenade was very destructive. If it exploded here, it would take the whole building with it.

But Wang Ling's Hand of Heaven just so happened to be here, and it absorbed the powerful aftershock from the explosion so that the situation didn't look so serious.

Looking at the surveillance monitor, President Bai and Elder Ji Xing stood up on the top floor of the building. The moment the explosion happened, the Eye of Nothingness had also been destroyed, and there was nothing but white noise now on the monitor.

The Tian Gang Grenade had indeed exploded as they had felt the apartment building tremble. But given the power of the grenade, it should in theory have been enough to cause this building to collapse.

"That person behind the scenes must have done something again."

President Bai narrowed his eyes. Since the other party had the formidable strength to tear open a space, their ability to withstand the fallout from an explosion of this magnitude was well within President Bai's calculations.

"Mm."

Elder Ji Xing nodded his head and quickly closed his eyes as he reached out with his awareness for a bit. He then laughed a little mockingly. "But even then, there's nothing the other party can do about Elder Zuo Wu's death. Everything has gone as President Bai expected. Elder Zuo Wu's aura has disappeared; what a miserable end."

President Bai looked down at the floor with the profound expression of one who had already foreseen everything. "Alright, let's go."

He turned around, and Elder Ji Xing came to his side. The little black umbrella that had been floating in the air behind them suddenly started to spin in that moment, slowly growing in size to cover them in black light.

Finally, they disappeared.

...

Roughly two or three minutes after President Bai's departure, Elder Zuo Wu, who had already been blown to smithereens by the Tian Gang Grenade, cried out in pain amidst the haze. "Fuck! It hurts..."

Only now did he understand how painful it was to be blown up; it hurt like hell, like his entire body had been torn apart!

Emm... Wait!

It seemed he had already been torn apart!

But why was he still conscious?

Logically speaking, it shouldn't be like this...

The Tian Gang Grenade was so destructive that once the body was destroyed, even the soul would be scattered by its mighty aftershock. So logically speaking, he shouldn't be conscious at all!

Could it be that his fixation was so strong that it had resulted in another supernatural phenomenon and turned him into an earthbound spirit?

Elder Zuo Wu was shaken by this abrupt twist in events - this was already beyond his realm of understanding. He had already died, yet apparently not, though he still couldn't move. The scene before him was of the supermarket that had been turned into ruins by the explosion. Most importantly, that silver-haired young man was still standing in front of him, and had never left from beginning to end.

That Tian Gang Grenade had exploded at such close range but this silver-haired young man unexpectedly hadn't been hurt in the slightest... Elder Zuo Wu felt that he had used a very wasteful and idiotic way to kill himself.

What the hell was with this situation?

He completely didn't understand what was going on; he only saw specks floating in the air nearby as they recombined into lumps of flesh.

Elder Zuo Wu: "???"

Then, an unbelievable thing happened.

Elder Zuo Wu, who had already been annihilated by the Tian Gang Grenade, discovered that his body was actually being reconstructed bit by bit. Every single strand of hair was in place; the most magical thing of all was that he was even completely recovered from his internal injury! What shook him the most, furthermore, was that his Daoist robe which should have already been destroyed was actually also restored.

It was only at this moment that he realized that he hadn't died - he had probably been brought back to life by some power!

Xiao Yin slowly walked toward him and picked up that Soul Suppression Ring from the ground. While the Tian Gang Grenade was powerful, the Soul Suppression Ring was a world-defying magic treasure that couldn't be damaged at all by this level of power.

Xiao Yin took out a wet wipe from his pocket and wiped the ring clean all over. He then watched as Elder Zuo Wu's body was restored bit by bit, and he couldn't help staring at Elder Zuo Wu with a faint smile. "Being blown apart just now must have really hurt, right? If that wasn't enough for you, you can blow yourself up several more times. In any case, you definitely won't die!"

Elder Zuo Wu: "..."





Chapter 637 Little Master


Elder Zuo never ever expected to actually be completely resurrected and even recovered from his internal injury. He was now full of vim and vigor. No prizes for guessing that this had to be the power of that Almighty senior who, with one hand, had directly dragged him out of the space. To actually be able to bring people back to life - what kind of formidable power was that?

Elder Zuo Wu's gaze couldn't help resting on that simple, pitch-black ring in Xiao Yin's hand. He didn't know its origin, but he was certain that it was the power of this ring that had brought him back to life. A magic ring capable of resurrection... anyone would know that it was definitely that senior behind the scenes who had created it.

He had seen two giant hands appear earlier - it had to have been this senior who had sent the ring over.

Looking at Elder Zuo Wu's flabbergasted expression, Xiao Yin couldn't help spreading his hands. "These are just basic operations, you don't have to be so shocked. Actually, my master can bring people back to life even without this ring."

Bringing people back to life even without a magical artifact...

Elder Zuo Wu's heart was shaken. Can it be that your master is the embodiment of Heavenly Dao?

But he didn't dare directly raise this question in the end, since he completely understood that the strength of this Almighty senior behind the scenes was of a different dimension altogether, higher than even that of President Bai; even the latter himself couldn't create a magic artifact capable of resurrection.

As far as Elder Zuo Wu knew, a branch of resurrection spells did exist, but they had already long been lost. Furthermore, recalling how he had been brought back to life, it seemed more like this resurrection ring had put his soul in stasis on the spot and then directly created a brand new body as a foundation for it.

This wasn't hard for Elder Zuo Wu to figure out since he had been conscious during the entire resurrection process.

As for Xiao Yin's remark that his master could bring people back to life even without any magical artifacts...

Elder Zuo Wu didn't have any reason not to believe it.

This strength wasn't even in the same dimension; he didn't even dare wonder what this senior's level was.

"I'm quite curious." After experiencing death in an explosion, Elder Zuo Wu had calmed down. "Since this senior behind the scenes wants to uphold justice, killing President Bai would take no effort at all given senior's strength. Why is he going through all this trouble?"

"Because we live in a lawful society!" Xiao Yin promptly replied.

Elder Zuo Wu was speechless and sunk into deep thought at this reply.

Although Xiao Yin hadn't followed Wang Ling for very long, he had already learned quite a lot of the rules of living in human society. There were many times when a person's three views would be influenced by their surroundings. All this time, Xiao Yin felt that following Wang Ling faithfully was absolutely the right thing to do.

Just like Elder Zuo Wu had said, it would take Master no time at all to finish off President Bai with his abilities. In the current situation, however, they wanted to capture President Bai alive and send him to jail to "play mahjong," which was a lot harder to do than just killing him.

That was because President Bai still had too many unknown secrets on him.

Elder Zuo Wu sat cross-legged and inwardly inspected his brand new body. As expected, the curse mark which President Bai had carved into his body had also disappeared.

This curse mark was used to prevent members of the Demon Hunters Association from leaking organization secrets, but it only worked on human beings. Among the many higher-ups in the Demon Hunters Association previously, Mr Lu had been the only demon. Now that Elder Zuo Wu thought about it carefully, he felt that the reason why President Bai always had Mr Lu with him was perhaps to prevent him from inadvertently letting out any secrets.

It all made sense...

Elder Zuo Wu sighed in his heart as he recalled how President Bai had flown into a terrible rage after losing contact with Mr Lu previously and demanded that he be found as quickly as possible.

"Since you already have Mr Lu's testimony, what do you need me for?" Elder Zuo Wu stared at Xiao Yin and asked.

"Mr Lu is a demon, after all, and humans and demons walk different paths. Even if he has some information on the Demon Hunters Association, it would certainly be limited, right?" Xiao Yin replied.

Elder Zuo Wu flinched violently when he heard this - he hadn't expected this silver-haired young man, who looked harmless and slightly otherworldly, to actually be pretty intelligent. The truth was that what he said was right; President Bai hadn't told Mr Lu everything, and the latter actually knew very little.

Hm... actually, it was Lord Thunder who had taught Xiao Yin all these words in the car earlier.

Elder Zuo Wu heaved a deep sigh. "Since you want to know so badly, then I'll go with you; I'll tell you the truth. I've already lost this fight."

" Ai ? You're admitting defeat just like this? I thought you would put up a little more resistance... You probably still have some more Tian Gang Grenades on you, right? Why don't you set a few more off? When it went off just now, the Thunder of Heavenly Tribulation inside blew up like a firework, it looked pretty good!" Xiao Yin opened his eyes wide.

"..."

Elder Zuo Wu noticed that this silver-haired young man seemed a bit of a dunce!

"I was indebted to President Bai, which was the real reason why I couldn't betray him. To protect his secrets, I could even sacrifice my life. But I've already died once, and I don't owe him anything now," Elder Zuo Wu said apathetically.

His explanation was very clear, but Xiao Yin wouldn't drop his guard just like that.

...

In the SUV, after confirming that Elder Zuo Wu had already surrendered, Xiao Yin used his clone to keep an eye on the man while he immediately took out his phone to type out a text message.

Lord Thunder glanced at the recipient of Xiao Yin's text message out of the corner of his eye and felt that this number was a little familiar. "Who are you texting?"

"Little Master," Xiao Yin answered promptly.

Lord Thunder was blank for a bit... Wang Ling was Master... who was Little Master?

"Brother Xiao, is this little master related to Brother Ling?" Lord Thunder asked.

"Of course he is, Little Master is Master's scapegoat!" answered Xiao Yin.

Realization dawned on Lord Thunder. "..." It turned out this little master was Zhuo Yi... Screw what little master!

After around ten minutes of Xiao Yin standing guard over Elder Zuo Wu, the police arrived on the scene in a hurry. The thunderous storm caused by the Tian Gang Grenade earlier had alarmed the residents in this neighborhood, and several fire trucks and police cars swiftly blocked off this apartment's basement level.

Although the basement was already in complete shambles, none of the police or firefighters made any move after rushing over. This was because before they arrived, they had gotten a call from Warden Liang as a senior official who instructed them to follow General Director Zhuo's arrangements.

Zhuo Yi had been the chief overseer of the President Bai case since the beginning, so it made sense for him to take charge of this matter

"This is the situation, Mr Xiao Yin, Director Zhuo will be here soon." The district police captain saluted Xiao Yin.

Sitting cross-legged on the side, Elder Zuo Wu leisurely lifted his eyelids. "Director Zhuo? Who is that?" He felt that the name sounded a little familiar...

"My little master," Xiao Yin replied.

"Is he strong?"

"Of course! Previously, the Master of Shadow Stream, Devil Emperor Gua Pi, and the Master of Immortal Mansion all fell at his hand!"

"..."





Chapter 638 Spirit Energy Inhibitor


Elder Zuo Wu was more sincere than Xiao Yin had expected; he just sat cross-legged and motionless in one spot before Zhuo Yi's arrival, and didn't make any strange moves. Xiao Yin had worried that Elder Zuo Wu was just feigning surrender; he had been using his power of perception to monitor for any fluctuations of spirit energy from the other party.

He was worried that Elder Zuo Wu might tip President Bai off, and so had been on alert the whole time.

No matter what magic was used, even the smallest communication spell would cause a fluctuation in spirit energy.

But Elder Zuo Wu looked like he had completely given up and didn't put up any resistance at all.

"Thank you for your hard work, Brother Xiao Yin, leave the rest to me." Zhuo Yi took over from Xiao Yin.

It wasn't until Xiao Yin saw Zhuo Yi put the "Spirit Shackles" on Elder Zuo Wu that he breathed a sigh of relief.

These Spirit Shackles were the treasure that had also been used to arrest the Old Devil before. Once they were on, even a True Immortal's strength would be completely suppressed. Or rather than saying that their strength was suppressed, the shackles prevented spirit energy from working, and guarded against the use of hand seals. It functioned a little like a "Spirit Energy Inhibitor," a type of magic artifact which forcefully suppressed spirit energy output.

In comparison, the Spirit Shackles had a more complex structure. Apart from the other components inside the shackles, they also contained six "Spirit Energy Inhibitors."

Developing these Spirit Shackles thus had always been very tricky. After the capture of the Old Devil, Huaxiu's Cultivation Academy of Science had only had one pair left. The Master of Immortal Mansion had then been arrested, and all the Spirit Shackles were then officially in use.

The shackles that Elder Zuo Wu was now cuffed in were a pair that had just been produced through overtime work at the Academy. As far as Zhuo Yi knew, there actually weren't many in reserve... Besides the one on Elder Zuo Wu, the research institute had only produced one other pair.

If it wasn't because they had taken into consideration Elder Zuo Wu's suicidal tendencies, Zhuo Yi wouldn't have brought these Spirit Shackles with him.

But given the current situation, it was still better to act with caution before Elder Zuo Wu was officially in custody.

As Zhuo Yi thought this, he directed someone to take Elder Zuo Wu to the prisoner transport car.

Songhai First Prison had its own powerful barrier for suppressing prisoners, so there actually would be no need for Elder Zuo Wu to wear the Spirit Shackles any longer after he was sent there.

A magic artifact like the Spirit Shackles was better used on major criminals at the "mahjong-playing" level.

This sudden incident instigated by Elder Zuo Wu had ultimately resulted in his arrest.

News of it hadn't leaked to the media; rather, Zhuo Yi was doing all that he could to suppress it. Right now, President Bai was under the mistaken assumption that Elder Zuo Wu was already dead, which was the perfect cover-up. Perhaps this could be turned into a strategic plan for trapping President Bai.

...

Inside the prisoner transport car, Zhuo Yi sat next to Elder Zuo Wu with unperturbed calm. Seeing this, Elder Zuo Wu felt a little embarrassed. Even with the Spirit Shackles on, he was still a formidable individual with particular martial skills. Unexpectedly, this person wasn't afraid of him at all, he who was a veteran that had weathered great storms in life.

Zhuo Yi felt a little uncomfortable under Elder Zuo Wu's gaze, and he furrowed his brow as he returned it. "You have the right to remain silent."

"..."

After some silence, Elder Zuo Wu couldn't help asking, "Are you really... only at the Golden Core stage?"

He was very curious about this. Usually, there wouldn't be anyone among Huaxiu's upper ranks of officials with realms below the Nascent Soul stage; those at the Golden Core stage at the very most were police captains. If a Golden Core cultivator became a high-ranking official without making any contributions, it was easy to think that some strings had been pulled behind the scenes.

The problem was that for Golden Core cultivators in general, accomplishing great deeds was harder than reaching for the sky.

So it was very mystical how this Director Zhuo had been able to help capture the Master of Shadow Stream, the Old Devil, the Master of Immortal Mansion as well as Evil Sword God.

Zhuo Yi smiled. "Why? Looking down on the Golden Core stage?"

The truth was that Elder Zuo Wu wasn't the only person to raise this question, so Zhuo Yi was already no longer surprised by it. From the moment he had taken office, there had been all kinds of non-stop talk about him, but he wasn't worked up about it at all.

Zhuo Yi still remembered back when he had become deputy director after ineffably killing a demon king in a single strike. He had indeed felt panic-stricken then, but now, that feeling had already disappeared.

Because he knew very well that he had an all mighty shifu .

When the prisoner transport car arrived at Songhai First Prison, Elder Zuo Wu asked with great curiosity, "Are Devil Emperor Gua Pi, the Master of Immortal Mansion, and Evil Sword God... truly all inside?"

"That's right. Furthermore, they're all in the same special prison cell." Zhuo Yi nodded. "What, do you want their autographs?"

It looked like Zhuo Yi had hit the nail on the head as Elder Zuo Wu stared at him with an eager expression. "Can... can I?"

Zhuo Yi gave a faint smile. "... Forget it, you're too weak to be put in the same cell."

Elder Zuo Wu: "..."

Zhuo Yi: "But if you're willing to give a confession, I can help you get their autographs."

Elder Zuo Wu: "..."

Zhuo Yi had just come up with this idea, inspired by his shifu Wang Ling.

Why was Er Ha so rich?

A good portion of it was in fact from Zhuo Yi, who had asked Er Ha to record down what Wang Ling normally did at home in his daily life, in order to help Zhuo Yi gain enlightenment. Given his shifu's unsurpassed realm, every word and every action of his was worth pondering.

When Wang Ling had had the second mock exams the other day, Zhuo Yi had asked Er Ha to note down the work exercises that Wang Ling had bought. He had then run off to the bookshop to buy the same ones and started doing them. Although it had been years since he graduated, he firmly believed that there had to be a reason that his shifu was doing these exercises. A master could open the door, but a student had to enter it himself - he needed to work harder!

Like now, using autographs to lure Elder Zuo Wu into confessing... this was something that had struck Zhuo Yi from when Wang Ling had made the trade with Heavenly Dao.

The law of equivalent exchange!

Not only did it apply in a transaction with Heavenly Dao, it also functioned as bait!

...

Xiao Yin and Lord Thunder made it to the Wang family's small villa at around eight in the evening.

When Xiao Yin entered, Mother Wang was delighted. "Oh, Miss Silver, you've come!"

Mother Wang had always unwaveringly believed that this fair-faced lady was a girl...

"Mm, Thunder drove me here." Xiao Yin nodded his head. He didn't mind Mother Wang's misunderstanding about his gender. This was Master's esteemed mother; if he could make her happy, he didn't care about his mistaken gender at all.

"Where's Thunder? He didn't stay to chat?"

"He has something else to do, so he left first." Xiao Yin waved his hand and then took out two full sacks of broccoli from his storage pouch. "Thunder just harvested these; they're all for senior!"

Mother Wang dropped her forehead in her hand. "This is too much..." Actually, they already couldn't finish eating what they had.

Xiao Yin: "In the last two days, the father of magic rice, Great Lord Yuan Longping 1 , successfully planted immortal rice in the great desert, which had a huge impact on Thunder. He's determined to become the father of magic broccoli!"

1(Yuan Longping developed the first hybrid rice varieties in the 1970s, and is dubbed China's "father of hybrid rice .. ")





Chapter 639 Immortal Zhenyuan's Crisis


Although Xiao Yin was usually a little dumb, there was one thing he had gotten right; the reason why Lord Thunder hadn't come in this time mostly had to do with "broccoli"!

Lord Thunder felt that he hadn't brought enough!

Master Yuan Long Ping, father of magic rice, had been able to produce a crop of a hundred and eighty million jin of immortal rice in an extremely dry and inhospitable desert environment without needing to use gold earth. How advanced was this agricultural technology? Also, the most important thing was that this master hadn't patented this technology. If he had done so, he would have easily become the richest person in the world. But he hadn't! Since the beginning, this master had worked for the benefit of all mankind. What kind of high noble character was this?

Lord Thunder felt utterly inferior to him.

...

When Xiao Yin went upstairs, he found Er Ha already waiting for him. Since Master was reading at his desk, Xiao Yin didn't dare bother him at all; Er Ha had told him early on that it was taboo to distract Master when he was reading or doing revision.

Xiao Yin was a little disappointed, because he had brought the collar and the leash with him! Looking at the current situation, however, there wasn't any chance to use them at all!

It seemed he would have to look for another opportunity later.

Er Ha made a "hush" gesture at him and then wagged its tail as it led Xiao Yin to the bathroom. Because Er Ha had already used Lord Ma once, it was now adept at activating it.

Since Wang Ling had used Lord Ma once before to visit Drought Star, it already had a record of the planet's coordinates.

With Er Ha making another trip there, Lord Ma could immediately transport them.

When Xiao Yin followed Er Ha over and saw the toilet lid slowly open, his expression was astounded. "Is this a toilet gremlin enlightened by Master?"

Er Ha: "..."

Lord Ma: "..."

Er Ha: "You should call it Lord Ma."

Xiao Yin: "What do we need to do for the transfer? Drink water?"

Lord Ma almost passed out at hearing this. This person was also a contract beast, but why was this holy beast so dim-witted...

Er Ha: "No need, just wait for the transfer to happen. In a while, the golden transport light will fall on you."

Xiao Yin nodded his head. "I see..." He had in fact seen plenty of transference magic artifacts before, but most of them had built-in arrays. However, he couldn't see the slightest trace of an array setup on Lord Ma, which amazed him greatly!

...

Meanwhile, on Drought Star, Immortal Zhenyuan was more than halfway done with restoration works on the planet. Wind Spirit had wrecked such widespread destruction; by using the power of the primordial qi stored in the heart demon stone for the restoration works, not only was Immortal Zhenyuan atoning for carelessly causing his inner demon Wind Spirit to manifest, it was a way to absolve the latter of his crimes.

Fortunately, his inner demon hadn't fully taken shape. Before it completely devoured the original body, it was unable to stray too far from it. This was why Immortal Zhenyuan had done all he could to stay away from the human world, to prevent his inner demon from hatching wicked plots and committing unforgivable sins against it. But in the past several thousand years, Wind Spirit had secretly activated the Gate Between Worlds, which had led to misunderstandings between the demon world and the human world and which had caused major losses for both sides.

Immortal Zhenyuan had already come up with a way to make up for this.

After restoring Drought Star, he was going to contact the human cultivators and give them the planet. He hoped it would become the first suitable third-party planet on which humans and demons could live in peace together.

Wiping at his sweat, Immortal Zhenyuan observed the restoration progress from where he hovered in the air. Drought Star's surface was basically done; furthermore, Immortal Zhenyuan had neatly smoothed over the original cracks in the dry earth caused by a lack of water.

During the restoration works, he also hadn't forgotten to put down water-type magic arrays in the drier areas of Drought Star to ensure that the soil there was moist enough.

Restoring the earth surface as well as creating a more stable ecological environment had kept him occupied all these days.

Hands on his waist, he nodded in satisfaction. "The last thing now is to mend the space fissures."

The fissures had been created when a collision of advanced magic had torn the space apart, and were far trickier to fix compared with restoring the earth. Immortal Zhenyuan had thus decided to deal with it in one go after he was done with restoring the surface.

The space fissures on Drought Star actually weren't that bad compared with those in the demon world. Although restoring space was a little more complicated, Immortal Zhenyuan estimated that he would be able to finish everything in a month.

He took out a map which he had drawn before he started restoring the surface of the earth. On it, he had already marked places where he had seen space fissures.

"I'll start with the location closest to me!"

Immortal Zhen heaved a sigh; after confirming the closest target for restoration, he directly flew over.

But the scene in front of him made him frown when he realized that there were actually two space fissures... If there were two, he would have made a note of it on the map back then.

"Is this a newly-formed fissure?"

Cupping his chin, he frowned as he gazed at it.

He was just about to move closer for a look when he jerked and promptly fell back as his expression changed — he sensed a strange aura!

An indescribable sense of danger emanated from the space fissure in front of him.

"What's that?"

Immortal Zhenyuan knitted his eyebrows; what the space fissure was emitting didn't seem to be demon qi or spirit qi. Instead, it felt like the "primordial qi" which he had a small amount of stored inside his body.

"Can it be..." he frowned deeply and murmured to himself.

He thought of one possibility...

That was, what Second Generation Demon Saint had described before in the Holy Palace in the demon world, of a monster at the level of a vicious beast which had emerged from a mysterious space fissure.

Immortal Zhenyuan felt that he was quite a careful person. If he had known that there were two space fissures here back when he had drawn the map, he definitely wouldn't have just marked one down on the map. This strange space fissure was newly-formed; furthermore, it contained an extremely dangerous aura.

Just as he thought this, Immortal Zhenyuan suddenly saw a pitch-black fishtail poke out of the crack. It then turned, and a giant fish with black wings flew out of the space fissure and lunged at him...





Chapter 640 Young Kun!


It was a kun, and a giant one at that!

Furthermore, it was different from the one Immortal Zhenyuan had seen up at Demon Saint's Holy Palace. This was a scavenger kun which gave off the foulest of stenches, as if it had soaked in mud with rotting corpses; it was an extremely pungent smell.

It could already be considered a biochemical weapon!

Immortal Zhenyuan furrowed his brow and sealed his nasal acupuncture points with spirit energy to temporarily numb his sense of smell. Otherwise, he felt that the smell really would make him pass out; even a grand Venerated Immortal was reduced to this, not to mention other people.

The current situation practically matched Second Generation Demon Saint's scenario back then!

A mysterious space fissure, out of which appeared a mysterious prehistoric vicious beast which used "primordial qi" as its main source of energy... Then the question now was, where had this vicious beast come from?

"How troublesome... I already patched up the land, it looks like I'll have to do it again." Immortal Zhenyuan sighed inwardly. He clenched his fists and made his aura vanish completely, concealing himself with an undercover trick.

This scavenger kun might not be considered large, but it was a little bigger than the carcass Immortal Zhenyuan had seen in Demon Saint's Holy Palace back then. It wasn't a baby kun, but a young one which had yet to develop spiritual intelligence. Although the other party had already sensed his aura, it shouldn't become agitated as long as Immortal Zhenyuan didn't provoke it.

Despite that, however, this scavenger kun's reflexes were beyond what Immortal Zhenyuan imagined. Even though his aura was already concealed, this scavenger kun unexpectedly seemed to unerringly know where he was.

Immortal Zhenyuan shifted locations several times in a row, and the kun also changed its attack trajectory accordingly, its head pointed in his direction the entire time. Was the kun's head its sensor?

Or... was someone controlling this scavenger kun's movements behind the scenes?

Immortal Zhenyuan remembered that the baby multi-fanged kun in Demon Saint's Holy Palace had had a broken fishing line attached to its belly. If this fishing line could be used to direct and control the kun like a puppet string... then the current situation was much more complex than Immortal Zhenyuan had thought.

"Immortal Eye, open!" Thinking this, he didn't hesitate to open his Immortal Eye. Light gathered in his orange-colored pupils before finally blossoming open. In that instant, time seemed to slow down, and the whole world with it.

The faint qi of an immortal spread out with Immortal Zhenyuan at the center, causing his beautiful red hair to flutter.

With the power of the Immortal Eye, he searched the kun's body from tip to end, and his gaze very quickly caught on something!

"Blade, come!" He raised his hands and streams of red light flew swiftly out of his sleeves. He had never taken his life bonded magic weapon out before this, since he had never needed to. But now, against such a tough prehistoric vicious beast, he wouldn't hold anything back; if he was just a little careless, his life would truly be in danger.

In front of Immortal Zhenyuan, these streams of red light formed a disk which finally extended out to become an eight-point blade disk.

Once a cultivator reached a certain realm, they would have their own life bonded magic weapon, which was usually a first class holy weapon or world-defying magic weapon.

This red blade disk which Immortal Zhenyuan had now summoned was a world-defying magic weapon that had been created after being fed with his own blood for hundreds of years — Red Moon Blade Disk.

The disk had two forms; broken down, it could be used as eight separate curved blades in various kinds of extraordinary attacks, which allowed for more flexibility.

The second form was its current combined disk attack mode, which was even more destructive! While Immortal Zhenyuan still didn't know at present what the fishing line attached to the scavenger kun's body was made of, the one thing he could be sure of was that this "fishing line" could penetrate space without being corroded by the primal chaos of space. It was without doubt impossible for the disk to cut the fishing line in its first form.

Red Moon Blade Disk had incredible destructive power. As a world-defying magic weapon, its sharp points could forcefully cut the air apart and distort space just by flying through the air.

Under the massive pressure of Red Moon Blade Disk, the earth started to crack...

Zhenyuan's heart bled; he had only just restored the earth!

But given the current situation, it was a small price to pay - if he didn't stop this scavenger kun, Drought Star would definitely become even more wrecked.

Clang!!

Red Moon Blade Disk struck the "fishing line" with a muffled metallic clang... Immortal Zhenyuan could see faint sparks where they clashed.

"Needs to be harder..." His fiery Daoist robe fluttering in the air, Immortal Zhenyuan manipulated Red Moon Blade Disk into spinning much faster, and increased the friction between the blade points of the disk and this "fishing line" made from an unknown material with an ear-splitting sound.

Immortal Zhenyuan hadn't used this much power since Wind Spirit's disappearance. He went all out as he made Red Moon Blade Disk turn at the fastest speed possible!

That should do it...

Immortal Zhenyuan frowned deeply. At the same time, this scavenger kun on the ground screamed under the spinning disk. It was as if this fishing line was connected to its nerves. When the disk struck the fishing line, the kun had descended into madness, and looked like it was in agony.

Soon, the crisp sound of the fishing line snapping rang out.

Success!

Immortal Zhenyuan was elated.

But the instant the fishing line snapped, the scavenger kun started to uncontrollably spew purplish black rotting liquid on the ground. Fortunately, it was just a young kun and could be considered to be of moderate size at just over ten meters in length. If it was a fully grown giant kun, with a wingspan of fully a thousand zhang, Immortal Zhenyuan felt that even he himself would find it difficult to ward it off.

He didn't rush to make a move, but observed carefully from the air. He finally concluded that the scavenger kun spewing this rotting fluid was a stress response to the fishing line snapping, like when people puked after getting carsick.

After that "string" attached to its back was cut off, this young kun looked much less vicious, and also didn't feel as powerful as when it had first appeared.

When Immortal Zhenyuan hid himself slightly now, the other party was already unable to detect him.

It looked like baby kuns and young kuns indeed weren't able to attack on their own initiative.

This was something Immortal Zhenyuan had wondered about when he had seen that baby multi-fanged kun at Demon Saint's Holy Palace previously. Now, however, it seemed he had an explanation for it.

While both baby kuns and young kuns had attack potential, prehistoric vicious beasts at this stage usually wouldn't launch an attack of their own accord. As they matured, they would learn how to attack from their parents. At this stage, they still needed enough nutrition in order to grow, and carrying out an attack would usually hinder their growth.

Thus, whether it was that baby multi-fanged kun from before or this young scavenger kun, both had been manipulated by some other party.





Chapter 641 The Angler's Probe


After spewing the rotting liquid, the scavenger kun gradually calmed down. The Puppet Spell was an evil spell that was completely banned among human cultivators, given how malicious it was in principle: what it consumed wasn't the energy of the spellcaster, but the energy of the living being under the spell, who would continue to produce "energy" at the cost of their lifespan until they were dried up.

When this spell first became prevalent thousands of years ago, those that were under the spell were slowly squeezed completely dry of all their energy by the spellcaster before they ultimately died, while the spellcaster wasn't the least bit harmed!

Immortal Zhenyuan couldn't be sure whether this scavenger kun was being controlled through the Puppet Spell, but what was certain was that this particular spell worked pretty much in a similar way.

As he pondered, a golden light flickered in the sky, and Er Ha and Xiao Yin plummeted down through the air, wrapped in Wang Ling's golden light shield.

Since Er Ha's last visit to the demon world, Wang Ling had reset Lord Ma so that everyone who was transported through Lord Ma would have Wang Ling's golden light shield cast over them (except those whom Lord Ma flushed away).

Er Ha and Xiao Yin landed in front of the giant body of the scavenger kun.

"Senior Dog! What are you doing here?" Immortal Zhenyuan had a pleasantly surprised expression on his face.

Er Ha was shaken as it stared at the scavenger kun which looked as if it was sleeping on the ground.

They had been a step too late after all, but Zhenyuan looked fine, so the situation wasn't too terrible.

"I had a feeling that the angler might come after you, so I decided to come and take a look."

Er Ha nodded, and suppressed the shock it was feeling in its heart as it gave a knowing look. "Also, I specially made a weapon for you." With that, Er Ha lifted its eyes and motioned for Xiao Yin to hand over the "Three Views-Shattering Hammer."

They had agreed on this operation in advance.

When Xiao Yin passed the hammer over, he looked Immortal Zhenyuan up and down with a strange expression.

This was Immortal Zhenyuan, the legendary cultivator in today's world of human cultivators?

Xiao Yin felt that this red-haired young man in front of him wasn't that remarkable. In any case, he was definitely far inferior to Master. Otherwise, why couldn't he even tell that Er Ha next to him was pretending to be a senior?

"Senior Dog, who is this lovely girl?" Immortal Zhenyuan looked at Xiao Yin.

Xiao Yin: "..."

Er Ha: "He's1 my servant. I usually take him out for a walk. We just so happened to be coming by this way today, so I brought him along in passing."

1(A reminder that the vocalization of 'ta' as a third-person pronoun in Chinese doesn't distinguish between genders.) Xiao Yin: "I..."

Er Ha: "See the collar around his neck?"

Xiao Yin: "..."

Fuck! He had brought this on himself!

"I see!" Immortal Zhenyuan wore an enlightened expression.

Earlier, he had thought it was a little strange that the girl had a collar around her neck, but after Er Ha's explanation, Immortal Zhenyuan completely figured it out.

He scratched the back of his head and couldn't help giving praise. "That's just like Senior Dog. I see people walking their dogs all the time, but this is the first time I'm seeing a dog walk a person!" But although it was his first time, Immortal Zhenyuan didn't think it was strange at all.

Strength had always been king in the cultivation world, and cultivators would choose to raise spirit beasts as pets. However, there was no rule which said that a strong spirit beast couldn't sign a reverse labor contract to hire a cultivator.

Given Senior Dog's realm, it was normal for it to have several human servants, right?

Still, Zhenyuan thought that this fair-faced girl's aura didn't feel human, and even less like a spirit beast...

But Zhenyuan didn't dare ask too many questions. After all, it was their first meeting, and in front of Senior Dog to boot; if he raised too many questions, it would just look a little rude.

"So it has stopped?" Er Ha looked at the huge monster in front of it and asked about the situation.

"Yes, Senior Dog! This space fissure formed not very long ago, and I only noticed it when I was about to mend the rifts. I was going to plug up this crack, but this vicious thing came out of it. Just like what we saw at Demon Saint's Holy Palace the last time, there was a fishing line in this monster's belly. I cut it off with my life bonded magic weapon, Red Moon Blade Disk," Immortal Zhenyuan explained in detail.

As he spoke, a reddish-gold blade disk the size of a millstone spun slowly behind him. This was the first time that Er Ha saw Immortal Zhenyuan's life bonded magic weapon.

In fact, this Red Moon Blade Disk had shrunk down to this size; Immortal Zhenyuan could freely control its size.

"Is there anything left of the cut string?" Xiao Yin was curious.

"Part of it is still attached to this evil creature; the rest has already been swallowed up by the space fissure, and has probably been retrieved... I think it's similar to the Puppet Spell, and yet not. If it really was a pure Puppet Spell, controlling such a huge monster would be a little difficult."

Resting his chin in his hands, Immortal Zhenyuan looked at Er Ha. "Does Senior Dog know what kind of spell this is?"

Er Ha pretended to think about it deeply. "Hm, of course I know..."

On the side, Xiao Yin looked like he was watching a great show. Er Ha had overreached in its acting, and Xiao Yin was dying to see what Er Ha was going to say.

Er Ha: "I know, but there's no need for me to say it myself. I'll let my servant, Xiao Yin, do the explaining..."

Xiao Yin: "..." You fucker!

"What does Teacher Xiao Yin think?" Immortal Zhenyuan asked very carefully, even using an honorific.

This Miss Xiao Yin might indeed be Senior Dog's servant, but who was Senior Dog? Even if Miss Xiao Yin was a servant, her identity definitely wasn't one Immortal Zhenyuan could mess with.

Holy beasts and vicious beasts were originally archenemies, and while Xiao Yin hadn't had much contact with vicious beasts, he had already been aware of them from a very young age. That was when the holy beasts hadn't become extinct yet, and Dog Saint had yet to be turned into hot pot... It was a time when everything had been pretty good.

Xiao Yin gazed at the scavenger kun that looked as if it was fast asleep and frowned.

The Puppet Spell, huh...

This shouldn't really be possible; targets controlled by the Puppet Spell usually weren't too big. Several thousand years ago, the people who were adept in this art knew how to use the "Performance of a Hundred Puppets" technique, which meant that they could control a hundred puppets at the same time. Ultimately, however, these puppets were very small in size.

It would be very difficult to achieve your goal by using the Puppet Spell alone to control such a huge vicious beast.

"It's the Puppet Gu Spell2."

2(Refers to the 'gu' poison drawn from venomous bugs and typically used in black magic. Xiao Yin looked up and said all of a sudden.

He had thought of a black magic spell that could boost the strength of the Puppet Spell to its absolute limit...





Chapter 642 Puppet Gu Spell


"Not the Puppet Spell... but the Puppet Gu Spell?" Immortal Zhenyuan wore an expression of enlightenment and his admiration of "Senior Dog" immediately surged again like ocean waves.

As expected of Senior Dog; even a servant under him could think of something in a flash. Why hadn't he thought of it?

Indeed, if it was the Puppet Gu Spell, which was a more sinister spell than the Puppet Spell, controlling such a vicious beast was no longer a fantasy. The Puppet Gu Spell involved enhancing the Puppet Spell with a venom technique. The "string" and "incantation" used to control the puppet weren't the same; for the Puppet Gu Spell, a Gu bug had to be placed inside the body of the would-be puppet, and the strength of its poison combined with the "string" and "incantation" used would boost the Puppet Spell.

To control such an enormous vicious creature, the Gu bug inside it had to be frighteningly big!

Immortal Zhenyuan opened his Immortal Eye and spirit light shot straight out. He was going to use it to see through the scavenger kun's skin into its body, but very soon, he closed the Immortal Eye when it didn't work.

This was because the main energy source which drove this scavenger kun was the same as for the baby multi-fanged kun previously; both used primordial qi. The Immortal Eye, which largely used spirit energy as its energy source, thus had no way of penetrating the skin of a body covered in primordial qi.

"As I thought, it's no good..." Immortal Zhenyuan sighed. Currently, he had too little primordial qi in his body.

Xiao Yin licked his lips. "Want to cut it open for a look?"

"..."

Immortal Zhenyuan suddenly felt that this Miss Xiao Yin was a little scary.

Cut it open...

How could it be that easy?

He had used Red Moon Blade Disk earlier to cut off the fishing line on the back of the vicious creature, and the weapon's blade points had also partly scratched the surface of the scavenger kun's skin, but this seemingly "soft" skin was unexpectedly firm and couldn't be broken.

His Red Moon Blade Disk was a world-defying magic weapon! Its grade might not be high among world-defying magic weapons, having only just become an eighth-class weapon...

But this eighth-class world-defying magic weapon was still his life bonded magic treasure, with enough devastating power to very easily split open the immortal body of a True Immortal!

Yet such a magic weapon actually wasn't the least bit effective against this primordial vicious beast.

"Since this vicious creature is no longer moving, let's find a way first to plug up the crack." Immortal Zhenyuan frowned slightly; he wanted to close up that unusual space rift first before something untoward happened.

But just as he was about to make a move, a very aggressive sense of oppression emanated from the space rift.

"Senior Dog! Something's coming out again!" Immortal Zhenyuan cursed in his heart.

Er Ha and Xiao Yin were on their guards simultaneously; because of the golden light shield on their bodies, this pressure had a limited effect on them. Looking at the way things were going, however, this rift was probably going to spit out yet another extraordinary thing.

The baby multi-fanged kun in Demon Saint's Holy Palace and this young scavenger kun in front of them...

What was it going to be this time?

At this moment, a faint sense of tension lingered in the air.

"It's a big one this time!" Xiao Yin tsked. Although the monster in the rift had yet to emerge, he could already feel that the vicious creature inside wasn't simple.

This pressure might be from an adult primordial vicious beast.

"Let's try the hammer," Er Ha reminded them at that moment.

They weren't anxious at all; after all, the hammer which Little Master Ling had just made with his own two hands was here. If they really encountered an unbeatable foe, they could just use the hammer!

They couldn't do anything else now even if they wanted to... How could they defeat this type of monster?

As Xiao Yin had guessed, it was a big guy this time.

The space fissure visibly split open to become wider than before... Then, a rotten-smelling scavenger kun larger than the young scavenger kun from before flew out of the rift!

This scavenger kun was more than ten times the size of the one on the ground! It flew out of the rift like an aircraft carrier, its massive shadow directly covering them and throwing Er Ha's startled expression into shade.

Furthermore, this was only half of its body; the other half was still in the space rift!

This thing... was too big!

Immortal Zhenyuan was hugely alarmed. "It really is an adult scavenger kun..."

"But this one has only just matured; a true adult scavenger kun is even bigger." Xiao Yin's face was as unruffled as an ancient well. While this vicious beast was large, Xiao Yin wasn't the least bit afraid. Back then, when Dog Saint grew to double its size, it was even bigger than this! If it wasn't because Dog Saint had been careless and was drugged by those cultivators, and couldn't use his double-size mode before he was turned into a spicy hot pot stew... the Holy Dog clan wouldn't have become extinct.

Immortal Zhenyuan, Er Ha and Xiao Yin scattered as they withdrew a little.

To their surprise, this adult scavenger kun didn't seem intent on attacking; instead, it directly opened its large mouth and looked like it was about to gobble up the young scavenger kun on the ground.

"Looks like that angler wants to use this adult scavenger kun to swallow up this young scavenger kun on the ground and take it back!" Immortal Zhenyuan guessed the intentions of the person behind the scenes.

"Then we must not let him succeed," said Er Ha, frowning.

With the angler choosing a retrieval rather than attack strategy, this was enough to prove that this young scavenger kun on the ground had a secret that the angler didn't want them to find out!

As for exactly what kind of secret this young scavenger kun was hiding, they wouldn't know until they could cut open its belly!

"Stay back, senior, let me do it!" said Immortal Zhenyuan, and he rushed forward first.

Er Ha: "Alright..."

In the confrontation with the young scavenger kun, it was already clear that Red Moon Blade Disk's attack was fairly ineffective; it would be practically impossible to do any sort of harm to this adult scavenger kun.

All their hopes now rested on that little hammer...

Immortal Zhenyuan gripped the hammer tightly. He had never seen one like this before and it wasn't anything special to look at.

But since it was "Senior Dog" who had created this hammer, it should be effective, right?

Thinking this, Immortal Zhenyuan lifted this small, pitch-black hammer and swung it directly at the adult scavenger kun.

"Bang!"

There was a muffled sound as it hit, and Immortal Zhenyuan was flung back but wasn't hurt.

The moment he was flung back, the adult scavenger kun that had been struck by the hammer roared explosively with pain and stopped trying to swallow the young kun right away... it had been weakened!

"This is the 'all living things are equal' effect! Hurry and attack!" Er Ha warned.

"Okay, senior!" Immortal Zhenyuan grit his teeth and Red Moon Blade Disk started spinning again!

The moment Red Moon Blade Disk touched the adult scavenger kun this time, it didn't bounce off, and the blades cut ruthlessly into the vicious creature's flesh, like a meat grinder pulverizing meat!





Chapter 643 The Secret in the Kun's Belly


Red Moon Blade Disk was like a gear wheel, and when Immortal Zhenyuan did the incantation, it grew steadily in size, its blades sharp enough to cut the sky open!

When the might of a world-defying magic weapon was truly unleashed, its destructive power was undeniably earthshaking. Red Moon Blade Disk's spinning blades cut into the adult scavenger kun's weakened body inch by inch as a huge amount of blood gushed unceasingly from the wound.

The corrosive blood flowed out slowly like lava. The moment it touched the ground, it corroded and burnt the earth, sending up billows of thick smoke.

Both Er Ha and Xiao Yin had sealed their nasal orifices. The smell was so foul that if they didn't cut off their sense of smell, they might suffocate here.

"It really works!"

Immortal Zhenyuan was pleasantly surprised in his heart. This hammer was too useful!

When all was said and done, this was Senior Dog, who was actually able to create such a powerful limited use magic weapon... It could only be used ten times in total, he should use it sparingly!

The adult scavenger kun erupted with a pained scream, and it seemed that the mysterious angler on the other side of the rift had sensed it. Under the angler's control, the adult scavenger kun that had come scouting out of the rift started to pull its upper body back.

"Want to leave? Forget it!" Zhenyuan grit his teeth and went all out with Red Moon Blade Disk. In a flash, the disk grew hundreds of inches more in size and directly cut off the entire upper body of the adult scavenger kun along with the "fishing line" on it!

"Repair!"

The moment the scavenger kun's body was cut in half and fell, Immortal Zhenyuan directly extracted primordial qi from the heart demon stone as an energy source and used a "sky-repairing stone" to plug up the crack. The sky-repairing stone was made from artificial synthetic cultivation industrial materials for the purpose of repairing space rifts. It was very expensive, but very effective in repairing space.

But Er Ha's heart was still shaken when it saw Immortal Zhenyuan take out the sky-repairing stone. This single sky-repairing stone... could probably buy five houses in Jinghua city...

This was in the end a cultivation big shot who was a legend among mankind. Fishing out such a costly stone so nonchalantly just caught Er Ha off guard.

After mending the abnormal space rift, Immortal Zhenyuan breathed a sigh of relief. He had initially wanted to conserve the power of the primordial qi stored in the heart demon stone and use spirit energy instead to activate the sky-repairing stone. While this would result in a successful repair, it was quite time-consuming. Now, using primordial qi as the main energy source, the sky-repairing stone actually stoppered the space fissure in just a short while.

Immortal Zhenyuan had never done a comparison so hadn't noticed it before. Looking at this difference now, he realized that the disparity between spirit energy and primordial qi was really a little big!

Gazing at half the body of this adult scavenger kun, he was about to draw closer for a look when it actually directly turned into rotting mud on the spot, corroding the surface of the ground to create a large pit.

"Not dead?" Immortal Zhenyuan frowned.

"This is a prehistoric vicious beast, there's no way it would die so easily," Xiao Yin said on one side. Holy beasts and vicious beasts were like polar opposites: holy beasts were mainly attributed with spiritual intelligence, and vicious beasts with brute strength. At a later stage of growth, however, there actually wasn't any difference in their levels of strength; it was only during the middle stage when they developed different attributes.

Vicious beasts thus were extremely resilient; even if half their bodies were cut off, they could still survive as long as their cores weren't damaged.

But finding the core inside the body of such an enormous vicious beast wouldn't be easy.

A vicious beast's core was very small, the size of a millet grain.

In a normal situation, a person fighting a vicious beast for the first time would already be using all his might in battle, and simply wouldn't have time to consider looking for the core at all.

Xiao Yin stared at the rotting sludge and sighed in his heart. If it was Master, killing a vicious beast like this would be a piece of cake, wouldn't it?

He couldn't help recalling when he had fought Master for the first time. At the time, Master had been wearing a sports jacket, and he had very coolly raised his hand to slap Xiao Yin in his beast form and send him flying! Xiao Yin vividly recalled his feelings at that moment. He hadn't felt enraged, nor had he felt pain... Instead, after he was thrashed, he had been excited by that addictive sense of strong oppression!

Now that Xiao Yin carefully thought about it...

It was probably from that moment on when he had already set his heart on Wang Ling as his master.

Thinking this, Xiao Yin still felt some regret in his heart.

Who knew when Master would be able to hit him again...

...

The adult scavenger kun fled, leaving behind this young scavenger kun that had already escaped the angler's control. The young scavenger kun itself wasn't aggressive, unless someone was pulling the strings behind it. Now that the fishing line attached to this scavenger kun was already cut off, it lay motionless on the ground.

The Three Views-Shattering Hammer's weakening function had a crowd effect that could forcibly weaken oncoming opponents who bore malice. Before this state of weakness completely disappeared, Immortal Zhenyuan continued to use Red Moon Blade Disk with the intention of operating on this scavenger kun's body to see what on earth was inside it.

Since he couldn't find the core, he just needed to continue doing damage to this scavenger kun...

Furthermore, a young scavenger kun didn't have as good a recovery ability as an adult scavenger kun. Given the kun's weak "all living beings are equal" state, Immortal Zhenyuan felt that everything was now under control.

"Let me see, what on earth do you have inside you..." His eyebrows knitted into a little knot. Then, he carefully manipulated Red Moon Blade Disk to perform a precise cut. The scavenger kun let out a pained roar and wanted to flee, but Immortal Zhenyuan raised his hand and a golden light pinned it in place.

Er Ha's heart was shaken when it saw this, and it sighed feelingly at how awesome Little Master Ling's hammer was.

This weakening effect was too abnormal...

In their weakened states, neither the young scavenger kun nor the adult scavenger kun had any power to resist.

This thing had rough skin and thick flesh. As Red Moon Blade Disk continued to cut into it, the first skin layer was finally completely split apart. Zhenyuan and Er Ha initially thought that they would discover some Gu bug or other inside the body. In the end, they were utterly stunned by the scene that met their eyes after the operation.

Another scavenger kun was actually curled up inside this young scavenger kun...

Immortal Zhenyuan: "???"

Er Ha: "???"

Xiao Yin: "???"

Tempering an even smaller kun to act as a "Gu bug" and then using the "Puppet Gu Spell" to house the Gu bug inside another kun...

What kind of operation was this...

"Senior Dog, I'll try again..."

A little dumbstruck, Zhenyuan had the blade disk continue spinning to cut into this second kun layer...

Although it was a little hard to believe, they did indeed see it.

Hm...

In this second kun hidden inside the body, there was actually a third kun!

Xiao Yin and Er Ha were stunned. Was this... a Matryoshka doll?





Chapter 644 A Pleasant Surprise After Disembowelment


There were three baby kuns inside this young kun, each one smaller than the one before. Looking at this scene, Xiao Yin couldn't help thinking about an online game he had played before called "Big Fish Eats Little Fish."

"Tempering the smaller kun to act like a 'Gu bug,' and then using the 'Puppet Gu Spell' to plant it inside a larger kun as a parasite?" Immortal Zhenyuan speculated.

Xiao Yin thought for a moment, then narrowed his eyes with his chin in his hands as he said softly, "That's probably the case, but this angler also took advantage of a trait which the kun, as a vicious beast, has."

"What trait?" Immortal Zhenyuan asked in a low voice.

"Have you ever played the game 'Big Fish Eats Little Fish'?" Xiao Yin explained, "A vicious beast like the kun has a unique way of boosting its strength in times of danger, and that is to swallow a smaller kun to increase its strength. This is my first time seeing it, but my grandfather had spoken of it before in my tribe back then, so it definitely isn't a lie."

Hearing this, Immortal Zhenyuan and Er Ha were enlightened.

Planting something like a Gu bug inside an adult kun's body was obviously supremely difficult, but it would be very easy to plant the insect in a relatively smaller body of a newborn kun! Coupled with the kun's trait of the large swallowing the small to boost strength, controlling the "parasitic" baby kun amounted to controlling the more powerful adult kun!

Immortal Zhenyuan couldn't help recalling when he had used Red Moon Blade Disk to cut that adult kun in half earlier. It had looked like a bloody mess, but thinking about it now, the cross section of the cut kun had looked like a thousand-layered cake... Immortal Zhenyuan had never dealt with a vicious beast before, and had thought this was the internal structure of a kun's body.

Thinking about it now, the adult kun that had survived Immortal Zhenyuan chopping it in half had probably swallowed several smaller kuns.

But this wasn't the most frightening thing.

The scariest was actually still that angler!

To be able to make a prehistoric vicious beast like the kun feel that it was in danger and use its "the large swallow the small" fight response to force itself to become stronger...

How powerful was this angler's realm?

Immortal Zhenyuan shivered. He was very glad he knew "Senior Dog," otherwise he might have ultimately met a tragic end on Drought Star in this encounter with a vicious beast this time.

This small hammer which Senior Dog had given him... he had to use it carefully!

Immortal Zhenyuan sighed in his heart. This magical little hammer was a genuine life-saving magic treasure! Fortunately, Senior Dog had guessed that Immortal Zhenyuan would run into some difficulty this time, and had specially brought this hammer over for him. Otherwise, who knew what the outcome could have been.

Thus, while Immortal Zhenyuan, in the depths of his heart, was now just a little afraid of this mysterious person, when he thought about how he still had "Senior Dog" behind him, he somehow felt reassured.

Since Senior Dog was able to create this magical hammer as a counter-offense, this showed that Senior Dog was perhaps just as strong as that mysterious angler.

The most troublesome thing right now was that they actually still didn't know what on earth this "mysterious angler's" intentions were, and even less the whereabouts of the other party... The only thing they knew was that it wasn't easy even for this mysterious angler to tear open the space wall to allow the kun to fly through the rift.

That was because each unique space rift that formed was singular in their creation; if rifts could be created on a large scale, that would be a real catastrophe.

In short, Immortal Zhenyuan felt that this "I'm in the open, the enemy is in the dark" position was in fact very disadvantageous for them.

The situation could be described as very muddled, and they had next to no information on the angler.

But now, it wasn't like they didn't have a lead...

Staring at this baby kun which was already restrained, a thought stirred inside Immortal Zhenyuan's mind.

...

"Senior Dog, should we cut it open further for a look?" asked Immortal Zhenyuan.

What was in front of them now was the second baby kun inside the young kun.

"Keep cutting," Er Ha said in a deep voice.

Actually, it was also very curious to see how many more layers there were inside...

"Alright, senior," Immortal Zhenyuan replied very politely. He concentrated his energy on operating Red Moon Blade Disk and adjusted its size. The baby kuns inside were now getting smaller and smaller, which required even more particular care when cutting. If the innermost baby kun truly had a Gu bug inside it, then they had to be even more cautious.

The origin of the Gu bug could be an important clue at present for getting the upper hand over the mysterious angler. This was because there weren't many cultivators to begin with who knew how to use the venom technique, and there were even fewer individuals among them who knew powerful venom arts to bring prehistoric vicious beasts under their control... The names of these people throughout history could be counted on one or two hands.

Furthermore, there was in fact another lead.

That was Xiao Yin's tracking method which used holy beast blood. When the mysterious angler had recalled the adult kun earlier, Xiao Yin had already left a few drops of his own blood on it.

If this adult kun ultimately returned to the angler's side without any problems, Xiao Yin could use his tracking technique to determine the angler's approximate location.

But this was a secret mission which Little Master Ling had given them, so Er Ha and Xiao Yin buried it in their hearts and didn't directly speak about it.

"I'm going to cut it..."

At that moment, Immortal Zhenyuan felt like a surgeon about to perform surgery in the operating room, and was especially nervous.

Tangled up with his nervousness, however, was the faint excitement of "tearing open a delivery package."

Suspended in the air, Red Moon Blade Disk then slowly descended under Immortal Zhenyuan's control, and started to cut open the skin of the second baby kun inside... This scene was very reminiscent of "Saw"!

Xiao Yin had just watched this movie not long ago. For some reason, it especially made him want rice!

Seeing this, Xiao Yin rubbed his stomach. Unfortunately, he had been on a diet lately; he was already ordering less takeout, and planned to eat broccoli with Lord Thunder for a while yet.

But when he saw this scene, he suddenly wanted to have "Midnight Dining Hall's""stewed chitterling noodles." Dining Hall's Boss Tan Siming was friends with Lord Thunder. Every time the latter ordered food from him, Boss Tan would give him a discount and a red packet - he was a very zealous boss!

Red Moon Blade Disk spun, perfectly cutting the skin open as blood gushed out of the second baby kun's body.

This was a perfect cut which didn't touch the insides of the baby kun.

Er Ha and Xiao Yin stepped forward to take a look, and what they saw was completely beyond their expectations.

Because it wasn't a kun inside the body of the baby kun!

But a living person!

A girl lay inside, and appeared to be completely fast asleep...





Chapter 645 The Sleeping Girl


A kun's stomach was large enough to begin with. Even a baby kun could swallow ten thousand elephants. Once the stomach was peeled open, it wouldn't be strange no matter what creature spilled out of the cavity. However, this girl wasn't inside the baby kun's stomach, but lying quietly on it, with her knees curled up like a baby as she slept.

The girl had long blue hair which covered half her face but couldn't hide her beauty.

Contrary to expectations, her entire body was actually very clean; even her face was the same, and didn't have the faintest trace of blood on it — everything had been kept out by a layer of dark blue magic light, which was coming from the extremely simple and crude-looking old gray clothes that she was wearing.

This was a scavenger kun that was highly corrosive; every part of it was strangely and intensely acrid. The girl was able to lie peacefully inside it like this all because of the protection of the magic light which emanated from her old gray clothes.

"Where did this girl come from?"

Immortal Zhenyuan was dumbstruck. He had completely never expected to actually dig out a girl from inside the kun's body!

Furthermore, she was a pretty girl!

"What do we do, Senior Dog..."

Immortal Zhenyuan used magic to lift the girl out and smoothly put her on the ground. He used the Immortal Eye to inspect her carefully, for no other reason than purely to see if she had any injuries.

Although the girl was indeed very pretty, it was an otherworldly beauty that didn't feel like it belonged to the mundane world.

In some sense, Er Ha felt that this girl was very similar to Little Master Ling...

"What now? Want me to feed her holy beast blood?" Xiao Yin asked, his hands on his knees.

"Not for now... This lady's vital signs are stable, it's just that she's fallen into a deep sleep for some unknown reason," answered Immortal Zhenyuan, chin in his hands. He then raised his head and gave Xiao Yin an extremely strange look, only now perceiving Xiao Yin's identity with amazement. "Miss Xiao Yin... so you're a holy beast?"

"Only now you know." Xiao Yin sighed in his heart.

He felt that this legendary cultivator really wasn't that great — only now did he know!

Immortal Zhenyuan laughed foolishly. "Ah~ no offense, Miss Xiao Yin, I've always been more the hindsight type. I thought earlier that Miss Xiao Yin's aura was a little strange; it wasn't like a spirit beast, demon beast, or devil beast, and was even less like a human... I actually completely forgot about holy beasts. I've been wondering if Miss Xiao Yin is an alien."

Xiao Yin: "..."

A- alien...

While this answer was a stab to the heart, Xiao Yin had to admit that all these years after the extinction of holy beasts, most human cultivators had started to forget about them. The only two greatest impacts which the extinction of holy beasts had had on history were: the establishment of an annual "Spirit Beasts Protection Day"... and an uptick in dog meat hot pot culture in a particular region, thanks to Dog Saint.

But the dog meat used in that regional dog hot pot was supplied through lawful channels. The type of dog used was a kind of meat dog specially bred for hot pot, similar to the dragon pork that Zhai Yin normally used when frying pork chops for Wang Ming.

To be honest...

Xiao Yin really wanted to eat it later when he was free.

Because it was said that the seasoning used for dog hot pot in that region was made from an exclusive and secret recipe based on when Dog Saint had been cooked back then!

Xiao Yin remembered huddling inside the Dog clan's depository of Buddhist texts as he watched Dog Saint being cooked at the time. On one hand, his eyes were terrified; on the other, his mouth watered uncontrollably... Until now, it was hard for him to forget the smell of that spicy hot pot!

"We'll take the girl back first; I'll leave you to deal with things here."

After staring at the sleeping girl for a long time, Er Ha finally made a decision.

Judging from the style of the old gray clothes she was wearing, Er Ha felt that the girl likely wasn't an ordinary person. It was no use just leaving her here — it would be better to take her back and see if Little Master Ling had any way of waking her up.

"Okay, Senior Dog, just leave everything here to me! This vicious creature is under my control now; I'll think of a way later to find its core and then deal with it once and for all." Immortal Zhenyuan patted his chest and smiled.

"Very well." Er Ha nodded. "If the hammer is about to run out of energy, you can directly call me with your immortal seal and I'll come over to charge it."

A limited use magic weapon could only be used a particular number of times, but as long as it wasn't used up completely and was recharged in a timely manner, it could be used continuously.

"Thank you, Senior Dog!" Immortal Zhenyuan nodded. He naturally understood the stakes here.

Hence, this was also one of the biggest reasons why Immortal Zhenyuan would do everything he could to save on using the hammer.

...

Afterwards, Er Ha put its dog paw lightly on the girl's shoulder and Xiao Yin stamped his foot. In a ray of golden light, two people and a dog reappeared in front of Lord Ma.

Wang Ling already knew about the girl in gray.

In fact, he had already sent Immortal Toya a text message the moment Immortal Zhenyuan cut open the vicious beast and rescued the girl in gray from its belly.

The girl had to have her own reasons for being in a coma. Moreover, they didn't know where she was from. Wang Ling didn't want to directly wake her up in his home; they were complete strangers to each other. Since her vital signs were stable and she was just in a mysterious coma, Wang Ling felt that the only thing he could do was send the girl to the hospital without delay.

He wasn't a hero; he didn't need to especially show off by acting as a hero rescuing the damsel in distress!

What was more, he still had to worry about the "Beast King's Remains" summer camp that would be happening in two days!

And after the summer camp were the final exams!

Was there anything more important than this?

Thus, when Er Ha and Xiao Yin brought the girl back, the only thing Wang Ling could do was very gentlemanly place her on his own bed using a traction spell. Fortunately, the girl was clean and didn't need any special purification treatment.

The one thing that Wang Ling was a little curious about was her gray clothes...

Because it had the aura of Heavenly Dao on it...

Wang Ling stretched out his hand to touch the gray clothes and check what it was made of.

In the end, he had barely done so when Mother Wang directly opened the door and came in.

What she saw made Mother Wang suck in her breath...

A girl in gray was fast asleep on the bed...

And Ling Ling was stretching out a hand to touch the edge of the girl's clothes...

What... was going on?

Mother Wang covered her mouth in astonishment!

Then with a "bang," she slammed the door shut.

...

Wang Ling: "..."

Mom! Let me explain, mom!





Chapter 646 Damn! A Heart-Pounding Feeling!


This was already the second time...

What was it like to be misunderstood by your own mother for the second time?

Wang Ling thought it was as embarrassing as spilling drops of yogurt on your pants while drinking it in your room, and then being caught wiping them with a tissue.

Looking at the bedroom door, Wang Ling felt it was time for him to enlighten it... at the very least, he should add a defense function. It wasn't like Mother Wang didn't usually knock, but sometimes she would forget to do so when she was in a hurry to say something.

It could only be said that the mothers of the world were by and large like this...

Wang Ling looked at the girl in gray on his bed, his eyebrows forming a knot.

This was because he sensed that the identity of this girl in gray was different from that of a human cultivator. When he had touched her gray clothes just now, he couldn't tell what material it was made from. Hence, there were two possibilities: either the material of this gray robe was from outside the Milky Way, or it was a resource from a prehistoric era that was already extinct...

In both cases, there was only one way for Wang Ling to find out about the material's origin — that was to set up an array to summon the "Heavenly Dao" for information.

Did he have to give away crispy noodle snacks again...

Speaking of which, the box of baked gluten-flavored crispy noodle snacks which he had gotten specially made previously seemed to be en route to him now.

Wang Ling frowned and sighed inwardly.

Heavenly Dao: "..."

...

It was July 22nd on Saturday in the thirteenth week of the semester.

It was already the next morning by the time Immortal Toya arrived. He had initially planned to set off from Chrysanthemum Island the night before. After all, this was a command from Ling Zhenren, so he utterly didn't dare disregard it. In the end, it just so happened that his two disciples, Jin Shi and Yin Shi, had an extracurricular seminar at cram school.

After this brother and sister pair came to the island as Immortal Toya's disciples and received personal training from him, their damaged spirit roots were completely restored. During their last thirteen years on the island, the siblings learned a lot of knowledge and life principles from Immortal Toya. However, it wasn't good for them to live isolated from the outside world for so long.

Jin Shi and Yin Shi were still very young, and now that they had reached a stage where they could absorb new things fairly quickly, Immortal Toya had decided to help the siblings find a cram school in the city so that they could interact more with other kids.

Time continued to march forward and science and technology continued to advance... In this era, even alchemy furnaces saw new developments as some people even used the pots for hot pot to refine pills in! This was a newly developed automatic hot pot-style alchemy furnace which Immortal Toya had only just seen recently. As long as you plugged it in, and put in the right proportions of medicinal ingredients to stew, it was too easy!

The most terrifying thing was that this alchemy furnace had been designed by a college student! Later, he directly sold the patent and became rich!

It could only be said that every generation had its own talents... Young people always had new and unique ideas.

Immortal Toya had always been confident in Jin Shi and Yin Shi's gifts.

Thus, he decided to send the pair to the city for experience.

After all, times had changed...

Immortal Toya couldn't help feeling a little emotional.

In the very early days, it was the city kids who braved the rugged countryside for experience. But it was obviously unwise to fall behind in the times. Rural kids also needed to find ways to experience life in the city.

Chrysanthemum Island actually had a lot of black technology, but in the end this was just the tip of the iceberg!

Thus, he took his two precious apprentices to their extracurricular seminar at cram school and wasn't able to go over to Wang Ling's place right away.

But Wang Ling wasn't in a hurry. After all, the girl was just in a coma and her life wasn't in danger.

Immortal Toya drove a wooden vehicle, which had a very special name: Wooden Ox.

The name sounded very stupid, but the truth was that it was quite fast. The car had special custom-made machinery combined with modern technology, and had the same function as a triphibian car: when necessary, it could turn into a mechanical bird to fly in the sky, a mechanical whale that acted like a submarine, or a mechanical dolphin that acted like a speedboat!

"I'm taking you out today since I have something to do, and I want you to familiarize yourself with the city. Given your temperaments, I'm sure you won't clash with other people in the city, but we also can't let them bully our Chrysanthemum Island people, understand? When it's time to fight back, you must fight back," Immortal Toya reminded Jin Shi and Yin Shi as they sat in the back while he prepared to start "Wooden Ox."

"Yes, shifu," Jin Shi and Yin Shi replied in unison. "But when is it time to fight back?"

Immortal Toya was stumped; it was difficult to determine something like this, which was also one reason why he wanted this pair of siblings to experience life in the city for a while.

To be a pure and kind-hearted child nowadays was admittedly a good thing, but if you wanted to survive... a heart that was too benevolent was sure to suffer.

These two siblings had already suffered much in their lives...

Alchemists generally paid close attention to the calm in their hearts, and didn't get angry too easily.

Jin Shi and Yin Shi had been with him for many years. Although they might not have had as much contact with elixirs as those old alchemists in the market, these children had been exposed to pill refinement since childhood, and had completely different temperaments.

Thus, Immortal Toya's reply to their question was: "You can fight back if you feel angry. Remember not to kill the other party, but leave them alive. It'll make it easier for me to save their lives."

"Alright, shifu." The siblings exchanged smiles.

...

As Immortal Toya hurried over to the Wang family's small villa, Wang Ling made a video call to Daoist Guang to ask about the gray Daoist robe which the girl wore.

Daoist Guang's live streaming business had been flourishing recently and his average viewer numbers had just broken the twenty million milestone not long ago, which brought huge traffic to the website.

He had been just about to start his live stream when Wang Ling called him in the morning.

Daoist Guang looked attentively at the photo Wang Ling had sent him and then shook his head. "Senior Ling, I won't lie, this humble one is very stupid; I can't tell what this gray Daoist robe is made of at all..." Daoist Guang had truly studied it very carefully even though he hadn't held out any hope since the beginning; how high was Ling Zhenren's realm? If he couldn't determine the robe's origin, what could Daoist Guang do? He was also full of despair!

Wang Ling nodded his head.

Sure enough, he still had to ask the Heavenly Dao about it in the end...

"Senior Ling, while I can't tell what this Daoist robe is made of, I wonder if senior knows the origin of the clothes I'm wearing?" Daoist Guang smiled a little, and then the camera zoomed out all the way. Only then did Wang Ling see that Daoist Guang was no longer wearing that white Daoist garment, but a full maid's outfit!

Wang Ling: "..."

Daoist Guang scratched his grizzled hair. "This is a flag I put up for myself a while ago: I said that as long as my audience numbers break twenty million, I'll crossdress. Later, based on online images, I used the island's resources to make this dress - the audience's taste now is becoming stranger and stranger. What does Ling Zhenren think?"

Wang Ling's reply: "Damn!"

Daoist Guang: "Is it a heart-pounding feeling?"

Wang Ling: "It's the feeling of a heart attack..."

Taoist Guang: "..."





Chapter 647 Quick-Witted Immortal Toya


It could only be said that Daoist Guang was an honest and sincere person; furthermore, he had very earnestly made well-fitting clothes for himself using the island's resources. But Wang Ling really couldn't imagine what it must be like for an old man in a maid's outfit to look into the camera lens while live streaming and ask cutely, "Am I pretty?"...

This was a little too scary. The damage it could cause to a person's three views was equal to a classic line from a TV drama: You just lost a leg, but she lost a beautiful love1!

1(From the TV drama "Dreams Link.") Erm...

But as a live streamer, Daoist Guang was very conscientious; at least he didn't welsh on a deal.

It was just that Wang Ling felt that Daoist Guang was going further and further down the live streaming path to the point of no return and had completely forgotten that he wanted to reconstruct his body... In any case, Wang Ling couldn't make the choice for Daoist Guang. Everyone had the right to choose how they wanted to live.

On the other hand, Daoist Guang had more than one way open to him now given how many fans he had. He could go through the "Samsara Spirit Tribulation" whenever he wanted now by relying on figurines. When he had just started live streaming at first, this had still seemed like an unreasonable request, but it was now completely within reach.

In an audience of twenty million viewers, it was very easy to find fans willing to spend money on him.

Take for example the live streamer "Baboon" who had been blacklisted. Until now, there were people still visiting his live stream room daily to "light incense" and send him gifts. Wang Ling didn't know what on earth these people were thinking - wasn't it better to spend the money instead on crispy noodle snacks?!

Hugging Er Ha, Xiao Yin half-sat on the edge of the bed. They had kept watch over the girl in gray all night, but there had been no sign of her waking up.

Where on earth had she come from?

Why had she appeared in the kun's stomach?

And what was her background?

And why had she fallen asleep?

They didn't know any of this...

This made Xiao Yin recall "Ya Xuan," the silly girl who had saved his life back then.

At that time, in order to cure Ya Xuan's illness, Xiao Yin made a deal with Immortal Mansion; he became a holy beast gatekeeper for the Master of Immortal Mansion in exchange for Immortal Mansion's medicinal resources. Now, Ya Xuan was living with Cailian Zhenren while her memories recovered. She drank Immortal Toya's medicine for strengthening the mind every day, but until now there was still no change.

When Xiao Yin had gone to see Ya Xuan previously, she had even forgotten his name...

It wasn't that Immortal Toya's medicine didn't work, but that Ya Xuan's amnesia was so severe that her memory was simply like that of a goldfish.

Xiao Yin heard that Immortal Toya had increased the dosage for now; he wondered if Ya Xuan was a little better...

Xiao Yin thought that Ya Xuan and this girl in gray had similar backgrounds — they were both unregistered citizens.

...

Immortal Toya's Wooden Ox finally arrived at the entrance to the Wang family's small villa at noon. It looked so cool! Sheep's eyes were drawn straight to it! This was her first time seeing such a machine! Her curiosity, however, was purely at its appearance; if they ran together, this four-wheeled car might not be as fast as she was.

Immortal Toya got out, a big purple gourd on his back. He was wearing white Daoist robes paired with an outer blue muslin garment. From far away, he looked like a transcendent being, dressed like a celebrity as always.

It was less than a month since his last visit to the Wang family's little villa, but for some reason, Immortal Toya felt like it was a lifetime ago.

Wang Ling had already heard the noise from his bedroom. He stood at the window to take a look, and happened to see Immortal Toya standing at the front door with his two disciples; he appeared to be explaining something to them.

Jin Shi and Yin Shi followed Immortal Toya closely on his left and right. "Shifu, where are we?"

"I told you before, right? A great senior lives here."

Jin Shi and Yin Shi nodded. "We know, it's the senior who eats crispy noodle snacks, isn't it?" The siblings spoke in one voice and at the same time in identical tones, which amazed Sheep.

Immortal Toya: "That's right, it's him! It isn't just this great senior, but everyone in this villa are seniors, so you must be polite, understand?"

Jin Shi and Yin Shi lowered their heads in thought at the same time. Then they looked up at the same time. "Then, can shifu defeat this great senior?"

The question made Immortal Toya's lips twitch...

Of course he knew that even with a hundred or a thousand of himself... he wouldn't be able to defeat Ling Zhenren! The problem was that Jin Shi and Yin Shi were the disciples he viewed as his own kids; how could he, as their shifu, admit that he was inferior to someone else?

But Immortal Toya also didn't dare directly pat his chest and say that he was very strong; he didn't even dare say that he and Senior Ling were evenly matched... It was alright for him to brag in private, but the problem now was that he was at Senior Ling's front door!

Sure enough, looking out of the corner of his eye, Immortal Toya saw a figure staring at him from the second floor... That had to be Senior Ling, right?

That was right... It was definitely Senior Ling...

Immortal Toya didn't need to sense his aura to know it was him.

That was because Senior Ling's habit had always been to "lurk" and "observe in the dark."

To be honest, Wang Ling's figure at the bedroom window on the second floor was giving Immortal Toya the greatest pressure at that moment.

"Well, can we discuss this after we return to the island?"

"Is this a taboo subject? Or is shifu actually very weak?" Jin Shi and Yin Shi said again.

Immortal Toya dropped his forehead heavily into his hands. This was a huge pain in the ass. If he had known earlier, he would have gotten Jin Shi and Yin Shi to wait in the car! Since they were going to be in the city, he had simply brought them to Ling Zhenren so that they could make his acquaintance... but he had never thought that these two little bastards would start to undermine him!

In the end, rural children who had just entered the city would have a lot of questions. He should have bought Jin Shi and Yin Shi each a copy of One Hundred Thousand Whys2 before they came!

2(This is a well-known Chinese popular science book.) Right now, Immortal Toya was between a rock and a hard place. He didn't want to lose face in front of his disciples, nor did he want to offend Ling Zhenren.

Then, at this moment of impending doom, he was seized by inspiration!

Immortal Toya immediately took out his cell phone and quickly typed out a text message.

Turning his gaze away, Wang Ling saw that a text had indeed come through.

Immortal Toya: "Senior Ling... Help! Senior Ling!"

Wang Ling: "..."

Immortal Toya: "Senior Ling... please let me blow b3!"

3(吹B "blow b" is slang for 'empty bragging.' But the Chinese homonym which the author uses here is 吹逼, where 逼 can be slang for the vagina ..) Wang Ling: "..."

Sensing the slight ambiguity in his last message, Immortal Toya hastily clarified, "Please let me brag a little..."

Wang Ling: "..."

Immortal Toya: "I'll transfer a crispy noodle snack branch property to you!"

Wang Ling: "Deal."





Chapter 648 A Precious Gift at the First Meeting


For Immortal Toya, this was a very worthwhile transaction.

It was just a branch in Songhai city and at most still only cost as much as one of his pill furnaces. At worst, he just didn't have to buy a new model next month - who asked Ling Zhenren to be so fond of crispy noodle snacks! In any case, as long as Immortal Toya could save face in front of his two disciples, he felt that everything was negotiable.

On the other hand, Wang Ling didn't expect Immortal Toya to give him a branch store, and he felt a trace of excitement. After annual VIP cards, there was finally a new way of giving gifts... directly giving a store!

Sure enough, alchemists all had deep pockets!

Immortal Toya went upstairs, followed by Jin Shi and Yin Shi, who wore relaxed expressions. He had boasted earlier downstairs that he and Wang Ling were evenly matched, so these two weren't nervous, while Immortal Toya himself was a little embarrassed.

When they reached Wang Ling's bedroom, Immortal Toya lifted his hands and pushed the two ahead of him. "This is Senior Ling. This is your first time meeting him, give your greetings first."

"Greetings, Senior Ling!" Jin Shi and Yin Shi nodded and stood next to each other as they gave Wang Ling courteous bows.

"Mm." Wang Ling nodded.

Jin Shi and Yin Shi had been trained since young and so had very good manners; they wouldn't reveal whatever they were thinking on their faces. Besides, they had very clean hearts and didn't have any bad thoughts at all.

For now, they were just very curious about the things around them. After all, their living situation in the future would certainly be different after leaving the relatively secluded environment on Chrysanthemum Island and officially coming to the city to study. Wang Ling could understand Immortal Toya bringing the two siblings with him beforehand so that they could adapt to the surroundings.

And when Wang Ling opened his mouth to respond, even though it was just one word, Immortal Toya's heart burst with joy! Senior Ling personally opening his mouth to reply was such a rare occurrence! For Jin Shi and Yin Shi to actually receive a reply in their first meeting with Senior Ling... they were indeed his disciples, full of potential!

"You two, wait for me at the door."

Immortal Toya smiled gently at Jin Shi and Yin Shi.

"Yes, shifu." Jin Shi and Yin Shi exchanged looks, then very obediently stood on each side of the bedroom door.

To tell the truth, these two kids were really charming.

Wang Ling lifted an eyebrow and took out two packets of crispy noodle snacks from his drawer before directly going over to the door and giving them to the two siblings.

He had specially enchanted these crispy noodle snacks!

After Immortal Toya's special training, Jin Shi and Yin Shi's damaged spirit roots were finally restored, and to a remarkable degree. They reached the Foundation Establishment stage at just thirteen years old. However, the potential of their spirit roots had yet to fully develop; unlike the ones that Xiao Yin had, these two packets of crispy noodle snacks were more suitable for Jin Shi and Yin Shi, and would help them develop their potential.

When Jin Shi and Yin Shi accepted the proffered crispy noodle snacks, they felt that there was quite a bit of strength in this "Senior Ling's" hands, and they had to tug several times before they could take the crispy noodle snacks.

Jin Shi and Yin Shi: "Thank you, senior!"

When Wang Ling gave them the snacks, Immortal Toya was directly stunned; his mouth opened wide and he wore the expression of one who had received an overwhelming favor. "How can Senior Ling give them such great gifts?"

Wang Ling waved his hand lightly. Fang Xing had sent him these crispy noodle snacks previously. Before he could finish them, there happened to be two packets left. These two kids had taken the trouble to come visit him, so he felt that there was no need for him to be so stingy. He wasn't stingy at all!

It was just that when he had handed the crispy noodle snacks over, his hands had trembled a little...

This was a normal reaction!

This time, Immortal Toya had struck it big!

On his end, bringing Jin Shi and Yin Shi to meet Senior Ling had indeed been the right decision!

Immortal Toya's heart was deeply moved and he couldn't help stroking Jin Shi's and Yin Shi's heads with extreme excitement. "The two of you are really lucky! I'm so proud of you!"

Jin Shi and Yin Shi cocked their heads; they completely couldn't understand why their shifu was so thrilled.

It was just two snack packets...

...

Closing the door, Immortal Toya prepared to do a thorough physical examination of the girl in gray.

"Ah, what a pretty girl..." Immortal Toya marveled a little the instant he saw her.

To be honest, it was hard for him to believe that this girl had actually been rescued from an alien planet... and from a kun's stomach to boot.

These extinct prehistoric vicious beasts had actually survived...

Immortal Toya took a deep breath and then took out his top secret medicines.

He had his own unique medical methods. Generally, when outsiders came to him to be examined, he would make sure that there was no one in the room before he did anything. But none of this mattered now in front of Wang Ling... Senior Ling's realm was so profound, why would he bother with Immortal Toya's petty secret arts?!

Xiao Yin and Er Ha moved aside.

Immortal Toya had seen Er Ha and Xiao Yin before, and had also heard that they were now Senior Ling's contract beasts. However, today was Immortal Toya's first time seeing Xiao Yin's human form. To be honest... if he hadn't seen Xiao Yin's original form, he would really have thought that Xiao Yin was a girl.

After calming his thoughts, Immortal Toya carefully picked up a reagent tube. He extracted a drop of liquid medicine and let it drop onto the girl's body.

In the end, before the drop could fall, it was blocked in midair by the bright light of the gray Daoist robe on the girl.

"These clothes aren't simple..." Immortal Toya tsked.

This tube of liquid medicine was his specialized evaporative fluid. It was non-toxic and harmless, and completely safe. Applying this liquid medicine to a cultivator's body would draw the person's spiritual qi out and their condition could be analyzed based on changes in the qi's color.

If the girl's lethargy was caused by poison, the color of the spiritual qi would turn a dark black or purple.

In general, there were two most likely reasons for a cultivator to fall into a coma.

The first was that the coma was caused by poison, and this kind of poison wasn't too life-threatening. As long as vital signs were kept stable, the person would continue sleeping in a vegetative state.

The second was that it had occurred naturally, which would require Immortal Toya to bring her to the island for further tests.

"Brother Xiao Yin, Brother Dog... Can one of you help me undo this girl's collar a little?" Immortal Toya asked.

"We can't. Only Master can touch her clothes." Xiao Yin shook his head.

Saying this, he tried stretching out one hand to touch the girl in gray; in the end, the gray garment released a fierce, bright light which formed a resistance that blocked Xiao Yin's hand - he couldn't get close at all.

Er Ha was weaker than Xiao Yin to begin with, so it was also impossible for it to touch her.

Wang Ling sighed. This time, he really had to do it himself!

Just as he was about to undo her collar, Mother Wang came in with several cups of broccoli juice. "Little To, have some juice! It's from the broccoli Little Lei sent over last night, it's very fresh!"

Wang Ling, Immortal Toya, Xiao Yin and Er Ha: "..."

Carrying the juice, Mother Wang gave everyone a slight smile, then took two steps back and closed the door.





Chapter 649 Idol Power!


Wang Ling: "..."

That had been an awkward but nonetheless polite smile.

Sure enough, enlightening his room door had now become an urgent priority. Wang Ling's heart felt a little suffocated. Furthermore, he felt that his own mother always seemed to misunderstand him; how could he be that sort of person? As the Numinous Mother who had once been a novelist and had successfully raised two epic-level killers, shouldn't she be clear on the fact that there weren't any heroines for now?!

Wang Ling sighed with despair in his heart. He had decided - he would enlighten the door tonight!

At his slightly bitter expression, Jin Shi and Yin Shi who were standing attentively outside the door couldn't help trembling. For some reason, they felt a chill behind them... and a pair of frightful dead fish eyes inexplicably appeared in their hearts!

Low pressure hovered in the room... on one side, Er Ha and Xiao Yin shivered and didn't dare speak. It was as if the atmosphere had frozen.

Er Ha didn't know what it felt like for Little Master Ling to be misunderstood by his own mother time and time again, but based purely on what it could see, Er Ha guessed that this door wouldn't be able to escape its fate of being enlightened tonight.

Xiao Yin didn't dare speak, not even telepathically, because he knew that Master would still be able to hear him.

He couldn't resist using the chat app on his phone to ask Er Ha as he typed, "What's the matter with Master?"

Er Ha quickly replied, "He was struck a blow, and I bet the door is going to be enlightened."

Xiao Yin: "So powerful?"

Er Ha: "Our little master can enlighten anything. This door will probably be very strong after it's enlightened since it was made from a special material to begin with."

Xiao Yin: "What material?"

Er Ha: "I think it's called vibranium? I heard it was an abandoned building material which our little master picked up from the construction site opposite us when he was little. Besides vibranium, I heard there's another metal called adamantium in it!"

Xiao Yin: "..."

...

Elsewhere, Songhai First Prison.

Elder Zuo Wu had been transported here last night. In addition to Mr Lu, he was the second top-level member of the Demon Hunters Association to be arrested by the authorities. Of course, there was no news of this in the media for fear of information leaks.

President Bai had personally seen Elder Zuo Wu commit suicide. To his mind, Elder Zuo Wu was already dead, which made protecting Elder Zuo Wu now all the more important. As a human, Elder Zuo Wu knew far more about the Demon Hunters Association than Mr Lu.

While he was being interrogated, Elder Zuo Wu's expression still seemed a little desolate. In fact, he himself didn't know whether what he knew about the Demon Hunters Association was everything. After all, before he was arrested, an "Elder Ji Xing" whom he had never seen before had appeared beside President Bai.

As part of the first group of old members who followed President Bai, Elder Zuo Wu knew the president's personality too well; he was someone who definitely wouldn't reveal his entire hand. He wouldn't reveal all his information so easily, and there were previous cases where he had deliberately given false information.

There had once been an elder of the Demon Hunters Association who had wanted to report President Bai, but had been led around by the nose by President Bai instead as he was trapped by false information.

Then was everything he knew now true or not?

Was there false information in the mix?

As to all of this... Elder Zuo Wu had no idea.

In the interrogation room, Elder Zuo Wu's eyes were lowered and his expression shuttered. He looked like that bunch of bangzi after they were beaten silly by Huaxiu's national gaming team. The prison officers in charge of the interrogation were at a loss. No matter what they asked, this Elder Zuo Wu refused to speak, and the officers stared helplessly at the surveillance camera.

Criminal interrogation and punishment were completely useless when it came to genuinely powerful cultivators. You could suppress their spirit energy so that they couldn't use techniques, but you couldn't suppress their thoughts. Sometimes you would encounter truly troublesome cultivators who, when it came to the interrogation session, viewed themselves as old monks disillusioned with the world and would directly enter meditation. No matter what you asked, they wouldn't reply...

In situations like these, there was only one option, which was to use technology to forcibly extract memories.

However, Elder Zuo Wu ultimately wasn't a special criminal like the Old Devil. Use of this type of forceful method was only allowed on special criminals, and an application for its use had to be submitted beforehand; only until the entire thing was processed could they proceed.

Warden Liang and Zhuo Yi sat in the surveillance room and watched the interrogation on the screen.

After seeing the helpless expressions on the prison officers' faces, Warden Liang frowned. "Director Zhuo, what's going on? Didn't he say on the road that he would confess the truth?"

"That was indeed what he said on the way here." Zhuo Yi shrugged.

Man sometimes was this type of two-faced creature...

Zhuo Yi actually didn't quite believe that Elder Zuo Wu would go back on his word. He had already died once for President Bai, and he no longer had anymore psychological blocks. Moreover, President Bai now thought he was dead and had no idea at all that he was still alive. Hence, the reason why Elder Zuo Wu was hesitating now was probably because of some other reason.

In this situation, Elder Zuo Wu needed to be given a bit of external motivation...

"Put him in the special cell for a while, that should do it," said Zhuo Yi.

"Will that be alright..."

"Don't worry, Warden Liang, idol power is strong!"

"..."

...

After another half an hour of the interrogation, Elder Zuo Wu still refused to say anything.

Desperate, Warden Liang could only do as Zhuo Yi said, and put Elder Zuo Wu in the special cell.

The two experienced prison officers took Elder Zuo Wu to the special cell. When he saw that the place was completely different from where he had been staying earlier, Elder Zuo Wu frowned. "Where is this?"

"Where your idols are staying," one of the officers replied.

The other officer then pushed Elder Zuo Wu inside and locked the iron door tight. "Stay here tonight, and behave yourself!"

Elder Zuo Wu was baffled. He then saw that grizzly-haired Master of Immortal Mansion who had appeared on TV before, the Old Devil in a 36D body, and a young man with a gloomy face playing cards...

Evil Sword God: "Strike!"

The Old Devil: "Dodge!"

Master of Immortal Mansion Cheng Yu: "Southern Barbarian Invasion!"

The Old Devil and Evil Sword God: "Strike!"

Master of Immortal Mansion Cheng Yu: "Steal Away!"

The Old Devil: "Ward1!!"

1(They're playing the Chinese card game based on the "Legends of the Three Kingdoms" ..) Elder Zuo Wu: "..."

Elder Zuo Wu: "Everyone..."

"Another newbie?" The Old Devil gave Elder Zuo Wu a look, his eyes unexpectedly excited for some reason. He promptly dropped the cards he was holding and bellowed from the cell, "Someone! Bring in a mahjong table! We've got enough people!"

Elder Zuo Wu: "..."





Chapter 650 The First International Knife Maintenance Competition


After applying a drop of the medicine, Immortal Toya waited quietly for the test result. The "spirit purity" acupuncture point on the chest was where the spiritual qi was the most concentrated on the surface of a cultivator's body. Therefore, the test medicine had to be dropped on the chest, and usually the result would come out in five minutes.

The result would very clearly demonstrate if the girl in gray's coma was a result of being poisoned.

But five minutes later, there was no change to the place where the medicine had been applied.

"Failed?" Xiao Yin tilted his head.

"No, it was successful. It's just that this girl is a little special... The qi generated by the medicine is actually clear..." Immortal Toya's face changed, revealing some amazement.

He had never encountered this before...

Nevertheless, Immortal Toya clearly remembered that his family's ancestral texts indeed did seem to mention the possibility of the medicine producing a clear result. But he had read this ancient book when he was very young... In addition, there hadn't been a case of a clear result like this for a thousand years. Hence, Immortal Toya couldn't quite remember the explanation for this result, and needed to look through it again to find out.

"No choice, I can only bring this girl back to my place first, Senior Ling." Immortal Toya sighed.

Although Immortal Toya had already expected since the beginning that this unknown girl's coma would be a very tricky problem, it never occurred to him that he would be confronted with an illness that he might have never encountered in his many years as a doctor.

After that, Immortal Toya used a spell for guiding objects to lead the girl downstairs before carefully placing her in the passenger seat and fastening her seatbelt.

Once she was on Chrysanthemum Island, the girl in gray would face a full round of thorough testing.

Of course, Immortal Toya couldn't do it on his own; he still understood the principle that men and women shouldn't be intimate with each other. He would need the cooperation of Cailian Zhenren, who had some medical expertise.

Immortal Toya immediately gave Cailian Zhenren a call. "Hello? Is that Cailian Zhenren? I've just picked up a female patient from Senior Ling's place who's currently in a deep coma..."

Immortal Toya gave a brief account of his preliminary result.

Cailian Zhenren: "I understand. It just so happens that the recovery medicine you gave Ya Xuan the last time is running out; how about I take her to the island to stay for a while? I'll also be able to help you then."

Immortal Toya nodded. "That'll be great, Cailian Zhenren! Thanks very much!"

Cailian Zhenren: "Don't say that, Immortal! Senior Ling's problem is our problem!"

The people in the chat group were in fact more or less aware of this girl's situation. Because of her mysterious identity and the fact that her gray traditional attire seemed a little strange, this bunch was very curious about her.

Unfortunately, even after pooling all their abilities together, no one could uncover her identity or even clearly determine the origin of the traditional attire she was wearing.

"That being said, do you have a picture of the girl?" Cailian Zhenren asked.

"Yes! Just a minute, Zhenren, I'll take a picture for you!"

Lowering his phone, Immortal Toya turned on the Beautycam and took a picture of the girl reclining in the passenger seat at a forty-five degree angle. "Zhenren, here's the picture!" When he sent it, Immortal Toya couldn't help murmuring to himself over the girl's beauty.

On the other end, Cailian Zhenren saw the photo and was silent for a moment. Xiao Yin had mentioned before in the group that the girl was very pretty, so Cailian Zhenren had been looking forward to seeing how beautiful the girl was.

Well...

Indeed, she was really pretty!

But!

Cailian Zhenren: "Not bad, but still lacking in some places."

Immortal Toya: "What do you mean, Zhenren?"

Cailian Zhenren flipped her hair. "Do you know the difference between the Mariana Trench and a grassy plain?"

Immortal Toya: "..."

...

At noon, there was an extra pair of chopsticks at the Wang family's small villa, which had been specially prepared for Xiao Yin.

Mother Wang had always liked Xiao Yin a lot since their first meeting. Although Mother Wang herself wasn't someone who paid special attention to looks, it was undeniable that good looks indeed boosted a person's appeal!

"Why haven't I seen Old Senior Wang recently?" Xiao Yin sat at the dining table. Because Wang Ling was sitting opposite him, Xiao Yin was especially earnest as he placed his hands on his thighs in a docile pose.

"Grandpa has been in seclusion lately," Er Ha replied mysteriously.

The appointed time for the battle between Grandfather Wang and the head of Kitchen Knife Sect was just around the corner. Grandfather Wang had pretty much finished developing his recipes in the last few weeks, and apparently had been practicing his knife skills recently. Furthermore, he was practicing his skills at his old workplace, "Kikkaro Restaurant." For the sake of honing his knife skills, Grandfather Wang had been leaving the house every day before dawn for the past few days. Er Ha stood guard at the door, so was immediately aware of his movements.

Wang Ling nodded. Although he had been busy with the midterm exams for a bit and was going to be troubled with the summer camp soon, he had always been mindful about his grandfather's affairs.

When it came to cooking, there had never been a day when his grandfather's passion for it waned, even though he was getting on in years.

Speaking of which, Wang Ling remembered that when Grandfather Wang was young, he had also been a famous chef at Kikkaro Restaurant. No one could match him in the "Splitting Wind Knife Technique" he created, and he had won all kinds of awards all over the country for his exquisite knife skills.

Now, all these awards were locked away in the old man's place in the countryside.

Wang Ling remembered going to see them once when he was very young. Medals, trophies and certificates had been spread out everywhere. Furthermore, those medals were made from genuine immortal pure gold!

Wang Ling remembered as a child how some people had advised the old man to sell off his medals in order to buy a house in the city. Given the capital which the old man had accumulated in his youth, selling off a medal could have netted him a down payment for a house in the center of Songhai city, but that wasn't possible now...

Of course, of all the old man's achievements, the most impressive one had to be for the "First International Knife Maintenance Competition" which he took part in at the age of thirty. He won the international prize with the "Splitting Wind Knife Technique" once again, and was also given a title... As for the title, Wang Ling couldn't quite remember it, since this was a story he had heard when he was young.

Wang Ling turned to Mother Wang to ask telepathically, a puzzled look in his eyes.

Laying out the tableware, Mother Wang said, "You don't remember? When your grandfather participated in the First International Knife Maintenance Competition back then and directly won the championship with his knife skills, the event organizers gave him the title 'Clear Sky Knife Luo.'"

Wang Ling nodded. Right! That was it! Clear Sky Knife Luo1!

1(Adapted from "Clear Sky Douluo," one of the titles of the protagonist Tang Hao in the famous Chinese novel "Douluo Dalu.") Xiao Yin: "..."





Chapter 651 Xiao Yin's New Inspiration


Clear Sky Knife Luo... Xiao Yin felt like he had heard this title from somewhere; it sounded very familiar!

Because Grandfather Wang had been occupied these last few days with honing his knife skills, Mother Wang was now responsible for making all the meals in the Wang family. Ever since she stopped writing to become a housewife, she actually learned a lot of life skills. Apart from managing the household, she spent all her free time taking all kinds of qualification exams.

Mother Wang had taken especial care with the dishes tonight and had meticulously planned the pairing of the meat and vegetables.

The first dish was crystal radish. This was an imported ingredient which was very expensive. However, it just so happened to be on sale today, and she had bought two of them in passing. One she saved for another time, while she sliced the other and stir-fried it with shredded meat. She called this dish: stir-fried radish king.

The meat dish was vegetable meatballs, also called vegetable lion's head 1 . It was made with a mix of diced broccoli and meat rolled into balls with egg and flour. Broccoli actually wasn't the original vegetable ingredient, but they couldn't finish all the broccoli they had at the Wang family home. As a result, every time Mother Wang left home, she would take a few bags of broccoli with her to give out.

1(This is the name of a dish made with pork meatballs.) Although broccoli had been used as the vegetable substitute, which made the lion's head less chewy, that didn't stop Wang Ling from enjoying it. Since it was a little more troublesome to make this dish, Mother Wang would usually only make it if they had visitors, which proved just how much Mother Wang liked Xiao Yin!

Oh, that was right, Mother Wang named the dish: lion's head eating vegetables.

With the remaining two dishes, one was Wang Ming's favorite coral grouper; it was a pity he wasn't there today. The other dish was tonight's soup; it was a mushroom soup made with imported C mushrooms and bottled mushrooms 2, which was very good for the intestines.

2(C菌 is a popular uploader/live streamer,and 瓶子菌 is possibly the same ..) "Miss Silver, you're so thin, eat more. If it's not enough, there's more in the pot." Mother Wang smiled at Xiao Yin as she ladled out a bowl of rice.

Xiao Yin lowered his head shyly. "It's enough, enough. I actually eat very little, usually!"

Wang Ling and Er Ha cast disdainful looks at him one after another.

I've never seen such a shameless Silver!

Holding the bowl and chopsticks, Xiao Yin didn't dare eat until he saw Wang Ling pick up some food. "That, where's Senior Wang?"

Master's lord father! He remembered that the few times he had visited the Wang family's small villa, he had had very little opportunity to see Senior Wang.

"He's busy writing, let's eat first. He's always like this." Mother Wang smiled helplessly. "I'll deliver some food to him later."

Xiao Yin gazed at the second floor and was unable to stop chattering. "What book is Senior Wang writing? Can I read them?"

"It's an online serialization called The Live Streaming Life of the Immortal King ; his earlier book is called Let Go of That Wet Nurse ," Er Ha replied. "You can search for them online, but remember, you must subscribe to the official ones!"

"Of course!" Xiao Yin vowed in reply.

He silently recorded down the titles of these two novels in his mind. They were Senior Wang's masterpieces, he definitely had to read them! Not only that, he should put down the main points in a notebook as well!

He suddenly recalled seeing Lord Thunder reading a book when the latter had spare time at home, and not just reading but also studying from it. Xiao Yin now completely understood — it turned out that Lord Thunder was reading Senior Wang's novel!

If Master was already so awesome, then how strong was Senior Wang... there definitely had to be some lessons to be gleaned from the novel!

At night, it was Lord Thunder who specially came to the Wang family's small villa to bring Xiao Yin home, because he was afraid that if Xiao Yin went back on his own, the latter would be detained and taken to the police station yet again. Thunder could be said to be taking great pains with this...

On their way home, he noticed that Xiao Yin unexpectedly wasn't watching anime or online soap operas, but was reading an e-book very seriously. He was straightaway startled. "What are you reading? So serious!"

"Senior Wang's great work! You've been reading it all this time right? ... Can you lend me your notes to copy later?" Xiao Yin looked at him.

Lord Thunder broke out in a sweat. "I don't have notes... they're just some of my thoughts. Senior Wang's book is a little deep and I haven't completely understood it yet! If you're interested, we can study it together!"

For Lord Thunder, this was certainly a problem.

Tens of millions of people chased Senior Wang's novels. A casual call for monthly votes, and his ranking crushed everything else. So many people read his books, but how many truly understood them? Perhaps until now, no one had gleaned any sort of lesson from Senior Wang's novels; they definitely wouldn't be so easily understood.

The profound principles of Heavenly Dao required careful examination. In the past, it was possible to take over a hundred years of persistent study to uncover the profound meaning in an ancient arts volume.

Senior Wang's new book had only been serialized for a few months; how could anyone possibly comprehend it so easily?

After some thought, Xiao Yin frowned. "Thunder, did we skip some step, so we have no way of comprehending what Senior Wang wrote?"

Thunder thought this sounded interesting. "For example?"

"I think what we lack is practice!" Xiao Yin turned off his phone. Although he had only just started reading the novel, he was so excited as he was seized by a strong urge to write.

Previously, Xiao Yin had wondered if there was a way for him to make money without needing to leave the house! He had looked online for a long time and had only found some positions for freelance typists, half of which were probably fake.

After living at Lord Thunder's place for so long, Xiao Yin felt that he needed to learn to rely on himself!

And just then, he was hugely inspired by "Senior Wang."

"Thunder!"

Xiao Yin looked at him with a very earnest expression.

Lord Thunder: "???"

Xiao Yin: "I'm going to write novels!"

Lord Thunder: "..."

...

Sometime that night, Xiao Yin, who already couldn't hold back his desire to write, quickly started to write in the vein of a novel. Lord Thunder sat next to him and waited, looking forward to seeing what kind of great work he could create...

Xiao Yin: "Lord Thunder, what do you think about this opening?"

Lord Thunder: "What's your theme?"

Xiao Yin was full of confidence: "It's a story about Senior Wang's image as a writer, and is about a guru author who falls and struggles to get back on his feet."

Lord Thunder looked at the screen.

Xiao Yin's book started like this...

Average subscription: 30.

The young man was expressionless as he stared at the background stats. His sneer was faintly self-mocking. His fists were clenched so tight that his slightly sharp nails dug into his palms.

"Wang Situ, average subscription: 30 readers, loser third-tier writer!" After looking at this internal data, an editor sent the announcement in an indifferent tone to the authors' group.

It wasn't the least bit surprising that the editor's voice message would cause a sensation in the group.

"Average subscription is 30? As I expected, this trash writer is a loser!"

"This trash is a real embarrassment to us authors!"

"If it wasn't because he's the editor's friend, the website would have dumped him a long time ago."

...

Elsewhere, in the editing department, the editor who had announced the news sighed deeply.

The editor-in-chief next to him patted his shoulder. "Two years ago, he still had an average subscription of five thousand. It's been two years... he's slipped backwards instead of making progress. If it continues like this, he might even drop under the loser third tier."

...

Xiao Yin: "What do you think?"

Lord Thunder: "..."





Chapter 652 Did Outstanding People Take Supplementary Lessons On the Sly?


It was July 23rd on the thirteenth Sunday of the semester.

Dressed in a black robe, the tall and sturdy Lord of the Castle with sideburns unexpectedly arrived early that morning at the penthouse office of the upscale office building, which was the Lady of the Castle's office to begin with. They were going to receive the most important guest Mo Immortal Castle had had recently, so they had to extend the highest courtesy — a glass of fresh milk made from eight-hundred-year-old rhinoceros horn milk powder! Plus two lumps of crystal sugar!

Close to the appointed time, the Lady started to make the milk. This tin of eight-hundred-year-old rhinoceros horn milk powder was part of the Lord's collection. There were only two of them; one was secreted away in his place and the other was placed in the Lady's office for when they received important guests and for the Lord to drink when he came by in person.

"My Lord... is President Bai looking for us this time because there was something wrong with the information we gave him? Does he blame us?" The Lady of the Castle was clearly a little flustered. Previously, President Bai had rushed off to look for that green-furred dog and its owner to get revenge on them. Mo Immortal Castle had supplied the dog's coordinates, and President Bai had dispatched Mr Lu to scout out the situation. In the end, it had been a silver-haired young man who had taken up the fight.

"Our information is always accurate; it's impossible for there to have been a mistake. It's because of this that President Bai is visiting us again." The Lord sat in the executive chair and rested his chin on his steepled fingers as he said, "As for what happened the last time, I don't believe our information was wrong at all; it was the other party who was vigilant and took action beforehand."

"This... what do you mean?"

The Lady of the Castle was baffled. "This subordinate is slow-witted. Will my Lord please explain?"

The Lord's eyes turned dark. "Our Mo Immortal Castle's soul mark is unique and unmatched, and very covert. It's an important means by which we can gather tremendous amounts of information and leads. But we can't eliminate the possibility that an Almighty was able to detect the soul mark and even transfer it without us sensing it at all."

The Lady was hugely alarmed. "My Lord suspects that someone transferred the soul mark from that green-furred dog?"

"I'm afraid so."

The Lord nodded his head. "Nevertheless, we can still draw two conclusions. First, that silver-haired young man has an unusual connection to that green-furred dog."

"My Lord is utterly correct!" The Lady nodded. "We've already taken photos of both their movements... but what is the second point?"

The Lord answered, "The second point is that this green-furred dog's master absolutely isn't some ordinary person; I'm afraid he might be an extremely powerful Almighty. Not just anyone can pass on our Mo Immortal Castle's soul mark without the slightest trace. As for whether or not this dog's owner is the young man in that villa, we actually still need to verify this."

If he was an exceedingly powerful Almighty, the Lord just couldn't put the image of an Almighty together with a youngster.

Although the ten generals which Mo Immortal Castle had dispatched suffered a crushing defeat at this mysterious young man's hand, it actually still remained to be seen whether he truly was an Almighty capable of passing on the soul mark.

From the intelligence which the Lord currently had...

Whether it was that green-furred dog, that silver-haired young man, that Great Death-Courting Senior, or that youngster Zhuo Yi, whom the Lord had already viewed as a thorn in one's side before this, they weren't small or simple characters. Furthermore, this Zhuo Yi was currently at the height of his popularity!

The relationships among these characters appeared complicated, but it was in fact very simple: they could be explained when everything came down to that young man.

"Did we find anything on that young man?" The Lord frowned at this thought.

Previously, they had dispatched many intelligence spies to investigate that mysterious young man's identity, but all they had gotten was just pixels.

"We found something..." The Lady of the Castle nodded. "This time, our spies started with the people around this young man, and finally obtained information on his family. Their investigations then circled round to a very mystical place which this young man attends regularly for learning."

A place of learning?

The Lord was blank; logically speaking, even if this young man and that Almighty weren't the same person, the young man wouldn't be so weak... But he was actually going to school... Sure enough, did outstanding people take supplementary lessons on the sly?

"Where does this young man go to study? Which sect is it?" The lord couldn't help drinking a mouthful of milk; he also wanted to enroll in some classes later.

"Number 60 High School," was the Lady's honest reply.

"..."

Then, with a "pu" sound, the Lord directly sprayed a mouthful of milk.

He was alarmed; why was it that damn place again?

...

Less than ten minutes after the Lord and Lady's conversation, President Bai finally showed up.

The person who accompanied him this time was no longer Mr Lu or Elder Zuo Wu, but that very feminine-looking Elder Ji Xing.

When they appeared, Elder Ji Xing was powdering his face.

This time, President Bai had come to inquire specifically about that young man. When the Lord had learned from the Lady earlier that this young man studied at Number 60 High School, he inexplicable started to feel nervous...

The truth was that there were few places that the Lord would wholeheartedly describe as "that damn place." Thanks to its massive spy network, Mo Immortal Castle's intelligence network was outstanding. However, there were some places that this intelligence network couldn't reach. For example, Huaxiu Alliance HQ, the family apartment building where Wei Zhi lived, and every place that was related to the Ten Founding Generals; these were all restricted areas for their intelligence spies.

Just a while ago, the Lord had been thinking about designating Number 60 High as a restricted area...

Because this school was too weird!

It seemed to have something to do with all the big shots that had been captured recently!

He had never ever thought that even this young man whom they were painstakingly investigating... would actually be a student at this high school!

Such a formidable youngster was actually studying at a Foundation Establishment high school?

The corner of the Lord's mouth couldn't help twitching as he felt like his three views had already been shattered.

As soon as President Bai entered, he didn't speak, but sat down on the sofa himself and took the glass of rhinoceros horn milk from the Lady without even looking at the other party.

"Have you prepared the information we asked for?" Elder Ji Xin asked from beside President Bai.

"Since it was President Bai's request, we've naturally prepared accordingly." The Lord waved his hand and the Lady was ready to hand over the data in a small USB.

But when the USB was handed over, the Lord hesitated a little and stared at President Bai with an awkward smile. "That... President Bai, are you sure you don't want to reconsider?"

Although Mo Immortal Castle's main business was selling information and it had an excellent intelligence department, there were actually still times when it was very important to protect their clients' personal safety.





Chapter 653 A Piece of Advice From the Lord of Mo Immortal Castle


Mo Immortal Castle was an intelligence organization that enjoyed a particular level of reputation in Songhai City and even in the world. The reason why it had lasted so long and was so established was thanks to the prestige it had accumulated through its satisfied clients; even when it had been on the verge of collapse many times, the organization managed to pick itself up in the nick of time.

In reality, it wasn't just the cultivation underworld that bought information from Mo Immortal Castle; it also had lawful clients. What mattered in the end was who could meet a higher price. As Mo Immortal Castle's most important client, President Bai enjoyed lifelong service of secrecy in the organization. That was to say, Mo Immortal Castle would never sell any information related to him.

In working with such an important client, apart from protecting his privacy, Mo Immortal Castle also considered his personal safety.

Number 60 High this place...

In the Lord of the Castle's eyes at least, this was a pretty ominous place.

There had really been too many big shots who had fallen in this place. Even if they survived, like that Daoist Taotie, he just so happened to be the junior brother of that Number 60 High's history teacher!

Now that the Lord thought about it carefully, he felt that the reason why Daoist Taotie had been able to escape unscathed... definitely had to be because he was related to a teacher from Number 60 High!

However, President Bai and Elder Ji Xing behind him didn't pay attention to the Lord's well-meaning advice. Elder Ji Xing merely accepted this information which they had paid for on President Bai's behalf and then directly plugged the USB into the portable laptop he carried as he started to scan the information.

"Number 60 High?"

Elder Ji Xing thought this place was a little familiar; for a period of time, it had seemed to pop up repeatedly in the news.

"President Bai, Elder Ji Xing... I feel that you should reconsider." The Lord was silent for a while before he said, "There's something a little strange about this school; my Mo Immortal Castle was just about to put this school on the list of restricted areas. From now on, we will no longer arrange for our spies to operate around this school."

"Aren't you exaggerating?" Elder Ji Xing sneered. "I remember now, didn't that General Director Zhuo Yi who's currently doing so well graduate from this school? For such a small school, it contains so many capable people."

"That's right; apart from this youngster who's still studying in this Foundation Establishment high school for some reason, its teachers also aren't ordinary." The Lord stroked his beard and reminded them, "This school is responsible for the top-ranked international assassination organization, Shadow Stream, being completely wiped out. The truth is, there are indeed a pair of individuals at this school whom the assassins circle recognize as epic-level killers."

When the Lord said this, President Bai's eyebrows finally moved slightly.

Elder Ji Xing asked curiously, "Do you mean Daoist Taotie and Gorgeous Itinerant?"

"That's right." The Lord answered honestly, "After Gorgeous Itinerant retired, he became a history teacher at this school. A while ago, his junior brother came to my Mo Immortal Castle to buy information for the sake of revenge. Unfortunately, it appears that the two of them reconciled in the end. Besides these two great killers, the rest of the teachers in this school, whether they have high or low realms, aren't characters that are easy to deal with."

Speaking up to this point, the Lord sighed quietly in his heart.

He had truly already tried his best!

Actually, he had exaggerated a little as he deliberately made Number 60 High's teachers sound very mysterious. But the truth was that apart from that Gorgeous Itinerant who was already a known quantity, the only other person at Number 60 High currently who could truly be considered an expert was Headmaster Chen; this was also a person who wasn't easy to deal with.

In short, while his explanation had been slightly exaggerated, the Lord of the Castle hoped that this important client of his wouldn't have anything to do with this "troublesome place."

However, not everyone had as intense a desire to survive as the Lord.

Apart from the faint twitch of his eyebrows earlier, President Bai didn't seem to think much of Number 60 High School at all.

"Ji Xing, I'll leave this school to you." After a moment of silence, he gave Elder Ji Xing next to him this instruction.

"How should I deal with it?" Elder Ji Xing smiled deviously.

"Raze it to the ground," President Bai said lightly.

"Very well." Elder Ji Xing nodded his head.

It wasn't the first time they had done something like this, it was just on a broader scale this time.

It was just a Foundation Establishment high school; apart from one or two teachers who would be slightly harder to handle and that mysterious youngster, this would be a piece of cake, and Elder Ji Xing felt a little excited!

When the time came, President Bai just needed to use the "Wuji Umbrella" to open an independent space in Number 60 High's school grounds, and Elder Ji Xing could sneak in and do whatever he wanted!

Elder Ji Xing's smile was full of confidence; it was the kind of smile that hid daggers. "Rest assured, Lord President, I'll definitely handle this splendidly. Zuo Wu that trash was too soft, but I'm different."

The Lady was blank when she saw his expression. "I have yet to ask President Bai, who is this elder?"

Ji Xing looked at President Bai, and the latter raised his hand to indicate that Elder Ji Xing could disclose his identity.

Elder Ji Xing looked at the Lord of the Castle. "I forgot to introduce myself, this humble one is called Ji Xing. I am President Bai's number one weaponsmith. I was studying on Sun Island all these years, and I've only just returned to Lord President's side. During my time on Sun Island, I was also called Sonico."

"Sun Island?" The Lord narrowed his eyes. He couldn't tell that this Elder Ji Xing was actually an overseas returnee.

But speaking of studying on Sun Island, the Lord could instantly draw some conclusions about this Elder Ji Xing. From his relatively skintight outfit, it was very likely that the other party had studied Sun Island's ninjutsu. It was a small place to begin with, so to specially run over to study, it definitely had to do with ninjutsu.

The Lord gave a faint smile. "It appears that Mr Ji Xing is skilled in ninjutsu?"

"I wouldn't say I'm skilled, I just have my own understanding of it." Elder Ji Xing smiled. "But speaking of this humble one's path of learning, a lot happened. For example, I once encountered a very strong baldie on Sun Island, who used the 'One Punch Ninja Technique' and almost destroyed me..."

The Lord of the Castle: "In the end?"

"Luckily, I only lost one ball."

Elder Ji Xing smiled: "Before that, my alias was actually Sonic1."

1(This entire exchange refers to Sonic, 索尼克 in the Chinese transliteration, who is a ninja character in the series "One Punch Man" that accidentally gets punched in the crotch by the bald-headed protagonist, hence the joke of him losing his balls. Chinese viewers jokingly changed his name to 索尼子, with 子 meaning 'egg,' another way to refer to a man's balls in Chinese.) The Lord and Lady: "..."





Chapter 654 Mother Juan's Food Tasting Even


President Bai and Elder Ji Xing who was accompanying him left the Lady's office after obtaining the files they wanted.

Hands crossed behind his head, the Lord of the Castle's gaze was a little profound as he stared in front of him. He still felt that President Bai's decision to act against Number 60 High School was a real pity.

The Lady would never be able to forget this heavy expression. Even when Mo Immortal Castle had been on the verge of collapsing several times, she had never seen the Lord reveal such a constipated expression like the one today. She was actually well aware that the reason why the Lord had offered President Bai advice was because the latter was currently Mo Immortal Castle's important client and source of revenue...

If this client died, they had no choice but to look for another one.

"My Lord, what do you think President Bai's chances of victory are?" The Lady couldn't help asking as she looked at him.

"Ten percent... or even lower."

"That bad..."

The Lady was stunned.

In her eyes, President Bai's strength was already heaven-defying, while this overseas returnee Elder Ji Xing clearly had a greater aura than Mr. Lu; this was a super expert through and through. For such an expert, killing Foundation Establishment cultivators would simply be as easy as killing chicken, yet the Lord actually didn't think he had the slightest chance of succeeding in the face of this Foundation Establishment high school.

How little faith did he have in President Bai and his man, to make such an assertion...

"There are times when man has to believe in fate." The Lord was very clear on this and his face was composed. "I didn't use to believe it, either. But have you realized, as long as the information we have is related to Number 60 High, nothing good happens?"

The Lady was blank. "..." Thinking about it very carefully, she realized it was true!

The Lord sighed. "By sending Elder Ji Xing there, President Bai will lose his right hand man, and likely won't be able to support himself for too long after that. Given our current capital, we will only be able to last half a year at most, which is far from enough... We need to find our next client as soon as possible."

"..."

The Lady never expected the Lord to have already thought about the future.

The Lord sighed. "Go look through our past client profiles and see if you can find someone who currently still works closely with us. Sell them some information on Elder Ji Xing."

The Lady: "My Lord, you mean..."

The Lord: "I mean, go and see if we have clients in the crematorium or coffin-making business. Sell them information on Elder Ji Xing so that they can prepare beforehand; I have a strong feeling that Elder Ji Xing is going to his death."

"But my Lord, the Demon Hunters Association is now still our important partner and client. We signed a confidentiality agreement."

"That's only valid when they're alive; it never said anything about after their deaths."

"..."

...

This Sunday was a little lively.

Wang Ling was at home scrolling through the class group, which hadn't been idle for a single moment.

According to the outstanding gossip detective Guo Hao, Mother Juan was holding a food tasting event at four in the afternoon and had invited parents who were free to come and try her new dishes. The most frightening thing was that a lot of them had actually agreed!

The parents didn't know how scary she was, but as someone who had experienced it, no one was clearer than Guo Hao about how frightening this kitchen lady was.

"I was knocked over by Mother Juan's fan bing bing the last time1 - who knows what kind of dish she's come up with this time." Fear still lingered in his heart as Guo Hao typed the message in the group.

1(From chapter 215..) Chen Chao laughed heartily in front of his screen and couldn't help replying, "Guys, do you still remember the Shadow Stream assassins who invaded our school last time?"

Everybody: "???"

Chen Chao: "One of them snuck into the school canteen, and Mother Juan killed him with one swing from a ladle. I've always thought that this is probably a better way to die; slowly eating her food would be so torturous you would wish you were already dead."

Everyone: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

...

Know yourself, know your enemy, and you will be ever victorious. Elder Ji Xing initially didn't think much of this small Foundation Establishment high school, but when he thought of the Lord of Mo Immortal Castle's repeated advice, he decided to scout Number 60 High out first.

He had specially disguised himself before going out. Given his effeminate appearance, it was very easy for him to disguise himself as a woman. People usually dropped their guards significantly when dealing with women, which made infiltration much easier.

Thus, Elder Ji Xing went out in a long blonde wig, a long black dress and a pair of red high heels. The wig was a camouflage magic artifact and very expensive. Not only could it change color, its length could also be adjusted at will.

The most crucial thing was that this wig was completely attached to every inch of his scalp so it absolutely wouldn't fall off so easily and cause embarrassment!

Elder Ji Xing arrived at Number 60 High, full of curiosity.

Qingyun Road, Peiyuan District.

This was where Number 60 High was located.

Lifting his head to look at the sky, he noticed that there was a very thick barrier over the school.

"The school is so shabby, but the barrier outside is so thick!"

Elder Ji Xing couldn't help muttering to himself.

He didn't know that after experiencing several attacks in succession, the school had actually taken very effective defense measures... Actually, Number 60 High didn't even have a decent barrier two months ago!

Elder Ji Xing had initially planned to sneak in, but it looked like he would have to break through the main gate.

In the end, when he reached Number 60 High's main gate, he was greatly disappointed by the scene in front of him.

This school was a little small!

Not only was it small, its basic facilities seemed to be lacking overall. Even at this distance from the entrance, he could feel a heavy sense of tumultuous history from the school. The worn-out stone sculpture at the gate made him utterly unwilling to get any closer: the metal ball it held was stained and rusty and the stone was covered all over in moss; there were even small mushrooms growing on the sides! How many germs were on this thing?

Elder Ji Xing couldn't help trembling just looking at it! After all, he had mysophobia!

He decided that when he officially attacked this school tomorrow, the first thing he would do was blow up this rotten stone sculpture; he felt that every inch of this cramped school had to be tidied up.

"Parent, may I ask, which teacher are you looking for? Did you make an appointment?" School guard Old Li had noticed this blonde-haired young lady from inside the security booth.

Elder Ji Xing smiled slightly and switched to a sweet and pleasant female voice. "It's like this, mister..."

Just as he was about to make up a fake reason to enter Number 60 High and take a look, he didn't expect this school guard to directly say, "Are you here for Mother Juan's food tasting event?"

Food tasting event...

Elder Ji Xing was blank.

Before he could regain his senses, he saw Old Li directly buzz him in. "Parent, please come in. The canteen is on the right."





Chapter 655 The Parent Who Didn't Collapse


Just like that, Elder Ji Xing inexplicably infiltrated Number 60 High School.

Food tasting event? What was that?

In order not to arouse suspicion, Elder Ji Xing went over to the doors of the canteen building on the right under Old Li's watchful gaze. He then saw a sign that read "Parents' Food Tasting Event" at the door... It really was a food tasting event! How free was this school that it could hold such an activity?!

When he was staring at the sign, an old auntie in a chef's uniform came out of the building, a wide smile on her face as she looked at him. "Parent, are you here for the food tasting?"

This old auntie in the chef's uniform was that very Mother Juan, who was smiling good-naturedly at that moment.

Elder Ji Xing: "Erm..."

He was going to ask where the toilet was, then pretend to look for it as he stealthily slipped away. But he had only gotten out an "Erm" and had yet to say the second half when Mother Juan directly latched onto his hand and pulled him through the doors. "That's great! I knew it! There are still some parents with integrity! I sent out invitations to this food tasting event a week ago. I already prepared all the dishes today, but in the end not a single person came... They all suddenly said that they had something to do! I waited for so long at the entrance! Finally, I caught a live parent!"

Elder Ji Xing: "..."

Not far behind him at the school gate, Old Li watched Mother Juan pull Elder Ji Xing inside and sighed lightly in relief.

Today was indeed Mother Juan's food tasting event, but none of the parents had shown up at all. Although Old Li understood their reasons, he thought Mother Juan was a little pitiful. If not a single parent showed up, she would definitely be very hurt!

Just as he was wondering whether he should look for several fake parent stand-ins to attend the food tasting, he happened to see this Elder Ji Xing disguised as a blonde beauty standing at the school gate... Although she didn't look very familiar, she was in any case a live parent!

Old Li didn't even think about it before he buzzed her in...

On a street corner outside the school, a plainclothes little brother watched the blonde-haired young woman walk in before silently taking out his cell phone to make a call to none other than the leader of Kitchen Knife Sect, Jiang Haifu.

"Sect leader."

"How's the situation?"

The little brother scanned the list. "I've already stopped all the parents on the list who were on their way to the food tasting event. But a parent still went in... this parent doesn't seem to be on the list."

"How many parents?"

"Just the one."

The leader of Kitchen Knife Sect gave a sigh. "One... how unfortunate..."

But they had already achieved their objective by intercepting the other parents.

After all, saving one life was better than building a seven-storied pagoda!

Other people had never eaten Mother Juan's food before, but Jiang Haifu had tasted it way before school opened - he was a Golden Core cultivator, and it had almost drilled holes into his stomach!

He understood Mother Juan too well - the scariest thing about her food wasn't that it was poisonous.

It was how beautiful that poison was.

When they came out, Mother Juan's dishes looked like the real deal and were absolutely exquisite, from the arrangement on the plate to the decor; there wasn't even anything wrong with the taste. It was after eating it, however, when the dreadful chemical reactions happened.

In the eyes of the leader of Kitchen Knife Sect Jiang Haifu, those dishes were actually like the beautiful but poisonous mushrooms in the forest.

"Then sect leader, what should we do now?"

"Continue keeping watch. If anything happens to this parent, remember to call an ambulance."

"Yes, sect leader..." The little brother nodded his head obediently. "But sect leader, I'm a little puzzled. Since this Mother Juan's food is so terrible, why don't the parents complain?"

"No, you're wrong." The leader of Kitchen Knife Sect Jiang Haifu replied, "Most parents actually don't know how terrible Mother Juan's food is... the reason I stopped them is to save Mother Juan some face. She's already an old woman in her mid-sixties; wholeheartedly studying new cuisine at her age isn't easy. As for why I'm going out of my way to help her, it's actually very simple."

The little brother: "???"

The leader of Kitchen Knife Sect Jiang Haifu covered his face and laughed bitterly. "She's my shifu ."

The little brother: "..."

...

Number 60 High's canteen was very big, with the standard set-up of tables for four people each. Mother Juan enthusiastically dragged Elder Ji Xing inside; he was utterly baffled and didn't know what on earth was happening.

In this empty canteen, there were just him and this enthusiastic kitchen lady, a total of two people.

At a loss, Elder Ji Xing was shown to a seat by Mother Juan. There were fully ten dishes on the table, and they were all covered with lids to preserve an air of mystery.

Elder Ji Xing sighed in his heart.

He was still casing the school, so he wouldn't directly make a move.

There was no other option... He could only tolerate it for now and eat all the food here. After pretending that he was about to leave the school, he would think of a way to sneak in for a look.

He sighed again at this thought.

When he lifted his head, he realized that the kitchen lady in front of him was already wearing an extremely moved expression and looked like she was about to cry. "I'm so touched! Parent! Of all of them, you're the only one who came today!"

Elder Ji Xing took a deep breath. He wondered if it was because this kitchen lady's cooking wasn't good that no parent had dared to come. But when Mother Juan lifted the lid off the first dish, Elder Ji Xing froze at the sight that met his eyes!

It was fried rice, but the grains had been put together in the shape of snowflakes so that it looked like a snowy landscape on a winter day. Embellished with ketchup along the sides, this dish felt like a work of art!

This arrangement, this design! The most important thing, moreover, was that when the lid was taken off, the dish actually glowed!

This first dish was Mother Juan's newest specialty — fan bing bing 1 !

1(Literally "rice ice ice," and a homonym of the name of a well-known Chinese actress ..) Elder Ji Xing was overwhelmed.

It looked like this kitchen lady wasn't a simple person! It was possible she was an expert!

Elder Ji Xing was even more baffled now.

From the arrangement on the plate and its appearance, this should be a very delicious dish! And it smelled so good! After cultivating to this point, Elder Ji Xing had resigned himself to the fact that his appetite for good food had completely withered. But the moment the lid had been opened, he realized he was actually craving it!

Swallowing his saliva, Elder Ji Xing picked up the spoon on the side, dug into the rice, and put a spoonful in his mouth.

His eyes opened wide.

It was full of flavor!

Simply put, it was delicious!

Elder Ji Xing was now even more confused. His gaze swept over the other nine dishes which were still covered; anyone would know that each one would be better than the one before.

He then looked at Mother Juan and commented, "Old auntie, this dish is really good."

"That's great!" Mother Juan couldn't be happier.

This parent actually hadn't collapsed?! It looked like her experiment was successful?!

After a moment of silence, Elder Ji Xing said, "But why didn't any parents come for the food tasting?"

Talking about this, Mother Juan was a little sad. "That's right, it wasn't easy for me to cook all these dishes... If you like them, just eat them all! Then my efforts won't have been in vain."

Hearing this, Elder Ji Xing instantly felt a little moved.

He remembered how he had experienced all kinds of rejection when he had studied on Sun Island. In some sense, he felt that he and Mother Juan were fellow sufferers.

As a result, he nodded very solemnly. "Very well! Don't mind if I do!"

How could he let the dishes that this old woman had put so much effort into go to waste?





Chapter 656 Elder Ji Xing Is Moved


Just the first dish already was fried rice that was incomparably fresh and fragrant, which unexpectedly moved Elder Ji Xing, who hadn't felt this way for a long time.

Sure enough... was this the taste of a mother's cooking?

All of a sudden, he felt his nose sting. His mother had died and left him at a very early age. Elder Ji Xing, who had grown up without knowing a mother's love, unexpectedly felt tears well up in his eyes at that moment. For some reason, a voice rang out in his head: What is filial piety? What is love? What is.. a mother's love?

Most importantly, as Elder Ji Xing couldn't help looking up at the sky, this fried rice made him recall his mother from within the depths of his memory... He wondered if she was faring well in heaven.

Why had he subconsciously looked up at the sky?

It was to hold back the tears that threatened to fall.

Thinking this, he felt a little ashamed.

After so many years of diligent cultivation and given his profound realm, Elder Ji Xing already felt like nothing he encountered could move him. But right now, he was almost about to cry over a plate of fried rice made by a Golden Core kitchen lady.

It would be so shameful if word of this got out, which was why he could only endure it.

After he calmed down, Elder Ji Xing looked at the remaining nine dishes he had yet to taste and was suddenly a little afraid... Getting the urge to cry after every dish... How could he let that happen?

He wanted to decline, but before he could say anything, Mother Juan's hand was already on the lid of the second dish and she directly opened it.

It was still followed with an intense glow like for the first dish, and might be even more stronger.

Mother Juan revealed her second dish — heavenly silkworm potato strips 2.0!

Because eating version 1.0 frequently caused insomnia and blocked the flow of spirit energy, Mother Juan had improved her cooking methods to redo the heavenly silkworm potato strips from scratch and released version 2.0!

As a matter of fact, all the dishes for the food tasting were versions 2.0, including the first fan bing bing dish. With the version 1.0 dishes which had been newly created back then, they caused a fair amount of different aftereffects, like the fan bing bing fried rice which caused diarrhea.

With these newly released versions 2.0, however, Mother Juan could actually confidently guarantee... that theoretically speaking, they wouldn't cause any side effects!

Mm, theoretically speaking...

And in fact, her conjecture had been verified.

After this pretty female parent had eaten the fan bing bing, not only didn't she feel the slightest bit of pain, let alone collapse, the most important thing was that this parent even had a touched expression on her face.

It could only be said that the improved fan bing bing version 2.0 was a tremendous success!

Mother Juan was very excited and she fervently hoped that this fated parent would taste all the new version 2.0 dishes which she had developed.

"To make this heavenly silkworm potato strips, I was very careful in choosing the potatoes at the very beginning of the process. The ones I chose weren't too big nor too small; they had to be just right! And did you notice? Each slice is the same in length and width. To ensure the freshest taste, I spent a lot of time on just slicing the potatoes."

"..."

"Hurry up and try my dish."

Elder Ji Xing realized that he already couldn't refuse.

The other party had painstakingly cut these heavenly silkworm potato strips. Even if Heavenly Silkworm Potato was slow with his updates1, as a kitchen lady with such personal integrity, it wasn't Mother Juan's fault! Since the other party had gone to so much trouble to slice the potatoes, how could he not take even a bite?

1(A reminder that this is the pseudonym of another web novelist..) As a result, a deeply emotional Elder Ji Xing picked up some with his chopsticks and put it in his mouth.

He sighed inwardly. Maybe it was because of the first fan bing bing dish, but he was missing his mother now, and his sympathetic heart instantly swelled to the point of bursting.

Not only did this Golden Core kitchen lady's food taste like a mother's cooking...

Unwittingly, Elder Ji Xing felt that Mother Juan's words had a motherly tone to them, which made him unable to refuse!

And sure enough, these heavenly silkworm potato strips caused tears to well up in his eyes again.

These potato slices had been so well cooked! It wasn't just in the prep details, they were also very crunchy and tasty, and felt like the home cooking of one's childhood! This time, not only did Elder Ji Xing recall his mom, he also recalled his grandmother! It was as if his grandmother had cooked these potato slices for him!

He remembered not long after his mother's death when he was very young, his grandmother had taken care of him for some time. But it wasn't for even a year before she also passed away.

At this thought, Elder Ji Xing suddenly felt even sadder.

When he was young, a fortune teller had once told him that he was born under a lonely star, and would bring death to the people around him. In the end, they had really left him one by one.

This was in fact one of the main reasons why Elder Ji Xing had chosen the evil path and joined the Demon Hunters Association.

When his family left him one by one, he had truly felt that the world had abandoned him.

As a result, he had started to cultivate assiduously and dove into studying the art of refining artifacts, until he met President Bai...

The past was still fresh in his mind.

Eating the fan bing bing and the potato slices bit by bit as his memories played like an old movie in his head, Elder Ji Xing polished off both dishes.

Mother Juan was ecstatic at this scene. This parent had actually finished the food!

And after finishing the two dishes one after another, she actually hadn't collapsed!

It looked like Mother Juan's food research was truly a success?

Actually, she hadn't thought to let the parent finish eating all of it.

Because while this parent had remained firmly upright after one mouthful without collapsing, Mother Juan couldn't guarantee that there wasn't any risk in finishing off the dish...

Theoretically speaking, she could guarantee that there weren't any aftereffects from one bite... but that was only limited to the one bite!

However, this female parent had polished it all off fervently, and furthermore, didn't look the least bit sick!

Had Mother Juan really succeeded in her food research?

At that moment, her heart couldn't help trembling.

She had spent so much time developing these dishes!

Could they now finally see the light of day?

But just as Mother Juan was feeling elated, Elder Ji Xing abruptly opened his eyes wide! He felt his vision suddenly turn blurry, and with a "pu" sound, he faceplanted into the plate in front of him.

Mother Juan: "..."





Chapter 657 Pitiful Elder Ji Xing


This...

Mother Juan's heart suddenly sank; after checking that this female parent was still breathing, she immediately breathed a sigh of relief. It looked like she had only passed out. After all, this female parent had eaten two of her dishes, and most critically, had actually finished them!

But fainting wasn't a side effect of the fan bing bing and heavenly silkworm potato strips!

Mother Juan thought it was a little strange; logically speaking, only the third dish "bloody hell tomatoes" might cause people to faint right away. But after creating the improved version 2.0, she was very confident that just one bite wouldn't be a problem at all - absolutely no more than a bite was the right way to go!

Staring at the female parent who had toppled over on the table, Mother Juan sighed and then took out a bottle of emerald green pills.

These were Empty Stomach Pumping Pills. Just one pill would instantly dissolve everything in the stomach as well as detoxify the insides. Of course, this was an emergency medicine which only worked when it was taken within three minutes of a person eating something wrong. If taken too late, the person could only be sent to the hospital to get their stomach pumped.

She took out one pill, and just as she stretched out her hand to give it to Elder Ji Xing, his head suddenly twitched, and he sat back up!

Mother Juan: "..."

Elder Ji Xing opened his eyes a little hazily. He had a dazed expression as he rubbed his eyes and felt a little dizzy. However, the feeling quickly faded, only to be replaced with utter bafflement... He remembered that he had been about to taste the next dish, but why didn't he have any memory at all of the first two dishes?

Looking at Elder Ji Xing's muddle-headed expression, Mother Juan immediately guessed from the female parent's vacant look that the other party had perhaps lost her memory...

But the problem was that amnesia also wasn't a side effect caused by these two dishes!

Could it be a poisonous mix of the two?

Mother Juan thought of this possibility.

That was because no one had been able to finish eating more than one of her new dishes before; now, this female parent had finished two dishes in one go, and furthermore had polished off the plates! When the toxins in two new dishes combined together, they created brand new side effects, and the side effects for a combination of the fan bing bing and heavenly silkworm potato strips was fainting and temporary amnesia!

Pondering this, Mother Juan felt that this was the only explanation that made sense.

Even she herself never thought that there would be this kind of operation.

But looking at this female parent's current reaction, it was only fainting and temporary amnesia; she was still alive!

Thus, Mother Juan once again gave Elder Ji Xing an affable smile. "Parent, the food tasting event has officially started! Please taste the first dish, bloody hell tomatoes!"

As soon as she said that, Mother Juan directly opened the lid of the third dish.

Elder Ji Xing: "???" Wait! The food tasting... just started?! Then what was up with the two empty plates before this one?

Mother Juan passed Elder Ji Xing a new pair of chopsticks. "Parent, here are your chopsticks! The other parents already ate the first two dishes and finished them because they were too delicious. You came at the right time!"

Elder Ji Xing: "There... there were other parents?"

Mother Juan smiled. "Of course! But they left after eating, as they still had other things to do later. So the rest have been left for you to taste!"

Elder Ji Xing was addled. "..." Was this the case?

But before he could think too carefully about it, Mother Juan had already started to introduce the third dish.

Bloody hell tomatoes version 2.0! Not only had she chosen better quality tomatoes, even the white sugar accompaniment was of a new and improved quality! This wasn't ordinary white sugar, but sugar produced by the Qin family in the ancient capital of Jiangzhou city (originally Guang Ling regional city)! Each jin was sold in immortal gold currency!

"Don't underestimate my tomato salad. These aren't ordinary tomatoes, I chose them very carefully. The sugar is Jiangzhou city's Qin family's sugar, which I bought with my pension. I added three spoons of it to this tomato salad."

"..."

"Hurry up and see what my dish is like."

Elder Ji Xing realized that he already couldn't refuse.

The other party had spent a great deal of money to buy this white sugar, the famous Qin family's sugar! This was a well-known condiment! Furthermore, he was already here, but hadn't tried even a single dish! Even though his initial objective had been to infiltrate Number 60 High School for a look around, he still had to properly act his part given his current disguise! He couldn't arouse this kitchen lady's suspicions!

And most importantly, the other party had gone to so much trouble to make this dish, how could he not take even a bite?

This old woman had painstakingly made this food, how could he let her good intentions go to waste!

And so, Elder Ji Xing picked up a slice of cold tomato liberally sprinkled with sugar and put it into his mouth.

This was...

In a flash, tears welled up and spilled from his eyes!

This tomato salad had been mixed so well! The tartness of the tomato and the sweetness of the Qin family's sugar were a perfect blend of flavors, which made him feel extremely moved! This time, he was reminded of his grandfather!

After his grandmother passed away, it was his grandfather who looked after him, and he was the best at making salads!

But most unfortunately, not long after Elder Ji Xing came under his care, his grandfather went to join his grandmother...

Elder Ji Xing couldn't help sighing in his heart.

This tomato salad tasted strongly of his grandfather's cooking, which he pined for!

When Elder Ji Xing came back to his senses, he realized that he had already polished off this entire tomato salad.

He dabbed at the tears that clung to his eyes.

After coming back to himself, he saw that the kitchen lady, who had been wearing an affable expression initially, was now observing him with eyes as wide as copper bells - as if she was watching a white mouse in an experiment.

But when Elder Ji Xing rubbed his eyes again, he found that she was back to that good-natured smile.

... Had he been mistaken?

The truth was that it hadn't been a mistake - Mother Juan was observing his reactions.

She actually wasn't sure whether or not there would be anymore new side effects.

After several seconds, she then saw Elder Ji Xing faceplant into the third plate.

Mother Juan: "..."

It seemed that the side effects of fainting and memory loss from the combination of the first few two dishes hadn't disappeared completely; instead, eating the third dish had exacerbated them!

This time, Mother Juan didn't take out the medicine, but waited silently.

Sure enough, Elder Ji Xing regained consciousness after several seconds.

With a good-natured expression, Mother Juan gave him a new pair of chopsticks. "Parent, the food tasting event has officially started! Please taste the first dish..."





Chapter 658 The Side Effects of Mother Juan's Cooking


This time, Mother Juan had prepared ten dishes in all. She duped Elder Ji Xing into finishing the ninth dish, and his reaction was to faceplant into the ninth empty plate.

For some reason, Mother Juan's conscience was pricked.

There was still the last dish to be tasted.

These weren't regular croquette balls, but in a real sense was a new dish she had recently created since no one had tasted version 1.0 of it before. The croquette's ingredient was a type of spirit silkworm chrysalis which had to have formed for not longer than half a month, to guarantee that the ingredient was fresh!

The exact cooking method was very simple — wash the selected spirit silkworm chrysalises and slice them. Mix them with dragon pork and crispy spirit chicken bones in the right proportions. Add fresh eggs and cornflour, and roll them into balls. After adding the seasoning, the final step was to deep fry them on high heat.

The crispiness of the bones and the robustness of the dragon pork made the meatballs very chewy, and when they were deep fried on high heat, the sliced spirit silkworm chrysalis would melt like a cheesy yolk... with one bite, the liquid would explode in the mouth!

Mother Juan felt that this was a particularly ingenious method, but after making these croquettes the last time, she had just put them in the fridge and had planned to find someone to try them the next day.

The end result was that the rest of the fresh food in the fridge had gone bad by the second day...

Thus, Mother Juan had never taken these croquettes out to be tasted before.

But she gave it a very pleasant-sounding name: crispy chrysalis balls.

Now, after Mother Juan had personally improved them, version 2.0 was out.

The crispy chrysalis balls now wouldn't make the food around them rot or go bad. But after this female parent had finished eating nine of her dishes one after another, and had lost her memory after each one, Mother Juan found it really hard to imagine what type of adverse reaction she might have after eating this final croquette dish.

Mother Juan felt a little guilty!

After all, she hadn't tested these crispy chrysalis balls before; wouldn't it be too late if it reacted badly with any of the other dishes the parent had already eaten? To prevent this from happening, Mother Juan almost involuntarily decided to put away the last dish before this female parent regained consciousness.

Unfortunately, she was a little too late.

Just as she was about to take the plate away, the female parent suddenly stretched out a hand to tightly grip her wrist.

Then, Mother Juan saw this parent lift her head with a bewitched expression on her face as she stared at Mother Juan and muttered, "The food tasting event... has now started..."

Mother Juan was alarmed. "..." Bloody hell! This parent's brain was broken from all the bad food she'd eaten!

Moreover, this parent was a little too strong! She gripped Mother Juan's wrist tightly and refused to let go!

No wonder this parent was fine after eating so many of the dishes.

Her realm wasn't low to begin with!

Mother Juan already had her own speculation.

But in that moment, she felt at a bit of a loss. Because if this was the case, this food tasting was essentially meaningless. If this parent's realm was very high, she might have been relying purely on the attributes of her own body to resist the side effects in these trial dishes. So these dishes couldn't be given to regular Foundation Establishment students!

Mother Juan abruptly sighed at that moment; it seemed that she still had a long way to go in her food research!

Seeing this female parent stare stubbornly at the tenth dish with the expression of one already too far gone, Mother Juan let out a deep sigh. "Parent, please calm down. The food tasting is already over. Look, the other parents have already left..."

Dazed, Elder Ji Xing looked around as his mind cleared a little.

He looked at the nine empty plates next to him and the nine pairs of chopsticks...

So, there had been several other parents who had participated in the food tasting?

He shook his head and then rubbed his temples. He was really so muddle-headed! He couldn't remember even that!

Learning to disguise yourself was a requirement for ninjas!

As a cultivator returning overseas from Sun Island, Elder Ji Xing felt a little ashamed at the moment.

He had actually made such a low-level mistake while sneaking into enemy territory!

"My apologies..." He let go of Mother Juan's wrist. "I'm a little dazed right now."

But actually, Elder Ji Xing felt a little suspicious in his heart; for some reason, he felt like he had forgotten something!

"It's fine, parent."

Mother Juan looked at this female parent amiably, and only thought of encouraging the other party to leave as soon as possible. "This tenth dish is a giveaway. I'll pack it up for you to take back. The other parents already took some back with them."

"Is that so... alright..." To prevent his identity from being exposed, Elder Ji Xing could only follow Mother Juan's words and agree.

But the truth was that even Mother Juan herself was feeling extremely nervous in that moment; she was worried that this female parent would notice something.

But actually, she was thinking too much.

She had underestimated the amnesia side effect produced by the first nine dishes...

And the reason why she wanted the female parent to take the croquettes with her was actually to stall for time.

Mother Juan felt that given this female parent's outstanding realm, the latter would be able to finish digesting all the dishes she had eaten on her way home.

That way, Mother Juan didn't have to worry about the kind of side effects which could be produced by the crispy chrysalis balls.

Hence, ten minutes later...

At Number 60 High School's main gate on Qingyun Road, Old Li and Mother Juan stood at the gate and saw a confused Elder Ji Xing off with warm expressions.

Mother Juan: "This female parent, take care! Thank you very much for making time in your busy schedule to attend my food tasting event! Feel free to come again!"

Elder Ji Xing: "..."

It could only be said that this had been a very fuzzy and confusing experience for Elder Ji Xing.

He felt that from the moment he had stepped into the school, he had forgotten something. Plus, his original intention had been to scout out the school! Instead, the school's kitchen lady and guard had led him around by the nose before very politely sending him off at the gate... Elder Ji Xing really didn't know what kind of expression he should be wearing at the moment.

In his absent-minded state, it seemed he could now better understand the Lord of Mo Immortal Castle's repeated warnings previously: Don't approach Number 60 High! Don't approach Number 60 High! Don't approach Number 60 High!

After careful consideration, Elder Ji Xing felt that there really was something fishy about this school.

He looked helplessly at the takeaway box in his hand and heaved a deep sigh in his heart.

He never expected these croquettes to actually be the only thing he gained from this trip.





Chapter 659 Elites from Sun Island


It was still July 23rd, the thirteenth Sunday of the semester.

It was also the night before the Demon Hunters Association officially carried out their revenge on Number 60 High School. After Elder Ji Xing cased the school, he returned to the secret base which the Demon Hunters Association had temporarily set up, the takeaway box in his hands. It was located in the mountain forest to the north of Songhai's city center and had been reserved by the organization's contact under the pretense of a company picnic.

After confirming that all the teachers and students would be at school during the first period tomorrow morning, President Bai would drop the Wuji Umbrella's barrier over the entire school. The moment Number 60 High School disappeared off the map would be show time.

Elder Ji Xing paused for a moment at the entrance to the mountain forest, the takeaway box in his hands. He could already sense the auras of the ninja masters whom he had invited over from Sun Island for now.

As for the plan to get revenge on Number 60 High this time, President Bai's order was to level the school.

But this was far from enough; if the teachers and students died just like that, that was too merciful a revenge. That wasn't how the Demon Hunters Association did things.

Thus, for the revenge plan this time, Elder Ji Xing had specially invited his fellow classmates whom he had studied ninjutsu with on Sun Island. Every single one of them was a rare genius who cultivated both ninjutsu and magic.

Collaborating with his fellow classmates for the revenge plan this time, Elder Ji Xing wanted the teachers and students of Number 60 High to not only feel the despair of death, but also the terror of being powerless to struggle just before they died!

He decided to use the most ruthless and inhumane methods to launch a comprehensive revenge attack on Number 60 High's teachers and students, both physically and mentally. He even wondered if he should deliberately leave a few of them alive.

After seeing their classmates and teachers die one by one in front of their eyes, the mental pressure for the survivors would definitely be crushing! After all, there were times when it was more painful to live than to die...

Thinking this, Elder Ji Xing couldn't help curling his lip slightly as all kinds of evil plans filled his head.

As soon as Number 60 High's first period started tomorrow morning, that would be the time for them to do whatever they wanted!

The temporary base HQ in the mountain forest was a rectangular military tent which was roomy enough inside.

Elder Ji Xing followed the mountain forest trail, the takeaway box in his hands; in the distance was the brightly lit tent.

Just as he was about to approach the tent, he turned sideways, and one of his hands shot out to clamp between his fingertips a transparent and poisonous needle that flew at him in the dark.

He didn't even bother to look and simply said calmly, "Come out, Brother Nanco."

There were sounds from the thicket behind him, and a kid wearing a ghillie suit popped out.

This was a slightly crafty-looking shota who was ten years old or so and who had a suspicious expression on his face.

"As expected of Sonico; when did you notice me?" Nanco asked with a furrowed brow.

"I sensed you before I entered the forest. You're getting better at concealing your aura; outsiders definitely wouldn't be able to sense you, but I can," answered Elder Ji Xing.

Although this shota looked like he was ten years old and even sounded like a kid, he was in fact already incredibly skilled. This wasn't a deliberate disguise nor was it a magical transformation. Rather, this was caused by him accidentally eating an extremely poisonous fruit when he was young, which caused his body to atrophy as well as prevent him from growing up, just like a living Mount Heaven Young-Old Woman1.

1(A character in the novel "Demi-Gods and Semi-Devils" who masters a skill that causes her body to stop aging ..) Although he looked like a kid, this Nanco's overall performance had been ranked among the best in class when they were studying on Sun Island. His most commonly-used technique was that transparent and poisonous needle from earlier, called the "smile or move, you die needle."

Anyone hit by this needle would start laughing wildly before falling down as if drunk. Furthermore, this needle was extremely poisonous and could affect even Itinerant Immortals.

"Brother Nanco, I'm very glad to see you."

Gazing at this shota, Elder Ji Xing lifted an eyebrow. "Didn't Brother Mori come with you?"

The Brother Mori he was talking about was actually this shota's partner. The two of them would often sneakily disguise themselves as a father and son pair for all types of infiltration work, and were practically inseparable.

In the past few years of working together on Sun Island, Brother Mori had already been successfully branded as a famous detective who was active all over Sun Island. After assassinating their targets, this "father and son combo" would usually shift the blame to an innocent person using their skills of deduction - this could be said to be a truly flawless scheme.

No one would believe Brother Mori's true identity as a terrifying and ruthless member of the Demon Hunters Association who also cultivated ninjutsu.

"Mori can't come since he has something to deal with," Nanco replied as he walked off in the direction of the tent. "You probably know he has family on Sun Island, right?"

"Of course I know." Elder Ji Xing nodded.

In order to better hide his identity, this Mr Mori had already married and settled down on Sun Island under the guise of a local resident, and had even opened a business office. This already wasn't a secret in the Demon Hunters Association; the members who were sent to Sun Island for further study were all well aware of it.

"Brother Mori's daughter is going to take the college entrance exam, so I'll be participating in the operation this time," Nanco replied.

"His daughter is going to take the college entrance exam..." Elder Ji Xing was blank at this answer. "Is Brother Mori really that knowledgeable?"

The truth was that the reason why Mori had been able to become famous as a detective was all thanks to Nanco; as a living "Mount Heaven Young-Old Woman," Nanco had a very high IQ!

"Of course he doesn't know anything. But he can help his daughter eliminate the wrong answers," Nanco said.

Elder Ji Xing: "..."

...

When he entered the military tent, Elder Ji Xing saw that all the cultivators from the Demon Hunters Association who had gone to Sun Island for further study at that time were almost in position.

"Lord Sonico!"

"Lord Sonico, hello!"

Plenty of people greeted Elder Ji Xing when he entered the tent.

He glanced at the table and saw more than ten bottles of watermelon juice. This actually wasn't strange, since this mountain forest had orchards to begin with.

On his way back from Number 60 High School, his throat had been feeling uncomfortable, so the moment Elder Ji Xing saw the watermelon juice, his eyes instantly lit up.

"Who prepared the juice? How considerate!" he praised, and then took a small sip.

He didn't like drinking juice, but because his throat hurt for some reason, he felt that he needed something to moisten it.





Chapter 660 Perhaps The Most Tragic Villain


After drinking the juice, it felt like the burning in his throat eased a little.

But what puzzled Elder Ji Xing was that this bottle of juice didn't taste sweet, and instead had a very strange flavor. Maybe it wasn't watermelon juice, but made from some other spirit fruit. Smacking his lips, Elder Ji Xing felt that the juice was a little thick. Although it wasn't very refreshing, it did indeed moisten his throat.

"What kind of spirit fruit is this juice made from?"

When he lifted his head to ask, he realized that it was quiet all around him as unexpectedly, no one gave him an answer. He did a headcount in passing and discovered that they seemed to be missing two people. "Didn't Brothers Mingren and Yaren come?"

Silence all around.

Elder Ji Xing: "Someone give me an explanation!"

Both Mingren or Yaren were very strong members.

Mingren had inherited the Nine-Tailed Demon Fox's bloodline... When he was young, his inability to control the rampaging demon fox inside him had led to several disastrous events. But after studying on Sun Island during this period of time, Old Brother Mingren had successfully mastered the skill of suppressing the demon fox's aura through his diligent cultivation! Now, he was able to use his strength at will in combat.

If he attacked Number 60 High with this strength and released the demon fox, it would definitely be a crushing blow to the spirits of the teachers and students!

There was even less to say about Brother Yaren, who had been born with an immortal body like President Bai. The difference was that President Bai had developed his immortal body through cultivation and its foundation could be tempered to become even stronger. Although Brother Yaren had a natural immortal body, resurrection took longer for him; in any case, however, he couldn't die.

Because they still didn't know what the overall combat strength of that mysterious youngster from Number 60 High was like, Elder Ji Xing had summoned Elder Yaren here from Sun Island.

"Reporting to Lord Sonico."

A member called Erzhu replied, "There's a small problem with the demon fox in Brother Mingren's body."

"How can that be?" Elder Ji Xing was alarmed.

"The Nine-Tailed Demon Fox was stifled on Sun Island for too long. When it arrived in Huaxiu nation this time, it demanded that Brother Mingren take it to do a straight perm, and trim its fur while they were at it."

"And... then?"

"It just wanted the hairdresser to trim its fur a bit, but the hairdresser shaved its nine tails bald, so now it's shut itself away."

"..."

"Currently, Brother Mingren's taken it for urgent mental therapy."

"..."

Elder Ji Xing utterly never expected a mishap like this to happen. He hurriedly picked up this red-colored spirit juice and took a gulp of it to calm his shocked nerves.

"Then, what about Brother Yaren?"

For some reason, everyone's complexions seemed to turn unsightly; there was an evasive look in their eyes and their expressions were gloomy, like they had something to say but didn't know whether they should voice it or not. Elder Ji Xing couldn't be any more familiar with this expression: it was the kind of look a doctor wore when they told you that you had a terminal illness!

Had Brother Yaren met with a serious accident?

Elder Ji Xing's heart sank and he didn't dare let his imagination run wild.

He and Yaren had always had a good relationship. Back on Sun Island, when he still hadn't gotten used to the study environment in the beginning, it was Yaren who helped him out time and time again. Not only did Yaren guide him in learning the language, he even lent Elder Ji Xing his homework to copy when the latter hadn't been able to finish it on time. Although copying homework wasn't a good thing to do, it was indeed through this ongoing habit that their friendship deepened!

But among all those present, the person least likely to encounter a situation had unexpectedly run into a problem.

Elder Ji Xing never thought something like this could happen.

Yaren had been born with an immortal body - how could something happen to him so easily?

Elder Ji Xing had been planning to appoint Yaren as deputy commander of this operation, but given this sudden and unforeseen event, he was caught a little off guard.

At that moment, the atmosphere in the tent was stifling and even the air felt like it had frozen.

Almost everyone had their heads lowered, their expressions ashen.

Actually, Elder Ji Xing could understand the current situation — after all, this mishap had suddenly cropped up on the eve of battle, and Elder Yaren was very popular, so this would impact everyone's mood to a certain degree. No one wanted to see anything happen to Elder Yaren. Elder Ji Xing dropped his eyes; they had sent text greetings to each other just a few days ago.

Who would have thought something would actually happen.

Elder Ji Xing took out his powder puff to fix his makeup; this habit helped suppress his nerves and seemed to calm him down.

After a moment, he broke the silence by taking a deep breath and speaking first. "Anyone who knows the actual situation, please tell me: did Elder Yaren meet an accident?"

He turned his gaze to Erzhu; in this situation, he couldn't depend on anyone else to have the courage to open their mouths, but Erzhu was different. This person had experienced a lot and had extremely strong mental fortitude; practically nothing could shake him.

After some careful consideration, Erzhu started to organize his words as he looked at Elder Ji Xing and replied, "Sonico, you should know the ability Teacher Yaren uses the most, right?"

Most used ability?

Elder Ji Xing frowned.

The range of abilities of an immortal body was too broad; he assumed this Brother Erzhu was referring to an ability generated as an extension of an immortal body.

As Elder Yaren's friend of many years, it could be said that Elder Ji Xing knew Elder Yaren's abilities like the back of his hand.

Hence, he promptly thought of a spell Elder Yaren had told him about before which had evolved out of the immortal body's wide range of abilities — the Body Transformation Spell.

After suffering a fatal attack, Elder Yaren could break down his body into thick, slimy lumps which could slowly reassemble together to reconstruct his body, thus making it a type of resurrection spell.

Seeing Elder Ji Xing's thoughtful expression, this Brother Ezhu said quietly, "Elder Yaren has already cultivated his Body Transformation Spell to the highest level, and it's no longer limited to breaking his body down into lumps of flesh."

"Then... did Elder Yaren experience a deviation in his cultivation?"

"No."

Erzhu shook his head. "Beyond simple lumps of flesh, Elder Yaren is now adept at breaking his body down into fine particles. Before you arrived, Elder Yaren wanted to break himself down and then reassemble himself after you showed up."

"So, Yaren is here?"

"Yes."

"Where is he?"

"You're drinking him..."





Chapter 661 Exams Might Be postponed, But Never Canceled!


Body Transformation Spell...

This spell was a profound truth of an immortal body which was capable of reassembling itself together after autonomously breaking down into equal parts. The higher a person's cultivation realm, the more parts their body could split into. Once a person cultivated to the level of the ultimate profound truth, the body could completely transform into a liquid state.

Yaren had planned to give Elder Ji Xing a surprise, but unfortunately, as soon as Elder Ji Xing walked into the tent, he drank some of Yaren's transformed body tissue.

No matter what body part it was, the result was excruciating.

Moreover, because of this missing body tissue, Elder Yaren's recovery time took far, far longer than usual; it wasn't until the next morning that he was completely restored from his fluid state.

But the most tragic person was still Elder Ji Xing.

Elder Ji Xing threw up. He threw up all night until even his makeup cracked from all the puking.

Given the troop's lack of manpower and Elder Ji Xing's utterly wretched state, the revenge plan that had initially been scheduled for Monday July 24th in the fourteenth week of the semester had to be temporarily abandoned and postponed to another day.

This was an attack plan tinged with some sorrow...

But this bumpy road to revenge continued ever on.

...

It was Monday July 24th in the fourteenth week of the semester.

When Wang Ling woke up that morning, his eyelid finally stopped twitching.

It felt like it had been a very, very long time since his eyelid last twitched in warning.

This indicated that something bad centered around him was going to happen soon.

In fact, his eyelid had already started twitching since the early hours of the morning, and it had lasted for a full five hours.

Disaster level, four stars.

This was possibly one of the most severe warnings Wang Ling had received since he was a child...

The last time he had received a five-star warning was when he was ten years old and had been on his way to buy crispy noodle snacks before Er Ha fell from the sky and interrupted him. Even now, this scene from six years ago was still fresh in Wang Ling's memory.

A five-star warning was a city-level disaster.

A four-star warning...

Wang Ling thought it over, and the first thing that came to mind was school.

Number 60 High might be in danger!

It wasn't strange for him to come up this conjecture.

For one thing, that President Bai was still at large. For another, Wang Ling speculated that Zhuo Yi, who had been in the limelight recently and who had served as commander in successive cases, might very likely become the Demon Hunters Association's new target for retaliation when they failed to find Er Ha as well as to take revenge on Xiao Yin.

Given how ruthless this bunch from the Demon Hunters Association was, just taking care of Zhuo Yi seemed too petty a deal... But, if they could carry out a revenge attack on this Director Zhuo's alma mater, that was sure to be even more traumatic for him.

So when Wang Ling's eyelid twitched in warning this time, he almost immediately thought of Number 60 High and Zhuo Yi.

Whether it was the school or this disciple of his, Wang Ling felt he had to protect them himself.

What kind of joke was this... Number 60 High's first semester final exams were just around the corner, and something just had to go wrong at this critical moment - at Number 60, the exams might be postponed, but they were never canceled!

The fact was that Wang Ling had already started preparing for the final exams; if they were postponed, the teachers of Number 60 High would most likely change the exam questions, given their "awesome" personalities, and when the time came, his revision would have been for nothing! Wang Ling had spent a lot of time focused on analyzing exam questions these days! Absolutely no one was allowed to ruin the sacred final exams!

Wang Ling was exceptionally resolute on this point.

Considering the possibility that Zhuo Yi might be in danger, Wang Ling's thoughts moved.

Next to the bed, Jingke turned into a brown stream of light with a "xiu" sound and disappeared...

To be on the safe side, Wang Ling thought it was still better for Jingke to go and guard Zhuo Yi.

After all, this enemy was more cunning than most, and a pair of long johns might already no longer be adequate protection.

...

When he left the staff apartment that morning, Zhuo Yi realized he was being followed.

He and Deputy Director Zhong Lang were sitting in the same car, and both of them were well aware of the unusual situation behind them. Gripping the steering wheel, the driver deliberately made several detours on Zhuo Yi's instruction, but the gray van behind them still remained steadily close on their tail.

"Lord Director, Lord Deputy Director... what should we do now?" the driver asked helplessly.

Zhuo Yi frowned. "We took so many detours completely different to our usual route. They should have realized by now that we've noticed them, so there's no sense in playing hide and seek like this."

Zhuo Yi calmly analyzed the situation. It was clear that the people behind them had come prepared. The other party knew their usual route to work very well, and very likely had a fair amount of information on them.

Moreover, it just so happened that Zhuo Yi's car was being serviced today, which was why he was following Zhong Lang's car to the General Administration of 100 Schools.

Just thinking about this was already enough to make Zhuo Yi's back break out in cold sweat.

Because this meant that the other party had probably already been watching him for a long time...

As expected, was he the target?

Zhuo Yi sighed.

"Brother Zhuo, what should we do now?" Zhong Lang asked.

Zhuo Yi took out a pair of long johns out from the storage space built into his pocket. "Put this on and get out of the car with me."

Zhong Lang was startled. "..."

What was this? It was summer, why wear this...

"There's no time to explain, this thing can save your life," Zhuo Yi said calmly before he looked at the driver in front. "Mr Driver, after you take us to as empty a place as possible, please go back first. We are their targets; as long as we leave, you'll be safe."

"Then what about you, Director Zhuo?" The driver was shaken. In fact, he wasn't weak. "If we work together, maybe..."

"It won't work. If they know our route inside out, they must also know what our strength is like. Coming to pick a quarrel with us so openly shows that they're quite confident in their power."

Saying this, Zhuo Yi grinned. "Rest assured, I have a way."

For Zhuo Yi, his first priority now was to protect people and property. As long as the driver drove the car to an open area, they could minimize the damage as much as possible.

Secondly, Zhong Lang's and this driver's safety were equally important. As a leader, Zhuo Yi felt that he had to take responsibility for them!

As for his own safety, Zhuo Yi had to consider that, too.

So after giving Zhong Lang and the driver their instructions, Zhuo Yi immediately took out his cell phone and sent a text message to his shifu Wang Ling.

The content of the message: (:з」∠) Shifu, help!

It could be only said that Zhuo Yi was worthy of his reputation as the youngest director of the General Administration of 100 Schools in the history of Huaxiu nation... He executed this series of commands and actions without the least bit of sloppiness.





Chapter 662 Long Johns


Texting for help was the only thing Zhuo Yi could think of at that moment.

Since the other side was bent on their vendetta and tailing them, this proved that these people weren't weak. There was never any room for discussion with this type of utterly ruthless people.

The truth was that since assuming the position of Director of the General Administration of 100 Schools, Zhuo Yi had always been on guard against something like this. General Yi and Secretary Dakang had looked for him previously and wanted to dispatch experts as bodyguards to protect him, but Zhuo Yi had tactfully declined. These experts would be chess pieces of the higher-ups who might investigate him; if they found his shifu Wang Ling, everything would be over.

Zhuo Yi knew his shifu was a person who liked to stay low-key, so he had declined expert protection from the start. General Yi and Secretary Dakang had initially been strongly against his decision. In the end, Zhuo Yi had no choice but to look for help from Wang Ling. And what could Wang Ling do? Naturally, he looked for Father Wang... In the end, Father Wang just sent a message, and instantly there was no longer any sound from the higher-ups.

As for his own safety, Zhuo Yi actually felt that there was absolutely nothing to be worried about... Because in this type of situation, he could send out messages for help!

In fact, he already had several messages like this stored inside his phone.

He even took into account the possibility that the pursuers might carry a signal blocker on them to block calls for help. Zhuo Yi had even prepared a small signal transmitter; this was a separate base station which he had set up at the staff apartment and which could be remotely controlled by the signal transmitter to send a distress signal.

But since he could send the text as usual now, there was actually no need to use this back-up.

The driver stopped the car in an empty place: it was a desolate, suburban park which had yet to be developed.

Zhuo Yi and Zhong Lang had barely gotten out of the car when they felt dense killing intent coming from the van...

Sure enough, the people inside didn't have friendly intentions!

The door of the van opened and a gloomy-looking cultivator emerged in front of Zhuo Yi and Zhong Lang. The cultivator was dressed differently from a regular cultivator, and looked a bit like the inhabitants of Sun Island.

Zhuo Yi deduced that this was a cultivator who had probably come back after learning ninjutsu on Sun Island. It was the trend now to train in both ninjutsu and cultivation techniques, and there were more and more ninjutsu techniques that had switched to spirit energy as the foundation for their use.

Zhuo Yi didn't think it was strange at all that there were cultivators in the Demon Hunters Association who trained in two fields since the General Administration already had a lot of evidence on the Demon Hunters Association colluding with foreign dark forces.

They had been tracking down the rest of the Demon Hunters Association's executive management previously. Looking now at this man who had appeared in front of them, Zhuo Yi instantly understood: a considerable number of the senior members of the Demon Hunters Association had probably been sent abroad to study, hence why there had never been any information on them at home.

And it was this group of senior members that was the true core of the entire Demon Hunters Association.

As for the executive management in Huaxiu, including Elder Zuo Wu, President Bai might have never used them as the real backbone of power from the very beginning.

"Finally ready to come out..."

The gloomy young man stared at them. "I am here on orders from Elder Ji Xing of the Demon Hunters Association: please come with us."

"You studied abroad, right? It can't be just you from the Demon Hunters Association; did that Elder Ji Xing also return from studying abroad?" Zhuo Yi asked.

"Small talk? There's no harm in telling you; in any case, the both of you will be dead men by tomorrow."

The gloomy young man smiled. "This time, Elder Ji Xing called for us to gather here from abroad. Today was supposed to be the day you die, but because of a slight problem in the organization, our official operation will be carried out tomorrow."

Official operation?

Zhuo Yi frowned.

From the young man's tone, the other side didn't intend to kill him yet; they wanted to catch him first before killing him tomorrow. Coupled with the frenetic movements of foreign dark forces in the last few years, Zhuo Yi felt like he had some idea of what the other side's objective was - it was very likely that this Demon Hunters Association wanted to seize him and Zhong Lang first and then find a suitable place tomorrow for a public execution.

As for the location, Zhuo Yi also had his own conjecture.

It would either be the General Administration of 100 Schools or Number 60 High School...

Truly a terrible bunch of ruffians!

Zhuo Yi's heart was a little uneasy. This was just a Demon Hunters Association, a small organization under the foreign dark power Night Chief, yet it actually possessed so much strength and so many expert fighters trained in dual arts. Given this was the case, how terrifying was the genuine Night Chief?

This gloomy young man alone who stood in front of them already surpassed the Soul Formation stage, and Zhuo Yi felt far more pressure than when he was in front of Lord Thunder! Roughly five Lord Thunders?

Even as Zhuo Yi thought this, the one thing he could be sure was that this man's cultivation had yet to reach Itinerant Immortal level.

Cheng Yu, the Master of Immortal Mansion, was at the peak late Itinerant Immortal level, which was also known as Half-Step True Immortal level. Compared with the Master of Immortal Mansion, this young man's strength fell far short. Moreover, the Master of Immortal Mansion also had an intrinsic spirit field, which could boost his combat strength to a level comparable with a True Immortal.

"What is Director Zhuo thinking about? How to handle your remains tomorrow?" This soldier with dual training from the Demon Hunters Association didn't make a move, and just bantered like this from beginning to end.

When all was said and done, Zhuo Yi and Zhong Lang were only at the Golden Core stage, and this Demon Hunters Association soldier thought nothing of their strength at all.

Zhuo Yi gazed at the young man and gave him a kind warning. "If you leave now, you might still live... if you try to leave later, you really won't be able to."

The Demon Hunters Association soldier: "???"

Zhuo Yi: "Given your weak chicken strength, even if I arrest you and put you in Songhai First Prison, there's no way you'll be locked up in the special cell with the bigwigs. You're just not good enough."

The gloomy Demon Hunters Association soldier looked at Zhuo Yi coldly and grit his teeth. "You want to die?"

He released his aura all at once along with his ire, and it was almost like an invisible roar.

Tremendous spiritual pressure crashed down, and both Zhuo Yi and Zhong Lang felt their bodies sink until half their legs were already stuck in the ground.

"So nervous..." Zhong Lang frowned. "Brother Zhuo, are these long johns really useful? Why do I feel that the pressure from the other side is so heavy? It's like I can't breathe!"

"It's not that bad."

Zhuo Yi raised an eyebrow and reached out to grip Zhong Lang's collar for a look.

Zhuo Yi: "You're wearing it inside out..."

Zhong Lang: "..."





Chapter 663 My Ultimate Move Is Just Two Words!


The Demon Hunters soldier didn't think that these two foolish Golden Core cultivators would actually look down on him. He could clearly crush them to death with just the slightest force, yet they actually dared provoke him to his face?

"Elder Yin Zhiping, Elder Ji Xing's order is to take them back..."

"Don't worry, I know. I won't kill them." The gloomy young man narrowed his eyes at Zhuo Yi. "But I still have to teach them a lesson first. Since Elder Ji Xing wants them alive, I'll just beat them half to death first."

The Demon Hunters soldier called Yin Zhiping waved his hand and called lightly, "Little Rongnu!"

A zigzag bayonet flew toward him in a stream of black light and settled in his hand.

When the driver of the van saw this, he thought that this was bad.

Because this was none other than Elder Yin Zhiping's life bonded magic treasure. This zigzag bayonet had taken countless lives. Because of its special design, once it pierced the body, it would directly damage the meridians and instantly paralyze the nerves!

What was even more frightening was that the injuries caused by the bayonet would bleed continuously for a short period of time and wouldn't stop!

"Go!"

The Demon Hunters soldier called "Elder Yin" just lifted his hand and this black zigzag bayonet instantly darted out like a dragon in the water. "To temper this bayonet, I slaughtered eighty-eight Western dragon-type devil beasts called Rong Dragons for their brains. The bayonet is covered in deadly poison; given your realms, if you force yourselves to bear it, perhaps you might last ten minutes?"

Elder Yin sneered cruelly. "But you should be glad; since it's an order from Elder Ji Xing, I won't let you die so easily..." He had this poison on the bayonet under control; when these two were publicly executed tomorrow, they would suffer acute, unbearable pain from the poison. It would be an experience worse than death.

The confident party frequently took sadistic pleasure in this type of "strong bullying the weak" showdown. Elder Yin had spent a lot in order to temper this "Little Rongnu" back then as well as to make it his life bonded magic treasure.

Elder Yin felt that he was giving these two foolish Golden Core cultivators the highest honor by letting them experience the pain of death under his life bonded magic treasure.

It had to be said that Little Rongnu's lunge forward was incredibly fast, and Zhuo Yi knew that he wouldn't be able to ward it off at all with his current realm.

So the moment he saw Elder Yin take out this bayonet, he immediately had Zhong Lang, dressed in the long johns, cover him as a meat shield!

Zhong Lang: "Brother Zhuo???"

Little Rongnu's power was truly formidable. The moment it came lunging over, it kicked up a mighty wind like the roar of a dragon.

It could only be said Little Rongnu was worthy of its name.

"In the end they're just Golden Core cultivators, so naive." The moment Zhuo Yi put Zhong Lang in front of him as a meat shield, Elder Yin sneered endlessly in his heart. How could the body of a mere Golden Core cultivator be a match for Little Rongnu's attack?

Impale them!

Elder Yin Zhiping sneered.

Little Rongnu drew close in the next instant, but just when its tip was less than half an inch away from Zhong Lang's body, the latter emitted a powerful golden light.

The strength of the enchanted long johns exploded once again at that moment!

As expected, shifu's long johns were still so powerful...

While Zhuo Yi exclaimed inwardly, he felt a little nervous at the same time.

Although he had already sent the text message, he didn't know whether shifu had seen it or not... If shifu didn't see it, Zhuo Yi was still going to die!

"Meat shield" Zhong Lang was even more shocked; he completely never expected that the long johns which he had put on inside out in a fit of desperation could actually exhibit such strong defense.

What on earth was the origin of these long johns?

Zhong Lang was also lost in thought at that moment.

In the outside world, there was always gossip and rumors about Zhuo Yi, and many people speculated that there was an Almighty directing the scenes from behind Zhuo Yi who was no weaker than the Ten Founding Generals; who that Almighty was, however, had always been a mystery.

Was this Almighty the big shot who had made these long johns?

While Zhong Lang was contemplating this, a disbelieving Elder Yin Zhiping launched a second attack.

The result was still the same as the long johns glowed with a golden light which blocked Little Rongnu's attack.

Elder Yin Zhiping was hugely astonished. Two mere Golden Core cultivators actually had such powerful robes?

At that very moment, Zhuo Yi's heart was already on the verge of crumbling.

They were just barely able to stall the enemy for a while now with the long johns, but it was clear that this wasn't a long-term solution; in the end, it was just an enchanted pair of long johns!

But just as Zhuo Yi was agonizing over this...

The next moment, he suddenly saw a brown spirit light on the horizon flying swiftly in his direction.

That was...

Zhuo Yi's eyes instantly opened wide.

...

On the other side, Elder Yin's expression was very unsightly.

"Where the hell did you get that Daoist robe you're wearing?" Elder Yin frowned deeply, aggravated by his two failed consecutive strikes.

He gazed at Zhuo Yi with a shrewd expression. "It may be strong, but it seems there's only one pair."

Elder Yin had read the situation astutely, and in the next moment, he adjusted his attack and aimed Little Rongnu at Zhuo Yi with the intent to attack him first. "I'll deal with you first..."

But to Elder Yin's surprise, this Director Zhuo directly pushed aside the "meat shield" in front of him and walked over to Elder Yin step by step, as if he had suddenly taken the wrong medicine.

Something was wrong!

This vigor wasn't right!

It shouldn't be like this!

Elder Yin had the vague sense that something was wrong... Was this some sort of ploy?!

Almost involuntarily, he took a slight step back, his heart full of doubts. This Golden Core cultivator had clearly still been hiding behind someone else a few seconds ago; how did he suddenly change into a different person?

"Do you still have some life-saving magic treasure on you that you haven't used?"

Elder Yin now eyed Zhuo Yi with extreme wariness.

"I used it already; roughly five to six minutes ago, I sent a text message which cost me ten cents." Zhuo Yi looked at him and smiled.

"Calling for help?" Elder Yin's face darkened in an instant.

In theory, help shouldn't be able to arrive so quickly...

But it was at that moment when Zhuo Yi suddenly stretched out his hand to the sky and gave a long cry. "— Come, sword!"

Then, Elder Yin saw a brown spirit beam fall from the sky...

But instead of turning into a spirit sword in Zhuo Yi's hand, it turned into a membrane of light which settled over his body.

"Where is your sword?"

"Ah... It's inside me!" These were Zhuo Yi's last words before Jingke possessed him.





Chapter 664 The Death of Elder Yin


The brown spirit light settled on Zhuo Yi's body, and even his pupils were rendered brown. In almost a split second, his aura was different, and every subtle breath he took carried a strong sense of oppression.

Elder Yin Zhiping couldn't help breaking out in a cold sweat. That brown spirit light just now had truly been too fast, and even with his dynamic vision, he had only been able to see an indistinct trail... While he wasn't completely certain, it looked as if a sword had turned into a light which then attached itself to this Director Zhuo's body.

Union between man and sword...

A sword spirit directly attaching itself to a body; Elder Yin Zhiping had to admit that he had never seen this type of operation before in his lifetime of cultivation.

Also, he thought that it was extremely unscientific, because generally speaking, union between man and sword could only be achieved when the rapport between a spirit sword and its master reached a certain peak; only then could this fusion happen. The problem with the current situation, however, was that it was very obvious that the spirit sword which had just flown over clearly didn't belong to Director Zhuo.

But even then, they were actually able to combine together.

What on earth was the origin of this sword?

Elder Yin Zhiping unconsciously stepped back as he felt the situation had completely turned around. The driver of the van had also already realized that things had taken a turn for the worse, but when he wanted to reverse the van, he discovered that all the four tires were flat!

When had that happened?

They hadn't noticed at all.

After coming back to their senses, they recalled that when that sword light had possessed Zhuo Yi just now, their minds had blanked out from psychological terror... They had actually been so frightened that they snapped!

Elder Yin clenched his teeth and frowned.

At the moment, he had no choice but to fight.

Moreover, he still felt that he had a chance of winning.

Although this Director Zhuo was currently one with the sword, this union between man and sword couldn't fundamentally change the strength of his body. As long as Elder Yin's Little Rongnu pierced his skin even a little, a powerful poison would spread throughout Director Zhuo's body - even the attached sword spirit would be helpless against it, wouldn't it?

It had to be said that while Elder Yin's thoughts were certainly reasonable, when all was said and done, he was unfortunately still too naive.

He had no idea what kind of challenger the sword spirit standing in front of him was.

In many cases, you couldn't use common sense to reason things out.

"No matter who you are, you can't stop our Demon Hunters Association's master plan." Elder Yin Zhiping's face darkened and he chose to strike first. He had Little Rongnu, who was in his hand, turn into a stream of light which swiftly and suddenly lunged at Zhuo Yi's chest!

But before the light could get close, Elder Yin Zhiping saw Director Zhuo, who was possessed by the sword spirit, coolly stop Little Rongnu with one forefinger.

The first thing Jingke felt at Little Rongnu's strike was: so weak...

It was so weak that Jingke couldn't find words to describe it.

It was a far cry from what he had felt when he had been inside Lord Thunder and fought Evil Sword God, whose attack had felt a little itchy at least. It could be said that this particular attack, however, was utterly harmless... It could even be said to be no damn use!

Even an egg smashed on a rock could in any case be set off as a little egg flower!

"Impossible..." Elder Yin Zhiping screeched in his heart.

There was no way that a Golden Core cultivator's physical strength could withstand this level of assault.

Of course, there was another explanation for it, and that was Little Rongnu's attack hadn't been blocked by the body, but by the protective sword qi on Director Zhuo!

So that was it...

After discovering this secret, Elder Yin Zhiping smiled sinisterly in his heart.

On the other hand, in Zhuo Yi's body, Jingke's face was expressionless from beginning to end.

Elder Yin felt it couldn't be helped that this little sword spirit was still too young and had utterly no idea how highly poisonous his Little Rongnu was.

"This sword spirit brother, if you think you can rely on just sword qi to defend against my Little Rongnu's poison, you're too naive. To make this poisonous, deadly weapon back then, I slaughtered eighty-eight female Rong Dragons and tempered this weapon in the toxin from their blood essence."

Elder Yin Zhiping sneered; he was widely known for the dark poison arts which he cultivated.

Even to make this Little Rongnu into his life bonded magic treasure back then, he constantly modified his body.

Elder Yin Zhiping initially hadn't planned to use this move, but in the face of this protective sword qi and its impenetrable defense, he had no choice but to use this secret technique.

He took off the upper half of his clothes and bared his arms.

Inside Zhuo Yi's body, Jingke saw that Elder Yin's arms were actually covered in a black pattern of lines like a zebra.

Then, Jingke saw Elder Yin Zhiping chant something under his breath, and these lines immediately started to spin before this spiral energy gathered in Elder Yin's hands.

At that moment, Elder Yin's hands turned completely black with an accumulation of deadly poison!

This deadly poison even affected the air, suffusing it with dense poison.

To use this move, Elder Yin had to hold his breath altogether; even the turtle-breathing skill wouldn't work. To make sure that his reasoning during battle wasn't affected, he had even shrewdly contained the poison in both his arms so that it wouldn't flow into the other organs of his body and cause irreversible damage.

So theoretically, Elder Yin was a semi-toxic person.

At that point, Elder Yin grit his teeth, grasped Little Rongnu's hilt, and then transferred the poisonous mass in his hands to Little Rongnu. This bayonet, which was already black to begin with, was further covered in a black poisonous miasma which made it look even more terrifying.

Jingke could sense it slightly.

Mm, if a sword spirit wasn't strong enough, this poisonous miasma could indeed pervade its sword qi.

However...

Jingke put one hand to his forehead as he felt it ache. He thought this Elder Yin was going to pull out some dazzling move; who would have thought it would be so useless.

Get rid, of this, scum first...

Jingke raised his hand, prepared to make a move.

The poison on Little Rongnu now amplified, Elder Yin sneered. "Not even ghosts or the gods can withstand Little Rongnu's poison! I refuse to believe I can't poison you!"

Who knew if it was a habit of his, but before he made his move, Elder Yin licked Little Rongnu's blade.

Jingke: "..."

A few seconds later, Elder Yin's complexion straightaway turned deathly white as he foamed at the mouth and fell down dead.

Jingke: "..."





Chapter 665 All For One!


The news of Elder Yin's death reached Elder Ji Xing in the military tent very quickly. Everyone in the Demon Hunters Association had a soul mark which would instantly disappear when a person was confirmed dead.

Elder Ji Xing was no exception.

When Elder Zuo Wu died previously, President Bai had directly turned to leave even without confirming Elder Zuo Wu's death precisely because he had clearly sensed the disappearance of the soul mark. But it wasn't as if it was permanent. This soul mark was a once-off; neither President Bai nor Elder Ji Xing could have expected Elder Zuo Wu to later come back to life on the spot.

Not only could the Soul Suppression Ring reconstruct the body, it could even perfectly restore the soul, which meant remaking the state of Elder Zuo Wu's soul. Therefore, when Elder Zuo Wu was resurrected, the soul mark in his body also disappeared.

After a night of rest, Elder Ji Xing's queasy situation had subsided a little, but the instant he saw Elder Yin's soul mark disappear, he suddenly felt unwell again.

"How did this happen?" Elder Ji Xing grit his teeth.

Who would have thought Elder Yin would actually die just like that. In order to capture Zhuo Yi before their operation, the Demon Hunters Association had already clearly determined this Director Zhuo's route to work a long time ago to ensure that they could attack when the other party's defense was at its weakest. Moreover, Elder Yin was a decisive person who usually did everything flawlessly. Coupled with Little Rongnu's quick and violent attacks, taking care of two Golden Core cultivators should have only required a flick of his finger.

Yet, Elder Yin still died...

The operation to capture Director Zhuo this time had only been a temporary measure they came up with after their plan was delayed; because of Elder Ji Xing's misfortune last night, the plan had been delayed by a day.

So Elder Ji Xing added a new element to his vicious "revenge plan"— he had decided to capture all those people who had offended the Demon Hunters Association and take them to Number 60 High School. When the revenge plan was launched tomorrow, these people would be publicly executed!

Unfortunately, they had started on the wrong foot: Elder Yin, who had been the first to be dispatched, had inexplicably been the first to die...

"Sonico, what should we do now..." the person called Erzhu asked on the side.

"Send someone to retrieve Elder Yin's body; I want Yaren to do this." At the mention of this name, Elder Ji Xing's stomach started to hurt again, and he did his best to calm down before he looked at Erzhu. "How is Elder Poisonous Dragon?"

"It's proceeding smoothly, he found that Great Death-Courting Senior's place without a hitch. This person is just a Soul Formation cultivator, I believe that Elder Poisonous Dragon will deal with him very quickly."

"Mm."

Elder Ji Xing nodded.

Elder Poisonous Dragon was someone whom they had specially chosen as the best person to handle Lord Thunder and Xiao Yin.

On Sun Island, Elder Poisonous Dragon was famous for his technique "Lightning Poisonous Dragon Drill 1 ." While studying on Sun Island, he developed various other powerful derivative skills based on this technique, such as "Mount Lu Rising Dragon Drill 2 " and "Pegasus Meteor Ora Ora 3Drill"...

1(A unique kungfu skill from the Chinese movie "Dragon Tiger Gate.")

2(A technique derived from "Mount Lu Rising Dragon" from "Saint Seiya.")

3(A battle cry or taunt in Japanese.) The reason why Elder Poisonous Dragon had been sent was because they had accounted for the silver-haired young man at Great Death-Courting Senior's side in the villa. According to the intelligence provided by Mo Immortal Castle, that silver-haired young man also had a strong self-healing ability, so Elder Poisonous Dragon was the most suitable person to send.

Elder Poisonous Dragon's Poisonous Dragon Drill series of boxing combos had the major damage effect which could perfectly prevent recovery!

All the people in the Demon Hunters Association military tent were extremely confident in this regard.

...

It was still Monday July 24th in the fourteenth week of the semester.

When Elder Yin died, Xiao Yin and Thunder were meanwhile enjoying a breakfast of broccoli salad.

Writing novels was a much more difficult path than Xiao Yin had imagined. Therefore, he didn't stop reading online novels even at breakfast. Chewing on broccoli, he read the book Release That Wet Nurse by Father Wang.

Xiao Yin had looked up a lot of writing guides on the Internet, and then realized that they were basically meaningless. The most important operation was still practice! There were no shortcuts to writing; it had always been that experience was the best teacher, and there were very few people who could be considered writing prodigies.

It was just like prodigies in cultivation; in this world, how many people could there be who were as monstrous as Master?

People should thus still have both real ability and learning. Relying on plagiarism definitely wouldn't work. For example, a live streamer called Dean appeared on some live streaming platform a while ago. He live streamed himself singing but had filched the raw voices from other videos4; even the songs he uploaded were a copy and paste from the uploads of other singers, yet he vehemently claimed they were his own... If you didn't want people to know what you did, don't do it. If you had nothing of substance, there was only so long that you could stick a green onion in your nose and pretend to be an elephant.

4("Shadow Entertainment - Dean" was a live stream lip-sync singer who plagiarized other songs, including one written by Kuxuan, the author of this novel.) Who knew how this lonely Dean was doing now; Xiao Yin decided to do an online search after breakfast to see whether this live streamer had become defunct or not.

As he ate breakfast, Xiao Yin also began to rethink his subject matter.

While Xiao Yin thought that the opening chapter he had written yesterday had the flavor of a superior work, it somehow felt very predictable, so he simply deleted and abandoned it.

As the saying went, you couldn't build the new without destroying the old.

"What are you thinking about?" Lord Thunder was a little amused when he saw Xiao Yin thinking hard.

"My previous subject matter won't do. I'm thinking of something new," Xiao Yin replied earnestly. "I say, how about I write a novel about a collar?"

Lord Thunder: "???"

Xiao Yin: "For example, the protagonist has an ancestral collar with a chain attached to it. The collar duplicates the abilities of whoever pulls on this chain! Then, whoever wears the collar will get all the abilities stored in the collar. The collar can in turn be entrusted to someone else... This is the legendary All For One 5 !"

5(From the "My Hero Academia" series; in a universe where people are born with abilities or 'quirks,' the villain has an "All For One" quirk which allows him to steal people's quirks and make them his own.) Lord Thunder: "..."

Xiao Yin: "How's that? Say something, Thunder... I can change it again if it doesn't work! If you think a collar's not good, I can use a toilet seat instead!"

Lord Thunder: "..."

Xiao Yin: "I've even got the name of the protagonist. It's called Silver Portion Out Long! 'Portion' from the word 'butt 6 .'"

6('Gǔ' 股 "share" in 'Pìgu' 屁股 "butt" ..) Lord Thunder's lips twitched. "Silver... Silver Portion Out Long?"

"Silver is my last name... so the name also has a very deep meaning! As for 'Portion Out Long,' the protagonist once sat on the toilet for a long time because of constipation and couldn't push it out. As a result, he accidentally squatted on the toilet for too long, making him the person who used the toilet the longest in the world! Since then, the protagonist Silver Portion Out Long accidentally gained the ability to replicate the abilities of people who happened to squat on the toilet at the same time!"

Lord Thunder: "..."





Chapter 666 Elder Poisonous Dragon


Xiao Yin thought that this setting was genius! Furthermore, he could write this toilet seat not only as All For One, but as One For All 1 also! He could set up the protagonist's toilet seat as a family heirloom, and every generation, the successor to the toilet seat would have a Heavenly Dao. As the three thousandth successor, the protagonist would directly grasp three thousand Heavenly Dao! It would be utterly heaven-defying!

1(The "One For All" quirk in "My Hero Academia" allows the wielder to access the powers of the previous quirk wielders ..) "Oh, no! Thunder, all my ideas are pouring out now! I'm going to go write after I finish eating!" Xiao Yin stood up and swallowed the broccoli in his mouth, traces of salad dressing still at the corners of his lips.

"..."

Lord Thunder silently took out a tissue and helped wiped Xiao Yin's mouth clean.

The urge to write was like this sometimes. Most of the time, newcomers who just entered the circle would in fact be struck with this urge, and this was often how superior masterpieces came about. Anything written without this burst of inspiration or passion wouldn't be good.

Although Lord Thunder had never written a complete work himself, he firmly believed in this.

"Ah! Not good! I can't take it anymore!"

Xiao Yin really couldn't take it anymore. Before he finished the broccoli in his salad basin, he already couldn't help standing up and getting in position, as if he was going to jump right up to the second floor. Seeing this, Lord Thunder hurriedly threw himself forward to press down on Xiao Yin's shoulders with a death grip, looking a little like he had just narrowly escaped some horror. "Take the stairs!"

There had already been several instances when Xiao Yin had smashed open holes in the villa to go up and down more quickly.

Xiao Yin: "..."

...

Not long after Xiao Yin went upstairs, Lord Thunder turned around to clear the table. Because Xiao Yin had an especially enormous appetite, the broccoli salad had been tossed together in a basin. Watching a person eat a lot always whet the appetite, so Lord Thunder's own appetite had inadvertently increased lately.

It was a good thing broccoli was a vegetable; you wouldn't get fat from eating a lot of it. Besides, the most important thing was that Lord Thunder had realized that he and Xiao Yin had the kind of physique where they wouldn't get fat from eating!

Cleaning the dishes wasn't particularly troublesome; the main thing was your mood. There were times when Lord Thunder was even happy to wash them by hand instead of directly using some cleaning talisman or other. For a modern cultivator, a single cleaning talisman could handle any type of cleaning, so washing clothes or dishes by hand had conversely become a type of indulgence.

But he had some important tasks to deal with today, so Lord Thunder in the end still chose to use a cleaning talisman to clean the dishes.

This type of talisman wasn't expensive and was cheaper to buy in bulk than a year's worth of detergent. This was because the pattern on the talisman was relatively simple, and it was one of the few talismans on the market currently that could be directly machine-manufactured; attack or defense talismans in fact needed to be handwritten.

"I wonder how Brother Toya is doing with the matter of that girl in gray."

Done with the dishes, Lord Thunder recalled the girl in gray, whom they were trying to rouse on Chrysanthemum Island. Cailian Zhenren had also gone over. As for the girl's identity, Lord Thunder was currently trying to figure it out.

Their only lead was the gray traditional garment she wore, which had a simple pattern on it. To discover the girl's real identity, he could only start with this garment and investigate its exact age and origin before he could determine who on earth the girl was.

But this wasn't an easy thing to do. Last night, he had used his side account to post some images of the pattern on this traditional garment on the cultivation forum as he looked for help.

He didn't include photos of the girl; even pictures of the garment weren't taken clearly or as a full view. Lord Thunder just wanted to try asking around in the forum; who knew, some big shot passing by might recognize it.

He estimated that he should have gotten plenty of responses in the forum by this time, and was just about to have a look when Zhuo Yi suddenly gave him a call.

Lord Thunder answered the phone right away. "Brother Zhuo? What's up?"

"I was attacked on my way to work. It was the Demon Hunters Association!" said Zhuo Yi.

"What's the situation?" Lord Thunder took a deep breath, utterly calm.

Although Zhuo Yi said he had been attacked, the fact that he was able to make this call now indicated that the attacker had probably already been dealt with.

"Fortunately, shifu sent Lord Jingke in time, otherwise the consequences would have been unimaginable." Zhuo Yi sighed and told Lord Thunder what he knew for now. "They've gathered together a group of returnee cultivators who studied ninjutsu on Sun Island, and plan to launch a revenge attack on Number 60 High tomorrow..."

"Then why were they after you?"

"I'm also the scapegoat... ah, no, the commander in charge of the Demon Hunters Association affair! Of course they want to get even with me!"

"..."

"Besides, I'm a senior of Number 60 High. The attacker's objective was to capture me alive, and then take me to Number 60 High tomorrow to be publicly executed," said Zhuo Yi.

"..."

Hearing this, Lord Thunder sweated profusely.

This gang was too vicious, actually just doing whatever they wanted!

Zhuo Yi: "I called to warn you to be careful today, Senior Immortal. Since that elder was able to find me, you might also be included in his revenge plan..."

"Okay, thank you, Brother Zhuo! I'll be careful!" Lord Thunder nodded and hung up.

Just as he put down the phone, he suddenly felt cold killing intent rush straight for his back behind him.

Lord Thunder: "..."

Wasn't this too fast?!

He turned around, and sure enough, he saw a man standing in the courtyard on the first floor. The man's features and his ears were very sharp, and he had a slim figure. His eyes were at half-mast and revealed extremely cold killing intent. The scariest thing was how the corners of the other party's mouth were stretched back until they practically almost reached his ears.

Elder Poisonous Dragon gave a horrible smile. "Excuse me, your Excellency, are you Great Death-Courting Senior?"

Lord Thunder: "Who are you?"

Elder Poisonous Dragon didn't say anything. The next moment, he held out his right hand, which abruptly extended forward like a screw! In flashes of strange purple lightning, it passed through the garden and drilled open a big hole in Lord Thunder's chest!

When Elder Poisonous Dragon withdrew his hand, he still had that weird smile on his face and his hand was covered in dark red blood.

He licked the blood on his hand and looked at "Great Death-Courting Senior" and the big hole he had made in front of him. He sneered cruelly. "It's said that villains who talk too much die... I'm different. Once I've confirmed your identity, I'll act right away without hesitation! Remember my name, it's Poisonous Dragon."

He then directly stepped into the house from the garden and fixed his gaze on the second floor.

There was still one more person there whom he needed to take care of...

But just as he was about to move, a hand suddenly fell on Elder Poisonous Dragon's shoulder.

This hand belonged to none other than Lord Thunder!

Elder Poisonous Dragon was thunderstruck. "You..."

Lord Thunder grinned. "Sorry, seeing you talk to yourself for so long just now, I didn't want to interrupt, so I played dead for a bit on the ground. So it turns out your name is Poisonous Dragon!"

"Impossible! How can you still be alive?!"

Elder Poisonous Dragon felt it was inconceivable as he exclaimed loudly, "I clearly pierced and broke you open directly from the front!"

Lord Thunder was also alarmed. "Bloody hell... It's broad daylight, keep your voice down! I'm an upstanding young man from a good family, I'm still pure!"





Chapter 667 The Person You Want to Kill Is Great Death-Courting Senior


Was it a hallucination just now?

At that moment, Elder Poisonous Dragon was complete gobsmacked... He licked the blood on his hand; it was still thick and warm. His attack just now had indeed run this "Great Death-Courting Senior" through the heart; there was no mistake! And he had indeed left a big hole in his chest, as if the other party had been hit by a big cannon!

But in the blink of an eye, why was the other side actually getting up like nothing had happened?

"How did you do that?" Incredulity was written all over Elder Poisonous Dragon's face; he knew without a doubt that his move just now had indeed hit the target, and it had been a critical hit.

The second form of this "Lightning Poisonous Dragon Drill" technique cut directly into the chest to destroy the heart at lightning speed. The moment that purple lightning invaded the body, it produced an extremely strong major damage effect. No matter how powerful a person's healing ability was, they wouldn't recover.

Most critical of all was that this Great Death-Courting Senior was clearly just a Soul Formation cultivator with a realm so far below Elder Poisonous Dragon's; it was impossible for him to survive this move.

Unless, the man had hidden his strength...

"You're just a Soul Formation cultivator; none such can survive my stab..." Elder Poisonous Dragon's face was full of grievance. He had thought he'd succeeded, so seeing that his plan had been disrupted made him a little twitchy.

What was more, he had to handle two people this time; there was also a silver-haired young man on the second floor who was a little more troublesome than this Great Death-Courting Senior. It was said that both Mr Lu and Elder Zuo Wu had been defeated by this young man, which was why Elder Ji Xing had sent Elder Poisonous Dragon this time; he was stronger than Mr Lu and Elder Zuo Wu, and most importantly, he wasn't the least bit sloppy in getting things done.

Elder Poisonous Dragon refused to accept it. He grit his teeth and his right hand transformed once again!

Lord Thunder saw it very clearly this time. This was a spell for transforming the body, and Elder Poisonous Dragon's "Lightning Poisonous Dragon Drill" move was to change his hand into a drill. It had a similar appearance to mercury, but it was very hard and almost on the level of a holy weapon!

At the moment, both of Elder Poisonous Dragon's hands had turned into huge drills that crackled with wild purple lightning as they lunged at Lord Thunder! Because his body could change shape, Elder Poisonous Dragon's arms could extend like a rubber man's!

Lord Thunder had never seen this technique before, but from a theoretical perspective of cultivation, this "shapeshifting" method couldn't be achieved with magic alone.

So Lord Thunder thought of another possibility: a life bonded magic treasure implant?

Elder Poisonous Dragon's life bonded magic treasure probably had the ability to freely transform the body into various types of substances, and it was very likely that this life bonded magic treasure had been implanted inside Elder Poisonous Dragon's body to make it easier to use in combination with spells.

"Go to hell!" Elder Poisonous Dragon braced himself and growled in a low voice.

His Poisonous Dragon Drill hands pierced right through Lord Thunder's heart and head. "— Auldey Double Drills 1 !"

1(Auldey Double Diamonds is actually a toy company. 'Diamond' and 'drill' share the same word in Chinese ..) The drills were more brutal and much faster this time! When Elder Poisonous Dragon withdrew his hands, there weren't any bloodstains on them at all. The energy which erupted out of the Poisonous Dragon Drill was so strong that it directly shattered the head and torso, evaporating the blood in its wake and destroying the body in a gruesome way.

When Elder Poisonous Dragon withdrew his hands, he confirmed that this "Great Death-Courting Senior" had been completely killed by his second attack before he finally heaved a deep sigh.

He had completely destroyed this "Great Death-Courting Senior's" upper body, leaving just his two long legs behind - it would be really weird if he could survive this state.

Any resurrection spell had a core, and if it wasn't the head, then it was usually the heart.

Even if this Great Death-Courting Senior had set up a "resurrection spell" in his body as a precaution, Elder Poisonous Dragon's "Auldey Double Drills" move this time had directly pierced his chest and skull; there was no possibility of him surviving!

When everything was done, Elder Poisonous Dragon pulled his hands back and couldn't help wiping the sweat from his forehead.

He hadn't expected this setback today; he had already used up so much energy to deal with a Soul Formation cultivator!

Staring at Lord Thunder's half body, he snorted coldly. "Heh! For you to die from this venerable man's Auldey Double Drills, your cultivation journey wasn't in vain."

Saying this, he turned around with the intent of going to the second floor, but he had only taken one step when a hand fell on his shoulder once again. "Bastard, can't you be gentler?! It's damn painful!"

Elder Poisonous Dragon: "???"

=.= Was this person a cockroach that couldn't die?

The person he had to kill was Great Death-Courting Senior! Not Great Can't Die Senior!

Lord Thunder touched his head. The Daoist robe he was wearing was very expensive. Thankfully, the "Soul Suppression Ring" could even restore clothes! And after it was restored, the Daoist robe was like brand new: it didn't have any wrinkles and it even emitted a radiant light!

He had suddenly discovered a new way of refurbishing old Daoist robes!

But the price was a little heavy...

And most importantly, the moment he was killed was really very painful!

But Lord Thunder discovered that he seemed to already be gradually getting used to being killed! He didn't know if it was due to his entire body being directly destroyed by "Evil Sword God" previously, but he felt that Elder Poisonous Dragon's Poisonous Dragon Drill was far less painful than that first time.

In fact, Lord Thunder had asked Xiao Yin before to kill him repeatedly in order to test the Soul Suppression Ring's traits... but Xiao Yin had adamantly refused to do so.

With Elder Poisonous Dragon's arrival now, Lord Thunder realized that this was a great opportunity to perform a test! There actually weren't many villains these days who would attack without talking a lot. Lord Thunder felt he had to cherish this chance!

Elder Poisonous Dragon looked at Lord Thunder who had been resurrected on the spot. "You..."

"Don't say anything, Elder Poisonous Dragon!" Lord Thunder looked at him expectantly with an excited expression on his face, and then grabbed his hand.

Elder Poisonous Dragon: "..."

Lord Thunder: "What other techniques do you have? Use as many as you like!"

"..."

Elder Poisonous Dragon suddenly felt that this Great Death-Courting Senior in front of him seemed to be severely masochistic!

He was going crazy!

Discomfited, Elder Poisonous Dragon ramped up the power in his attack and served Lord Thunder a Poisonous Dragon Drill package!

...

Five minutes later.

Elder Poisonous Dragon had his hands on the knees as he gasped for breath. He gazed at Lord Thunder, who had been revived perfectly again, with the expression of one whose body had been played to death. "Great Death-Courting Senior? Why... why can't I kill you..."

Lord Thunder clapped his hands. "The person you want to kill is Great Death-Courting Senior. What does that have to do with me, Lord Thunder?"

Elder Poisonous Dragon: "..."





Chapter 668 The Bumpy Road To An Offensive Strike


The other party was a mere Soul Formation cultivator, yet Elder Poisonous Dragon was actually helpless against him? Looking at Lord Thunder's "you can't do anything to me" expression, Elder Poisonous Dragon was enraged. He had used practically all of the upgraded Poisonous Dragon Drill forms, but the other party continued to be resurrected on the spot.

How did he do it? Elder Poisonous Dragon couldn't figure it out at all.

All this was within Lord Thunder's expectations.

Elder Poisonous Dragon was indeed a powerful enemy. If he had met this enemy before, who only liked to strike without saying much, Lord Thunder felt that he would have died long ago. But the situation was now different as he had a world-defying resurrection magic treasure which Elder Poisonous Dragon couldn't smash apart with his strength.

Given how tough the world-defying magic treasure was, it wouldn't be the least bit damaged by any attack under True Immortal level.

When he knew that one of the persons he would be dealing with this time was "Great Death-Courting Senior" who was only at the Soul Formation stage, Elder Poisonous Dragon hadn't thought much of him at the beginning. But reality was crueler than Elder Poisonous Dragon had imagined... The truth was, it was Lord Thunder who didn't think much of Elder Poisonous Dragon.

From the moment he received Zhuo Yi's phone warning, Lord Thunder had known that even if it was someone dispatched by the Demon Hunters Association, there was no way that they could destroy his ring!

Ignoring the panting Elder Poisonous Dragon in front of him, Lord Thunder took out a small notebook and started to record down each of Elder Poisonous Dragon's earlier attacks as he put together a concrete summary of the Soul Suppression Ring's performance test. This type of opportunity to test its performance wasn't something he could come by all the time. Furthermore, he could add the data he had obtained from this test to the cultivation forum's "Skill Encyclopedia."

Many cultivation spells were listed in the Skill Encyclopedia . The categories they were sorted into were very detailed; each skill's level of power damage had even been specially evaluated.

Lord Thunder wrote in his little notebook:

Lightning Poisonous Dragon Drill's second form, a small-scale and long-range attack spell combo. Presents as a single-handed attack; during the attack, one hand turns into a soft metallic screw which pierces the body. As powerful as a large cannon, and very lethal! 7.5 points...

Elder Poisonous Dragon: "..."

In the middle of writing, Lord Thunder suddenly turned to look at Elder Poisonous Dragon. "Oh, that's right, Brother Poisonous Dragon... What was that second move you used just now called? Auldey what drill?"

Elder Poisonous Dragon's lips twitched before he replied in a deep voice, "Auldey... Double Drill..."

But! The problem was! This wasn't the main point!

How had he become Brother Poisonous Dragon?

Who's your brother?!

But Lord Thunder didn't pay any attention to Elder Poisonous Dragon's black face at all as he earnestly took all kinds of notes in front of him. As the owner of the cultivation forum, it was his responsibility as an online administrator to enrich the forum's resources in a timely manner!

At that point, Elder Poisonous Dragon's mindset collapsed.

To be honest, he kind of regretted taking this job.

Although he had long heard that this Great Death-Courting Senior was a veritable freak, he truly hadn't expected him to be one of a kind...

He was a terrible and vicious man, hey! A man who wanted the other party's life! But the other party was actually completely ignoring him and earnestly taking notes!

Elder Poisonous Dragon: "What are you doing?"

"Collecting data to update the forum's database..." Lord Thunder answered truthfully before he looked at Elder Poisonous Dragon in front of him with a broad smile on his face. "Thank you very much, Brother Poisonous Dragon, for the invaluable data you've provided for the cultivation forum's Skill Encyclopedia ."

"Are you ignoring me? Are you serious? I'm here to kill you!"

Elder Poisonous Dragon couldn't take it anymore. The next moment, powerful spirit energy burst out from his body.

Lord Thunder was dazed before he hurriedly put away his little notebook. "I do know!"

Elder Poisonous Dragon: "..."

Lord Thunder: "But can you kill me? You're here on a mission anyway, so why don't you start with the guy upstairs?"

Elder Poisonous Dragon grit his teeth. "..." He was already one hundred percent sure that this "Lord Thunder" in front of him was abnormal, extremely abnormal! Besides, he was actually feeling a sliver of fear for some reason... he was even starting to have doubts about this Great Death-Courting Senior's true realm!

This Great Death-Courting Senior was rumored to be a Soul Formation cultivator, but Elder Poisonous Dragon now thought that it was very likely that the other man had hidden his realm.

One had to know, he was just too calm if he really was just a Soul Formation cultivator!

The number of True Immortals in Huaxiu nation could be counted on the fingers, while there were less than one hundred Itinerant Immortals. Returning elite cultivators from overseas like them, who had also undergone the Demon Hunters Association's specialized training, stood out among the Itinerant Immortals... But in a confrontation with them, this Great Death-Courting Senior actually wasn't the least bit nervous, which was enough to prove that this person definitely dealt often with cultivators at higher levels, which was why he could ignore their auras and the oppression they brought with them.

Thinking this, Elder Poisonous Dragon couldn't help breaking slightly into a cold sweat.

Could a person with no capabilities hang around often with True Immortal bigwigs?

... There was something wrong with this Great Death-Courting Senior!

Elder Poisonous Dragon was suddenly disinclined to attack.

He turned his gaze to the second floor and then looked at Lord Thunder. "Stay there and don't move; I'll let you off for now... But I have to kill the person on the second floor today!"

Lord Thunder nodded and smiled. "Go ahead..."

Elder Poisonous Dragon was furious, but in the end, he only took one step up the stairs when a snow-white foot hit him in the face and immediately sent him flying!

The first floor was so noisy just now that it made Xiao Yin very fidgety. It was only after he sent out his awareness that he realized that there was an intruder!

He was in the middle of writing!

His creative thought process had been interrupted by the noise from the first floor, causing a ball of fury to form in Xiao Yin's heart. "Who are you?! Can you please be quiet?! Don't you know I'm writing a book?"

Xiao Yin grabbed his silver hair, feeling a little agitated.

He had come upstairs just now overflowing with ideas, but everything was now a mess in his head!

When he went downstairs, he happened to see someone he didn't recognize about to come rushing up, so Xiao Yin directly gave him a flying kick...

It was a very fierce kick. Although it was just a normal attack by Xiao Yin, Elder Poisonous Dragon was kicked directly into the wall.

Elder Poisonous Dragon was instantly enraged at being kicked in the face. "You're courting death!"

He used his Lightning Poisonous Dragon Drill again. Taking this silver-haired young man's strong recovery ability into account, Elder Poisonous Dragon didn't hold back this time as he put everything he had purely into hitting Xiao Yin's chest!

" Aiya ! No good!"

"Afraid now? You're dead meat!"

Seeing that Elder Poisonous Dragon was serious, Xiao Yin wanted to dodge that sharp tip, but it was too late. Elder Poisonous Dragon's move connected as it directly hit Xiao Yin's body!

Unfortunately, however, Xiao Yin's body was far more resilient than Elder Poisonous Dragon thought, and it was actually just a scratch in the end.

Elder Poisonous Dragon withdrew his hand, a shocked look on his face. "How can this be?"

When he came back to his senses, he saw this young man with a collar around his neck staring longingly at him.

Xiao Yin: "So... so good..."

Elder Poisonous Dragon: "???"

Xiao Yin: "Hit me again..."





Chapter 669 Elder Poisonous Dragon Who Doubts Life


Lord Thunder: "..."

He noticed that since putting on the collar, Xiao Yin seemed to pick up another strange trait... Were all the people in this villa masochists? That wasn't right! Although he himself had begged Elder Poisonous Dragon to kill him just now, that had been for a purpose, which was a performance test! How could a normal person derive pleasure from little candles and a whip?

Right! He wasn't a masochist! He was a normal person who had no choice but to sacrifice himself for his job...

Mm, Lord Thunder felt much better at this thought.

The question was, when did Brother Xiao's strange masochistic tendencies awaken?

Lord Thunder felt very puzzled.

Could Brother Xiao discovering this strange trait have something to do with the path of Dao?

Elder Poisonous Dragon truly now regretted joining this operation.

He was now basically certain that he had met two "big perverts" who liked to be hit, and furthermore couldn't die no matter how much they were beaten.

Even this silver-haired young man in front of him was stronger than he thought, let alone Great Death-Courting Senior who resurrected weirdly without end.

Elder Poisonous Dragon had exerted all his power in that move just now, but it didn't even penetrate the other party's body.

How was that possible... Elder Poisonous Dragon's first reaction was that the information supplied by Mo Immortal Castle was most likely wrong.

All of the Demon Hunters Association's operations this time was based on information from Mo Immortal Castle!

The information contained everything that the Demon Hunters Association wanted to know, including the data on this silver-haired young man.

And based on this information, Elder Poisonous Dragon was the best person for this job... but the problem was that Elder Poisonous Dragon was now in an awkward situation!

He couldn't beat these two at all!

His Adam's apple bobbed and a few drops of cold sweat ran down his forehead.

If he reported back in this sort of situation, he would definitely become a laughingstock.

"No choice, I can only use my trump card."

At that moment, Elder Poisonous Dragon's face suddenly darkened. When Lord Thunder saw this, he felt that things weren't simple. "Brother Xiao, be careful!"

Xiao Yin folded his arms with a "bring it on" expression on his face. After that initial clash with Elder Poisonous Dragon, he could already tell what this Elder Poisonous Dragon's overall strength was like.

He was indeed a little stronger than Mr Lu and Elder Zuo Wu back then.

But Xiao Yin had also been cultivating these days! Although he was now absorbed in writing novels, he didn't skip out on cultivating every day! Master had given him so many crispy noodle snacks, but he hadn't digested all of them yet! After they were all digested and absorbed, there would be a massive improvement in his strength.

The fact was that with the help of the crispy noodle snacks, Xiao Yin was improving every day. One crispy noodle snack packet instantly gave Xiao Yin "abundant spirit energy"; in this state, a holy beast's speed of cultivation was a full fifty times faster than a cultivator in seclusion in a precious location with feng shui!

Hence, Xiao Yin was even stronger than when they'd captured Mr Lu not long ago.

Xiao Yin thus now urgently needed to find an equally-matched opponent in order to test his strength; in the end, this Elder Poisonous Dragon just happened to come calling!

Although he was a little unhappy about being interrupted, it was in any case a rare chance to temper himself — he wouldn't waste it!

"You should have more powerful moves, right? That one just now was a little mild... Boring," Xiao Yin complained to Elder Poisonous Dragon.

Elder Poisonous Dragon's lips twitched fiercely. "..." Motherfucker! He had used all his strength just now! Are you even human?!

The next moment, Elder Poisonous Dragon took a deep breath, and Lord Thunder and Xiao Yin then saw a purple and blue spirit light in his hands...

"Two energies?"

This purple spirit light was in fact spirit energy, but there was a condensed blue light mixed into it; this was the first time Xiao Yin had sensed such a thing and it felt a little strange.

But relying on general knowledge, one could basically determine that this blue light was also a type of energy source, just like spirit energy and primordial qi.

This energy was denser than spirit energy, but weaker than primordial qi.

Lord Thunder recalled what Zhuo Yi had mentioned on the phone earlier. This group of Demon Hunters Association cultivators were all overseas returnees who had studied on Sun Island.

Then... the true face of this energy source was very clear.

Lord Thunder: "Shit! Brother Xiao! Be careful! It's chakra!"

Xiao Yin was startled. "What's that..."

"It's a type of energy which only ninjas from Sun Island have," said Lord Thunder.

But spirit energy and this kind of ninja chakra reacted adversely to each other, so generally speaking, it was impossible to use these two energy sources at the same time...

In other words, this group of cultivators from the Demon Hunters Association had found a way to use both energy sources simultaneously?

At that moment, Lord Thunder was lost in thought.

Elder Poisonous Dragon smiled and snorted coldly. "As expected of the legendary Great Death-Courting Senior; you are indeed experienced. It cost us a lot to learn to cultivate this second energy source back then. While we're not fully adept at using this kind of power yet, it can give our strength a huge boost in the short term."

Although this was the case, Lord Thunder didn't believe that there wasn't any cost at all in simultaneously using two types of energy sources which repelled each other.

The next moment, Elder Poisonous Dragon's right hand transformed again into a huge drill the size of a refrigerator.

It had to be said that his move this time had majestic momentum!

"Ninjutsu. Lightning Poisonous Dragon Drill Tenth Form: Aisin Gioro Right Hand Screw Rule!"

Then, that huge drill rushed at Xiao Yin with a rumble.

This was indeed a powerful attack.

Xiao Yin frowned tightly, ready for action.

Then, he stuck out his chest to meet Elder Poisonous Dragon's drill head on; there was even a vaguely bashful expression on his face. "More... More, please!"

The two collided with the violent sound of cracking metal, like a house being renovated.

Ten minutes later...

Elder Poisonous Dragon completely gave up.

His hand was so sore!!! More tired than when he masturbating!!!

...

Elder Poisonous Dragon was truly a little afraid this time. His tyrannical attitude from when he had burst in earlier and directly made a move without saying much was completely gone.

Because he knew that there was no way he could defeat these two!

Elder Poisonous Dragon: "What, what do you want?"

Xiao Yin: "..."

Lord Thunder: "..."

Lord Thunder was straightaway stunned. The hoodlum who had selfishly charged into someone else's house was actually asking them what they wanted?

Where is your pride as a hoodlum?!

Lord Thunder was a little angry as he looked at Elder Poisonous Dragon. "How can you give up like that? A drill! Is a man's romance1!"

1(A well-known line from the Japanese anime "Lucky Star.")





Chapter 670 Yet Another Lunatic


Elder Poisonous Dragon's mentality had already collapsed.

He had never encountered a situation as difficult as this before. His "Lightning Poisonous Dragon Drill" was his pride and joy, a great killing move that would make waves in the world! Of the fifteen Demon Hunters Association overseas returnees, Elder Ji Xing was undoubtedly the strongest, followed by Elder Yaren, who was famous for his Body Transformation Spell.

Elder Poisonous Dragon was ranked fourth overall; third was that Elder Mingren who, after just arriving on Sun Island, had taken the Nine-Tailed Demon Fox into seclusion after its fur was all shaved off by a scary Huaxiu hairdresser...

Elder Poisonous Dragon was only ranked fourth, but in terms of inhibition, his "Lightning Poisonous Dragon Drill" had a natural inhibitive effect on Elder Yaren's Body Transformation Spell!

That was to say, while Elder Yaren had a strong self-healing ability, it would still be greatly impaired in the face of the "Lightning Poisonous Dragon." But what Elder Poisonous Dragon had used just now was his most powerful move, "Ninjutsu. Lightning Poisonous Dragon Drill Tenth Form: Aisin Gioro Right Hand Screw Rule"!

In order to use this technique, he hadn't even hesitated to combine spirit energy with "chakra" as a second energy source, which was found only on Sun Island and which he had yet to completely master.

Given that spirit energy and chakra weren't compatible, a price definitely had to be paid for using this skill.

This was precisely what Lord Thunder had been thinking about earlier.

After that incredibly powerful killing move, Elder Poisonous Dragon looked very unwell. He was a very thin person to begin with, but it was as if his energy had been drained dry by that move, reducing him to nothing but skin and bones.

His eyes had sunk in deeply and his body was covered in a fine sheen of sweat; even his hair had instantly turned gray, making him look decades older.

"As expected, he paid the price for it?" Chin in his hands, Lord Thunder then took out his little notebook and recorded down what he had seen. This was the aftereffect of a cultivator using a technique after combining the two incompatible energy sources of spirit energy and chakra. Information on the aftereffects which had been circulating online all this time was inaccurate; now, he finally had a real case which he could observe up close!

It was just that Lord Thunder still couldn't understand why a combination of the two energy sources would cause so much damage to the body.

Xiao Yin walked over slowly and crouched down to look at Elder Poisonous Dragon, who was as frightened as a weak maiden targeted by a hoodlum.

"Stay back! If you come any closer... I'll... I'll call the police!" Elder Poisonous Dragon took several steps back and shrunk into one corner of the wall. He was so weak that he already could no longer remain standing... The technique just now had been more harmful than he'd expected.

Lord Thunder: "..."

Xiao Yin: "..."

Examining Elder Poisonous Dragon's condition, Xiao Yin in the end chewed on his fingernails and said, "He probably used the fat in his body as a medium, which is why he's this skinny now."

"So it's a spell which converts fat into chakra, which incidentally serves as a flexible medium so that it doesn't clash with spirit energy?" Lord Thunder instantly understood and also noted this down since it was a very important discovery.

Xiao Yin crouched down and poked Elder Poisonous Dragon, who was shivering in the corner. Elder Poisonous Dragon had already fainted dead away and was muttering nonsense as if he was having a nightmare.

Xiao Yin sighed - yet another lunatic...

Also, he realized something very important — it never ended well for anyone who came looking for trouble at Thunder's villa.

Xiao Yin pinched Elder Poisonous Dragon's face, and after confirming that the other party had passed out completely, he turned to look at Lord Thunder. "Should I call Little Master?"

Lord Thunder gave a heartfelt sigh. Xiao Yin had already become an old hand at this.

...

Elsewhere, Zhuo Yi was dealing with Elder Yin's body when he got a call from Lord Thunder. Elder Yin had fallen to the ground, foaming at the mouth, and died from being poisoned. Neither Zhuo Yi nor Zhong Lang dared go near him.

Because Elder Yin's body was still poisonous, it had to be handled with extreme caution.

This was like encountering a viper in the desert; after killing it, you had to bury the head completely. This was because even though it was dead, its mouth still contained venom. If you were careless and pricked yourself on its fangs, you would also die.

After all, the poison in this Elder Yin's body killed even him...

So after Elder Yin died, Jingke, who had possessed Zhuo Yi, directly contained the driver of the van and then separated from Zhuo Yi and turned back into a peach wood sword.

Zhuo Yi didn't dare touch Jingke directly until he put on a pair of white gloves in reverence.

He had prepared these white gloves long before, in the event that when he fought alongside Lord Jingke one day, he would look a little more polite about it.

"Looks like I guessed right. Someone really went after you, Senior Immortal," Zhuo Yi said on the phone.

"Fortunately, it wasn't a big deal. We've taken care of this person," Lord Thunder replied.

"I questioned the van driver just now; the person who went after you is an elder named Poisonous Dragon, ranked fourth among the fifteen Demon Hunters Association elites who returned from abroad." Zhuo Yi tsked. "How did Senior Immortal deal with him?"

Lord Thunder laughed. "He couldn't do anything to us at all! Then he exhausted himself!"

Zhuo Yi: "..."

Lord Thunder: "Brother Zhuo, what's the situation like over there? Do you need any help?"

"Not for now."

Zhuo Yi shook his head. "Since this Elder Yin's body is extremely toxic, we can't directly approach him. I already called the municipal office just now and I've asked them to close off this section of the road for the time being to passersby. The anti-chemical protection unit is on their way, and they'll be responsible for dealing with Elder Yin's body."

"Then that's good. We've already restrained this Elder Poisonous Dragon. We'll wait for Brother Zhuo to come and handle this," Lord Thunder said.

Zhuo Yi: "Very well, Senior Immortal, after the anti-chemical protection team gets here and I've sorted out Elder Yin's body, I'll head over."

The call then ended.

Zhuo Yi sighed deeply and felt that he was suddenly very busy.

Also, for some reason, he had a bad feeling.

He looked at the end of the road, concerned about the late arrival of the anti-chemical protection team...

It was clearly quite a while already since he had gotten the municipal office to inform the nearest police station to send an anti-chemical protection team to deal with this emergency. Logically speaking, they shouldn't be this slow.





Chapter 671 Elder Yaren Retrieving the Body


Elsewhere, Elder Yaren was on his way to retrieve the body.

After receiving Elder Ji Xing's order, Elder Yaren had instantly set off and was en route.

Elder Yin was a semi-toxic person, so he was still useful even after death. One of the most sinister ways they could use Elder Yin's body was to toss it directly into Number 60 High tomorrow after the barrier was set up and cause it to explode.

That way, the deadly poison stored inside Elder Yin's body would burst out and spread everywhere, and the entire school would suffer. Since the concentration of the poison was lower when diffused through the air, the teachers and students wouldn't die immediately. Instead, they would be covered from head to toe in poisonous blisters and experience unbearable pain and itching all over before they died.

Thus, Elder Yin was a pawn that the Demon Hunters Association wouldn't give up so easily even after he was dead, since it would affect the later stages of their plan.

Elder Yaren's exclusive life bonded magic treasure was a blood-red sickle called Conviction Hook.

This was a third-class holy weapon, and while it was very lethal, the most frightening about it was its ability to rapidly change shape. In battle, this Conviction Hook could also turn into a blood-like substance and didn't have a particular fixed form.

Elder Yaren also had his own way of locating Elder Yin. He was extremely sensitive to blood and could completely track down Elder Yin's blood after his sudden death. This was a powerful tracking method called Blood Hunt.

Elder Yaren didn't think he would use this spell so soon after returning to Huaxiu, and moreover on one of their own people.

Heh, really useless...

Couldn't even handle two Golden Core good-for-nothings.

Nevertheless, Elder Yaren didn't treat this lightly, since given Elder Yin's strength on paper, he shouldn't have lost so miserably in the face of two Golden Core cultivators.

It was probably because the two Golden Core cultivators had other self-defense measures, or the Almighty hidden behind the scenes had made a move...

Flying on his Conviction Hook, Elder Yaren couldn't help turning this over in his mind.

From the moment their plan started, the person they had to be the most wary of was the Almighty who looked like a teenager, but the information they had on his abilities was very limited.

The Demon Hunters Association's reason for wanting to massacre everyone at Number 60 High this time was very simple.

A revenge attack on Number 60 High was actually just one part of it.

More importantly, they wanted to unearth the treasure hidden inside Number 60 High...

They really couldn't think of any other reason apart from this for why an Almighty who looked like a teenager would hang around a Foundation Establishment high school to study.

Maybe the secret of Heavenly Dao was hidden in this Number 60 High!

Either way, all of this was just speculation. They could only wait until they set the plan moving tomorrow to know for sure.

...

Meanwhile, Xiao Yin was tying up an unconscious Elder Poisonous Dragon in Lord Thunder's villa. When he'd bought the collar before, he'd been given quite a few things as gifts.

Besides the whip and the candle, there actually also was rope and a ball gag.

Xiao Yin was gratified to realize that they were finally coming in handy!

He trussed Elder Poisonous Dragon up in a very "artistic" pose, put the ball gag in his mouth, and then helped him put on a blindfold.

It was still alright without the blindfold and ball gag, but once they were put on, Lord Thunder somehow felt it was strange!

"Brother Xiao, this rope's not strong enough, he'll be able to break loose," Lord Thunder said as he looked at the rope.

"It's fine, he's weak now, and I've cast a body-bind curse on him. Most importantly, I smeared this rope just now with my saliva, so it's a lot stronger now," said Xiao Yin.

Lord Thunder drew his hand back. "..." No wonder the rope felt wet just now; he'd thought it was the damp! It turned out to be saliva!

Xiao Yin's saliva was somewhat an all-purpose substance!

"Let's tie him up like this for now!" Xiao Yin clapped his hands, feeling a sense of accomplishment. He took out his phone and took several photos of Elder Poisonous Dragon from different angles.

Then, he opened his WeChat Moments, did some editing... and sent!

Actually, he didn't have many people in his WeChat Moments. It was just those in the chat group: Dog Bapi, Little Master, Cailian Zhenren, Immortal Toya, Lightning Dharmaraja and so on... Because he often stayed at home and had a smaller social circle, the number of people Xiao Yin knew was actually very few; the only other friend he'd made was Wei Zhi, and even then that was through Er Ha.

Because he preferred to play team games, Xiao Yin would call Wei Zhi to play two-player mode when he was free.

But even in such a small group of friends, the photos still had an explosive visual impact after they were sent out.

Cailian Zhenren was directly stunned, and gave a thumbs-up before replying, "What the hell?! Is this Senior Immortal's house? Xiao Yin, you're playing S&M so openly, does Senior Immortal not care?"

Lord Thunder took out his phone and skimmed his Moments. He sighed silently. "..."

He couldn't control it!

He couldn't control this "Silver"!

Lightning Dharmaraja: "I never thought Brother Xiao Yin would be like this... I... I like it!"

Er Ha: "Wow, so you're into this? Fine, I'll find one for you later. There're plenty of old fellows and ladies at the market when I go for a walk. Take your pick."

Xiao Yin cocked his head. "There's nothing wrong with this pose! My grandfather taught me to tie like this in my clan back then. He said that it works particularly well, and he often used it on my grandmother. I've been practicing this binding art for a long time!"

Lord Thunder: "..."

Cailian Zhenren: "..."

Lightning Dharmaraja: "..."

Immortal Toya: "Brother Xiao Yin, how about you take off the blindfold and ball gag... It'll look a little better."

"Is that so?" Xiao Yin was actually a little puzzled. Since the ball gag and blindfold were freebie accessories, there definitely had to be a use for them somewhere. But after seeing everyone echo Immortal Toya, Xiao Yin took off Elder Poisonous Dragon's blindfold and ball gag.

In the end, Elder Poisonous Dragon was actually roused from his faint by the slight movements.

He found himself trussed up in a very shameful pose, with Xiao Yin holding a blindfold and a ball gag! And the ball gag was still wet with his saliva!

Elder Poisonous Dragon stared at Xiao Yin with a terrified look on his face. "What... What did you do to me?!"

Xiao Yin took out his phone and showed the photos to Elder Poisonous Dragon. "Nothing, I just took some photo evidence. When you were unconscious, I helped put you in a lot of positions... Look, they're actually quite artistic!"

At that very moment, Elder Poisonous Dragon's face turned red.

He felt that he already no longer had face to continue living.

...

Roughly five minutes later, in the military tent, Elder Ji Xing saw Elder Poisonous Dragon's soul mark disappear like a burst of light.

In the end, Elder Poisonous Dragon died under the romance of his own drill.

He transformed his tongue into a drill and used it to completely blow apart his own skull...





Chapter 672 Elder Aunt!


Elder Poisonous Dragon's soul mark disappeared so abruptly that it was more ruthless than the lights turning off for the male guest on the dating show If You Are The One .

Elder Ji Xing stared at the soul crystal ball in front of him and repeatedly confirmed that the soul mark had disappeared; this was difficult for him to accept. Before the official launch of their operation the following day, two of their fifteen overseas returnee elites from the Demon Hunters Association had actually died just like that. Moreover, one of them was Elder Poisonous Dragon, who was ranked in the top five...

This bitter loss was unbearable for Elder Ji Xing. As for how Elder Poisonous Dragon had died, that was also another mystery. Even if that silver-haired young man was a little difficult to deal with, it was unlikely that Elder Poisonous Dragon wouldn't have been able to handle Great Death-Courting Senior, who was only at the Soul Formation stage!

Therefore, Elder Ji Xing felt that there was something deeply strange about this case.

"What are you thinking, Sonico?" asked that Mount Heaven Young-Old Woman Brother Nanco, who looked like a child but was an adult inside.

Elder Ji Xing grabbed the back of his head as he felt it ache and sighed. "I'm wondering if our operation this time is a good idea."

Because in the end, they had no knowledge at all on that young expert's true realm. President Bai had never fought him before and had only made a rough guess that the other party was likely an expert at early or middle True Immortal level. But in tomorrow's battle, apart from setting up the barrier, President Bai would also fight this young expert himself... It would be a grudge match between True Immortals.

But that was the problem. They were just assuming that the other side was a True Immortal... If the other side's strength was more powerful than early or middle True Immortal level, what then?

"Is Sonico afraid?" Elder Nanco asked relentlessly.

"Afraid? How can that be?" Elder Ji Xing shook his head; when there was nothing to lose, there was nothing to fear. Since they had already chosen to launch this attack, of course he wasn't afraid. Even if they weren't able to kill that young expert in the end, their plan would still be considered a success as long as they could take revenge on the rest of Number 60 High's teachers and students.

Even if that young expert was very strong, there was no way he could protect everyone while he was fighting President Bai, could he?

He wasn't Heavenly Dao, after all!

This was what Elder Ji Xing thought.

At that moment Elder Nanco asked, "Don't we need to retrieve Elder Poisonous Dragon's body?"

"Poisonous Dragon must have overexerted himself; his body wouldn't be any use to us even if we have it. There's no harm in not taking it back. When our Demon Hunters Association planted the soul marks, we also put in a setting: once the person implanted with the soul mark dies, all the memories stored in the head will disappear. So, we don't have to worry about the police finding any clues on Elder Poisonous Dragon's body," Elder Ji Xing said.

The one thing he was concerned about now was whether Elder Yaren's retrieval of the body was going smoothly.

Elder Yaren was second only to him in overall strength among the team of fifteen people.

So Elder Ji Xing was very confident in Elder Yaren's strength.

...

Using Blood Hunt, Elder Yaren found the road which Elder Yin had died on.

Elder Yaren hid himself at the end of the road since this section was already blocked off. In addition to the air control up ahead, several barricades had even been set up on the road. Traffic police at the intersection diverted vehicles wanting to pass through to other routes.

It seemed that Elder Yin wasn't far ahead...

Elder Yaren narrowed his eyes.

He also surmised that the other party was clearly aware that Elder Yin's body was highly poisonous, hence why the road and sky here had been blocked off and no cultivators were allowed through.

Even if Elder Yin was already dead, the poison in his body was still extremely dreadful, so the police had actually handled the matter quite sensibly. But this was also an opportunity Elder Yaren could take advantage of since there were no outsiders in this section and the only ones passing by were police vehicles.

Thus, when Elder Yaren saw a heavily-armed white anti-chemical protection vehicle in the distance stop at an intersection to be inspected by the traffic police, he already had a plan.

He was a person who didn't like to complicate things. Since the organization had charged him this time to bring back Elder Yin's body, then he should avoid fighting as much as possible, otherwise he would only create unnecessary trouble before the master plan officially started tomorrow.

"Blood Escape Teleportation Spell!" Elder Yaren recited in a low voice.

In an instant, his whole body turned into blood which flowed over the ground and scuttled in one direction! This "Blood Escape Teleportation Spell" was also one of Elder Yaren's famous skills. It could freely break the body down into a moving fluid form which could recombine again after it reached its intended location. It was different from the Body Transformation Spell.

Strictly speaking, the Body Transformation Spell was a type of resurrection spell. Even if he died, Elder Yaren could reconstruct his body with the Body Transformation Spell.

The Blood Escape Teleportation Spell, on the other hand, was in fact a body displacement technique, which allowed Elder Yaren to freely transform his body into liquid blood.

And the trickiest thing about this spell was how it could be used in battle; when used properly, it could cancel out all physical spells and spiritual techniques.

Physical attacks were thus useless on Elder Yaren, which was also the reason why he was ranked so high.

He had a built-in immunity to physical attacks! And he was also called: ElderAunt 1 !

1(In China, the term "great aunt" is sometimes used to refer to a girl's period ..) Liquid blood swiftly settled in the middle of the road and piled up bit by bit until it finally turned into a young man with short white hair who wore a dark red Daoist robe with a blood red pattern of a sun on it.

Elder Yaren teleported himself to the middle of the road just as the anti-chemical protection vehicle sped in his direction from the road intersection.

The little brother driving the vehicle was startled when he suddenly saw a person appear in the middle of the road and hurriedly stepped on the brake. "Why's there someone there? Aiya ! Not good!"

But it was already too late and the anti-chemical protection vehicle directly ran over Elder Yaren's body.

The driver little brother was utterly shocked. When he got out to check, he saw that the bottom of the wheels was splattered with blood... He had actually crushed this person to a pulp!

Dressed in a white anti-chemical protection suit, the little brother sank to his knees in utter grief and started to doubt life... Over! It was all over! He had run someone down! His career was ruined!

"What's the matter?"

There were several other anti-chemical protection personnel in the vehicle. At that moment, they all got out of the car to check the situation. Seeing that they were all present, Elder Yaren instantly changed from his blood state to his human form, and while the personnel were off guard, he immediately cast a spell. "Blood Binding Spell!"

A blood-colored cloth shot out from his palm and turned into a long blood whip which bound these six anti-chemical protection personnel together tightly.

The moment the blood whip wrapped around them, these little brothers one by one started to feel faint from a lack of blood before their vision darkened and they all passed out...





Chapter 673 A Smooth Path to Retrieval


The general situation was proceeding more smoothly than Elder Yaren had imagined. The Blood Binding Spell wasn't purely an imprisonment spell, but also a dark spell that could transform qi and blood into spirit energy to replenish itself. All dark spells were currently banned on the market and it was prohibited to use or sell them. Nevertheless, this type of spell was very popular in foreign markets.

Elder Yaren only drew some qi and blood from the bodies of these little brothers and stopped after they fainted. He didn't get rid of them completely.

Since the start of the plan, he had already decided not to do anything unnecessary. His objective was very clear: it was just to retrieve the body. Even if Director Zhuo blocked him from doing so later, Elder Yaren didn't plan to create any unnecessary complications.

All this was so as not to affect tomorrow's master plan.

The qi and blood energy drawn from the little brothers transformed into a glowing scarlet magic sphere which floated lightly above Elder Yaren's head. Ultimately, this scarlet magic sphere sunk into the top of Elder Yaren's head and was completely absorbed.

When he absorbed it, Elder Yaren's body shone with a red lustre and his entire complexion seemed to improved significantly. He had drawn thirty percent of the qi and blood energy from each of the six Golden Core cultivators and converted it into spirit energy to replenish his own body, which was quite a considerable gain.

Well...

Since Elder Ji Xing had drunk some of his tissue before, Elder Yaren was still a little weak now.

But now with this energy supplement, Elder Yaren did feel a lot more comfortable.

"How's the plan coming along?"

At this time, Elder Ji Xing's voice came from Elder Yaren's soul mark; he could use magic with the soul crystal ball in front of him for long-range communication.

One of the biggest advantages of this kind of communication was that it could directly reach the heart and disregard electronic signals. Even if you were in an area with no signal at all, this method could be used to contact a person who had the soul mark in them; most importantly, no one could listen in.

Since Elder Yin and Elder Poisonous Dragon had died suddenly one after another, Elder Ji Xing was a little worried about how Elder Yaren's assignment was coming along...

If Elder Yaren, as the second strongest of the fifteen members in the team, died just like that, it would be a huge loss to the whole team!

"So far, so good," Elder Yaren replied.

He knew that the link through the crystal ball had been activated, and that he only needed to think in his mind to reply.

He hid the unconscious little brothers in the green belt on the side and set up a scarlet screen. This was a barrier spell that could completely hide the auras of these people.

Elder Ji Xing was relieved when he heard Elder Yaren's reply, and then said in a stern tone, "I received the latest response from Mo Immortal Castle. The road section which Elder Yin is on has been blocked off, and the anti-chemical protection unit is on its way. This must be done quickly."

"Naturally."

Elder Yaren replied, "My mission is to just retrieve the body... I've already stopped the anti-chemical protection vehicle, and I'm about to go in undercover. Don't worry, I'm not planning to do anything unnecessary. I'll be very quick to retrieve the body and I'll return safe and sound."

Elder Yaren's voice came out of the soul crystal ball.

But for some reason, Elder Ji Xing felt uneasy when he heard this.

...

Meanwhile, at the other end of the road, Zhuo Yi and Zhong Lang were waiting for the anti-chemical protection vehicle.

It was too slow...

They had already waited for so long, and during this time, Elder Yin's highly toxic body had already started to react slightly as black poisonous gas slowly started to seep out of it. The highly poisonous gas was so corrosive that it even dissolved the ground and caused the van next to it to burn.

Elder Yin's corpse had now completely turned into a highly acidic and corrosive poison.

Zhong Lang pinched his nose. "Brother Zhuo, is this really alright..."

He couldn't help glancing at the peach wood sword in Zhuo Yi's hand. Needless to say, it was the power of this spirit sword that had helped them avert disaster just now.

But from beginning to end, Zhong Lang couldn't believe what he was seeing...

Because the problem was that this was a peach wood sword that couldn't be any more ordinary! He had seen so many identical ones in the flower and bird market! This type of peach wood sword actually spawned a sword spirit! And it had actually possessed Zhuo Yi's body to confront Elder Yin...

Zhong Lang felt that everything he knew had already been overturned and it was all a mess.

"The anti-chemical protection unit will arrive soon, we should hold our breaths as much as possible," Zhuo Yi said, and took a few steps back with Zhong Lang. The black poisonous fog emitted by Elder Yin's corpse had already begun to spread, like the blue circle in the game, as it slowly extended outward close to their feet.

Just then, Zhuo Yi felt the spirit sword in his hand vibrate slightly.

He was surprised. "Lord Jingke?"

At that moment, Jingke acted once again to draw a circle of sword qi around Elder Yin's body and create a brown screen, keeping the poison gas safely inside!

When it happened, Zhong Lang clearly saw a sword spirit apparition of a ten-year-old child with white hair...

Although Jingke's true appearance came and went in a flash, Zhong Lang had still seen it.

For some reason, his heart rate had sped up and there was a blush on his face! — He felt that this peach wood sword was quite handsome!

"Brother Zhuo... This spirit sword..."

"He's my shifu's spirit sword." Zhuo Yi didn't dodge the question.

In fact, many people knew that he had a shifu , but who on earth this shifu was, was still a mystery.

Zhong Lang's emotions swelled. "Brother Zhuo, your shifu's sword is quite handsome! Does he have a name? Will he take a disciple?"

Zhuo Yi looked into the air and gave an introduction. "His name is Jingke... I'm used to calling him Lord Jingke. 'Jing' from the word 'shock 1 ' and 'ke' from 'dreams of grandeur 2 ...'"

1(惊 in 惊撼.)

2(柯 in 南柯一梦 ..) Jingke?

Good name!

Zhong Lang was very excited.

So he was called Lord Jingke...

He felt like he had already become a fan!

Crap! Was this what it felt like to fall in love?

While Zhong Lang burst with excitement, he heard faint sounds of a car from up ahead.

The anti-chemical protection vehicle had finally arrived.

Elder Yaren got out from the driver's seat. He was wearing a white anti-chemical protection suit which he had taken from one of the little brothers. His eyes were thoroughly hidden behind the reflective mask of the anti-chemical protection suit, and he was so wrapped up that his face couldn't be seen at all.

When the anti-chemical protection vehicle stopped, Elder Yaren feigned respect and waved in acknowledgement before sweeping his eyes over the surroundings.

The poison inside Elder Yin had already turned into a black gas that was spreading out, but it was actually confined behind a brown screen...

"Are you alone, comrade?" Zhuo Yi greeted him from a distance.

"Yes..." Elder Yaren nodded his head. The more he said, the more mistakes he might make, so he was succinct.

Zhuo Yi nodded. Really, it wasn't like he couldn't understand; after all, retrieving a poisonous corpse was very hazardous.

Outside the barrier screen, Zhuo Yi reached out to shake hands with this little brother. "Thank you for your hard work, comrade, I'll let your leader know later, what we need now are people as fearless and dedicated as you."

"Haha... you flatter me!"

Considering Zhuo Yi's identity, Elder Yaren thought it was better to shake his hand so as not to give the game away.

So he walked outside Jingke's sword qi screen and took off his glove to shake hands with Zhuo Yi.

When he was done, he returned to Elder Yin's body.

He was extremely nervous about exposing his identity. Zhuo Yi saw that this little brother had even forgotten to put his glove back on and then directly touched Elder Yin's body...

"..."

Zhuo Yi: "Comrade, wait!"

Unfortunately, it was all already too late...

...

Five minutes later, Elder Ji Xing was observing Elder Yaren's soul mark through the soul crystal ball in the military tent.

Unlike Elder Yin's and Elder Poisonous Dragon's soul marks which had directly exploded in bursts of light...

Elder Yaren's soul mark twinkled like a little star...





Chapter 674 Crushing Allies


"What's going on?"

Everyone in the military tent was horrified.

This definitely wasn't a problem with the soul crystal ball since it was a new one which President Bai had given them a few days ago, and there hadn't been any problems when it was activated; there was no reason for it to malfunction.

What was with this twinkle, twinkle, little star?!

Now wasn't the time to sing "Twinkle Twinkle Little Star"! Elder Yaren wasn't Lu Shu1!

1(In the web novel "Spare Me, Great Lord," the protagonist Lu Shu can only activate a spell by singing this lullaby.) "Elder Yaren? Yaren?? If you can hear me, please reply..." Elder Ji Xing was suddenly nervous as he spoke over and over again.

Two of theirs elders were already dead! Elder Yaren was an important fighting force! If something happened to him, their combat strength would drop drastically!

Considering that there were a number of experts in Number 60 High, their original plan was for Elder Yaren to lead a portion of their elites to deal with that epic-level killer Gorgeous Itinerant, while Elder Ji Xing himself would lead people to go and capture Number 60 High's Headmaster Chen.

But now...

Something had actually happened to Elder Yaren, who had always handled things cautiously, and this was something no one in the tent had expected.

"What the hell happened?" Elder Ji Xing braced himself on the long table, an incredulous look on his face.

...

Elsewhere, Elder Yaren, who had forgotten to put his glove back on and had directly touched Elder Yin's body, fell to the ground in the anti-chemical protection suit in front of Zhuo Yi and Zhong Lang.

Unprepared and unsuspecting2, he fell to the ground with a plop.

2(Taken from the song "You Exist in My World" by Qu Wanting.) Zhuo Yi: "..."

Zhong Lang: "..."

"Brother Zhuo, what should we do now..." Zhong Lang panicked a little.

After all, the man was dead...

What was more, the poisonous gas inside the sword qi barrier screen was becoming thicker... Without any protective gear, they couldn't get close at all.

"No, the situation may not be that bad..." Subconsciously, Zhuo Yi wanted to run in and save the man.

Lord Jingke... Please!

Zhuo Yi said in his heart.

The next moment, the peach wood sword in his hand turned into a brown stream of light again, and like a god, it melded with Zhuo Yi's body.

This was Zhong Lang's second time witnessing this scene, and he was now completely used to it.

He knew that Lord Jingke was taking action once again!

After man and sword became one, the aura of the possessed person would be dramatically boosted no matter what his realm was.

By this point, the black poisonous gas emitted by Elder Yin's corpse was so thick inside the sword qi barrier screen that nothing could be seen.

Elder Yin and Elder Yaren weren't weak, but without protective measures, they had fallen as soon as they were infected by this extreme poison. No cultivator would charge into this misma without the least bit protection.

But when man and sword were one, Zhuo Yi had barely stepped inside when the brown protective sword qi actually split the poison gas apart, like a god parting the sea, to create a passageway.

Zhuo Yi, possessed by Jingke, then raised his hand and used sword qi to lift the fallen little brother and drag him out of the sword qi screen full of poisonous gas.

Zhong Lang: "You did it!"

But things weren't over yet.

After dragging the little brother out, Jingke broke away from Zhuo Yi, and Zhong Lang saw his true appearance again: a cute little shota with short white hair and a poker face!

"There's, something wrong, with this man."

Jingke muttered as he stared at the little brother he had rescued.

Although Elder Yaren had already concealed his aura, it couldn't escape Jingke's perception. For a member of an anti-chemical protection team, this person's realm was abnormally high, which was what had attracted Jingke's attention.

He lifted his hand, and with a light flick of his fingertip, the anti-chemical protection suit was cut in half.

Elder Yaren's face was exposed at last.

Zhong Lang: "Brother Zhuo, who is this man???"

Zhuo Yi shook his head. "I don't know..."

Zhong Lang: "..."

Only then did Zhuo Yi realize that the anti-chemical protection team had very likely been intercepted and replaced!

They had checked the profiles of the members of the anti-chemical protection team previously, and had also seen photos of the team members sent by the police station. This time, the closest cultivation police station had sent a total of six anti-chemical protection team personnel to retrieve Elder Yin's body, but when the anti-chemical protection vehicle arrived just now, only the driver got out of the car.

Zhuo Yi patted his head as realization dawned on him... He should have noticed it earlier!

Zhong Lang: "Then what should we do now?"

Zhuo Yi sighed. "Tell the police station to send another team, and to quickly find out what happened to the members of this anti-chemical protection team... This man has the mark of the Demon Hunters Association on him; he must have been sent here to retrieve the body."

Zhuo Yi stared at Elder Yaren on the ground, speechless... this was really bad luck!

At that moment, the deadly poison from Elder Yin's body had already permeated Elder Yaren's body and was wantonly destroying his body cells. At the same time, new cells continued to form inside Elder Yaren's body.

This directly led to Elder Yaren's current state as he twitched continuously on the ground like a floppy mudfish.

Zhuo Yi never expected that Elder Yin, who was sent by the Demon Hunters Association, would actually crush himself as well as his ally like this, smoothly accomplishing a Double Kill...

...

Meanwhile, in the headmaster's office at Number 60 High, Headmaster Chen hadn't taken the day off and had just arrived at school.

This was because he had received news earlier from Zhuo Yi.

The Demon Hunters Association was going to launch a revenge attack against Number 60 High, and had mobilized many elite cultivators who had learned ninjutsu on Sun Island overseas.

The gravity of the situation had drastically increased all of a sudden. The invasion of Shadow Stream assassins back then was nothing compared with the planned attack this time.

Director Shi, the director of education at Number 60 High School, had also been notified.

"Lord Headmaster, how should we deal with this?" Director Shi asked on the side.

For the last two days, she had been watching a live stream singer named Dean who had been lip-syncing his performances get smacked down by an online writer to die a social death. In the end, while she had been playing the happy onlooker, she had received the news from Zhuo Yi and had made a beeline for the school straightaway.

"With our current faculty strength, we might not be able to protect all the students, and it will still take time for the higher-ups to send forces over..."

"Lord Headmaster's meaning is..."

"The main reason I called you here is to coordinate the teachers and parents. Some of the parents have formidable means and may have already caught wind of it. You need to find a way to calm them down."

Headmaster Chen's words were deep, but his face was still as unperturbed as ever. He couldn't help smiling. "Perhaps we don't need to be too worried over this matter. Whether or not these killers can make it here alive tomorrow might be up in the air."

Director Shi scratched her head, not understanding his meaning.

"You know Mother Juan's food tasting event the day before yesterday?" Headmaster Chen laughed. "That event... wasn't for the parents..."





Chapter 675 Sorry, It's My Thinking That's Crooked!


Mother Juan had worked at Number 60 High for over a hundred years; since it was established, the first generation of teachers had already eaten her communal cooking. Many teachers were very familiar with Mother Juan, but sometimes when they thought about it carefully, they realized that they knew very little about Mother Juan. They didn't even know where she came from, only that she had many disciples in the world of cooking.

Director Shi's expression thus turned slightly heavy after she heard Headmaster Chen's words. He hadn't told her everything, but even this was frightening enough to think about.

If the dishes at the food tasting event hadn't been for the parents...

Then had Mother Juan anticipated an attack by the Demon Hunters Association earlier on?

Director Shi didn't dare dwell on it any further, because the result might be too scary for her. Although she was the director of education at Number 60 High, her time at Number 60 High School was less than one fifth of the time Mother Juan had been here.

All this time, Director Shi had thought that Mother Juan was just a kitchen auntie who couldn't be any more ordinary and who often liked to study some new novel cuisine. But given what Headmaster Chen was now implying, Director Shi suddenly felt that she wasn't simple.

"I am not at liberty to say much about it. Director, you can reflect on it yourself." Headmaster Chen steepled his fingers and smiled. "Our school may be small, but a good number of teachers here don't have simple backgrounds..."

Director Shi wiped at her sweat. "I understand, Headmaster..."

Headmaster Chen: "Don't look down on the teachers, and don't ignore how the parents feel. Some of the parents are bound to already know the situation. I'll take responsibility for handling the students' safety, and I'll have to trouble the director to deal with the parents' state of mind and feelings."

"Very well, Lord Headmaster." Director Shi nodded.

She sighed in her heart, because she wasn't sure whether all the parents knew about this. On this point, she decided to arrange for the teachers-in-charge to coordinate all available teachers to pay home visits in twos or threes later on.

...

Elsewhere, Zhuo Yi had already verified Elder Yaren's identity. Not only was he an elite member of the Demon Hunters Association who had returned from overseas, he also had a high position in the organization. From the communication device which was seized off him, the police found plenty of proof of his identity as well as evidence of his close connection to that Elder Ji Xing.

Songhai First Prison.

When Zhuo Yi went there again, the prison guards at the gate who were already familiar with him saw his license plate number from a distance. After verifying the identities of the people in the car, the prison gate was already slowly opening by the time the car reached it.

All of Zhuo Yi's work here that was related to the arrest of major criminals was now carried out jointly with Songhai First Prison.

In addition to keeping custody of the criminals, follow-up interrogations were also conducted here.

Elder Yaren had been directly sent here by the new anti-chemical protection team and put in solitary confinement. He had been deeply infected by poison. Although the recovery cells inside his body were constantly trying to cure him, there didn't seem to be a way to completely get rid of Elder Yin's poison.

The silver lining in this entire fiasco was that the first anti-chemical protection team that had been dispatched weren't dead. They were found in the green belt, in a hidden barrier which Elder Yaren had put down; a careful search revealed corroborating evidence for this fact.

In other words, this Elder Yaren hadn't intended to stir up anything in the first place; his only goal was to retrieve Elder Yin's corpse... in the end, he was infected.

In the car, Zhuo Yi smacked his face and dropped his forehead heavily into his hand. What kind of operation was this?!

Zhong Lang: "Brother Zhuo, you look a little unwell, are you alright?"

Zhuo Yi: "I'm fine, I'm fine... It's just a pain in the ass..."

Zhong Lang: "..."

After sending Zhuo Yi off, Zhong Lang went back to the General Administration of 100 Schools first. They now knew about the Demon Hunters Association's revenge plan against Number 60 High tomorrow and alarmist word of it had already leaked as rumors which some parents had caught wind of. The hotline of the General Administration of 100 Schools was now blowing up with calls from Number 60 High parents, most of whom wanted to check the situation.

So Zhong Lang had no choice but to go back and handle this key issue.

It was very important to placate the parents.

It was quite normal for people to fear the unknown.

In addition, the ultimate leader of the Demon Hunters Association was still on the run. Now, the other party was planning to retaliate against Number 60 High, the alma mater of Zhuo Yi, who was the chief overseer of the Demon Hunters Association case. Indeed, this caused a lot of parents to panic.

Zhuo Yi already didn't intend to read the news online; as the chief overseer of this matter, it was indeed inexcusable that until now, he had yet to capture President Bai.

He felt that it didn't matter if he was scolded a little; in any case, he just needed to have thick enough skin.

As long as your conscience was clear in whatever you did as a person, that was enough.

The most thick-skinned thing he had ever done in his life was to ask Wang Ling to be his shifu.

Hence, Zhuo Yi was indifferent to the empty abuse he was getting online.

Warden Liang had already been waiting in the office for a long time.

When Zhuo Yi entered, Warden Liang smiled at him, same as ever.

This was what it meant when some were happy while some were worried... while it was true that Zhuo Yi was being scolded on one hand, Warden Liang on the other hand was in a cheerful mood.

More bigwigs had been imprisoned here at Songhai First Prison in the past two or three months than in previous years! Nowadays, attention was also paid to the quality of prisoners that a prison had. With so many high-quality prisoners, the prison would reap a lot of benefits!

The Spirit Shackles' restriction on spirit energy could be adjusted manually. Ordinarily, the Spirit Shackles restriction on people like the old devil, the Master of Immortal Mansion Cheng Yu and Evil Sword God were lifted a little to allow them to use five percent of their spirit energy to help the prison complete various construction tasks.

The old devil and the others were viewed as important manpower who were frequently ordered about. They might look idle, and usually could still find time to play cards, but the truth was that they were taking a breather from being busy...

Although Elder Yaren had currently been poisoned, Warden Liang was profoundly aware that Elder Yaren had an ability that was close to immortality.

"Director Zhuo, have a seat."

Warden Liang pulled Zhuo Yi to one side and prompted a sightly blank-looking male secretary in the office, "Why are you spacing out? Hurry up and pour some tea for Director Zhuo!"

But after saying that, Warden Liang felt that tea wasn't fitting enough, and whispered to Zhuo Yi, "Hey Old Zhuo, I just bought a bottle of Commander Li Sweet Potato Wine, it's eight hundred years old! Want to try some?"

Zhuo Yi: "We're on the clock... I'll pass..."

"Alright then."

Warden Liang nodded, took a seat, and looked at Zhuo Yi. "Come look for me anytime you want a drink, no need to be polite!"

Zhuo Yi sighed. "What's the situation?"

"Hm, we currently have some pertinent leads from the device Elder Yaren was carrying on him. This Elder Yaren and the Elder Ji Xing whom Elder Zuo Wu mentioned don't have an ordinary relationship." Warden Liang said, "In Elder Yaren's text messages, Elder Ji Xing calls him Little Yaya... What do you think Elder Yaren calls Elder Ji Xing?"

Zhuo Yi was taken aback. "..."

Little... Jiji?Also a homonym for Chinese slang for the penis.





Chapter 676 The Old Secretary's Code Word


Zhuo Yi didn't have the courage to continue this line of thinking - it was too dirty!

How could men call each other that! Gay!

Zhuo Yi's face inexplicably flushed red. Seeing this scene, Warden Liang couldn't help glancing at the cooling talisman in the office. To be environmentally friendly, they didn't use air conditioning, but directly used talismans to lower the temperature. The talisman was clearly working as usual at that moment, as it gave off a light blue talisman light from where it was stuck on the wall.

One cooling talisman could last for seventy-two hours straight.

Warden Liang scratched the back of his head. Since it wasn't like this office didn't use a cooling talisman, why was Director Zhuo's face suddenly so red?

"What are you thinking about, Old Zhuo?"

Warden Liang looked at him strangely and snapped his fingers in front of Zhuo Yi. Zhuo Yi came back to his senses and looked at Warden Liang. "... Well, what does Elder Yaren call Elder Ji Xing?"

"Oh, is that what you were thinking about?"

Warden Liang chuckled. "Elder Ji Xing calls him Little Yaya, so of course, Elder Yaren calls him Little Xingxing!"

Zhuo Yi lowered his head in shame. "..."

Sure enough, he was the one who had a dirty mind!

"There was plenty of information in this Elder Yaren's communication device, though a lot of the data was encrypted and we're decoding it now... But the information we have analyzed so far is already very plentiful."

Warden Liang took a sip of tea and gave Zhuo Yi all the information that he currently had. "According to our data, for the Demon Hunters Association's master plan tomorrow, there are a total of fifteen returnee cultivators from Sun Island who have studied ninjutsu that will be participating in the operation."

"Fif... fifteen?" Zhuo Yi raised his eyebrows. This group was courting death with this plan!

For some reason, Zhuo Yi suddenly felt inexplicably worried about the futures of these fifteen people...

Actually, from the moment he had heard about this so-called Demon Hunters Association's revenge plan, Zhuo Yi hadn't thought anything about it at all.

Because he was well aware that his shifu was at Number 60 High, so the school couldn't be any safer! There was no safer place than Number 60 High in the world...

While there was all kinds of scaremongering happening outside, some of which were even aimed at him, Zhuo Yi didn't care at all.

Zhuo Yi hadn't been worried about Number 60 High's security issue from the very start... On the contrary, it was Lord Thunder and the others who had run into the Demon Hunters Association before that Zhuo Yi was worried about.

"Also, Old Zhuo, of the fifteen people, that Elder Ji Xing is the head of the whole affair this time. The other side came fully prepared. Although the reason I asked you to come was to share the information we've learned so far, I actually also wanted to tell you..."

Warden Liang paused before he said, "I suggest that you stay away from the Internet for now. I've seen all the online comments."

"Scolded very badly?"

Zhuo Yi smiled.

Actually, he didn't believe that it was Number 60 High's parents who were flaming him online. He felt it was more likely an water army hired by some local fellow organization; it was quite normal for there to be competition in the workplace.

Tall trees attracted the wind; his star had been on the rise in the last few months, which had definitely attracted a lot of envy. Now that this thing had happened, it wasn't strange at all that he had become the target of criticism.

"What does the old secretary think about it?" Zhuo Yi asked suddenly.

Instead, he was more concerned about Secretary Dakang's opinion. Secretary Dakang had been busy during this time planning the summer camp for various Songhai schools in Beast King's Remains. The Demon Hunters Association's revenge plan had only come to light in recent days, and Zhuo Yi had yet to give a report of the situation to Secretary Dakang.

"What other opinion can the old secretary have? Of course he defers to the people! He said he won't be tolerant with you, even if you're his man!"

Warden Liang then sipped the tea. "So delicious 1 !"

1(The term 真香 has become a way to mock someone for doing an about face on a statement they made previously.) Zhuo Yi: "..."

"You're in such a high position at your age; once something happens, someone is bound to attack you. He was the one who promoted you back then, and now you've disgraced him! He said you definitely have to be punished!"

Then Warden Liang sipped his tea again. "So delicious!"

Zhuo Yi: "..."

Zhuo Yi smiled wryly, not knowing whether to laugh or cry. Everyone knew Secretary Dakang's huge propensity to shield others, especially if it was one of his own.

When Evil Sword God was arrested back then, General Yi had persisted in wanting to talk to Zhuo Yi. If the old secretary hadn't obstructed him at that time, Zhuo Yi was well aware that given General Yi's methods, the latter would have very likely quickly discovered his shifu .

Warden Liang had invited him over this time ostensibly to share information with him. But Zhuo Yi actually knew very well that Warden Liang was passing on the old secretary's opinion.

Now that Zhuo Yi was in the eye of the storm, it made sense for the old secretary to decide not to contact him directly for the time being in order to avoid arousing suspicion.

Although Warden Liang was the messenger, he was also very shrewd. He couldn't convey the old secretary's direct meaning outright, otherwise anyone who heard it would definitely turn it into gossip fodder.

This was purely a sharing of information, plus some passing "small talk" through which he conveyed the old secretary's message...

The secretary, who was pouring tea next to them, appeared calm and at ease, but there were a few drops of cold sweat on his cheeks. His lips twitched: Can the two of you be any more obvious?

Both Zhuo Yi and Warden Liang weren't stupid. Zhuo Yi had already seen the flicker in Warden Liang's eyes when he had entered the office... It had been very obvious that the latter had wanted to tell him something.

"What else did he say..."

"As for the outside comments, the old secretary didn't issue any sort of statement. He's decided to let it run its course. Even if you ultimately fall from the top, it has nothing to do with him at all."

Warden Liang went on drinking tea. "So delicious!"

Zhuo Yi: "..."

Warden Liang: "Oh, that's right, apart from this, the old secretary also hopes that you'll deal with this matter slowly. The slower the better - or just don't deal with it... Wait till you die."

Zhuo Yi nodded, and also lifted the cup in his hand to take a sip of the tea. "Mm... This tea is so delicious."

The secretary: "..."

When they came out of Songhai First Prison, Warden Liang saw Zhuo Yi off. "Don't forget to come back later for a taste of my sweet potato wine." As Songhai First Prison's representative in strategic collaboration, Warden Liang could afford the wine. This eight-hundred-year-old sweet potato wine wasn't something ordinary people could drink. This was a precious brew from his hometown, and he had haggled over the price with his fellow townsmen for a long time before he was able to buy it.

Zhuo Yi: "Alright."

Warden Liang leaned his elbows on the car window. "Oh, that's right, Old Zhuo, do you know what nickname the outside world has now given you?"

Zhuo Yi: "What?"

Warden Liang: "Everyone online is saying that it seems wherever you go, something always happens... so now they're calling you anti-Android 2 ."

2(The Chinese word for the Android OS is "an zhuo," which uses the same "zhuo" character in Zhuo Yi's name ..)





Chapter 677 Chen Chao's Blessed Mouth


After taking his leave of Warden Liang, the next thing Zhuo Yi had to do was to work with Zhong Lang to appease the parents. In the end, he had to make a direct appearance himself, otherwise his colleagues on the outside who were deliberately trying to create trouble for him would accuse him of shirking his responsibilities. Most of the time, online users were like this: they liked to join in and make trouble, completely regardless of logic or the consequences of the incident itself.

Because he hadn't caught President Bai, they blamed him completely for the Demon Hunters Association's revenge plan on Number 60 High, which left Zhuo Yi utterly speechless.

In fact, this was similar to something that had happened online not so long ago. A little girl wanted to jump off a building, and there were over a hundred people below her. Not only didn't they dissuade her, they started taunting her as a group, asking her when was she going to jump and saying that if she wasn't going to jump, she shouldn't bother the police or the firemen... Finally, the girl who couldn't feel a last bit of warmth from the world chose to directly commit suicide.

That was a very tragic incident.

And it made people feel bitterly disappointed. It reminded Zhuo Yi of something he had read online: I have never scrupled to think the worst when it comes to some onlookers in Huaxiu, and yet I still never expected or believed they could be that cruel.

Of course, Zhuo Yi often preferred to look on the bright side.

Sometimes, it wasn't good people turning bad, but that the bad got older. That dark generation who lived like cowards holed up in some crevice often armed themselves with a different attitude online to become strong. This bunch was thus the same as an "online mob."

This time, it was Zhuo Yi's exclusive master driver who picked him up, in the car which Zhong Lang had driven back to the General Administration of 100 Schools earlier.

On the way, Zhuo Yi sent a message to Director Shi, saying that he would personally make a "home visit" to the Wang family's little villa.

He knew that his shifu didn't like trouble, so he simply took this task upon himself first; he would decide later whether to actually go or not.

Elsewhere, at the end of the day for Number 60 High, Wang Ling and the other students in class received the news about the home visits.

It seemed that this was a very serious issue, because Wang Ling had originally heard that Headmaster Chen would be attending meetings in other parts of the country today, yet he had returned halfway to oversee the work in school.

His ultimate purpose had to do with the "Demon Hunters Association's revenge plan."

Guo Hao was leading the class in a lively discussion.

Although Wang Ling didn't know what the exact plan was, this was finally a clear explanation for his eyelid warning. In fact, it was more or less in line with his conjecture. The only difference was that he never expected the Demon Hunters Association to actually be so ruthless this time. Not only did they target Zhuo Yi, they also wanted to directly hit back fully against Number 60 High.

"I have an uncle in the police department who told me that the Demon Hunters Association seems to be organizing to take revenge on our school, and supposedly not a single teacher or student will be spared," Guo Hao said.

At this, people couldn't help recalling a classic line by a certain famous Huaxiu jungler: I want them all1!

1(Refers to pro League of Legends player Mlxg when talking about winning various championships.) "They came prepared this time..."

"But it looks like their plan isn't going well. It seems that three of their main forces have already been caught even before the attack on our school. I heard they were all caught when they were on their way to deal with Senior Zhuo Yi."

"So, more tragic than Shadow Stream!"

Chen Chao was alarmed. "Do you think this group of people will all die before they even step through Number 60 High's main gate?"

"..."

Wang Ling thought it really could happen!

Chen Chao's mouth, was blessed!

"Probably not..." Guo Hao sweated. "No matter how you look at it, these people organized by the Demon Hunters Association are elites. Furthermore, their overall strength is on a level that is who knows how much higher than that of Shadow Stream. They can't be that unlucky. Also, there's not much time left before tomorrow."

"Since the school knows about the plan, why don't they suspend classes?"

"You know our headmaster... If he knows that the other party isn't any threat to our school, he won't apply to stop classes. Didn't lessons still continue when Shadow Stream came before?"

Guo Hao spread his hands. "But I heard it's a particular headache for the headmaster now."

"Why do you say that?" asked Su Xiao.

"Because bad things haven't stopped happening since school started, and a lot of parents for the other classes are starting to apply one after another for their children to withdraw and transfer to another school," Guo Hao said. "You'll know when you look at Number 59 High's forum, they're all happy and laughing about it... the direction of education directly sent out the procedure for mid-term enrollment transfers."

Everyone: "..." Was that true?!

"So didn't our headmaster send out a notice requesting that teachers-in-charge coordinate with the others teachers to make home visits through the night?" Guo Hao replied.

Hearing this, realization dawned on everyone. If it wasn't for Guo Hao's gossip, they wouldn't have been able to put two and two together.

So this was the truth of the situation...

Everyone immediately felt relieved, because the home visits this time weren't about exam results or the like, but had to do with the school's security issue. In some sense, the reason why Number 60 High was paying so much attention to the matter with the Demon Hunters Association this time was because they didn't want parents to start a wave of school withdrawals and transfers at this critical juncture.

Number 60 High was now on the verge of becoming a key high school; if they got worked over at this time, their reputation would definitely suffer a major blow.

But currently in terms of how lively the schools in the whole of Peiyuan district were... in the last few months, no school had been more lively than Number 60 High.

At everyone else's schools, they had exams practically every day...

As for Number 60 High... In addition to exams, they also had something happening practically every day!

"Hey, do you think Senior Zhuo Yi is hiding his true strength?"

Guo Hao asked suddenly just as everyone was about to leave the classroom.

"Why do you say that?"

"Think about it, everyone's always saying that he's a Golden Core cultivator, but the enemy he's dealing with now obviously can't be defeated by a Golden Core cultivator," Guo Hao said. "So I'm guessing that Senior Zhuo Yi has been hiding his strength! Mm! That must be it!"

"That might not be the case... What if it's the shifu behind Senior Zhuo Yi who acted? Hasn't it always been said online that Senior Zhuo Yi has a shifu?" Chen Chao said.

Wang Ling: "..."

Chen Chao: "There are so many experts in this world, there has to be some in our Number 60 High! Don't look down on our teachers - who knows, some of them might be bigwigs!"

Wang Ling: "..."

Chen Chao: "Also, I've always strongly felt that we have a bigwig in our class!"

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 678 Number 60 High's Home Visit


Wang Ling had already found out via text message about Zhuo Yi's intent to pay a home visit. He felt that Zhuo Yi had handled the matter this time very astutely! Knowing that Number 60 High wanted to make a home visit, Zhuo Yi had simply taken the work on himself. Otherwise, if it was Teacher Pan who dropped by, the atmosphere would truly be awkward.

Suddenly, Wang Ling had the urge to give Zhuo Yi a "red packet."

Of course, this red packet didn't refer to money; Wang Ling didn't have much, and Father Wang would find some way to dock his allowance.

What this red packet referred to was actually "items."

Zhuo Yi's current outfit was a little terrible. Additionally, this particular case made Wang Ling deeply aware that he couldn't just leave Zhuo Yi to carry the wok on his back for him outside. The "wok" wasn't bad, but it had to be hard enough since the enemy troop's gunfire was now coming too thick and fast...

If things carried on like this, Zhuo Yi would sooner or later be unable to bear it one day.

Thus, Wang Ling felt that he should fix this problem of quality, and upgrade this cheap disciple of his inside out.

Although it had been less than a few months since Zhuo Yi became his disciple, he had in any case shouldered a lot of things for Wang Ling for so many years. Even if he didn't have any meritorious deeds to his name, it had still been a lot of hard work.

Wang Ling had seen a lot of negative news about Zhuo Yi online because of this incident.

As his shifu, Wang Ling himself found it slightly difficult to bear.

Some people actually turned their noses up at Zhuo Yi because of his low realm...

When Wang Ling saw that comment, he took a deep breath... In that moment, he made up his mind to create a technique tailored for Zhuo Yi, and help him progress quickly in his cultivation!

Zhuo Yi's natural talent was in fact already good enough. At least where cultivation was concerned, he was more gifted than most people Wang Ling had seen.

One had to know, although Zhuo Yi had reached his current position by shouldering the wok in Wang Ling's place, he had cultivated to the Golden Core stage before he entered university... That had all been due to his own abilities! And most importantly, Zhuo Yi hardly took elixirs! He was completely different from those kids from rich families who used elixirs to forcefully build their realms.

Zhuo Yi had his own abilities.

Wang Ling had never denied this.

So in some sense, he did feel that his disciple was an outstanding person.

...

When Zhuo Yi came in, the Wang family's small villa wasn't the least bit ruffled... Although Number 60 High had already sent Father Wang and Mother Wang a text saying that a teacher would be sent to pay them a visit and to talk about some negative news surrounding Number 60 High recently, Father Wang and Mother Wang, sitting on the sofa, were relieved after they found out that it was Zhuo Yi who would be coming.

Since Wang Ling started school, the couple hadn't even gone to any of the parent-teacher conferences; Lord Thunder had gone to the most recent one in their place.

Hence, when they heard that they would be meeting the teacher, they had felt a little nervous, but after seeing that it was Zhuo Yi...

They both jumped up from the sofa.

Mother Wang: "I'm going to go cook..."

Father Wang: "I'm going to go type!"

Wang Ling: "..."

Zhuo Yi: "..."

When Mother Wang reached the kitchen, she didn't forget to give Zhuo Yi a look. "Little Zhuo, stay tonight and have something to eat."

Honestly speaking, Zhuo Yi was a little moved in his heart; this was purely being treated as one of their own.

Wang Ling placed the technique which he had specially tailor-made for Zhuo Yi in his room on the table. The name of this technique was "Thirty-Three Paths to Vitality," which was a minor technique derived from a branch of a branch of a great Heavenly Dao... Even so, it went without saying how valuable this technique was.

If this technique were to be classified according to Sky, Earth, Black, or Yellow, it would definitely belong to the Sky category since it had a connection to Heavenly Dao.

Moreover, this technique couldn't be bought in the outside world.

This was because what Wang Ling was giving to Zhuo Yi was a technique that was specially tailored to Zhuo Yi's abilities. With this technique, Zhuo Yi's initial cultivation base would advance very rapidly, as the "Thirty-Three Paths to Vitality" itself was a method for increasing the circulation of spirit energy inside the body. This circulation of spirit energy was like a person's metabolism: the faster the spirit energy circulated, the faster the innovation of a person's realm.

Zhuo Yi had never ever expected his shifu to actually give him such a big gift when he came to visit him today.

His hands trembled when he accepted the little exercise book from Wang Ling... though the packaging of this technique looked a little simple and crude, this was the type of exercise book which students used, and the name of this technique was also unpretentiously noted down in the "Course" box of the exercise book.

However, when the exercise book was opened...

Zhuo Yi could clearly see the points of note in cultivating this technique as well as the most detailed explanations for the various sections in the exercise book.

And most important of all was that Wang Ling had written all this by hand!

This thing was so precious that Zhuo Yi trembled all over with excitement and almost passed out on the spot with his tongue hanging out.

At that moment, Zhuo Yi deeply felt that shouldering that wok all these years hadn't been in vain. Sure enough, if he followed shifu Wang Ling, he would have meat to eat!

Of course, Zhuo Yi didn't expect his shifu to throw even more bombs at him!

After receiving the little notebook with the technique recorded in it, Zhuo Yi immediately saw Wang Ling open a second exercise book, which was filled with writings on various magic artifacts...

Zhuo Yi was startled. What did this mean?

Out of so many magic artifacts, was he allowed to choose one?

Joker and joker!

This was a Rocket1!!

1(In the card game "Fight the Landlord," a colored joker and black-and-white joker combo can beat everything else in the game.) ...

While Zhuo Yi paid the Wang family a "home visit"...

At the same time elsewhere, a lot of people sighed in the military tent.

Their Demon Hunters Association this time had unexpectedly lost three overseas returnee generals one after another... Elder Ji Xing, as the chief commander of this revenge plan, indeed had to shoulder the blame for this. But in the end, he would have to wait until the end of the operation tomorrow before he could find President Bai and beg for forgiveness.

Their main concern right now was tomorrow's master plan, and then they had to figure out how to organize for people to take Elder Yaren back.

Elder Ji Xing speculated that Elder Yaren was now in a half-dead, half-alive state, which would account for his twinkling soul mark.

Now, not including that Elder Mingren whose Nine-Tails was still undergoing psychological treatment and adding in Elder Ji Xing, there were only eleven people left of the Demon Hunters Association's available combat force in the military tent...

Elder Ji Xing dropped his forehead into his hand and felt that this wasn't just any ordinary headache...

"A drink can solve a thousand worries; why don't we all have a drink?"

At this time, Elder Nanco suggested, "Didn't Sonico happen to bring some croquettes back? We can eat them with wine. Let's toast Elder Poisonous Dragon and Elder Yin to comfort their spirits..."





Chapter 679 An Upgraded Version Of Zhuo Yi


"Thirty-Three Paths to Vitality"- Zhuo Yi opened the exercise book and read what his shifu Wang Ling had written with his own hand. The explanations for the technique were simply far more detailed than that of a textbook. While "Thirty-Three Paths to Vitality" itself was a very small branch of magic, it still came under the Three Thousand Great Spells that were imprinted in Wang Ling's mind like "instinct" as he grew older.

This technique actually wasn't very useful to Wang Ling himself, but it was tremendously helpful to Zhuo Yi! In addition to increasing the circulation of spirit energy, this technique enabled spirit energy to be stored in reserve in the body's golden core. These reserves were like a water reservoir which could be sluiced opened to release spirit energy any time there was an urgent need for it.

Although he had only roughly skimmed through it so far, Zhuo Yi was already deeply impressed by the power of this technique... As far as the Golden Core stage was concerned, there was no other similar technique on the market that was more essential or suitable for his cultivation.

It could be only said that this was just like his shifu!

Zhuo Yi suddenly felt that shamelessly asking to be taken on as a disciple back then had truly been the right choice.

In addition to this technique, Zhuo Yi also saw something else, which was the array of magic artifacts in Wang Ling's second book!

At long last... besides long johns, he could also get other protective magic treasures!

Zhuo Yi couldn't help but be excited. The magic artifacts listed in the second exercise book had been carefully selected by Wang Ling. These were the most suitable magic artifacts for Zhuo Yi at this stage... Furthermore, they were all basically life-saving magic treasures.

The first magic artifact on the first page was the highly recommended Nine Thousand Lightning Movement Boots.

Seeing this, Zhuo Yi was in a daze. "..." The name of these boots seemed a little familiar to him for some reason!

Did these boots have anything to do with "Three Thousand Lightning Movement1"?

1(A battle skill in the series "Battle Through The Heavens.") It wasn't just the boots, of course; following it were Daoist robes, undergarments and so forth in different styles, and even briefs!

Zhuo Yi: "..."

Wang Ling stared at Zhuo Yi and raised an eyebrow slightly to indicate that Zhuo Yi could choose whatever he liked... Once Zhuo Yi had decided, Wang Ling would look for the Heavenly Dao again to trade for materials and then create the artifact based on the formula in Eight Classes of Divine Weapons.

Because he truly couldn't find anyone more suitable than Zhuo Yi to carry the wok for him...

Hence, Zhuo Yi had to be protected!

This disciple was cheap, but in order for him to stand firm, Wang Ling had already decided to outfit him in the most expensive kit. From now on, Zhuo Yi was no long Zhuo Yi... but an upgraded Zhuo Yi!

...

While Zhuo Yi was choosing his defense gear, Father Wang was fighting his own battle. Actually, this incident happened not long ago, and it was a really rotten and infuriating thing.

Father Wang found out that the love song "The Starry Sky's Language of Love" which he had written for Mother Wang had been plagiarized by a popular online live streamer. The other party had secretly downloaded the song and then reuploaded it to his own homepage, claiming that it was his own work, and even openly lip-synced to it. The most important thing was that his fans actually enthusiastically applauded it and didn't think it was fishy at all.

Father Wang was incredibly furious. He had written this song for Mother Wang! And most crucially, it was clearly Lord Thunder's own voice in the song, so how could it be stolen like this?

Father Wang was very puzzled by this operation no matter how he thought about it.

Online wars were everywhere these days. Previously, Father Wang had only torn into those anti-fans on the novel platform, utterly fearless! Now that the battlefield had moved to a live streaming platform, Father Wang felt a little bewildered.

So, after the incident developed, Father Wang's first reaction was to ask his novel fan group for help.

While there was a hidden big shot in the fan group who had lurked there for years and sent him cigars and helped vie for monthly votes, this thing had only just happened, so Father Wang didn't want to ask him to help out right away.

Mm, this was mainly because Father Wang wanted to test how fierce the rest of his fans were...

The song he had written for his wife had been plagiarized; if he didn't so much as make a peep about it, would he still be human?!

Thus, Father Wang released an official announcement in his fan group: "Concerning live streamer 'Singers Institute' under the banner of 'Shadow Fool Guild' on Langya Broadcasting, our attitude is... no tolerance! Please lend me your support!"

2("Singers Institute" is the Weibo account of the lip-syncing live streamer "Shadow Entertainment - Dean" on Huya Broadcasting's platform.) "What? Wang Situ's song was stolen? Is it that latest song 'The Starry Sky's Language of Love'?"

"That's right, it's a song Brother Wang Situ wrote for sister-in-law, he wrote the lyrics. But this shameless live streamer stole it and even said it was his own song! Look, I still have a video..."

Several fans promptly replied below. Father Wang was taken aback - he had only just posted today, but why did so many people already know about it? And the scariest thing was that someone actually had a recording!

Father Wang instantly replied in the group, "Bro, you're amazing..."

The fan immediately answered, "When I heard the song back then, it sounded so familiar... then I immediately realized it was Brother Wang Situ's song! At that time I even still wondered how the live streamer could sound just like the original when he sang; the feel and vibrato were one hundred percent identical, which was too miraculous! After that, I gave this live streamer a thousand HNY to sing it again, and this time I recorded it!"

After that, the fan group instantly exploded...

"Holy shit... bro, you're amazing!"

"Awesome, awesome!"

"Then this is evidence, right? It's practically ironclad proof!"

Father Wang nodded. "This video can indeed be used as evidence, but for now it's not enough. We need to find a professional agency to do an audio comparison. In addition to this, what I've learned here is that this live streamer has a previous record of offenses - he was exposed last year for lip-syncing and plagiarizing songs."

"Then what is Great Wang Situ's opinion?"

Father Wang sent a clip of a "slitting the throat" gesture.

He then sent a string of words to the group: "Fuck him over!"

Everyone: "..."

Father Wang: "He does a lot of lip-syncing videos in his live stream room. You can use a music software's voice recognition function to compare his lip-syncing videos with the original singer, then record this guy lip-syncing and send the video to me with the original music. I'll find someone to evaluate them in one go!"

At that time, someone asked, "Ah ah ah? Is there a reward?"

Everyone was shocked. "!!!"

Sure enough!

This had to be the power of love!





Chapter 680 The Death-Courting Path of a Death-Courting Live Streamer


It was true what they said: "If you don't look for trouble, you won't find it." Some were born to live, while some were born to die. This live streamer "Singers Institute" had a prior record of stealing and lip-syncing songs, and he was up to his old tricks of deceiving audiences again, which really raised one's hackles. But even then there was a bunch of viewers who were still fooled into continually sending him gifts of support.

This reminded Father Wang of a skit called "Selling Crutches 1 "- it turned out there really were people in this world who would still help the other party count the money even after being cheated... they were careless and had been duped by this villainous live streamer into believing they were lame.

1(From China's 2001 Spring Festival Gala, where a man is tricked into believing he's lame so that he will buy a pair of crutches.) Actually, it wasn't like Father Wang didn't understand the behavior of these fans. It was obvious that most of them were diehard supporters of their "idols." In reality, they were probably stubborn fanatics who wouldn't be willing to admit that they had followed the wrong idol.

In the majority of cases where one looked for and obtained a hammer 2 , or learning from the example of the brother from C Station 3 , it was the idols who ultimately paid the price for their fans' behavior.

2(This is a literal translation of the online catchphrase 求锤得锤, which refers to a phenomenon, usually in the entertainment industry, of someone spreading news and only releasing evidence to support it after calls are made for them to do so.)

3(Referring to pro gamer and live streamer Lu Benwei who was blacklisted by the CCTV program "Focus Report.") When idols were unwilling to admit their mistakes in particular, the fans' diehard defense of them was even more frightening.

By lip-syncing "The Starry Sky's Language of Love" in the live stream room, this live streamer gained a tremendous increase in his number of fans. Father Wang had yet to officially make this song public. Although it had already been uploaded onto a music platform, the MV was in fact still being made and the song was still listed as "to be released" on the platform.

Father Wang had only posted the audio in his fan group.

But he hadn't expected this audio to actually be deliberately filched by this live streamer.

Mm... This was where the live streamer had run into the worst luck. This live streamer "Singers Institute" who stole songs probably never thought that this online song, which couldn't be found through an online search, would be the work of a guru in the authors circle who had written it for his own wife.

Now, this live streamer was about to face a bombardment from Father Wang, who was going to attack Pingan county to save his wife Xiuqin 4 ...

4(Referring to the wife of Li Yunlong, the protagonist of the novel 'Drawing Sword,' who was captured by Japanese soldiers, and so Li Yunlong gathered the troops to attack Pingan county to save her ..) ...

At six o'clock in the evening, the live streamer "Singers Institute" was about to start live streaming on Langya Broadcasting Platform.

Langya Broadcasting Platform was a live streaming platform that was about to be listed. Not only did it have a large number of fans, it also had a considerable number of daily live users. Of course, it was still a level lower than the Cultivation Broadcasting Network which Daoist Guang was on and which was recognized as the best live streaming platform on the whole Internet.

However, most of what the Cultivation Broadcasting Network offered were outdoor and game programs. Singing couldn't take off at all on this live streaming network. In contrast, Langya Broadcasting Platform's entertainment enterprise flourished.

Both platforms had their own distinguishing features, which were also points of competition between them.

When Father Wang had writer's block, he usually liked to watch live streams for inspiration. That funny female live streamer Little Xuan from before was on the Cultivation Broadcasting Network. Although Father Wang had his own "bigwig" account on almost all of the live streaming platforms, he spent the most time and gifts on the Cultivation Broadcasting Network.

The battle this time was at Langya Broadcasting Platform. To be honest, Father Wang really didn't know what to do at first... After all, the enemy's battlefield was different!

But his fans pooled their knowledge and strength together, which gave him a lot of confidence.

Before he started live streaming that night, this live streamer put on a half-mask as usual to cover the top half of his face. It made him look slightly mysterious, and the mask also covered his bulbous nose and its sunken bridge.

After putting on the mask, Yang Zhong looked at himself in the mirror in front of him. His entire being and even his energy seemed different; he instantly straightened and radiated lively vigor.

It was as if this mask could bury all of his hypocrisy, vanity and corrupt spirit to achieve a psychological brainwashing effect.

No one knew what kind of person this little brother, who looked pretty good with the half-mask on, was; no one also knew how ugly his appearance was behind the mask.

Before the live stream officially started, Yang Zhong used his own live streaming account "Singers Institute" to check the background stats.

He had lip-synced the song "The Starry Sky's Language of Love" in front of the camera the day before yesterday; checking the background stats today, he never thought his overall numbers would shoot up, with his fans increasing by thirty thousand! And one thousand more subscriptions! The most important thing was the gifts from the live stream room - his gains from lip-syncing this song was actually more than what he usually earned in a month!

It had just been a few days!

Staring at the background stats, Yang Zhong couldn't help but feel thrilled.

Before even going on the computer today, these stats already put him in a good mood.

Just as he was about to start live streaming, he received a call from the guild.

This was a phone call from Lang Bei, the president of the Shadow Fool Guild which Yang Zhong belonged to. As soon as Yang Zhong picked up the phone, President Lang Bei smiled broadly from ear to ear. "Little Yang, beautifully done! You actually earned three hundred thousand after your performance the day before yesterday! More than you make in a month!"

"Ha ha ha!" Yang Zhong laughed. "I accidentally stumbled onto this audio, and it sounded very similar to the stand-in singer I found before! The audio file was titled 'The Starry Sky's Language of Love,' but I couldn't find this song when I did an online search. It was probably some singer who dropped it accidentally..."

"That's great! Since it hasn't been uploaded on any other platform, let's release it and say it's ours!"

"Sounds good! In any case, since it hasn't been released, even if someone wants to say something in the end, we have the advantage since we got there first!"

"Mm, now that we have the advantage with this song, our priority should be to look for a record company to release it. No one can charge us!" Yang Zhong smiled sinisterly in his heart. In this current era of fan economies, it was too easy to make a profit off fans, which made him incomparably happy.

He had earned a lot in these two days. Moreover, he had a very strong feeling that he was going to become hot!

He had been live streaming for so many years, but he had never had such a strong premonition like today...

After the phone call, Yang Zhong sat back in position, turned on the camera, and turned the beauty function up to the highest setting. He then adjusted the angle of the Crazy Mike so that it blocked his Adam's apple, because his throat hardly moved when he was lip-syncing; if his whole neck was exposed, it would be very easy for people to suspect something.

"I wonder how much money I'll make today?"

Smiling slightly, Yang Zhong clicked the "Start Broadcast" button.

As expected, numbers in the live stream room started to soar.

Then he looked at the bullet screen.

"Net friend" Captain of Wang Situ's Demolition Squad: Light incense!

"Net friend" Sergeant of Wang Situ's Demolition Squad: Light incense, light incense! The live streamer is already done for!

"Net friend" Company Commander of Wang Situ's Demolition Squad: Light license warning!

"Net friend" Regiment Commander of Wang Situ's Demolition Squad: A toast of sweet potato wine to comfort the spirit of the deceased live streamer...

...

Yang Zhong: "???"





Chapter 681 Shameless Singers Institute


What was going on?

Yang Zhong didn't expect to be attacked by a "water army" as soon as he started live streaming today. The question was, where did this water army come from? Were the guild battles starting again?

In the live streaming industry, guild battles were very common, especially in the entertainment circle on live streaming platforms. In order to consolidate their strength, each guild frequently signed on many singers to create a team, and it wasn't uncommon for different teams of singers to wrestle each other behind the scenes.

Shadow Fool Guild had a lot of rival guilds in the Langya Broadcasting circle, so Yang Zhong guessed that the other guilds were most likely envious of the profit he had made from his live stream yesterday, and hence had hired a water army to attack him.

Wang Situ? Who was Wang Situ? Was there this kind of singer? He had never heard of him!

Just as Yang Zhong was feeling very confused, that President Lang Bei also sent some news in the chat group: numbers in the live stream room had grown abnormally large, and the spectators squatting in the live stream room before the start of the broadcast had already surpassed tens of thousands. A hired water army was usually only made up of several hundred people, and they were the only ones who would repeatedly spam the bullet screen with malicious comments... everything would be fine as long as they were all blocked.

But now, the live stream room was besieged by thousands and thousands of people!

Like Li Yunlong's battle formation when he attacked Pingan county...

Then the question was, who on earth was this Wang Situ?

In the chat group, Lang Bei asked anxiously, "What's going on, who is this Wang Situ?"

Under the mask, Yang Zhong frowned. A bead of cold sweat rolled down his cheek, and he swiftly replied, "I took a look at the bullet screen just now; I'm guessing it's probably the fans of the original owner of that audio who've come to demolish our live stream room1."

1(In an online context, a "demolition squad" refers to users who spam the screen with bullet messages.) Hearing this, Lang Bei was shocked. "Such a coincidence?" They had only just talked about the audio before the start of the live stream, and after hanging up, President Lang Bei had already specially arranged for a record company to give this song a limited release online.

The number of online users in the live stream room continued to climb, breaking half a million in five minutes, and Yang Zhong suddenly started to panic. "What should I do now?" He was just a small live streamer. Because he couldn't sing, he relied on buying raw vocals off other people and lip-syncing them to attract fans. Yang Zhong did think that he might be exposed one day, but he didn't expect that day to come so soon.

In the face of such huge momentum, he felt a little overwhelmed...

"For now, calm your fans down in the live stream room. Ban what should be banned. I'll arrange for someone to upload the song as soon as possible. Since it's never been released online, if we release it first, we'll have the upper hand."

President Lang Bei thought of countermeasures. "Didn't we have a singer who always helped us before? Contact him and ask him to sing this song raw, then record it... lip-sync it in the live stream room; remember to act more like you're the one singing it, don't get caught with your pants down."

Yang Zhong nodded. "Alright."

After talking with President Lang Bei, Yang Zhong got in touch with the singer who had lip-synced for him. He had been flustered just now and had almost forgotten this trump card.

This singer was none other than that online celebrity singer Tang Youning who became famous after singing "Old Boys," the vagrant singer whom Wang Ling had helped out at Boss Tan's Midnight Dining Hall!

"Brother Tang? I have a song here, can you sing it raw?" Yang Zhong sent a message to Tang Youning.

On the other end, Tang Youning fell silent when he once again received Yang Zhong's message.

After a while, he typed one word: "Again?"

Yang Zhong thought for a moment before replying, "Brother Tang, this really is the last time... I'm not going to sing anymore. I'm going to switch to becoming a talk show live streamer. You know what my family situation is like, my father is bedridden, my mother died shortly after I was born... I still have a brother at home, I need to pay his school fees! We've known each other for a while, can't you help me out one last time?"

Tang Youning was silent.

"But when you were exposed before, you already vowed to all your viewers and fans that you wouldn't steal songs and lip-sync anymore. Were those words... all fake?"

"Brother Tang! Your voice is really very similar to the singer of this audio I found recently. As long as we don't say anything, no one will know! This really is the last time!"

Yang Zhong knew that this was very important. If Tang Youning didn't help him this time, his career in entertainment was over!

Apologize? Impossible... He had already apologized once in the previous incident. He clearly remembered saying to the audience that from then on, all the songs he performed in his live stream would be his own, that he wouldn't use another artist's music, that he wouldn't let those who liked him down anymore, that he wasn't a hypocrite...

If something went wrong today and he had to bow to pressure and apologize again, his future path would be destroyed... Although he had already contacted Tang Youning before and said that he wouldn't bother him anymore, Yang Zhong now genuinely felt that he was already at the end of his rope with no way out.

"Brother Tang, you have to help me with this!" Yang Zhong pleaded again. "I know you're riding the momentum now, but Brother Tang... Remember, when you were a vagrant singer back then, I especially helped you out financially. Also, I kept some screenshots of our previous deals."

Tang Youning laughed. "Are you threatening me?"

Yang Zhong: "No... I'm not threatening you... I'm begging you..."

Tang Youning grit his teeth. "Back then, it was because I knew your family situation was difficult, and I didn't have any money, which was why I chose to help you! If I really wanted your money, I would have directly asked for half of your live stream profits instead of selling that raw vocal to you for fifty HNY!"

Tang Youning was really furious as he never thought Yang Zhong would actually threaten him like this.

Yang Zhong had relied on Tang Youning's voice to trend on the Internet and to gain popularity and fans... now, Yang Zhong actually didn't hesitate to threaten him with records of their previous transactions if Tang Youning didn't continue helping him trick the audience.

This type of person actually existed in the world?

Tang Youning was so angry that he directly closed the chat window and then turned off his phone!

He had many benefactors, but Yang Zhong wasn't one of them!

For Tang Youning, his benefactors were Boss Tan, who owned Midnight Dining Hall, and that youngster and his father who had sold him a song for cheap...

But now Tang Youning had been dragged deep into the mud because of Yang Zhong.

From the moment Yang Zhong had threatened him, Tang Youning realized that things couldn't go on like this.

He had to step forward to uncover the true identity of this hypocrite... and get more people to see the repulsive face under that mask!





Chapter 682 Fan Group's Battle Strength


Tang Youning had already endured this for a long time. He had always indulged Yang Zhong, but in the end never expected the other party to turn into someone who only knew how to take advantage of him; that was something Tang Youning could never accept nor forgive.

Tang Youning had heard the story "The Farmer and the Snake" many times, but never imagined it would actually happen to him one day.

Yang Zhong had almost driven him crazy in the last few months. This wasn't the first time Yang Zhong had humbly begged him for help, but it was the first time he was using blackmail to get Tang Youning to help him deceive viewers. Tang Youning felt that he was so stupid for actually helping this type of person.

He got up from his computer and went to look in the mirror. His face looked tired, and he had a scruffy beard and messy hair... he was already very different from that Tang Youning who had made a pure living on the streets as a vagrant singer.

This wasn't what Tang Youning wanted, and he had turned into what he had once hated the most...

After the song "Old Boys" became popular, Tang Youning suffered and struggled constantly in his heart because of Yang Zhong, and it felt like he hadn't left the house in a long time.

But just now, Tang Youning had found the answer.

He shaved off his beard with a small razor, then trimmed his hair until it was an inch long.

He then turned on his cell phone and dialed his manager's number. "Brother Tian? I've seen the light..."

Hearing this, his manager was dazed before he breathed a long sigh of relief. "That's great!"

"Mm, I've decided to expose him."

"Good! That's the best thing to do!" This "Brother Tian" nodded. "I've never had a good impression of this Singers Institute... Singing everyday with an SM half-mask on, as if he's giving a philosophical1 performance!"

1(http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/people/billy-herrington-gachimuchi/) Tang Youning: "..."

...

Elsewhere, the fans from Father Wang's fan group were sending complaints one after another in the first wave on the frontline of battle. Many fans had been extremely indignant when they heard that Father Wang's "The Starry Sky's Language of Love" had been stolen, and they organized teams to go blow up the live stream room one after another. Quite a number of people had signed up for several accounts, and while these ones weren't piling on the abuse, they were directly banned for seven days by the administrator just for asking whether or not the live streamer was in the habit of stealing songs.

The fan group was now grumbling that the enemy's fans were too terrible and ferocious in their defense of the live streamer.

It was true what was said about a person's fans being like them. Father Wang had looked up the live streamer's profile previously. After he was caught lip-syncing last year, the live streamer had at first refused to admit it, no matter what, but in the end he couldn't withstand the pressure of public opinion and had been forced to apologize to everyone.

And as someone who had already gone through such an experience, this Singers Institute's skin was probably even thicker than city walls now; it would be pointless for Father Wang to simply enter the other party's live stream room to challenge him.

Father Wang opened "Singers Institute's" live stream room. When he had seen it yesterday, the number of people online had been about thirty thousand, but after making this matter public in his fan group earlier, it was now about to break six hundred thousand.

Haha, in the end, his fans' battle strength was formidable!

Father Wang was very cheerful and skimmed the live stream room's bullet screen in passing.

Several fans with the tag "Dean" defended him one after another: "How can our Dean possibly lip-sync? Otherwise, how can you explain his raw vocal before? Don't tell me that was also lip-syncing? Don't mislead new viewers!"

Father Wang: "..."

"So what if he lip-syncs? The reason I like Dean is because I like watching how fancy he is when he hits on girls. I don't listen to him sing! What does lip-syncing and stealing songs have to do with me? La la la I'm not listening to you!"

Father Wang: "..."

"Why is there such a big water army today? With all due respect, who does this Wang Situ think he is? I've never heard of this singer at all. Is he trying to freeload off our Dean's popularity?"

The corner of Father Wang's lips already couldn't help twitching. "..." Really, this was going too far!

Did a grand, top-class guru on the Cultivation Chinese Network like him need to ride off some small singer's popularity?

But what made Father Wang even more speechless was what happened after.

At that time, the administrator typed on the public screen: "Dean's throat is a little uncomfortable today, so he won't be singing in his live stream. He'll take it easy for a bit and chat with everyone. If there are any songs you want to listen to, you can also leave a message first on the public screen. I'll note them down, and Dean will perform them in later live streams to make it up to everyone."

This was clearly a delay tactic.

Because there were too many viewers in the live stream room now, the other party was worried that he would give the game away if he sang in front of so many people. If his trick was seen through again, he definitely wouldn't be able to defend himself.

Hence, Father Wang could conclude that the other side was definitely using this method to fob off today's live stream and to take his time considering his next move once he got offline.

But the most terrible thing was, these fans in the live stream room actually believed it.

"Cry cry cry, Great Dean, rest well. I love hearing you sing!"

"If your throat's not good, don't sing, we understand!"

"God! Great Dean's throat was kissed by an angel! It will definitely be alright! Drink more hot water!"

...

Looking at the bullet screen, Father Wang almost spat out a mouthful of thick blood.

So many fans had been deceived!

Even if his song hadn't been stolen, Father Wang felt that he would still need to address this issue and couldn't allow this kind of person to continue getting away with what he was doing.

Less than ten seconds after he said that, a fan called "Distressed Eggs" replied: "Yang Zhong, male, 176cm, mobile number 139188XXXXX, address: Lane 872, Yunmen West Road, Songhai city..."

"WTF, Brother Egg, did you dox him?" a lot of fans in the group exclaimed in surprise.

It was only in that moment that Father Wang realized that there really were other big shots hiding in his fan group...

It hadn't been long, but even the address had been uncovered!

As the rest of his fans sighed emotionally over Brother Egg's battle strength, Brother Egg responded very modestly, "This is the most I can do; I actually also have his ID and whatnot, but it wouldn't be very nice for me to give that out. Let's not call this number to harass him; let's wait for our great lord to contact this live streamer first and see how it goes."

"OK!"

"No problem."

Many people in the fan group responded in the next moment.

At that time, someone asked a question: "But Brother Egg, how did you find all this out? Do you have particular resources?"

"That is naturally a secret." This "Brother Egg" smiled. "It's mainly because I'm used to doing regular investigations - I have a nephew who always comes now and then to ask me all kinds of things..."

"Nephew?"

"That's right, his surname is Guo, and he's still in senior high."

"..."





Chapter 683 Silent Heavenly Dao


It was a full hour since the start of the live stream, and thousands of people had already been banned from "Singers Institute's" live stream room. Two administrators with the nicknames "Mr Li" and "Zhang Fei" banned anyone who mentioned the keywords "lip-sync" or "piracy" for seven days, regardless of the actual situation; even some of the live streamer's fans who carried his tags suffered the same treatment when they came asking about the situation.

Father Wang stared at the live stream room, speechless and helpless.

Yet this live streamer didn't seem flustered at all. The black half-mask completely and neatly hid the subtle changes in his expressions. Father Wang now seemed to understand why the live streamer wore a mask in his live stream - it was because he had no face at all!

After a little over an hour, Father Wang started to see Yang Zhong interact with the fans in the live stream room: "It turns out everyone thinks that this song 'The Starry Sky's Language of Love' sounds good? In fact..."

Father Wang thought this guy had finally gotten a conscience and was going to apologize; who knew he would abruptly go the other way: "In fact, the song is well written, and I sing it well! Right! As the original singer of this song, my singing is really too outstanding!"

Father Wang: "..."

"Oh, by the way, I'm about to upload this song to a music platform. When the time comes, I hope everyone will download 'Singers Institute's Record.' Currently, no version of this song exists on the Internet because I haven't uploaded it yet. After we upload the record later on, I hope everyone will download it in support. If you like it, click 'Follow' or 'Favorite,' then comment on it! It'll be on NetEase Cloud Music! You just need to search directly for 'The Starry Sky's Language of Love'!"

After hearing this, Father Wang felt the urge to smash his keyboard for the first time ever.

He didn't feel like this even when he had writer's block, but after hearing the other side shamelessly dupe the audience, Father Wang was truly enraged... He was stunned and couldn't understand how a person could be so thick-skinned!

The most important thing was that this guy actually wanted to upload the song ahead of him. This guy had to be crazy... This was outright infringement!

Next to Father Wang, Lie Mengmeng was also surprised when he saw this. "If this person does this, we'll probably sue him, wouldn't we?"

"We definitely will!"

Father Wang said, "This song's copyright belongs to me. What he's done is an act of theft... Worse still, it's for commercial use. If a tremendous amount of money is involved, he might be put away for several years. But I don't think he's brave enough to do it on his own; it's probably the guild behind this person that's helping him out."

Lie Mengmeng nodded. "I think so too. This person seems quite young, and is unlikely to have the guts to do it himself."

Furthermore, how many people had already been banned?

In Lie Mengmeng's eyes, the two administrators in the live stream room were already no different from lunatics... Basically, they were the type to ban people right away regardless of the actual situation; whether you were a passerby asking a question or a fan looking for an explanation, as long as you raised this issue, you would be banned.

When Lie Mengmeng had opened an account to comment in the live stream room before, he had just typed a question mark and was immediately banned for seven days.

"Really, I've never seen such a shameless person before." Lie Mengmeng gave a heartfelt sigh

"That's right, this type of disavowal tactic is truly shameless. Compared with my delayed chapter updates and extraneous words, I'm simply a pure white lotus..."

Lie Mengmeng: "..."

This case of copyright infringement wasn't over yet; Father Wang knew that he needed to get even tougher. The important thing right now was to continue collecting evidence of the other party's violation of copyright and go through the relevant certification procedure for the copyright of "The Starry Sky's Language of Love" as soon as possible.

Since Father Wang had decided not to use that big big big big shot behind him, this battle was destined to be drawn-out slightly longer than the ones before, and it was going to be a battle that revolved around fans from different circles. Live stream fans vs novel fans... which side was stronger? Father Wang was looking forward to finding out.

Elsewhere, Zhuo Yi had already picked out a whole kit for himself. The shoes, coats, undergarments, socks and even the briefs he would be wearing were all genuine magic treasures; most crucially, he had never heard of them before. It could only be said that it was just like shifu to walk an extraordinary path... even the magic treasures he used weren't the same as the ones on the market.

You could now search the ranking of basically every magic treasure on a relevant magic treasure app, but there wasn't any information at all on these magic weapons from Wang Ling. He had picked them from the original Eight Classes of Divine Weapons text; the book that was sold on the market was the incomplete version, and a lot of the data it contained was too lacking to be inputted into the software app.

As a result, the magic treasures from the original Eight Classes of Divine Weaponscouldn't be found in the online magic treasures software.

After Zhuo Yi was done picking out the magic treasures he wanted, Wang Ling silently noted them down, then took back the exercise book. He would give this exercise book to the Heavenly Dao later in exchange for the materials to make the magic treasures.

Moreover, Wang Ling had deliberately used very elaborate writing inside the exercise book in order to exchange it for a larger amount of materials.

Since he would be making more magic treasures this time, Wang Ling felt the materials might still not be enough.

He wondered if the Heavenly Dao accepted copies...

Wang Ling pondered this, chin in hand.

Heavenly Dao: "..."

...

It was July 25th on Tuesday in the fourteenth week of the semester.

Today was the day the overseas returnee elites of the Demon Hunters Association had organized to attack Number 60 High, but the school was as calm as always.

At the pancake stall in front of the school gate, Uncle Qiu still enthusiastically served the students early in the morning. As the old man who sold Chinese pancakes in front of Number 60 High's gate all year long, he heard most of the rumors of Number 60 High.

As Chen Chao passed by, he bought a pancake and put five yuan into the money box next to the old man's cart. "Here you go, uncle!"

"Got it, just leave it there." Uncle Qiu nodded and then very proficiently poured out a layer of batter on the pancake cart, spread it evenly, and directly cracked two eggs on it.

Chen Chao: "Uncle, I gave you money for one egg..."

Uncle Qiu: "It's fine, it's a promo today, buy one and get one free."

Chen Chao: "... By the by, uncle, do you know that a bunch of criminals have declared that they're going to attack our school today?"

Uncle Qiu raised his eyebrows. "Do you mean the Demon Hunters Association?"

Chen Chao nodded. "That's right! The Demon Hunters Association. Aren't you scared, uncle? You're so close to the school, what if you get pulled into it?"

Uncle Qiu: "There's nothing to be afraid of; I've been selling pancakes in front of your school gate for so many years, there aren't any demons and ghosts I haven't seen."

Chen Chao: "..."

This was indeed true. Uncle Qiu had been selling pancakes at Number 60 High's front gate for many years, and seniors from the previous years presumably had all seen him. Most importantly, almost everyone at Number 60 High had bought Uncle Qiu's pancakes before. Old Li at the school gate especially loved to eat them!

Uncle Qiu: "That Shadow Stream group that came to pick a fight with your school a few months ago - isn't the grass on their graves taller than a man now?"

Chen Chao: "..."





Chapter 684 The Demon Hunters Association's Attack?


Anyone at Number 60 High could see that Uncle Qiu had already been there for a long time. This was an uncle who had witnessed Number 60 High's history of hardships. Some said that one of the reasons why Number 60 High could stand firm in the face of so many disasters was Uncle Qiu.

In fact, there had been no shortage of legends about Uncle Qiu all these years. In Number 60 High's Tieba circle, at least, there were numerous legends about him. Many people thought that Uncle Qiu was a hidden expert with a mysterious identity. Moreover, there were several times when people had even seen Uncle Qiu crack eggs in the shape of the yin yang symbol when he was making pancakes...

This was precisely why legends about Uncle Qiu popped up one after another, and they could be found online.

Wang Ling hadn't attended this school for long, but he had also already eaten Uncle Qiu's pancakes. Furthermore, they were currently the best thing Wang Ling felt that he had ever eaten apart from crispy noodle snacks. The point was that this five-yuan pancake had plenty of filling, which included sweet sauce, chili, egg, crackers, youtiao, tenderloin, sausage and anything else.

When Wang Ling arrived at school that morning, he happened to see Chen Chao buying a pancake, so after thinking about it, he also took out five yuan to buy one.

"Wang Ling! Are you also buying a pancake?" Chen Chao greeted him as he chewed on his freshly made pancake.

Today, Uncle Qiu had a special "buy one egg and get one free" offer. Just like when he had made the pancake for Chen Chao earlier, he directly cracked two eggs... in the end, four eggs yolks came out! Both these eggs were actually double-yolked!

Wang Ling: "..."

Uncle Qiu was stunned, and so was Chen Chao... What kind of operation was this?!

Uncle Qiu laughed. "This student is pretty lucky!"

After spreading out the pancake, Uncle Qiu asked, "Student, do you want youtiao or crackers?"

Wang Ling took out a crispy noodle snack packet from his pocket and opened it, then divided the contents in half before giving one portion to Uncle Qiu.

Uncle Qiu: "..."

...

The morning at Number 60 High today was more peaceful than expected.

It had already been a whole night since word of the Demon Hunters Association's planned attack had broken yesterday. Last night, Number 60 High had sent out a lot of teachers to make emergency home visits and to do a lot of coordinating and to appease parents. Even then, there were still one or two parents who decided that their children would take a leave of absence and so didn't attend school today.

As for how many parents would choose to transfer their children out after this incident, this wasn't something Wang Ling couldn't calculate. He had chosen Number 60 High in the very beginning because he wanted to live a peaceful study life. This was because in every respect, whether it was the school's location, campus history or overall assessment, Number 60 High in fact seemed very average compared with other ordinary high schools.

But the absurd part was that the things which had happened since the semester started ten or so weeks ago didn't make Number 60 High seem like an average school at all...

Would the Demon Hunters Association's attack proceed smoothly?

Wang Ling thought that this was a question mark.

Because his eyelid warning had already stopped...

...

Elsewhere, Father Wang was still fighting Singers Institute, the live streamer who stole songs, and fans on both sides were blowing the matter up. In addition to the fan viewers who supported Father Wang and were boycotting this thieving live streamer, there was also a key figure who was directly causing this battle to enter a white-hot state.

This person was none other than Daoist Guang who had just become a live streamer and entered the live stream circle in recent weeks.

Daoist Guang was the all-round big brother on the Cultivation Broadcasting platform. He had amassed millions of fans in a few short weeks, directly creating a new record in the website's history. Now, as long as Daoist Guang started live streaming, he would hit over ten million views in less than ten minutes.

Why was Daoist Guang so popular? While timing and luck played a role, another factor was that his island was something he had created himself and he could come up with all sorts of new material for a survival broadcast series to live stream to the audience every day. He could even create bogus spirit beasts on the island out of clay to bring out the best in the program.

It was very normal for a live streamer to create effects for their program to begin with. However, the live streamer should also use their own actual abilities to do so; relying on crooked methods and a mixed bag of tricks in the end wasn't right.

Knowing that Father Wang's song had been infringed, Daoist Guang's attitude was very clear. He directly changed the title of his live stream room to "Langya Broadcasting Platform's 'Shadow Fool - Dean' Stealing and Lip-Syncing Songs!" and even publicly expressed on Weibo how he felt about the issue of stealing and lip-syncing songs - this became the fuse that ignited the whole incident.

Daoist Guang knew that this Senior Wang was Ling Zhenren's father; how could this senior be an ordinary person? Daoist Guang didn't even need to think about it before he sided firmly with Father Wang.

However, he couldn't use this explanation with outsiders. Therefore, after obtaining Father Wang's permission, Daoist Guang directly made public some information.

That was, the person who was currently ranked number one on his fan list with the ID "Has Three Days And Two Sleeps Been Updated," and whom many of the water friends in the live stream room called "Brother Sleep," was the famous guru writer "Wang Situ" himself.

When the news came out, it wasn't just the live stream circle, but the novel circle also exploded.

"Damn, it turns out this guy is Wang Situ?"

"My god... so Wang Situ is Lord Island's fan, too?"

"Haha, that live streamer is finished. Not only did he do Wang Situ wrong, he even offended Lord Island. Wang Situ's given Lord Island so many gifts, their relationship certainly isn't an ordinary one!"

This gave Daoist Guang, as a live streamer on another platform, a better reason for helping to crush that thieving live streamer "Singers Institute."

Nowadays, Daoist Guang was the big brother of the Cultivation Broadcasting platform, while Father Wang was a very famous Internet guru. For these two people to join hands to crush a live streamer was basically a declaration that the live streamer was already done for.

Staring at the screen, Lie Mengmeng sighed. "This person is also obstinate. Wouldn't this have been over if he had apologized early on?"

"You don't understand, some people won't shed tears until they see the coffin." Father Wang sighed. "If you don't believe me, take a look..."

Father Wang opened the live streamer's live stream room to show the other side sitting there as if nothing had happened as he didn't respond at all to the issue of stealing and lip-syncing songs.

"This man really has the nerve..." Lie Mengmeng was speechless.

"He's good at playing dead. He did the same last year and played dead when he ran into trouble. The people slamming him then got tired after some time and slowly stopped investigating. But the problem is that he's never encountered a stubborn enough person." Father Wang laughed. "He dared steal the song I gave to my wife, it looks like this guy doesn't want to live anymore..."

"How do you want to deal with him?" Lie Mengmeng asked.

Father Wang drew his thumb across his throat. "Shut him down."





Chapter 685 President Lang Bei's Little Secretary


That day, Yang Zhong didn't start a live stream, and used the excuse of being sick with the audience in the live stream room to take a break. The administrators in the live stream room, however, didn't take any breaks, and "Mr Li" and "Zhang Fei" continued to ban people. In less than two days, they had banned over ten thousand people who basically were passersby that had found out about the incident through Father Wang.

Online users forever liked to butt in on the action as they looked forward to a show. Although the audiences for novel and live stream circles were different, their ages were similar, so this show was very tantalizing for spectators in both circles.

Yang Zhong knew very well that right now he was in the eye of the storm; it was very important that he didn't admit to stealing songs and to avoid the limelight for a while. This was how he had handled the crisis last year, and it turned out to work pretty well.

But this time, Yang Zhong underestimated the power of Wang Situ, the veteran guru writer on the Cultivation Chinese Network.

After Daoist Guang's support for Wang Situ last night, Yang Zhong already had a feeling it would be very hard for him to free himself of this mess.

"President, what should we do now?" He had no choice but to look for help from Lang Bei. Shadow Fool Guild wasn't a small one, and had signed hundreds of artists, Yang Zhong being one of them.

Yang Zhong always believed that the president would never abandon him so easily. This year, he had drummed up a lot of ill-gotten gains for Shadow Fool by stealing and lip-syncing songs. Moreover, when that mishap had happened last year, it was Shadow Fool who spent several hundred thousand in penalty fees and specially signed him on. Yang Zhong had always felt that this guild cared for him and wouldn't abandon him so easily.

On the other end of the line, the tone of Lang Bei, President of Shadow Fool Guild, wasn't as confident as before.

That was because the two people whom Yang Zhong had offended this time had massive numbers of fans, and they would actually be very difficult to contend with if things continued like this.

President Lang Bei had in fact been weighing the stakes before he picked up the phone.

Shadow Fool Guild wasn't a charity guild, but a live streaming guild that had to support so many people. To be frank, everything was just a matter of making profit. Last year, Shadow Fool had signed Yang Zhong on despite the criticism. They even spent a huge sum of money to pay off his former guild's penalty fee, since they had had an eye on his future commercial value.

But they were now in the eye of the storm... Any move would be more difficult to make compared with last year.

"Don't worry, we've already prioritized uploading the record. You can take a screenshot first and post it on Weibo; the most important thing is to calm your own fans down first." President Lang Bei said, "As for Wang Situ, I've already contacted the Cultivation Chinese Network and gotten his contact information. I'll discuss it in detail with him later. If this incident can be settled privately, and both sides can release statements to clarify the matter, it'll be a perfect ending. Plus, you'll have a lot more fans compared with last year..."

"OK! Thank you, president! President, you have to help me this time!" Listening to President Lang Bei, Yang Zhong immediately felt relieved. As long as his backer hadn't abandoned him, there was still a way to save everything.

After the call ended, President Lang Bei, sitting in his office, rubbed his eyes and felt his head hurt deeply.

"Lord President doesn't plan to abandon him yet?" a little secretary wearing scanty clothing said next to him.

"It's too early to give up on him. He still has some value." President Lang Bei mused, "This matter has already blown up, and looking at the current situation, it basically won't end well for us, but if we can settle this privately with this Mr Wang Situ... this is definitely the best option for us. "

Hearing this, the scantily-clad little secretary understood. It was all because President Lang Bei thought Yang Zhong could still be used. Relying on Yang Zhong's commercial value, Shadow Fool Guild had made a lot of money this year.

These days, while the live stream room was at the center of things, there was also a lot of revenue earned from gifts. Many "loyal" fans didn't hesitate to spend large sums of money in the live stream room to frantically send small gifts in order to cover those negative suspicions on the bullet screen.

"What should we do next?" asked the scantily-clad little secretary.

"It's very simple." President Lang Bei said, "Contact Wang Situ first, and also that Daoist Guang. Ask them what their thoughts are on this incident. If they just want compensation, we can pay a sum on Yang Zhong's behalf. Of course, if it's a sky-high price, then it's another story."

"Then you'll give up on him?"

"If things reach that point, of course we can only give up on him."

President Lang Bei said, "Yang Zhong this person isn't clean to begin with. If it wasn't because he still has some final commercial value, I would have already canceled his contract early on. To me, he's just a pawn that can be discarded anytime..."

"Lord President really is merciless." The scantily-clad little secretary smiled, went directly to President Lang Bei, then sat on his lap.

Just then, the little secretary's cell phone rang.

President Lang Bei held the secretary. "Who's calling?"

"Hm, it's a delivery."

The little secretary directly turned on the hands-free function.

A voice then came through the phone. "Excuse me, is that Mr Shen? Your express delivery has arrived!"

The scantily-clad little secretary stood up. "Very well! I'll go get it!"

...

Elsewhere, it was still quiet at Number 60 High. It was already long past the time the Demon Hunters Association's master attack plan was meant to be carried out. It was now almost noon and there was still no movement from those so-called overseas returnee elites from the Demon Hunters Association.

Quite a few Number 60 High students started to mock them in the class chats and on Tieba.

"Are they coming or not? If not, we can go have lunch..."

"Damn, so untrustworthy! Stressed us out for a long time! What is this group doing? They're even worse than Shadow Stream! Back when Shadow Stream came, for better or worse, they still got into the school. Can it be that this bunch can't even get through Number 60 High's front gate?"

"..."

After quietly reading the messages on Tieba and in the class chat, Wang Ling also looked out of the window and felt it was strange.

The sun was exceptionally bright today... There was no sign of a storm.

What on earth was going on?

Wang Ling himself was also puzzled. His eyelid had clearly twitched in warning previously, but in the end it had suddenly stopped. Did the other party run into some sort of accident? Emm...

"Let's stop waiting. Do what we should do, eat, eat!" Chen Chao couldn't help laughing. "Mother Juan reportedly held a food tasting event for parents in Number 60 High a while ago. It seemed only one parent showed up. When she left, she took some croquettes with her. If this parent was someone from the Demon Hunters Association who brought those meatballs back, do you think that group of people might have been directly poisoned to death?"

Wang Ling was taken aback. "..." So that was it!





Chapter 686 Wiped Out


When Elder Ji Xing regained consciousness, he felt sore all over and he didn't even have the energy to stand up.

Cold...

An endless cold pierced his marrows, which frightened him terribly.

What the hell happened yesterday?

Elder Ji Xing felt like he couldn't remember anything. His body felt extremely weak; it was as if his bones were limp and his entire body half paralyzed — he couldn't get up at all!

Had he been poisoned?

How could that be...

Elder Ji Xing closed his eyes and tried circulating his spirit energy to take a look at his surroundings, but it actually got stuck halfway in his body's golden core... He hadn't been poisoned, since he could at least still run spirit energy. If it was a very potent poison, it would definitely have directly shut down all his meridians so that even spirit energy wouldn't be able to circulate normally.

Taking a deep breath, Elder Ji Xing tried using spirit energy to break through the restraints on his golden core. Doing this was very risky, because whether it worked or not, forcibly using spirit energy to break through a seal inside the body was bound to cause serious internal injuries.

And Elder Ji Xing was now already very seriously injured!

But he had no choice - he needed to know what the current situation was.

At this thought, Elder Ji Xing grit his teeth, and enduring the acute pain in his body, he started to exert force on his golden core. It was very uncomfortable, as if he was constipated, and Elder Ji Xing felt so stifled that his entire face turned red. In the end, even the blue veins on his forehead burst! A man of the Demon Hunters Association would never give up!

A few minutes later, Elder Ji Xing let out a sudden "wa" sound and spat out a mouthful of blood.

So far, he had already broken through the block on his golden core inside his body and could run his spirit energy as usual. However, Elder Ji Xing was suffering from the internal injury it caused. He now couldn't move, and couldn't even take out the emergency pills he had prepared, which was what he was most angry about... Sometimes the most tragic thing in life wasn't that a person didn't spend his money before he died, but that a dying man who had medicine couldn't eat it!

Step by step...

Elder Ji Xing took a deep breath and tried to calm his thoughts as much as possible. Now wasn't the time to get angry, because rash anger would only aggravate his injuries.

At that moment, his spirit energy began to circulate normally, and Elder Ji Xing could finally use a cultivator's sense of spiritual awareness to check the situation inside the military tent.

Everyone...

Yes...

Everyone had collapsed!

Some of the elders had even already completely stopped breathing and abruptly died!

The breathing of the remaining elders who were still alive was also very weak...

Elder Ji Xing was utterly dumbstruck in his heart. What on earth happened? Why had they suddenly been wiped out like this?

And this was the part that was even more freaky, because Elder Ji Xing realized that he couldn't recall what had happened last night at all, as if his memory had been cut off!

At that moment, his face was white and he was covered in cold sweat. He truly couldn't imagine what kind of Almighty they had offended, who could do things to this extent.

They were all elite members of the Demon Hunters Association who had been trained overseas! The weakest of them was in any case still an Itinerant Immortal expert, but at that moment, some had actually fainted and some had suddenly died. In a split second, they had been completely wiped out... And the scariest thing was that Elder Ji Xing had no idea what on earth happened.

The coordinates of the military tent from where they were organizing this operation were strictly confidential. This area of mountain forest was protected inside and out by a barrier. If there had been an invasion last night, they should have sensed it early on given how many people they had! But not only hadn't that "Almighty" made any noise, it had been an absolutely silent infiltration in which they had been quietly wiped out, and even their memories had been erased in the end...

Elder Ji Xing couldn't help sucking in a cold breath of air at this thought.

What a frightening and dreadful strategy...

He really couldn't remember anything. And the most, most horrifying of all, was that Elder Mingren, who had taken Nine-Tails for psychological treatment, had also fallen to the ground and was already dead.

Who could tell him what the hell happened yesterday?

...

A few hours before the Demon Hunters Association was wiped out, Elder Mingren, who had taken Nine-Tails for psychological treatment, returned to the military tent where the others were.

Because its condition was discovered in time, the Nine-Tailed Demon Fox's psychological treatment went well. The psychologist sprayed a growth agent on its tails so that the fur would grow out thick again and its original confidence would return.

But just as he approached the military tent, Elder Mingren felt that something clearly wasn't right about the aura inside.

He frowned deeply.

Had something happened?

Elder Mingren reacted immediately, because he could clearly sense that the auras of the elders inside the military tent were very faint, as if they had been injured. Strangely, however, Elder Mingren didn't sense any enemy aura nearby.

"Nine-Tails, enter battle mode." As soon as Elder Mingren said that, he was promptly enveloped in golden spirit energy. This was an augmentation technique which combined the Nine-Tails' chakra with the spirit energy inside his body to double his battle strength.

But this form couldn't be maintained for long, because the Nine-Tailed Demon Fox's original form consumed large amounts of spirit energy inside the body. Currently, they were using chakra the same way Elder Poisonous Dragon had; by sacrificing fat, the chakra as a second energy source was combined with spirit energy to be used together.

Elder Mingren thought himself invincible in this mode, since his self-healing ability in this form was more formidable than President Bai's. Although this mode could only last for two minutes, it was clearly already more than enough time to deal with the enemy.

Besides, even if he couldn't defeat the enemy, he could run away...

Taking a deep breath, Elder Mingren stepped inside the military tent.

When he pushed the tent flap aside, the scene in front of him was something he would never forget in his life.

All the elders were down...

Elder Ji Xing, the commander of this operation, was no exception. Some of the elders had even died already, without a single sound.

He had to contact President Bai at once.

Elder Mingren frowned and canceled the Nine-Tails mode. He then took out his cell phone and dialed President Bai's hotline.

While waiting for the call to connect, Elder Mingren looked carefully at his surroundings again. There was fine wine and croquettes on the table; it was clear that Elder Ji Xing and the others had been celebrating not long ago... toasting the success of the plan tomorrow.

Elder Mingren remembered reading Elder Ji Xing's message on WeChat Moments previously, and had even given a thumbs-up and said that he was on his way back.

Who would have thought, not long after that...

Elder Mingren sighed deeply.

He picked up a croquette from the table, put it in his mouth, and drank the last of the wine.

This meatball and this wine represented his grief for Elder Ji Xing and the other elders...

...

Elder Mingren, died.





Chapter 687 Wang Ling's Warning


That afternoon, Zhuo Yi was in his office, feeling gloomy.

He had been answering phone calls all morning from "enthusiastic citizens" who were mainly complaining about the Number 60 High issue. A lot of these enthusiastic citizens didn't understand why Number 60 High wasn't on holiday today and was carrying on with classes.

Although there was no movement with regard to the Demon Hunters Association's revenge plan, this was a gang of crafty hoodlums! God knew what kind of sick things they would do to kids... Nowadays, there were many cases of these psychopaths causing injuries!

For example, there was a scumbag some time ago who should be struck by lightning for stabbing two primary school children on their way to school. This kind of person should be cut to pieces and go to hell, his soul never to be reincarnated! Why attack kids... If you can, go attack Ling Zhenren!

When Zhuo Yi read this news, he had been utterly furious.

So it actually wasn't as if he couldn't understand when it came to this matter, but a lot of the time, suspending classes wasn't up to him alone... Conversely, when you held a high position, there were times when you were actually more limited in what you could do, and you had to be prudent in how you handled each matter.

The reason why Number 60 High hadn't suspended classes this time was a combination of various factors. While Zhuo Yi didn't know exactly what factors Headmaster Chen and the higher-ups had taken into account before they made this decision, Headmaster Chen had never made a wrong decision when it came to Number 60 High... And this indeed was the reality: the overseas returnee elites of the Demon Hunters Association had announced that they would be getting their revenge in the morning, but it was now the afternoon with not even a shadow to be seen.

"Brother Zhuo, it seems like there's no movement?" The director and the deputy director shared the same office space. Zhong Lang looked at the time, then poked his head out to ask Zhuo Yi the question.

Zhuo Yi shrugged and spread his hands. "No idea..."

He didn't know what the situation was.

But for some reason, he could feel a massive shadow slowly covering him; he had a very strong premonition that it was ultimately going to directly turn into a wok on his head...

Just as Zhuo Yi's thoughts were running wild, his phone suddenly vibrated...

Zhuo Yi looked at the caller ID.

It was Secretary Dakang calling...

"No way, right?" The corner of Zhuo Yi's lips twitched, and he picked up the phone.

From the other end of the line came the old secretary's wholehearted praise. "Little Zhuozi! Beautifully done!"

Zhuo Yi: "..."

What... What did he do this time?

Secretary Dakang: "We discovered the bodies of the Demon Hunters Association overseas returnee elites in an area of mountain forest, including the Elder Ji Xing who organized the plan! He's now the only one who survived! That overseas returnee team of elites from the Demon Hunters Association has already been wiped out! Tell me the truth, was it that old shifu behind you who took action again?"

Zhuo Yi: "Old secretary, I..."

"Don't deny it, I can tell right away that this was a setup!"

Secretary Dakang: "If that senior expert is willing to come out and meet me, he's welcome anytime. He's helped us out so much, after all!"

Zhuo Yi: "Then now..."

Secretary Dakang: "Why are you still spacing out now? Hurry up and hold a press conference. The overseas returnee team of elites from the Demon Hunters Association was completely eliminated this time, I want to see what that bunch online have to say about that."

Zhuo Yi: "..."

...

The Demon Hunters Association's grand plan for their overseas returnee elites to attack Number 60 High ultimately came to an end with almost all of them dead, except for two people: One was Elder Ji Xing, who was struggling painfully, while the other was Elder Yaren who had already been captured earlier, and who was at the stage of twitchy revival.

These were the top two experts among the overseas returnee elites this time, yet even then they had both already completely lost the ability to fight, and wouldn't be able to participate in any battles any time soon.

Number 60 High was still tranquil at noon, which was when Uncle Qiu prepared to close up his pancake stall. Just as he was about to leave with the cart, a customer with a snow-white face and carrying a black umbrella appeared all of a sudden. The customer's aura was so gloomy and cold that even the stove on the pancake cart seemed to cool down a few degrees as he drew near.

The small black umbrella covered half the newcomer's face, so Uncle Qiu didn't have a full view of it.

Uncle Qiu raised his eyebrows and then sighed in his heart. "Sir... I don't have enough batter, and can only make one last pancake. Do you want crackers or youtiao? My pancake ingredients aren't as fresh by noon, but if you still want them, I can give you a cheaper price..."

The man under the black umbrella said quietly, "Youtiao."

It was succinct and to the point, without any unnecessary words.

"Alright." Uncle Qiu nodded and began to make a pancake.

When he cracked open an egg, Uncle Qiu couldn't help sighing with feeling. "It really is peaceful today."

The man under the black umbrella listened to him silently.

"To be a person is just like making this pancake: whether you're adding sweet or spicy sauce, you ultimately have to be careful when you make your choice. There are some places you can provoke and some you can't..." At this point, Uncle Qiu was done making the pancake, and he then expertly wrapped it in oilpaper. "Here you are, young man, your pancake."

This customer with the black umbrella stared at the pancake without moving for a long time. He watched as Uncle Qiu left, pushing the cart down to the end of the road...

Under the black umbrella, President Bai was utterly stupefied.

He had stood there unmoving for a long time not because he was reflecting on something, but because a powerful aura had held him in place... He hadn't been able to move at all!

Could it be that this Number 60 High really was full of hidden dragons and crouching tigers?

Even the uncle selling pancakes at the gate was so frightening?

President Bai narrowed his eyes and started to weigh the stakes.

Then he lowered his head to take a bite of the pancake in his hand...

Hm...

It was overcooked...

...

At the window of Grade One, Class Three, Wang Ling relaxed inwardly as his pupils refocused. That Great Soul Transformation Spell just now was a technique for attaching his soul to another person. He had used Uncle Qiu's body to give President Bai a warning. Although he couldn't be sure that it made an impact, it could be said that this was Wang Ling's "ultimatum" this time.

Mother Wang had taught him to be a polite child since young, to try talking things out first before resorting to violence! Wang Ling felt that his warning just now... could be considered quite polite!

But whether President Bai understood his meaning in the end was another matter...





Chapter 688 Something's Happened to Wang Ling!


President Bai was inordinately depressed by the colossal failure of the revenge plan.

That was fifteen overseas returnee elites from the Demon Hunters Association! Now there wasn't even one left!

President Bai frowned. He knew full well that he could no longer act on his own initiative in this matter because he was afraid of taking risks. The main reason their Demon Hunters Association had put down roots in Huaxiu nation was actually for the sake of seizing the level thirteen spell in Beast King's Remains.

This wouldn't be easy to do because President Bai was well aware that Huaxiu had already noticed their movements and was bound to set up tight defenses in Beast King's Remains this time.

Now that the Demon Hunters Association's battle strength was greatly depleted, everything had become very hard to predict.

President Bai sighed. He had no choice but to send a message to Night Chief's top leader, Night Ghost Spirit Emperor: Lord Night Ghost Spirit Emperor, this is Bai Zhe. I'm at a loss right now...

...

Abroad, Night Ghost Spirit Emperor received President Bai's message requesting aid.

Night Ghost Spirit Emperor: "What useless trash... In the end, he still gave himself away."

"Do you have any solutions, Lord Night Ghost Spirit Emperor?" asked a handsome and elegant young man. He held a folding fan in his hand and was dressed in a traditional style of clothing.

This man was called Dylan. After President Edmark, the head of Night Chief's six generals, was killed by that medicine ball, Dylan as deputy head had taken over all of the president's power networks.

"What do you think?" Night Ghost Spirit Emperor looked at the young man and asked for his opinion.

Compared with President Edmark who did things recklessly, Second President Dylan was a genuinely intelligent commander.

"I suggest that Bai Zhe should withdraw and our people take over before the plan is carried out, which will be the best way to minimize our losses," said Second President Dylan. "Of course, even if President Bai returns, he still has to face Your Majesty's punishment. If Your Majesty allows it, you can order him to make reparations over there first before coming back."

"Mm."

Night Ghost Spirit Emperor nodded.

The punishment was necessary; before the start of the master plan, President Bai had mobilized the overseas returnee elites without permission over a small personal grievance and without fully understanding the enemy. In the end, they had walked into a trap and were wiped out. If President Bai wasn't punished for this, it would be a very bad influence on the rest of Night Chief.

Thus, he had to be punished as a lesson to others.

"Given the severity of this incident, it wouldn't be considered excessive to remove President Bai from office completely and have him die to make amends."

Second President Dylan said, "President Bai thought he already had enough information on that Number 60 High School, but it now seems that what he learned was useless. Otherwise, the Demon Hunters Association's entire elite team wouldn't have been destroyed..."

"It's just a small Foundation Establishment high school, but swarming with so many experts... I have a feeling that this Number 60 High won't be easy to deal with." Night Ghost Spirit Emperor stood up from his throne with a resolute expression.

In addition to sending someone to take over the rest of the master plan, he decided to have President Bai thoroughly investigate Number 60 High.

At the very least, they had to find out who on earth that great senior hiding behind Number 60 High was...

"President Bai has a very strong recovery ability, but since he has sent a message requesting aid this time, it would only be appropriate for Night Ghost Spirit Emperor to help him out a little. As long as we exert strong enough pressure, we should be able to force that senior behind the scenes to come out," President Dylan said.

"Mm, I've already transferred a technique over to him, it's the 'Spirit Power Loan Spell' I developed myself."

"Spirit Power Loan Spell?"

"Yes, it's a kind of spell that allows me to take control through a person's soul mark. For a short time, a borrower's strength will be greatly boosted through this loan method...

"It just so happens that this technique is still in the trial stage. Since Bai Zhe is willing to be the lab rat, there's no harm in letting him try it out." Night Ghost Spirit Emperor laughed. "It's more cost-effective than student loans, and there's no interest on it; you just need to repay it with your life, and you can do it in installments."

President Dylan: "..."

...

That day after school, Wang Ling had the vague feeling that something wasn't right. It was still calm on campus, but somehow he sensed some hidden killing intent.

His intuition was always on point and had never been wrong.

Judging from the aura, this overwhelming air of hostility was coming from that very President Bai whom Wang Ling had warned before.

Sure enough, this person in the end couldn't leave well alone.

Sighing in his heart, Wang Ling feigned ignorance as he stuck his hands in his pockets and left.

At that moment, everyone in class was having a lively discussion about the summer camp. Because they were going to be camping overnight in Beast King's Remains, a lot of people were discussing what they should bring with them.

Once again, Wang Ling didn't participate in the discussion...

"Wang Ling, what do you think we should bring?" Chen Chao turned his head to ask Wang Ling for his opinion, but discovered that Wang Ling had already disappeared.

Where was he?

Chen Chao scratched his head.

"Wang Ling's already left."

Guo Hao pointed to the window. "This guy leaves school with us every day, why did he leave so early today?"

While he was speaking as he looked out the window, his expression swiftly changed. "Holy crap! Everyone, look!"

Startled by his cry of alarm, everyone crowded around the window, and then saw the air distort as a black crack suddenly appeared at the school gate!

A dozen or so tentacle-like things extended out from the crack right away and directly dragged Wang Ling inside!

This scene happened so suddenly, and several students behind Wang Ling screamed and ran back to the school.

Almost everyone in Grade One, Class Three looked on helplessly as Wang Ling was swallowed up by this black rift in the air!

A lot of people were so scared that they got goosebumps and some of the girls in class promptly screamed.

"Go and tell the teacher, quickly!" Su Xiao's face was deathly pale.

Chen Chao and Guo Hao had already rushed out.

...

Roughly five minutes later, the phone rang at Lord Thunder's small villa.

The person who picked up was Lord Thunder himself. Because he had attended the parent-teacher conference for Wang Ling, the contact details he had left behind were his landline and cell phone number. Back then, Lord Thunder had attended the parent-teacher conference in Father Wang and Mother Wang's place, and had given himself the alias Wang Lei.

"Hello, is this Wang Ling's father, Mr Wang Lei..." From the other end of the line came the voice of Director Shi, the director of education.

Lord Thunder was dazed before he replied, "Yes... speaking..."

"It's like this... Mr Wang Lei, we're now urgently following up on this incident, so please remain calm at what I'm about to say, alright?" Director Shi said.

"Alright, I'll stay calm, please go ahead..." Lord Thunder was confused.

"Mr Wang Lei, Student Wang Ling was swallowed up by a black rift after school today. For now, we suspect that the Demon Hunters Association's President Bai is taking personal revenge, and that he was the one who grabbed Wang Ling just now..." Director Shi's tone was very gloomy. "As teachers, we understand that there are responsibilities which we must be held accountable for, but we still wanted to let Mr Wang Lei know to please be prepared for the worst..."

Lord Thunder nodded seriously. "Is that all?"

Director Shi: "Yes..."

Lord Thunder's face was unperturbed. "Alright, got it. If there's nothing else, I'm hanging up! Let me know when you find my son's body."

Director Shi: "???"





Chapter 689 Poor Student Wang Ling


Director Shi was dumbstruck. How could there be a parent like this in the world...

Disbelievingly, she looked at the phone number in the address book of parents' contacts and confirmed that she hadn't called the wrong number. But she felt like she had just called a fake dad! The word in school all this time was that Wang Ling's family situation was very tough and he had a cold personality. Now that Director Shi thought about it, she felt that this was inevitably tied to his upbringing.

Student Wang Ling's family situation was a little wretched!

At that moment, director of education Director Shi's maternal instincts overflowed. She suddenly felt that she hadn't cared for Student Wang Ling enough. Since he was in the elite class, his academic grades definitely weren't bad... but they also had to pay attention to the psychological aspect. Number 60 High's education style advocated two points: the education of their students and teaching!

And educating the students was still far more important than teaching!

It wasn't right for teachers to blindly chase grades; the students' psychological education was equally important. Headmaster Chen had stressed this point many times at staff meetings.

Now that Director Shi was on the phone, her mind was full of regrets. She didn't know whether Wang Ling was still alive or not. Either way, Director Shi and the other Number 60 High teachers at that moment all shared the same somber mood.

Elsewhere, not long after the old secretary's phone call of commendation, the office of the General Administration of 100 Schools received the grievous news about Wang Ling.

This time, it was Headmaster Chen himself who called Zhuo Yi.

Since something had happened to a student, Headmaster Chen was accountable in his position as headmaster.

Headmaster Chen sounded very sorrowful on the phone, but Zhuo Yi still didn't know which student had been taken. "Student Zhuo Yi..." This was Headmaster Chen's familiar address for this old graduate.

"I understand the situation, headmaster..." Zhuo Yi's voice was also very gloomy.

After the collective deaths of the team of overseas returnee elites from the Demon Hunters Association, no one expected President Bai to strike yet again, and furthermore kidnap a student.

"I am already prepared to resign."

Headmaster Chen sighed deeply. "If this lapse in my judgment leads to this student's unfortunate end, I'll feel guilty for the rest of my life..."

"Headmaster..."

Zhuo Yi was moved. "Calm down first, headmaster. Why don't we think of some possible solutions? Perhaps that student is still alright..."

"That student is only at the Foundation Establishment stage, there's no way his body would have been able to withstand being drawn directly into a space fissure!" Headmaster Chen was very agitated.

Zhuo Yi: "May I ask exactly who this student is, Headmaster Chen?"

"You've seen him before."

Headmaster Chen replied, "It's that Student Wang Ling from Grade One, Class Three."

"..."

Zhuo Yi exclaimed loudly in his heart: Crap! Shifu's been caught by a monster!

...

Half an hour before the incident, Wang Ling had already sensed an abnormality at the school gate. It just so happened that school was over. Grade One classes were the earliest to end. Usually, the students would linger in class after school to discuss homework before leaving.

With his King's Eye, Wang Ling had seen a deeply hidden space trap. As long as students walked out of the gate, they would be sucked into the space.

Sure enough, this bull-headed person still came...

Wang Ling sighed in his heart.

In this world, there would always be some people who wouldn't listen. Wang Ling felt that he had already been very benevolent.

When he was sucked into the space, Wang Ling was expressionless. The tear in space didn't have any impact on his body. Also, the instant he was sucked into the space, Wang Ling had already cast a spell to get rid of the space trap and directly plug the crack so that he was the only person to be swallowed up.

After he landed, Wang Ling surveyed his surroundings carefully.

This was a completely independent and unusual space. Wang Ling's first assumption was that this was probably the inside of a magic artifact.

The entire space was a snow-white world that seemed endless.

President Bai had used a technique to combine the magic artifact with his own body to partition off this space.

Wang Ling dusted off his school uniform. This was space debris from when he fell through the space fissure. When the space fissure formed, it sucked in drifting matter from other spaces, and this matter ultimately broke down into incredibly dirty debris and fine particles.

Wang Ling was a bit annoyed because this stuff was hard to wash off... Who knew if enchanted detergent would be able to wash clean his dirty school uniform.

While Wang Ling was pondering this, there was a slight distortion in the air in front of him, and a young man with a deathly white face and carrying a black umbrella stepped out of the distortion.

This person was none other than President Bai.

President Bai's aura was already different from what Wang Ling had felt before.

"We should resolve our grievances today." President Bai let go of the small black umbrella, which then hovered behind him, and his whole face was revealed.

At that moment, Wang Ling saw a dark black dot between President Bai's eyebrows.

This was the mark of a soul exchange.

As the Heavenly Dao had said, there was a balance to all things in the world, and the principle of equivalence exchange was an eternal and inviolable rule. To boost his power, President Bai could only rely on this "shortcut" of selling his soul and sacrificing his lifespan to make himself stronger.

President Bai stared at Wang Ling, full of confidence in his increased strength. "I've already thoroughly investigated your strength; you're a True Immortal, aren't you?"

Wang Ling: "..."

"Your Excellency has repeatedly thwarted my Demon Hunters Association's plans, I won't let you off so easily." President Bai's tone was grim. His eyes were fixed unwaveringly on Wang Ling as he gnashed his teeth in rage. "In order to deal with Your Excellency, I gave up a thousand years of my life without exception in exchange for this chance to boost my strength..."

Wang Ling cocked an eyebrow. He had indeed heard Mr Lu mention before that President Bai had a very powerful recovery ability to begin with, and that his self-healing ability was more terrifying than Elder Yaren's. It was an instant kind of self-healing, where he might already recover even while still being attacked.

Now that President Bai's whole body had been enhanced, Wang Ling felt that the other party's self-healing ability was probably stronger than before.

Wang Ling remembered that he had used one slap to deal with the Old Devil.

And two slaps to deal with Evil Sword God...

Here, now, was the question...

How many times would he have to slap this President Bai to deal with him?

For now, Wang Ling wasn't sure, and only felt a little twitchy.

It was almost time for the final exams, and he still had a lot of homework to do when he went home as he hadn't finished it yet!

So troublesome!





Chapter 690 Several Huge Misconceptions In Life


After using the "Spirit Power Loan Spell" to boost his strength in a short period of time, President Bai obviously now had great confidence in himself. But the truth was that he had had no other choice left except to trade with Night Ghost Spirit Emperor; before the launch of the master plan, he had made a very poor decision over a personal grievance, leading to fifteen members of the Demon Hunters Association's overseas returnee elite team being wiped out.

After making such a mistake, even if he went back, he wouldn't be able to escape Night Ghost Spirit Emperor's punishment.

Therefore, President Bai's decision to attack Wang Ling this time was the result of careful consideration. He had to make reparations for his crime by resolving this "major threat" as much as possible before returning to Night Chief's headquarters. Even if he couldn't settle it, inflicting serious injury on the other party would also be good. In any case, since he was putting everything on the line, he couldn't lose.

Even if his overall battle strength wasn't good, President Bai could use attrition tactics. His powerful self-healing ability was his biggest source of confidence in a war of attrition. President Bai was a very cautious man and also a rather cunning character. This could be seen from the previous confrontations; President Bai would never participate in a fight he couldn't be sure of winning.

But in all his calculations, President Bai had missed something.

In this world, not everything could be viewed through the lens of common sense.

In this separate magic artifact space layer.

In a blink of an eye, the small black umbrella suspended above President Bai's head powered up and emitted a black light which attached itself to President Bai's spine. His entire figure then flashed directly in front of Wang Ling at an insane speed of a ten-millionth of a blink of an eye, which was already the peak late True Immortal level.

This small black umbrella was a spatial magic treasure that was just one step away from becoming a world-defying magic artifact, but the power it was exhibiting now was already slightly above what Wang Ling had expected.

After all, this was a powerful magic artifact made from forty-nine holy beast skins. Even as a first class holy weapon, it was much more powerful than any other holy weapon on the same level. The teleportation ability which it granted its owner through the link was very troublesome. If President Bai completed his skin collection and the umbrella was bumped up to world-defying level, this small black umbrella might have the ability to turn back space and time...

Wang Ling had his own reasons for making this deduction, since the independent space he was in now had been created by this small black umbrella.

A first class holy artifact usually wouldn't be able to create a separate space. Even in Eight Classes of Divine Weapons , the most that a first class spatial magic artifact could do was move the user long distances back and forth through space.

But not only was this little black umbrella capable of long-range movement, it could also partition off space to set up an independent space... Its spatial attributes were diverse and complex, and had very comprehensive functions.

If it was upgraded to world-defying level, all its spatial attributes would be enhanced, and it would be able to turn back space and time and even freeze space!

This Wuji Umbrella was a dangerous magic weapon. Wang Ling had already planned to retrieve it after this fight was over and give it to Xiao Yin for safekeeping.

President Bai didn't hold anything back and flashed in front of Wang Ling to hit him in the chest with his palm. "Detachment of the Primitive World Palm 1 !"

1(Derived from the "Detachment of the Primitive World Technique" in "Naruto .. ") This was a technique that had also been combined with the Wuji Umbrella's spatial attribute. Once hit with the palm, the point of contact would be directly torn to pieces and absorbed by the space.

Wang Ling had predicted this palm with his King's Eye, so he dodged sideways. President Bai's palm directly warped the air, tearing open a gap in this independent space.

The gap was then swiftly mended and the space restored through the power of the Wuji Umbrella.

How dangerous...

Wang Ling sighed secretly. Fortunately, his response had been quick!

Otherwise, his school uniform would have been torn!

Wang Ling had always thought that Number 60 High's school uniform was very ugly, so he had never planned to enchant it. Now, he thought it would be better to enchant the uniform a little, at least so that it would never tear or be damaged. Plus, it would always be free of dirt and never need to be washed!

"I created this technique; is there something wrong with Your Excellency's expression?" President Bai sneered. He hadn't used all of his strength in that palm strike just now, but that youngster's complexion had already turned unsightly.

This proved that his palm just now was already sufficiently intimidating!

He had hope in this fight!

President Bai sneered.

Wang Ling: "..."

Sometimes, you had to acknowledge that there were indeed several huge misconceptions in life.

In studying, for example: This lesson isn't important; I'll understand the contents when I read it at home; the exam shouldn't be too hard; if I can't do it, neither can everyone else; I'll do some revision after I finish my homework; the top students can't do this problem, so what if I can't either; there's plenty of time for revision; I'll get some marks for writing down the formula; if I blur out the symbols I'm unsure of, the teacher won't be able to tell; I should be able to pass this time!

The same was true of misconceptions in cultivation: This technique will work; he broke out in a sweat just now, I definitely scared him; this person shouldn't be difficult to deal with; I couldn't beat him before, but I'm stronger now; this person looks very young, he's definitely not stronger than me; the fight's just begun, I can beat him...

Perhaps other people might not be able to understand this feeling, but Wang Ling had a profound understanding of it. He didn't want to be a curve wrecker, but also didn't want to be seen as a poor student. The same was true in cultivation. Wang Ling thus didn't know where on earth President Bai got his confidence from.

A master would never tell other people that he was very strong.

This was probably like those curve wreckers who slowly walked out of the exam room every time and said that they hadn't done well... There were always those who were naive enough to believe that these curve wreckers had stuffed up the exam, but when they got the exam paper back, they were still fifty marks behind them!

President Bai used the Wuji Umbrella's flash teleportation and the "Detachment of the Primitive World Palm" to start a new round of attacks that were swift and violent, with the palm ultimately transforming into countless shadows that flashed intangibly in front of Wang Ling, but he cleanly dodged all of them.

"Dodging all the time is useless..." President Bai demonstrated his confidence at that moment as his attack speed increased almost a hundred-fold, and still continued to rise.

President Bai carefully observed Wang Ling's reaction under this increasingly violent offensive. Unfortunately, he didn't see any change in his face; apart from that pinched expression at the very beginning of the attack, the other party maintained a poker face throughout the subsequent offensive.

Could it be he had been scared silly?

Was he pretending to be calm?

President Bai pondered...

But in the next moment, a palm directly met his, instantly blowing all the thoughts out of President Bai's mind.

It was just a light palm which didn't seem to have much strength behind it, but not only did its force cancel out the Detachment of the Primitive World Palm's power of space, it also directly sent President Bai flying and made him spit blood on the spot.

The next moment, President Bai heard Wang Ling's indifferent voice in his mind. "What else can you do? Otherwise, I'm going to go back and do my homework..."

President Bai: "???"





Chapter 691 The Disparity In Strength


The corner of President Bai's mouth twitched in bafflement. This youngster clearly hadn't used his true strength when their palms met just now. Although President Bai had spewed blood under that palm just now, he recovered in almost an instant without even an internal injury left behind. He had an extremely resilient physique to begin with, and wasn't afraid of being injured at all.

But he stared at this scene in front of him in disbelief. Of all the techniques he had mastered, his Detachment of the Primitive World Palm was ranked third... he couldn't believe that this technique which contained a massive space-destroying force actually hadn't injured this youngster at all.

How could his palm technique fail? No way... this person was just trying to be brave!

At that moment, countless thoughts crowded President Bai's mind, and he didn't even have time to think about the meaning of what the youngster had said.

Did such an Almighty figure still need to do homework?

All of a sudden, President Bai's mind felt like it was a mess.

He didn't believe that the other party wasn't injured even a little from his last attack. In terms of pure damage, not only was his palm fatal, it was also exceedingly destructive. No matter how formidable a person's recovery ability was, it was impossible to completely recover from injuries caused by a spatial technique in the short term; this was a type of injury which was more terrible than the "major damage" state.

Wang Ling's nonchalant palm earlier wasn't lethal, but the terrifying thing was that he had directly neutralized the damage from President Bai's spatial palm technique.

President Bai's loan transaction with Night Ghost Spirit Emperor had been successful, and he had traded his lifespan in exchange for boosting his strength to late True Immortal level for a brief period of time. Although his last palm hadn't contained one hundred-percent of his strength, it shouldn't be so bad as to cause no injuries at all to the other party — the other party, had to be putting on a brave face! Right! He was definitely just acting brave.

There was no way President Bai would admit nor believe that his attack had actually been neutralized... In this world, it was impossible for someone stronger than a True Immortal to exist! Even... even Immortal Zhenyuan who was said to have already reached the heights of a Venerated Immortal was only a legend! Many people hadn't even seen his face!

President Bai's breathing had already unconsciously started to speed up, not because he was feeling tired, but purely because of nerves.

Even in this situation, he still showed no signs of admitting defeat.

Seeing this, Wang Ling sighed silently. Sometimes, it was indeed very difficult for people to acknowledge the disparity with others.

This required a person to recognize his true strength in his heart; in other words, whether or not they were smart enough to understand...

It was very obvious that President Bai wasn't.

There were times when a person needed to clearly see themselves for who they were...

Wang Ling gazed deeply at President Bai.

Wang Ling had to admit that compared with his former opponents, President Bai was a little unique.

After enduring Wang Ling's somewhat half-hearted palm, the other party could actually recover in a flash. Even Evil Sword God and the Old Devil could only hope to match this type of self-healing ability.

In other words, even if Wang Ling was a little fiercer with his palm, President Bai wouldn't die so easily.

Actually, Wang Ling had felt pretty depressed in the previous battles, since he felt that his hands were tied during the fights.

The law had always been Wang Ling's first choice.

In an orderly age of cultivation, if everything was resolved through slaughter, that only proved that that generation was a failure. If one created rules, one had to abide by them. To be frank, Wang Ling felt that he was still young and it absolutely wouldn't be good to stain his hands with too much blood.

Thinking this, he sighed heavily and started to walk toward President Bai step by step.

The moment Wang Ling took his first step, President Bai already felt immeasurable pressure as if the whole of Mount Tai had directly dropped onto his shoulders! This youngster's aura had completely changed, flaring up sharply several times over!

It was just the first step, but President Bai jolted and spat blood!

"How can this be..."

While President Bai was feeling stupefied, Wang Ling had already taken his second step.

At the same time, this magic artifact's entire internal space started to stir with massive fluctuations. This was an independent world which President Bai had set up with the Wuji Umbrella's power, completely separated from the outside! The structure of this entire space was extremely stable! But the youngster's second step had directly affected the walls of this entire space.

Endless cracks stretched out in a domino effect, splitting open the space in all directions. Strong gales of space wind swirled out through the fissures to tear the space apart without end.

Directly destroying the space with just one step... How was that possible?!

With the space being torn apart by this tremendous power, President Bai felt that the situation was already completely out of control; he was like the clay Bodhisattva1 who couldn't save himself while crossing the river. The power ripping the space apart was too terrifying, and more and more cracks showed up around him, pulling at his body. The only thing President Bai could do was roar at Wang Ling, "Are you insane?! You'll kill yourself too, doing this!"

1(Reminder, 'Bodhisattva' in Buddhism are enlightened beings who have put off entering paradise in order to help others attain enlightenment.) He couldn't understand why this youngster would straightaway use this space-destroying technique where neither side would win! This was an independent space which he had set up using the Wuji Umbrella; if it continued to be wrecked, and in the end directly exploded, it would be over for the both of them!

At that time, even if they didn't die but turned into pulps of flesh drifting in space, they wouldn't be able to return to their original world.

You actually used this technique to take me down with you?

President Bai broke out in a cold sweat, frightened by Wang Ling's "viciousness," and his complexion couldn't help turning deathly white.

But this was far from the only thing to stupefy him.

Because at that moment, he saw Wang Ling take his third step!

In that instant, there were countless space rifts in the world and it was already on the verge of collapsing. However, the rifts that appeared next to the youngster were actually completely patched up...

The youngster raised his hand slightly, and the space rifts suddenly transformed into tens of millions of vipers which lunged forward to bite President Bai!

It was only now that President Bai realized: this young man didn't want to kill both of them... he had broken the space open to manipulate the space rifts into tearing him to shreds!

He was going to die!

President Bai was struck with despair.

In the instant that these countless space rifts darted at him like vipers about to bite him, he subconsciously held up one hand to fend them off. But just as he raised his hand, everything in front of him returned to a dead calm.

"What..."

He was stunned by this technique.

Breaking open the space and fixing it at will...

Was this the youngster's true strength?

"You think it'll just end like this?"

While President Bai was feeling despondent, Wang Ling spoke to him telepathically.

After that, he unzipped his school jacket and put it away properly, his eyes fixed on President Bai.

President Bai didn't understand the meaning behind this action, but after the youngster took the jacket off, he saw him put his hand up one of his short sleeves, and seemed to be pulling at something...

"Heavenly Eye!"

President Bai opened his power of sight to see through the youngster's action.

He finally realized that there was actually a seal stuck on this youngster's arm inside the sleeve.

Also, half the seal had been pulled off...





Chapter 692 One Thousand And Five Hundred Heavenly Dao


The instant the talisman seal was removed, a stifling aura surged forth. In that moment, the youngster's aura and temperament completely changed. It was a profound feeling that was hard to describe. The two of them were just dots in this space created by the magic treasure, but the youngster left an impression that was hard to forget.

The short sleeves of his school shirt flapped freely in the wind, and the golden three-petaled flowers of the King's Eye appeared again. It was immeasurably profound, as if it could pierce through all of heaven with one glance, and it hit President Bai hard in the chest as he drowned in its pressure.

Wang Ling had yet to attack, and hadn't even moved. However, President Bai had already been sent flying by this pressure as he sprayed blood.

The talisman seal had been suppressing Wang Ling's original strength all this time.

As someone who had an innate and consummate grasp of the Three Thousand Great Dao, the number of Heavenly Dao which Wang Ling could control in reality with the talisman seal stuck on him was limited to one hundred. Despite that, he was already powerful enough. Now, even though only half the talisman seal had come off, the huge difference between one hundred Heavenly Dao and one thousand and five hundred of them was a bitter pill for President Bai to swallow.

All this time, he had been judging this youngster by his realm, but he was now excruciatingly aware that the other party's strength couldn't be measured in terms of realm at all!

The rumor was that it had been world-defying enough when Evil Sword God had comprehended one Heavenly Dao. But in a suppressed state, Wang Ling already had one hundred Heavenly Dao... Now that half the talisman seal was off, the full weight of one thousand and five hundred Heavenly Dao was powerful enough to do more than just shake the heavens!

It could turn all of the heavens upside down!

This youngster was far from someone President Bai could shake.

He grit his teeth and his first reaction was to retreat; forcing himself to fight this round would truly be looking for death.

"Wuji Umbrella!"

He shouted the umbrella's name.

Behind him, that small black umbrella in mid-air instantly started to spin and give off black light when it heard its master's call.

But Wang Ling had already read President Bai's intention.

President Bai was scared and wanted to use the Wuji Umbrella's power to break open the space and escape.

But would it be that easy?

Wang Ling turned his gaze to this small black umbrella, and several dozen imperceptible Heavenly Dao rolled forth from the King's Eye to generate a massive restrictive force. President Bai watched blankly as halfway through spinning, the Wuji Umbrella stopped moving.

"Wuji Umbrella!"

President Bai called again.

But it didn't give any response.

"Wuji Umbrella!" he shouted a third time.

In the end, the Wuji Umbrella's weapon spirit replied in an extremely annoyed voice, "So noisy, shut the hell up! Don't you see this father can't move!"

President Bai: "..."

To be honest, the Wuji Umbrella's weapon spirit hardly ever responded, and it actually had such a nasty attitude!

"Do you have a way to get me out of here?!" President Bai asked the Wuji Umbrella for help.

The Wuji Umbrella was silent, then it directly begged Wang Ling for mercy. "Big boss, please let me go! It's just that I formed a contract with him! I can cancel it, no problem! Big boss, just don't kill me! This guy has committed too many sins, I can act as human witness... Bah! As weapon spirit witness!"

As a weapon spirit, the Wuji Umbrella was clearly intimidated by the restrictive force of these dozens of Heavenly Dao: it felt like the extremely sharp tips of a dozen or so precious swords were pointed at its neck.

After thorough consideration, the Wuji Umbrella weapon spirit felt that begging for mercy now was the most suitable option.

Wang Ling: "..."

After it begged for mercy, the Wuji Umbrella even well-meaningly urged President Bai, "Stop spouting nonsense, hurry up and kneel and admit you're wrong, and it'll be over!"

"???"

President Bai had never ever expected the Wuji Umbrella to actually choose to directly betray him.

Honestly speaking, even if the Wuji Umbrella hadn't opened its mouth, Wang Ling had already planned to take it back.

He stretched out his hand and the Wuji Umbrella directly fell into it. As Wang Ling stroked its body lightly, he pulled out a string of golden talisman characters.

President Bai was thunderstruck; this string of characters was none other than the weapon spirit contract which he had formed with the Wuji Umbrella. This youngster had now actually directly pulled the contract out...

After dragging the entire contract out, Wang Ling didn't even bother to have a look at it, and with a light squeeze of his hand, the entire contract exploded in his palm and was reduced to flying ash.

So since the beginning, there was no need for the Wuji Umbrella to break the contract, since Wang Ling could directly modify it.

The Wuji Umbrella now didn't have a master!

"I'll stake my life on yours!" President Bai gnashed his teeth in fury.

He never expected the youngster to humiliate him in this way — snatching his magic treasure away right in his face was no different than stealing his wife, and was a massive humiliation.

"Summoning! Nine Rashomon!"

President Bai yelled as he swiftly made a hand seal and slammed his palm down on the ground.

Nine massive, ancient stone gates were instantly summoned.

These nine stone gates were built in a foreign and simple style that were similar to the gateways of ancient shrines. The door frames were decorated with rich and complicated carvings of all kinds of rare and unusual beasts. The image of a head of an evil spirit in the center of each gate suddenly seemed to open their mouths with loud wails, and a desolate aura assaulted the senses from far away before transforming into a massive protective barrier that blocked the way forward.

With the Wuji Umbrella gone, this was the last magic treasure in President Bai's collection. These nine Rashomon created a huge sense of oppression and had an intense suppressive force. Since the youngster's aura was too terrifying, President Bai's first thought was to suppress him. If he could do this, he might still have a fighting chance!

But reality proved that he had indeed been thinking too much.

Now that Wang Ling had taken off half of the talisman seal, no matter how many tricks President Bai tried, they were nothing in the face of the power of a full one thousand and five hundred Heavenly Dao.

Gazing at these nine, ancient giant gates, Wang Ling sighed.

This sigh unexpectedly created a sonic wave... This was the King's Sigh...

In a flash, these nine giant gates, which were a first-rate, first-class holy weapon, were straightaway reduced to fine dust with that sigh.

When the wind blew, they became fine powder that drifted away into the universe...

Overblown attacks were of no use. In the face of one thousand and five hundred Heavenly Dao, a first-class holy weapon couldn't withstand this pressure and it was annihilated on the spot; even the Nine Rashomon's weapon spirit was thoroughly exterminated!

What kind of method was this...

Trembling, President Bai fell to his knees on the ground with a dull expression.

Even the Wuji Umbrella in Wang Ling's hand got the jitters. Looking at the youngster in front of it, it couldn't help letting out an awestruck sound.





Chapter 693 Are You Scared Now?


All this was just a test performance on Wang Ling's part; he wanted President Bai to recognize the gap in their strengths.

At that moment, President Bai's eyes were blank; he was utterly frightened by the youngster's enormous strength. Ever since cultivating an immortal physique, he had never been afraid of death, but given the youngster's ungodly techniques, President Bai was convinced that the other party had thousands of ways to finish him off.

He, Bai Zhe, who had cultivated for thousands of years, would finally be defeated here?

He lowered his eyes in dread, his heart shaken by the number of Heavenly Dao which Wang Ling had. At the same time, he gnashed his teeth as a trace of helpless envy sprouted quietly in his heart.

This was the first time Wang Ling had taken the talisman seal off. Even though it was only halfway, the power that had exploded out had been formidable enough. The reason why this was a so-called test performance was that Wang Ling wanted to see whether he could precisely control the Heavenly Dao, if half of his strength was released at his current stage of growth.

He got his answer when he destroyed the nine gates.

In his current condition, taking the talisman off was actually still a very dangerous thing to do.

He had only sighed casually and had been about to perform a spell. But before he could do so, the nine gates had been destroyed straightaway by his sigh...

President Bai was dumbstruck, and actually, so was Wang Ling.

The Heavenly Dao was a good thing, and so, so many people pursued it in vain, but sometimes, too many of them was in fact a pain in the neck.

If this hadn't been an independent space that had been completely partitioned off and the destruction of which wouldn't have any impact on the outside world, Wang Ling would never have taken the seal off so easily.

However, the damage which his inadvertent sigh had caused just now had dealt this President Bai a heavy blow. After a moment of silence, Wang Ling stuck the talisman seal fully back on again.

By now, President Bai should clearly understand the gap in strength between them. No one could withstand an attack from one thousand and five hundred Heavenly Dao, let alone three thousand of them. If the three thousand Heavenly Dao were all released at the same time, all the cultivators on Earth would probably be reduced to nothing but dust.

Not only had the King's Sigh just now destroyed the nine gates in a flash, President Bai had also been heavily injured. Although there were no surface wounds, the sigh had caused severe internal injuries, and his organs had probably been shaken to pieces. But it hadn't killed President Bai.

Compared with Wang Ling's previous opponents, this President Bai was really like a cockroach.

But though he was tricky to deal with, Wang Ling still had ways to do so.

Wang Ling smoothed the talisman seal back into place. He felt a little disturbed by half the strength he had released earlier, so it was better to stick the talisman back on. Such an ordinary sigh already had that sort of power, not to mention if he had cast a spell... But this action was a stab to President Bai's heart as he felt that he was being looked down on.

President Bai picked himself up on trembling legs and hastily popped a spirit-replenishing pill into his mouth.

President Bai had already recovered from most of the internal injuries caused by the King's Sigh just now, but Wang Ling could see that this kind of healing wasn't infinite — it consumed a great amount of spirit energy, and President Bai was currently close to his limit, forced to rely on elixirs to maintain his physical strength.

"Damn it... You're actually looking down on me..." When he saw Wang Ling stick the talisman back on, President Bai felt like he had never been struck a blow like this before.

This was naked disdain.

He was so angry he shook. "Even if you're a tiger, today I'm going to pull out your teeth!"

Saying this, he narrowed his eyes and in the blink of an eye, countless glowing talismans enveloped his body.

In an instant, President Bai's body suddenly grew to fill the space. Runes as black as ink wrapped around his body. These dark runes hid godly might which contained immeasurable power.

Wang Ling instantly realized that President Bai had sold his body again in another exchange.

But it was obvious that this time, he hadn't used his lifespan, but his soul in the trade!

The power obtained in exchange for your soul was completely different from using your lifespan. Wang Ling was taken aback, and felt that things had become troublesome. He never thought that his off-handed action would actually provoke President Bai into directly selling his soul in exchange for even greater power to fight... Although it wouldn't be to the extent of their mutual destruction, it really was likely that Wang Ling's clothes would be damaged!

The Wang family's house rule was that if Wang Ling's school uniform was damaged by anything other than an act of god and needed to be replaced with a new one, the amount would be deducted from his allowance!

In that instant, Wang Ling broke out in a cold sweat. Although Number 60 High's school uniform was inordinately ugly, it wasn't cheap! It was worth several boxes of crispy noodle snacks!

On the other side, President Bai was pleased when he saw the dramatic change in Wang Ling's expression.

Although he didn't know what had caused this composed youngster to unexpectedly reveal this flustered expression, President Bai's first reaction was that the other party was already holding back his fear at the power which he had traded his soul for.

Otherwise, it was impossible for this youngster to reveal such an expression.

"Are you scared now?" The gigantic President Bai sneered cruelly. It was practically a roar, the wild and unrestrained sound echoing in that world.

Wang Ling: "..."

Seeing no response from the youngster, President Bai's smile grew even more brilliant. "As expected! You're scared! You finally know how to be afraid!"

Wang Ling: "..."

At that moment, President Bai's body was hundreds of times larger and he looked down at Wang Ling. "In return for my soul, I obtained double the power of Heavenly Dao. No matter what, you will taste suffering with this strike!"

As soon as he said this, his gigantic body unexpectedly changed shape again and actually transformed into an enormous pitch-black spear! A strong wind blew out in all directions, creating a lot of cracks in the space and kicking up a massive storm that ruffled Wang Ling's bangs!

Staring at the scene in front of him, Wang Ling was blank for a while - blank because he couldn't see how on earth this was powerful...

"Go to hell!"

President Bai, who had transformed into a huge spear, was already thrusting down at Wang Ling. It was very fast and it undoubtedly contained devastating, destructive power.

"Sword, come..." Wang Ling pursed his lips and stretched out his hand.

Before President Bai could even completely make out the appearance of this youngster's weapon, he saw the youngster swing his arm, and a brown spirit light flew at President Bai head on!





Chapter 694 Night Ghost Spirit Emperor's Soul-Hunting Plan


This black spear was called the Spear of Fate, which President Bai had bought with his soul and which used his body as a medium for the transformation.

Not only was this President Bai's most powerful attack, it was also his last one.

Because he had sold his soul, it would be directly absorbed by Night Ghost Spirit Emperor after this spear attack, and President Bai would become Night Ghost Spirit Emperor's puppet... taking out a high-interest loan like this was very risky to begin with.

But when President Bai lunged forward, Wang Ling flung Jingke at him at the same time. Compared with the Spear of Fate's gigantic body, Jingke's brown spirit blade was like a tiny and insignificant spark. However, its battle strength was astonishing; when this brown spirit blade approached President Bai, who had transformed into this Spear of Fate, he couldn't help quivering at the looming sense of terror.

He was going to die!

This was his first instinct, as he sensed a killing intent which he had never felt before from this brown spirit blade. This was already his final trump card. He had smugly planned to teach this youngster a lesson, but ultimately had been reduced to such a sorry state and death.

He was bidding farewell to this world in the most tragic way. He might not die, but he had sold his soul to Night Ghost Spirit Emperor for good, and would become his slave — this was an outcome even more wretched than death.

It was over.

Wang Ling gazed at him and didn't utter a single word, not even telepathically.

But in that moment when he collided with Jingke, President Bai indeed read this meaning in this youngster's dead fish eyes.

This battle was already over.

Several seconds after the collision with Jingke, President Bai saw this initially feeble brown spirit blade abruptly grow in size, transforming into a huge light sword which descended on him with crushing force.

As they drew closer to each other, President Bai could hear countless stately and hallowed voices in his ears, which contained an immense, world-shattering pressure that violently shook his heart.

When President Bai and Jingke finally clashed, President Bai's eyes suddenly opened wide and despair was written all over his face.

World-Annihilating Sword.

The ultimate sword technique of the power of Sword Dao.

In his last moment before he perished, it was as if President Bai's mind had cleared. At the same time, he unexpectedly felt a peace he had never felt before. Before the World-Annihilating Sword hit him, he conversely didn't feel any fear, since he knew that once he was struck down by this sword, he wouldn't feel any pain.

The moment they collided, the entire space created by the magic treasure was smashed open with a violent boom.

Wang Ling turned the golden light shield all the way up, for fear that his school uniform would be damaged...

Elsewhere, in Night Chief's secret base in Mixiu nation.

Night Ghost Spirit Emperor knew President Bai had died the moment it happened.

"So, in the end he still lost?" He stared at the soul crystal ball in his hand and watched as President Bai's soul mark gradually faded.

Second President Dylan standing next to him: "May I ask, Lord Spirit Emperor, how strong is the other party?"

Night Ghost Spirit Emperor frowned, and after a long while, shook his head and said indifferently, "Can't measure it."

"It looks like the other party is very strong..."

"Bai Zhe isn't completely dead. He sold his soul to me, but now that I have it, it's only a sliver left." Night Ghost Spirit Emperor chanted under his breath, and an azure soul light instantly appeared in his right palm. This was the soul which President Bai had sold to him, but it was already completely whittled down.

"Is this broken soul still of any use?"

"Whether it's just a remnant or not, as long as there is a sliver left, it's still useful to me." Night Ghost Spirit Emperor gave a faint smile, and then directly ingested President Bai's broken soul between his purple lips.

The moment he finished devouring the remnant soul, he also absorbed President Bai's abilities. He uncovered his right shoulder and took a look; he had initially been wounded by Wang Ling's medicine ball when it had flown one loop around the Earth and then smashed into his right arm, blowing it right off. Even after it had been treated, a scar had remained at the joint.

But after absorbing President Bai's remnant soul, Night Ghost Spirit Emperor obtained President Bai's powerful self-healing ability, and the fracture was instantly evened out, smooth as ever.

To make other people's abilities his own - this was Night Ghost Spirit Emperor's strength; Second President Dylan trembled with fear at this scene.

When he was done absorbing President Bai's remnant soul, it appeared that Night Ghost Spirit Emperor had something else on his mind. After leaning back in his chair for a very long time, he asked languidly, "Hm, by the way, how's it going with the takeover?"

President Dylan replied, "I've already assumed control of all of the work of the Demon Hunters Association and I'll be leaving for Huaxiu nation in the next few days."

"Good." Night Ghost Spirit Emperor nodded. "In addition, I'll leave the task of collecting the souls of the elite members of the Demon Hunters Association to you. Especially Ji Xing's and Yaren's souls; the best would be if you can bring their souls back in one piece."

"Then how should we deal with that youngster who fought President Bai?" asked Dylan.

"That youngster? Hm... it would truly be a splendid thing if we can eat his soul." Night Ghost Spirit Emperor could feel how strong that youngster was from President Bai's remnant soul. The more powerful a person was, the tastier their soul.

Night Ghost Spirit Emperor already couldn't help drooling at this thought.

Dylan: "..."

Night Ghost Spirit Emperor wiped at his saliva. "My apologies, I forgot myself."

Dylan: "..."

Night Ghost Spirit Emperor: "You must be cautious when dealing with this youngster. If we just leave him alone... he'll become Night Chief's biggest bane one day."

"Then what is Lord Spirit Emperor's opinion?"

"The strongest person will also have their weaknesses. The reason why Bai Zhe was defeated this time was that ultimately, he didn't hit the other party where it truly hurts. There has always been something strange about Number 60 High, and acting rashly before thoroughly investigating the other party definitely won't produce good results."

Night Ghost Spirit Emperor laughed. "I have some information here which I purchased from Mo Immortal Castle. According to this intelligence, this youngster seems to have an older brother and they have a good relationship. The critical thing is that this older brother isn't a cultivator. I think this can be our point of attack. When you reach Huaxiu nation, apart from supervising the master plan, assign someone to investigate this person."

"Yes, Lord Spirit Emperor."

"That youngster's soul is pretty tasty. If we can threaten him this time into willingly offering his soul to me in a trade, that would be too wonderful..."

"Lord Spirit Emperor, your saliva..."

"Oh my apologies, I forgot myself again."

Then, President Dylan heard Night Ghost Spirit Emperor suck his drool back in...





Chapter 695 Young Lady Wuji


When Wang Ling opened his eyes again, it was already dusk, and there were several spotlights above his head. He had reappeared at Number 60 High's main gate. The space rift that had appeared earlier had already been sealed off with layer upon layer of seals and barriers. He gave several police officers who had been inspecting the barrier a shock - no one had expected this outcome, that this student who had been swallowed up by this space rift would actually be sent back safe and sound!

Forget the police officers, even Wang Ling himself was confused.

He hadn't expected to be spat out in the same place he had been swallowed up, which led to the surrounding police officers looking at him as if they were seeing a "rare animal."

"What's going on? Didn't they say that he had already been swallowed up?" The police officers scratched their heads, feeling that their overtime tonight was all for nothing...

...

After being spat out by the space, what unavoidably and naturally followed was the police taking Wang Ling's statement as well as asking all kinds of questions. The whole thing actually wasn't too troublesome, since President Bai had already died after giving up his soul, and as the only witness, Wang Ling could say whatever he wanted.

But this time, he didn't push everything on Zhuo Yi.

It was clear at the moment that behind President Bai, there was an even more powerful expert pulling the strings, and this person was the leader of the foreign power, Night Chief. Given the current situation, Wang Ling didn't really want his disciple to shoulder even this overseas "wok"; that would really be going a little too far...

It was already midnight by the time Wang Ling got home, and it was Lord Thunder who personally drove him back to the Wang family's small villa. It was all quiet inside as Wang Ling stood at the front door.

Lord Thunder waited in his car at the gate for a while, thinking that the seniors inside the villa would come out to receive them. When no one came out after a long time, the expression on his face was a little awkward. "Brother Ling, it seems that the seniors have already gone to bed."

"..."

The corner of Wang Ling's mouth twitched.

So Thunder, this fake dad, cared more about him than his own biological parents?!

"Brother Ling, you should also get some early rest. Brother Zhuo and I will handle everything else at the police station." Lord Thunder smiled.

Because Lord Thunder courted death all year round, he frequently came into contact with the police, so dealing with all kinds of cases was a piece of cake. President Bai's body had been destroyed along with the space, and Wang Ling guessed that Night Ghost Spirit Emperor had absorbed whatever was left of his soul... Of course, while he was clear as a mirror about this, he hadn't told the police everything.

Because he really wouldn't be able to explain it clearly if he did.

He was now just a student, and his main priority was the upcoming final exams. If he was foolish enough to tell the police everything, the fact that he was immensely powerful would without doubt be exposed.

What was more, he had attracted too much attention after this incident today.

Wang Ling sighed; initially, his aim had been to be a transparent existence, but given all the things that had happened until now, it was a little hard for him to keep a low profile. Wang Ling felt that talk of him directly achieving an SSR result during the entrance exam at the start of the semester had only just started to die down recently; in the end, he was now the focus of attention once again.

When Wang Ling got out of the car, he gave the Wuji Umbrella which he had taken from President Bai to Thunder, to take back and give to Xiao Yin to handle.

Wuji Umbrella: "Big Brother, hello! Please take care of me! We're one big family from now on!"

Lord Thunder: "..."

Lord Thunder knew about retrieving the Wuji Umbrella. Because there were a lot of things the other man would need to follow up on, Wang Ling had directly relayed his memory of the fight with President Bai in the space to Thunder, so the latter couldn't be any clearer about what had happened.

The moment Lord Thunder accepted the small black umbrella, he couldn't help sighing again. As expected, Brother Ling truly was formidable! He could actually directly invalidate the magic weapon contract!

This technique was too fearsome... In some sense, he thought that Wang Ling was just like a game administrator, who could directly use his identity to unlock game equipment!

But gripping the Wuji Umbrella, Lord Thunder looked concerned. From its tone just now, it was clear that this wasn't an honorable umbrella. The most important thing, moreover, was that this Wuji Umbrella currently didn't have a master after its contract had been erased. If something were to suddenly happen on the way home, Lord Thunder felt it would be very hard for him to quell the situation with his own power.

Given how extraordinary this magic treasure was, he inevitably had to think a little more on the matter. The reason why the Wuji Umbrella was so obedient right now was because Wang Ling was here... Who knew if it would be just as well-behaved when Wang Ling wasn't around?

Just as he was thinking this, Lord Thunder saw Wang Ling suddenly grab hold of one of his hands.

Lord Thunder: "Brother Ling, isn't this a little too fast? I'm not prepared yet..."

Wang Ling: "..." What was this guy thinking about now...

At that moment, Wang Ling fixed his gaze on Lord Thunder and said something to him telepathically, and the latter immediately seemed enlightened.

...

Everything was as Lord Thunder had expected. The Wuji Umbrella, which had been resting quietly on the passenger seat as Lord Thunder took it back, suddenly moved to directly hover in the air and project a virtual image.

This was the human form of the Wuji Umbrella: a young maiden with long, pointy ears and long purple hair, her face wrapped with bandages. Her name was Wuji.

"Was that big shot just now your friend?" asked the Wuji Umbrella's weapon spirit.

Lord Thunder raised his eyebrows. "So what?" His keen intuition was telling him that this Wuji Umbrella was most likely plotting something.

As expected, this umbrella would act up as long as Brother Ling wasn't around!

It was fortunate that Lord Thunder had foreseen all of this.

When Wang Ling had grabbed hold of his hand just now, he had actually deposited a spell inside the Soul Suppression Ring. Although the ring was a resurrection-type magic artifact, it also had a space which could be used to store spells.

"It looks like you're just a Soul Formation cultivator?" the maiden said in a profound voice.

Lord Thunder laughed. "What? Looking down on Soul Formation cultivators?"

The young lady smiled sinisterly. "No, I was just thinking, if..."

"Your plan is to use me as a hostage to threaten Brother Ling."

"You knew?" The young lady was startled.

Holding the steering wheel, Lord Thunder was unperturbed. "Do you know why Brother Ling touched my hand just now?"

The young lady shook her head. ???"

"He put ten flame purification spells in my ring, and said that if you didn't behave, to directly incinerate you." He looked at the young lady. "If you don't believe me, shall we give it a try?"

The young lady: "You actually thought this far ahead..."

Lord Thunder: "Still want to make a move?"

She smiled humbly, then patted him on his shoulder. "Hahaha!! I was just kidding! Aren't we one big family?"

Lord Thunder sighed. "..."

Women flipped faces faster than flipping through a book...





Chapter 696 General Yi's Suspicions


The Demon Hunters Association incident finally came to an end with President Bai blowing himself up, which was the widespread explanation that had been given to city residents. But anyone who was personally involved in this matter all knew that the Demon Hunters Association was just the beginning; before the leader of that foreign power was captured, this matter couldn't be considered over.

The next day was July 26th, the fourteenth Wednesday of the semester.

The news that President Bai, the president of the Demon Hunters Association, had blown himself up spread like wildfire online. Under the pressure from Secretary Dakang of the Alliance of Ten Thousand Schools, every major media outlet left out news on Wang Ling and didn't release any student information. It was the Alliance's responsibility to protect student privacy to begin with... Of course, it was Zhuo Yi who had made the request, otherwise things wouldn't have gone so smoothly.

Early in the morning at Elegant Little Pavilion, General Yi and his assistant Tang Chen were having tea and reading the morning post.

"The crisis was resolved just like that? Is that student really alright?" Old Tang had some doubts; he felt that there was something fishy about this affair, and there were too many suspicious points for which there were no clear explanations.

So many things had happened at Number 60 High, and in the end the school had managed to avoid all disaster. Furthermore, that Director Zhuo Yi of Songhai's General Administration of 100 Schools, who was at the height of his fame, had been involved in practically every incident. He was a graduate of Number 60 High who made a name several years ago after somehow killing a demon king. Moreover, he had been shooting up the ladder like a rocket recently, and had already drawn General Yi's eye.

Putting down the newspaper, General Yi gazed at Old Tang and said, "It appears that you and I share pretty much the same speculation."

Old Tang nodded. "From my humble point of view, there is definitely someone acting as a driving force behind the scenes, and it's someone with plenty of resources."

"Dakang has never mentioned this matter. Sure enough... Is what I am most worried about still going to happen?" General Yi heaved a sigh; this was what he dreaded the most!

In the last few years, the fight against corruption had become increasingly widespread, and practically no one dared commit this crime. If any one of the Ten Generals was corrupt... it would be a heavy blow to Huaxiu nation.

Old Tang: "Does General Yi suspect..."

General Yi hurriedly stopped him. "I do, but we can't say anything rash since we don't have any evidence at the moment."

In fact, General Yi had already started to suspect something a long time ago. Now, he could finally almost see the entire shape of the matter. He was well aware that he wouldn't get anywhere if he questioned Sun Dakang directly. Thus, when all was said and done, he had to start with Number 60 High, and with Zhuo Yi, if he wanted to carry out an investigation... he had indeed been considering this before the Demon Hunters Association incident had come to an end.

But now he had a new plan; he decided to pay the student at the center of this incident a visit at home.

He didn't know if it was his own mistaken impression, but General Yi felt that there was something a little fishy about this.

And as for what kind of person the Almighty who stood behind Director Zhuo Yi was, General Yi had a strong feeling that this trip... would give him an answer!

"Looks like you've made up your mind, General." Seeing General Yi's determined look, Old Tang chuckled.

"I hope the outcome of this matter won't be too terrible. Dakang and I have worked together for thousands of years. Logically speaking, he wouldn't do anything so stupid... but if he's involved in this matter, I'll go all out to arrest him."

When he said this, his eyes flickered. "Separate the public and the private, this is the best way to handle this."

"Does the General need me to make any preparations?" asked Old Tang.

General Yi waved his hand. "Not for now. The Beast King's Remains summer camp in Songhai city is about to start, and I'm supposed to go. I should also go see my foolish junior brother while I'm at it... But before that, I plan to clarify something first..."

...

Elsewhere, Number 60 High was especially noisy this morning, and the focus of attention in Grade One, Class Three was naturally Wang Ling and his "new lease on life."

He came to school particularly early today; when he arrived, there were only a few students who were cleaning the class, and Su Xiao was on his way out the door with several bouquets of flowers which he was going to throw out.

These flowers were from students in other classes at Number 60 High who had bought them yesterday after receiving the news of Wang Ling's mishap. The labels on the flowers even had "Profound Condolences, Classmate Wang Ling" on them.

Wang Ling: "..."

Holding the flowers, Su Xiao ran into Wang Ling just as he left the classroom, and he immediately cried out in alarm, "Holy shit! A living Classmate Wang Ling!"

Wang Ling: "..."

Although the news had already gotten out yesterday that Wang Ling was alive and kicking, Su Xiao was still a little petrified when he saw Wang Ling again.

The class cadre who had come early to clean the classroom had also officially received Teacher Pan's notice that morning. The class was still full of the scent of flowers... When Wang Ling entered, he saw that there was actually a pile of wreaths at his seat.

"Classmate Wang Ling, wait! Let me confirm it!"

Su Xiao stretched out a hand and poked Wang Ling's face.

Hm, it was the same facial paralysis and dead fish eyes, but in any case, this face was warm! It looked like this was indeed a living Classmate Wang Ling!

"Classmate Wang Ling, it's so good that you're still alive! Everyone was so worried! Some of the girls cried yesterday!" said Su Xiao.

Wang Ling listened to Su Xiao describe their classmates' reactions yesterday when he had been fighting President Bai elsewhere.

Among the girls, Sun Rong and Lin Xiaoyu had been the saddest, while the boys had in contrast been more composed. Most of them had been silent, and only Chen Chao acted as if nothing had happened because he felt that Wang Ling would be completely fine.

Yesterday, Su Xiao had thought Chen Chao cold-blooded, but now... Chen Chao's mouth was indeed pretty amazing.

Guo Hao and Chen Chao were chatting as they entered the class, and were stunned the moment they saw Wang Ling.

Guo Hao: "Yo! Wang Ling, you're still alive."

Wang Ling: "Mm..."

Really sorry to disappoint you...

Guo Hao: "Can you reimburse me for the wreath I bought yesterday?"

Wang Ling: "..."

Since it was purely a joke, Wang Ling's expression remained completely unchanged.

Chen Chao patted his thigh. "Look, what did I say? I said he would definitely be fine! This is our class mascot, after all! How can something happen to him?"

Wang Ling: "..."

"Did you read the news this morning? I heard that this President Bai blew himself up in the space and there was nothing left of him." Chen Chao smiled. "Look, not only did Wang Ling escape a calamity, he even got President Bai to blow himself up after he was caught by the other party... If it isn't for the fact that he's in the same high school as us, I'd suspect that he's the protagonist!"

"Are these two things necessarily linked?" Su Xiao asked doubtfully.

Chen Chao didn't know whether to laugh or cry. "What protagonist would choose to study in an ordinary high school... there's a hole in his brain otherwise!"

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 697 A Special Guest


It was bound to be a rowdy morning. Wang Ling's safe return became Number 60 High's newest topic of discussion, and it directly reinforced Wang Ling's identity as a "mascot." He heard a lot of stories, and felt that man was forever the type of creature to never know how to cherish something until it was gone.

He had been doing his best all this time to stay low-key and diminish his existence, but once people heard the grievous news about Wang Ling, all of his schoolmates at Number 60 High, whether they knew him or not, had felt like there were fishbones stuck in their throats.

Some of the girls in his class who were normally very carefree had cried with grief yesterday.

The person who surprised Wang Ling the most was Teacher Pan, who had taken leave today and hadn't come to school. She had reportedly cried herself hoarse yesterday and her mental state wasn't very good, so she had been forced to ask Director Shi for leave.

A mental blow would forever be the most dreadful thing. Old Pan had taught for so many years, and had never encountered a situation where a student of hers was involved. Thus, after hearing about this incident, she had been dealt a heavy psychological blow. Although there normally were times when she would lose her temper with her students over their studies, in Old Pan's eyes, every student was actually like her own child.

Wang Ling had always thought that this was just a saying, so his heart sank when he learned the news and the reason that Old Pan was taking leave today.

He should have given it more thought when he had made a move yesterday. For example, if he had left a clone in school, perhaps things wouldn't have developed to this extent now.

But at that time, he had already sensed President Bai's murderous aura from the classroom, and Wang Ling hadn't thought too much before stepping out of the school gate to meet the challenge head on. If he had been any later, the space trap hidden at the school gate would definitely have sucked in other students.

This had been an unforeseen mishap this time, and it was obvious that President Bai had devised this plan on the spur of the moment, since Wang Ling's early eyelid warning hadn't given him any sign beforehand.

Sometimes, you really couldn't guard against this type of impromptu behavior. However, there was a saying: "for every fall into a moat, you gain a measure of wisdom." After his experience in managing the crisis this time, Wang Ling felt he should be a lot more knowledgeable now when he ran into trouble again in the future.

Hm...

Wait...

Why had he said "again"...

...

Not long after Wang Ling left for school that morning, the Wang family's small villa received a guest.

A robust-looking middle-aged uncle with a sturdy build and wearing a well-ironed suit stopped the car by the villa's gate.

"Come get me in the evening," the middle-aged man said.

"Yes, sir." The driver nodded his head, and drove off right away after the middle-aged man got out of the car. This already wasn't the driver's first time here, so he knew the nearby roads very well. The closest restaurant to the villa was Midnight Dining Hall; although Boss Tan wasn't officially open yet at this time, and was only offering newly released summer refreshments, it would be enough to kill time with.

This was a frequent visitor to the Wang family's small villa, but Wang Ling had never seen him before because this uncle always came on a weekday.

Hearing the activity at the gate from inside the villa, Mother Wang hastily went to open the door. "Welcome, Your Excellency, come in, come in!"

This was a big figure they couldn't afford to slight!

When the middle-aged man entered, Mother Wang took out a pair of slippers from the shoe cupboard, specially prepared for this uncle.

"Is Brother Situ still writing upstairs?" the middle-aged uncle asked after changing into the slippers.

"Mm, he's already written a lot today."

Mother Wang: "What would Your Excellency like to eat for lunch?"

"Anything is fine! I'm not here to eat, after all! But it would be best if it isn't broccoli... I've realized that every time I come here, there's always broccoli. I'm a little tired of it!" said the middle-aged man.

Mother Wang: "Very well, Your Excellency..."

...

Elsewhere, General Yi, who had already made up his mind to check out the situation at the Wang family's small villa, was making preparations. Making inquiries was one thing, but he still needed to follow protocol.

Hence, it was very important to find a suitable excuse.

By the time General Yi arrived in Songhai city, his former subordinates had already arranged everything.

In fact, it wasn't just in Songhai city, but General Yi had former subordinates in every province throughout Huaxiu nation. Before he retired, all of the sword cultivators in Huaxiu had had to abide by his arrangements. These sword cultivators had been deployed as SWAT teams, and after General Yi's retirement, these former subordinates had then moved up to become leaders.

So even though he was already retired, the current leadership all still had the utmost respect for their old leader.

Logically speaking, calling on the student who had been the focus of the news and his parents was something that the education department should be informed of, but General Yi didn't want to alert the Alliance of Ten Thousand Schools this time, so everything was done secretly.

"Everything has been prepared accordingly? What name are we using this time?" Sitting inside the office at Songhai city's police hall, General Yi flipped through the news on Wang Ling.

He had initially wanted to look up personal information on this student called Wang Ling, only to discover that there was so little information on him in all the newspapers it was pathetic. There wasn't even a photo of him, whether in the newspapers or online.

He was now more and more curious; who on earth was controlling the whole situation behind the scenes?

"Yes, teacher, everything has already been arranged. This time, we'll be going in the name of the Poverty Relief Foundation." A provincial leader stood respectfully in front of General Yi; this was the head of the police hall. Quite a number of police personnel wore amazed expressions when they saw this scene through the windows as they passed by the office.

It was said that every thing had its weakness, and no one had expected this irascible provincial head to have such an obedient side.

"Poverty Relief Foundation?"

"Yes, this student previously received aid through the poverty relief plan jointly carried out by Number 60 High and the General Administration of 100 Schools."

"Hm, what did this child ask for? An energy-replenishing pill? A Foundation Establishment pill? Or a spirit-gathering pill? Or even... money?" General Yi nodded his head as he continued asking questions.

He had mentioned several types of pills in one go; these were the commonly used supplementary pills required for cultivation at the Foundation Establishment stage in order to help speed up cultivation.

"No matter what this child wants, we can't go bare-handed since we're going in the name of the Poverty Relief Foundation. No matter what aid was given to him before, we need to give him double the amount this time," General Yi said very earnestly.

In the end, this provincial head shook his head. "No, no, no, teacher, this student asked for crispy noodle snacks..."

Hearing this, General Yi was blank; suddenly, he felt a little old and a little muddle-headed.

Crispy noodle snacks?

Was this a new type of pill?





Chapter 698 General Yi's Probe


This wasn't the head of state's first time dropping by the villa, but he knew absolutely nothing about Wang Ling. Wang Ling's room was right in front of Father Wang's study, but the head of state had never entered it.

However, he had seen a photo before; it was the only undoctored photo of Wang Ling, which was kept in a drawer in Father Wang's study. Even if the head had never seen Wang Ling in person, this photo wouldn't be turned into a bunch of pixels by the "Great Shielding Spell." This photo had been specially prepared for the head of state. Whenever he came, all the gremlins in the Wang family's small villa would enter sleep mode in case the head noticed something fishy.

Hm, from the photo, this was indeed a very average-looking, ordinary high school student.

This was the head of state's first impression of Wang Ling after seeing his photo.

Entering the study, he directly sat down in the chair next to Father Wang; this chair had initially been put out for Lie Mengmeng, but he hadn't come today.

Of course, Lie Mengmeng had no idea at all that the chair he always used was the same one that the head of state did.

In Father Wang's eyes, this chair was now very valuable.

If the head of state ate a vegetable steamed bun, this could translate to the launch of a head of state set meal which would be several times more expensive. This chair had become an even more culturally significant collector's item. There were now plenty of chairs identical to this one in the villa's basement, all of which the head of state had sat on before. Every time he came, Father Wang would replace the chair with a new one...

"Brother Situ? Is Little Wang Ling alright?" the head of state directly asked not long after he sat down. "If you're having a tough time, you must tell me, and I'll have someone make some arrangements."

"What kind of arrangements?"

"For example, a psychologist? Do you know Minister Luo?" said the head of state.

Father Wang broke out in a sweat on the spot.

How could he not know Minister Luo? This was one of the Ten Founding Generals and also the Medicine Saint...

"No need..."

Father Wang laughed and scratched the back of his head. "Thank you for Your Excellency's concern. His mental state is pretty good and he went to school this morning after getting up."

"Really? Looks like Little Wang Ling's mentality is pretty good! He's very strong at resisting pressure!" The head also laughed. "Nowadays, young people need to live with pressure if they want to get anywhere. Looks like Little Wang Ling definitely has a bright future!"

"Hahaha! Your Excellency, you flatter him! His grades are just so-so!"

"Also, when will you be done with that singer who stole your song previously?"

This was beyond Father Wang's expectations as he realized that the head of state was still pretty concerned about this matter.

In fact, the head had sent Father Wang a private message before to ask him about it, because some time ago, he had been pissed off by a music-cutting whiz called "Li Yuanjie 1 ," who had plagiarized several melodies and crammed them together in a song.

1(Worth noting here that this is a direct mention of a real case, as it'll pop up again in a later chapter ..) "There's no rush, we're now heating up the water to boil the frog, and we're planning to slowly cook him to death. Fans are regularly entering his live stream room daily to demolish it and ferret out his deeds."

"Mm, he has to pay for what he's done sooner or later." The head of state nodded. "When it comes to internal affairs, as long as it isn't against the law or unethical, and it's nothing that crosses the line, I can help Brother Situ sort out everything neatly!"

Saying this, the head gave a thumbs-up and grinned.

"Alright..."

Father Wang was overwhelmed by this favor.

Once again, he couldn't help sighing emotionally in his heart.

To have the head of state as a fan was truly a good thing; he could make the arrangements and everything would be sorted...

...

Around lunchtime at noon, Father Wang and the head of state were eating in the dining room. Mother Wang had prepared a table full of home cooking.

The Wang family's small villa received a phone call from the "Poverty Relief Foundation."

From the other end came the sweet voice of the customer service lady. "May I ask if this is Student Wang Ling's parent?"

Mother Wang: "That's right, may I ask what's the matter?"

"It's like this. We noticed that a month ago, Student Wang Ling accepted charity aid and asked for crispy noodle snacks."

Mother Wang: "..."

"Student Wang Ling was in perpetual danger recently, and the leaders of the Poverty Relief Foundation are highly concerned. They have thus decided to pay a visit in person to express their sympathies as well as to present you with double... the crispy noodle snacks." When she said this, the customer service lady already couldn't help dropping her forehead in her hand. What kind of weird relief aid was this!

Mother Wang: "Ah... then may I ask when the leaders will come?"

"Please hold, let me check the time."

Mother Wang was actually bewildered when she listened to this on the phone. She knew about the Poverty Relief Foundation, but she had never expected the foundation to give them a call at this time, and even less that it would draw their leaders' attention enough to pay them a visit.

After all, their family had indeed received this "relief aid," so Mother Wang felt that it wouldn't be very proper to directly reject them.

"Is this afternoon a convenient time?"

"So soon?" Mother Wang was startled.

After she hung up, Father Wang raised his head and asked, "Who was it?"

"It was the Poverty Relief Foundation. They said that a leader would be coming here this afternoon."

"Did you confirm their identity? It's not a swindler, is it?" Father Wang frowned.

"This is a government organization. If someone dares pretend to be from the foundation, I'll definitely sort them out." The head of state chuckled.

Father Wang and Mother Wang: "..."

...

At noon, General Yi brought the supplies with him as he personally left for the Wang family's small villa; he had a strong feeling that the puppeteer behind this entire affair was in this villa...

Moreover, before he could get close, he already sensed an unusual aura inside the villa.

The supply van carrying the crispy noodle snacks followed closely behind General Yi's car. In the passenger seat, General Yi looked into the distance and sent out his spiritual senses.

He was one hundred percent certain that there was an expert inside this villa... furthermore, this person wasn't any less powerful than he was, and even surpassed him!

Who on earth was it?

General Yi acknowledged that he was in no way the most powerful in Huaxiu nation, but he ranked in the top ten in terms of overall battle strength; he could count on his fingers those who were stronger than him. Of course, he couldn't eliminate the possibility that there were some cultivation experts in the dark that he didn't know about.

Finally, was everything going to come to light?

He narrowed his eyes, highly curious about the identities of the people in the villa.

When they approached the Wang family's small villa, he ordered the driver, "Stop the car. I'll take a look around first."

He had the driver stop his car fifty meters from the villa and he got out. The moment the car door opened, General Yi straightaway put his hands behind his back and floated over.

"Let me see who on earth you are..."

He floated at the entrance to the Wang family's small villa and directly sent out his spirit senses in a probe.

Although this was a probe, a clash in spiritual senses between cultivators was the most direct way of sounding out the other party. It was similar to two people shaking hands when they met and competing to see whose grip was stronger; it was the most direct reflection of basic strength.

Inside the villa, the head of state was absorbed in reading Father Wang's draft when he suddenly felt a chill on his back. This was the feeling of a probe with spiritual senses.

The head was taken aback. "???"

Someone was actually feeling out this place?

Heh...

You have guts.





Chapter 699 Smile Gradually Turning "Wicked"


This feeling of being observed in secret instantly caused the head of state to be on full alert right away, and Father Wang noticed that the head's expression didn't look right.

"Someone's at the entrance." The head bookmarked what he had been reading and then stood up to look out the window.

He had been interrupted while reading very cheerfully, which made him a little unhappy.

"Is it the people from the foundation?" Father Wang remembered hearing what sounded like a car drive by earlier. The Wang family's small villa was located on East Huang Road in the outskirts and it was usually very desolate, so they would clearly hear any car that drove by.

"I don't know for now, but I want to meet this person." The head of state frowned.

Even if they were from the foundation, who would drop in and do a probe like this?

"Then..." Father Wang opened his mouth and subconsciously felt like the head of state was about to sort something out once again.

The head stared at him seriously. "Brother Situ, you sit there and don't move. While I go sort this out, you can do more writing."

Father Wang: "..."

...

At the entrance, General Yi frowned deeply after his probe.

This was because he had felt his spiritual senses dispelled. It was obvious that the expert inside the villa had sensed his probing and then stopped his prying. It was clear that this was a supremely powerful expert.

General Yi carefully surveyed the villa's location. As far as he knew, this stretch of road was quite remote and had ordinary fengshui.

Why would such an expert choose to live in seclusion in such a remote place?

Nothing made sense.

For now, there were a few things General Yi felt that he had to figure out.

One, this mysterious expert's connection to Zhuo Yi of the General Administration of 100 Schools as well as to Secretary Sun Dakang.

Two, this mysterious expert's identity and strength.

Three, this mysterious expert's true objective.

Considering that more and more foreign forces were becoming more active recently, General Yi even started to wonder if this mysterious expert was a foreigner.

And the one thing that General Yi had always dreaded the most, and had been surreptitiously on high alert against, was collusion between higher-ups in Huaxiu Alliance and foreign forces.

But he now finally had some clues!

There's a mole... stop the deal1!

1(A line from the Hong Kong film "Infernal Affairs" that has become iconic.) So, the day when he could shout out this catchphrase himself had come?

At that moment, General Yi recalled that classic story.

Foreign forces had without a doubt dispatched spies to Huaxiu nation, and had even already bribed quite a number of mid-tier cadre into becoming informants. Over the years, General Yi had gathered plenty of evidence, and most of the high officials in various regions who had been sacked during this time were linked to this. But the ranks of these leaders were too low, which wasn't good enough! Thus, General Yi had been wondering all these years what he could do, given his retired status, to hook a big fish.

It was very obvious that the mysterious expert inside this villa was a big fish!

While General Yi was feeling excited, he suddenly saw the scene in front of him change.

After a few seconds, he appeared in a blistering hot landscape and was surrounded by volcanoes which could erupt at any moment! The ground burned with red-hot flames and there were actually nine suns in the sky!

"It's genuinely hot... Is this an intrinsic spirit field?"

He narrowed his eyes as he hovered in the air, his training clothes also floating on the waves of heat.

To be able to instantly produce an intrinsic spirit field was ample proof of how powerful the person in the villa was. The most critical thing was that this person had dragged General Yi into the field but was not here himself... There were very few people in the world who were capable of separating themselves from their intrinsic spirit field.

It seemed that this was a very tough enemy.

General Yi calmly analyzed the situation; even if he hadn't been cautious in acting first and had put himself in an unfavorable position, he still showed no signs of fluster.

He stretched out his hand. A soft golden ring of light instantly appeared around his right hand, and General Yi pulled a freezing cold, azure-colored ice sword out of it.

The instant this ice sword was drawn out, the initially boiling hot ground was in a flash covered in a layer of frost which radiated out from General Yi and gradually spread over the surroundings.

Not only that, even his outfit changed.

In the blink of an eye, the training clothes which General Yi had been wearing was covered in magical ice armor, and he looked like an ancient knight.

...

On the other side, inside the Wang family's small villa, the head of state used a projection spell to project a view of the intrinsic spirit field in the study.

"Hehe, it's been several centuries, but this boy hasn't made any progress." The head smiled slightly, then turned to Father Wang to explain, "Brother Situ, do you see that golden ring of light? That's his infinite sword repository, which contains his collection of tens of thousands of magic swords."

Father Wang opened his eyes wide; this battle scene was just like watching a blockbuster!

"This infinite sword repository can automatically pick out the most suitable magic sword for Little Yiyi to use, based on his situation. In addition, each sword is part of a holy armor set, and so comes with armor exclusive to it," said the head of state.

Previously, Father Wang had actually considered asking Wang Ling to fight and thus help provide material as reference for his novel. But he was deeply worried that Wang Ling wouldn't be able to control his strength and would muck up while playing around... also, getting Wang Ling to participate in a fight was itself very risky, so all this time, Father Wang had basically collected material for his novel's fight scenes from TV dramas.

But a drawback of this was that films in the end were mostly fictional, and certainly couldn't create the true shock of personal experience!

Looking at this scene in that moment, Father Wang unexpectedly felt like a lightbulb had instantly lit up in his mind.

This was an obvious sign that he had been hit with inspiration!

The head of state had seen this before!

But most of the time, Father Wang would only be hit with this burst of inspiration after smoking a cigar.

This was why the head of state sent him cigars every month. But it seemed that these cigars alone had already stopped working in the past few months, and Father Wang had been searching for a new way to help him gain inspiration. Previously, he had been fond of thinking while on the toilet, but gave it up after he developed hemorrhoids from spending too much time on it...

Now, the head of state's eyes immediately lit up at this scene. "Brother Situ, you have inspiration now?"

"Yes!" Father Wang nodded his head solemnly. "Following the part that Your Excellency is now reading, it just so happens that there's a fight scene, and I've been pondering how to write it... If possible, I hope to be able to obtain more material on the art of battle."

"Very well! Leave it to me!"

The head of state nodded.

He just wanted to see a fight scene, right?

Too easy...

The head of state stared at Little Yiyi trapped in the intrinsic spirit field, his smile gradually turning "wicked2."

2(Refers to a meme which starts with the words "smile gradually turning...")





Chapter 700 The Head of State's Infinite Spirit Field


Father Wang had rich writing experience, but his writing wasn't perfect. He had always felt that fight scenes were his weak point since he had never specially observed a battle.

This was such a rare opportunity for him to gather some truly reliable material to enrich his writing.

"Truly a troublesome guy." General Yi, who had used the infinite sword repository to summon the Cold Frost Sword and cover himself in frost armor, frowned. The Cold Frost Sword was currently the most suitable magic sword to counter this stifling hot field, but he knew that he wouldn't be able to rely purely on this sword for too long.

The other party was stronger than he was, and he could directly feel that the temperature in the field was still rising; thus, he had to destroy this field as soon as possible.

"In my name as Blademaster, I'll cut open this field!" Taking a deep breath, General Yi imbued the Cold Frost Sword in his hand with boundless spirit energy, and in a split second, icy mist rolled out as the cold air surged forth to cover at least half the field!

Father Wang was amazed at this scene, and then he saw this mist which had spread out actually begin to coalesce together again to swiftly turn into an ice-blue sword blade which cut through the air.

The sword blade pierced the sky and spilt open the space as effortlessly as cutting tofu.

It looked like it took nothing at all for the Cold Frost Sword to cut open the intrinsic field space.

Father Wang tsked in wonder at this scene. "As expected of General Yi..."

Not including Wang Ling, Father Wang recalled that in the most recent release of this year's power ranking list for Huaxiu cultivators, General Yi's overall strength had put him in the top ten.

"You think this is the end, just like this?" The head of state laughed.

Puzzled, Father Wang stared at the image broadcast. General Yi had indeed cut open the intrinsic spirit field with that one swing from his sword just now.

Judging from the smile on his face, it was obvious that he was extremely confident in his sword strike just now.

But in the next moment, General Yi's face gradually drained of color.

Because he realized that he was still inside the intrinsic spirit field!

This time, the scene was different as the number of suns in the sky had doubled to eighteen!

"How can this be?" General Yi looked at this scene in disbelief.

"In the end, Little Yiyi is still green..."

In the study, the head of state gazed at this image and explained, "I've never used my intrinsic spirit field with Little Yiyi around before, so he doesn't know at all that this field is mine."

Father Wang made notes on his computer as he listened seriously. "Do intrinsic spirit fields vary in their attributes?"

"Of course."

The head nodded. "As everyone knows, the intrinsic spirit field takes the form of a small world, and is also called an internal small world. After it's perfectly formed inside the body, it can be instantly discharged in battle. Furthermore, only the person who discharged the intrinsic spirit field can use the spirit energy contained inside it. That is to say, once you are caught and dragged into an intrinsic spirit field, you have to think of a way to break it open as soon as possible, otherwise once you've used up all your spirit energy, you'll be at a disadvantage.

"The attribute which Brother Situ mentioned is probably what is called the spirit field's secret law, in technical terms. Every person's field has its own exclusive secret law that can usually be classified according to the five spiritual root elements. And while my field's secret law might look like fire, it is in fact an infinite ability."

Father Wang earnestly gathered all this information together. "Infinite ability? Can Your Excellency elaborate on that?

"Hm, Brother Situ can actually think of it like a Matryoshka doll."

"..."

"My intrinsic spirit field has nine layers in total. In order to break it open, you need to break apart all nine layers in one go before you can come out. What Little Yiyi cut open just now was only the innermost layer." Saying this, the head of state smiled slightly. "Little Yiyi is still green..."

"If there are only nine layers, why is it called infinite?"

"Simple, because the intrinsic spirit field can automatically restore itself."

"..."

"In other words, Little Yiyi has to hurry up and destroy the next eight layers. Otherwise, once the innermost layer that was destroyed just now is perfectly restored, it will wrap itself around the outermost layer. This, is the infinite ability."

"..."

For some reason, Father Wang suddenly felt a little sorry for General Yi!

...

Just as the head of state had said, General Yi had never seen his intrinsic spirit field before and thus had no idea who was the enemy he was now fighting. Furthermore, it was the first time that the experienced and knowledgeable General Yi had seen an intrinsic spirit field with this "infinite" attribute, so he had completely no idea what he was facing.

The second layer of the intrinsic spirit field was hotter than the first one, and the Cold Frost Sword wasn't as effective here. General Yi could already see drops of water forming along the Cold Frost Sword, which seemed to be melting.

"Multi-layered intrinsic spirit field?"

This was General Yi's initial guess, and while he wasn't completely right, to be able to make this connection in this situation was already very astute of him.

At that moment in the study, the head of state suddenly turned to look at Father Wang. "Brother Situ, want to see Little Yiyi's most powerful sword? But it won't be easy to make him produce it; we'll have to provoke him first."

"Sure!"

Father Wang looked expectant. "But how will we do that?"

It had to be known that for General Yi to be able to reach his realm, he basically didn't get angry or explode too easily. Provoking him would be difficult, second only to making Wang Ling smile...

"No one knows Little Yiyi better than I do. I'll sort it out, Brother Situ, just watch."

After saying that, the head of state opened his eyes, turned his gaze to the image broadcast and said softly to General Yi, who was in the intrinsic spirit field, "Scared?"

In Father Wang's ears, it was a very light word, but inside the intrinsic spirit field, the sound was magnified endlessly. It was deafening, and General Yi couldn't help but cover his ears.

The head of state changed the sound of his voice so that General Yi wouldn't be able to parse his true identity.

"Your Excellency, who on earth are you?" General Yi asked the air in the second intrinsic spirit field after he regained his composure.

The head of state: "You are not qualified to know who I am. I'm just warning you, if this goes on, you'll die for sure. So... want to surrender?"

"You want me to surrender?" General Yi heaved a deep sigh.

Since he had no idea what this intrinsic spirit field was like, he thought that it wasn't necessarily wrong to feign surrender for the moment... all was fair in war.

As long as he could leave this place, he would be vigilant next time and it wouldn't be so easy for the other party to drag him into the intrinsic spirit field again.

Just as General Yi was thinking this, the head of state's voice came through again. "I want you to yell 'I'm not the Blademaster' three times. If you do that, I'll set you free."

Father Wang never expected General Yi's expression to abruptly change at these words.

He saw General Yi's face quiver slightly as wisps of golden-red sword qi started to rise off his body; even his white spiky hair became awash in the same color.

Father Wang was stunned. "..." What the hell?! Super Saiyan God?!