Chapter 1801 Forming a group to cheat


Guo Hao felt tired just by receiving Mike Abei. The most important thing was that he was despised by Mike Abei... Although it was not that Guo Hao didn't know what his problem was. Even if he was I'm a little fatter. But I didn't eat the rice you added! What's wrong with being a little fatter?

"Don't take it too seriously...it's a blessing to be able to eat." Forced to do so, Li Youyue could only comfort her from a girl's perspective: "You have to believe that you are a flexible fat man!"

I don't know why these words sounded good. But Guo Hao always felt that the blow to him was even greater.

After all, it's not his fault that he's fat. It's mainly a genetic problem. Almost 80% of his uncles' weight is calculated by the ton. He can't be blamed for this.

"Thank you for your hard work, Guo. Let's look at mine next." Chen Chao saw Guo Hao's uncomfortable look. Naturally, as a brother, he couldn't bear it. He took the initiative to step forward and take over the identity of the temporary Gray Cult leader.

At this moment, another voice sounded outside the suite door.

"Hello. My name is Pei Xiaoyuan. I'm here...to see the leader of Gray Cult!"

It was the voice of a boy about fourteen years old. The slightly hoarse and extremely childish voice fully demonstrated that the boy was in the period of voice change that is common among teenagers.

Li Youyue stepped forward and opened the door. A young man with short black ear-length hair and a long braid hanging from the back of his head. He had fair skin and a pair of conspicuous ears. He immediately walked in like an elf. In the door of the room.

He was wearing dark purple clothes, thin stockings and a pair of black leather shoes. At first glance, he could tell that he was dressed like a child from a wealthy family in Glio City. The nobility exuding from his body came to the fore. It made people feel proud. A feeling that can be viewed from a distance but not played with.

Chen Chao was sitting on the sofa. Behind him was a row of people from Number 60 High School. He held his chin with his fingers crossed. He looked at the elf-like boy in front of him. His tone was pretending to be low: "Hello. I am the leader of Gray Cult." "

"Eh? You are actually the leader of Gray Cult?" Just like Mike Abei before. After learning that Chen Chao was the leader of Gray Cult, Pei Xiaoyuan's slightly surprised face revealed a little bit of disappointment.

"Why. Are you disappointed to see that the leader of Gray Cult is a man? Do you think that the leader of Gray Cult is a big sister? Do you still want to have a vigorous love affair with the leader of Gray Cult?" Chen Chao said.

He was making random nonsense. As a result, Pei Xiaoyuan became red-faced on the spot. Chen Chao's words hit his heart on the spot and he was stunned.

"Where...there is no way! I have no intention of falling in love with the leader of Gray Cult! Let alone the idea of pursuing her!" Pei Xiaoyuan became anxious and retorted directly.

Such a reaction made everyone at Number 60 High School, including Wang Ling, suddenly feel like thunder. Even Sun Rong, who was secretly observing in the room, slapped his face. He was also shocked in his heart.

Rub! Look at this reaction...

Sure enough, I just want to fall in love with the leader of Gray Cult!

Chen Chao just didn't want to make the same mistake as Guo Hao. Therefore, he decided to strike preemptively the moment the boy entered the room. Unexpectedly, he unintentionally hit the boy's mind.

"You are young and don't study hard. You don't think about these things. Are you fully developed? You just want to fall in love with a girl who is older than you?"

Chen Chao smiled and said: "Children, studying hard now is the right way. There is no future if you mature too early. If you do this, your father will be very disappointed."

"He is disappointed when he loves to be disappointed. I wish he would be more disappointed!" Pei Xiaoyuan said dissatisfied: "That guy. He is away from home all day long! So I decided to fall in love. Then find a woman to get married. I would surprise him by secretly giving birth to a child!" As long as he has a grandson, I'm afraid he won't have time to work. In this case, he can stay at home all day long and help me take care of the baby."

Pei Xiaoyuan gritted his teeth and said, "I have always dreamed of one day being able to put my father in a cage with my own hands! He has no idea how hard my mother and I live!"

When everyone at Number 60 High School heard this, they all gasped: "..."

Why are today's children so extreme...

This is already considered a brace, right?

Why do you always like to put your father in a cage and raise him?

In fact, after Mike Abei and Pei Xiaoyuan's "scoring twice", Wang Muyu actually had similar thoughts in his heart... But it was a pity. He felt that he couldn't beat {{id_00004 with his current strength. }}. Not to mention putting his father in a cage. It’s good that he wasn’t sent over and locked up.

Wang Ling: "..."

"Classmate Xiao Yuan, what you are doing is definitely wrong in the first place. If you want to cause trouble for your father, just carry out our Gray Cult mission secretly." Chen Chao said: "From your description, your father Obsessed with work all day long. He must be a big shot, right?"

"What a big shot. He is a team leader of the Heavenly Dao Alliance." Pei Xiaoyuan spread his hands.

Speaking of this, the expressions of everyone at Number 60 High School changed instantly.

The first person to come was Mike Abei, the daughter of General Mike Assi...

Pei Xiaoyuan who is here now is actually the son of a team leader in the Heavenly Dao League...

A positioning coordinate. Actually developed two such outstanding undercover insiders?

Everyone at Number 60 High School couldn't believe that this was true.

Everything went so smoothly. It was like a miracle!

Sun Rong was also a little confused in the room. She initially suspected that it was probably the senior named Qin Zhong who sent a wave of luck in their direction... and this was the legendary Purple Qi from the East. ah!

But it is obvious that Pei Luoqi is very secretive about the nature of his work. As a result, Pei Xiaoyuan has no idea what Pei Luoqi does.

Pei Xiaoyuan gave a helpless smile and said, "I don't know what my father does in that inexplicable organization. He can be so happy as a team leader. Isn't he just a collector of homework?"

Number 60 High School everyone: "..."

Hearing this. Wang Ling couldn't help but shed a drop of cold sweat on his forehead.

It's okay to collect homework...

Given the nature of the work of the Heavenly Dao Alliance, the meaning behind this job is that it is just a loss.

"So. Do you think there's anything unusual about your father recently?"

At this time, Chen Chao asked: "No matter how small the information is."

Pei Xiaoyuan thought carefully for a moment, and then said: "That's right! I remembered... Uh, it doesn't seem right. I don't know if this matter has anything to do with my father."

"Let's talk and listen first." Chen Chao smiled.

"It's like this. I found that every time my father left home, the Archpope of St. Peter's Basilica would come to my house to preach."

"Preach?"

"Yes."

Pei Xiaoyuan nodded and said: "The Pope said, my father is away from home all day because there are evil things in the house. So he brought a cross and holy water. Every time, he and my mother had to work together for a while before he came out... "

Number 60 High School everyone: "..."





Chapter 1802 Signature of Wang Ling


After chatting for about ten minutes, Pei Xiaoyuan left. He left under the comfort of everyone at Number 60 High School. Although even Pei Xiaoyuan himself did not realize what happened.

After receiving the news that he was going back to wait for instructions, Chen Chao took another signature of the leader of Gray Cult and gave it to Pei Xiaoyuan. Pei Xiaoyuan almost fainted with joy.

In fact, this signature was signed by Wang Ling. It has nothing to do with Sun Rong, Chen Chao.

"Look what I'm doing, Lingzi. Think about it. Sun Rong's boss was in the room just now. How could he come out to sign it? Otherwise, everything would be exposed. You secretly signed one that she gave as a gift. This plan is perfect. "

Chen Chao gave a thumbs up. He bared his teeth and said with a smile: "And Sun Rong's boss has been imitating your handwriting. It's not like you don't know. Her signature is the same as yours. On the surface, it's actually There's no difference. Except for a few of us, don't worry, no one can see it."

Wang Ling: "..."

No difference?

Of course there is a difference...

And there is a big difference.

Pei Xiaoyuan's father is the leader of a group in the Heavenly Dao League. His family is so close to the Archpope...

The cross and the so-called holy water. Wang Ling I don’t know if it works.

But this signature of his can really ward off evil spirits... and is extremely lethal!

"This time, I really bother everyone. Mrs. Raven has sent over the information for the variety show challenge. Let's discuss how to deal with it."

At this time. Sun Rong walked out of the room with a red face and said.

She heard Chen Chao talking about imitating the Wang Ling font in front of everyone in the suite.

This was tantamount to a public execution. It made her so shy that she just wanted to find a hole in the ground to crawl into...

She had no choice but to open the door and change the subject to discuss the variety show challenge.

If these big guys are allowed to expand the topic...

I'm afraid it will really get out of control later on.

...

On the other side, Pei Xiaoyuan received the signature of Gray Cult leader signed by Wang Ling. His heart was filled with joy.

I didn't expect that the leader of Gray Cult who looked like a big boss could actually sign such a delicate name. Sure enough, Gray Cult is indeed a place where cultural people gather.

Pei Xiaoyuan has loved Chinese culture since he was a child, especially Chinese characters. He thinks these are the most beautiful characters in the world. In the conversation in the suite just now, he all used Mandarin.

Although he didn't speak so fluently and with a strong accent, judging from the results of the conversation, at least the Huaxiu people understood it.

"Master." Downstairs of the hotel, surrounded by several white warriors, Pei Xiaoyuan got back into his black business car. The butler had been waiting for a long time.

"The things are done. Now go home." Pei Xiaoyuan was in a good mood.

Returning to the entrance hall of the small western-style building where he lived, he saw the Archpope's boots again.

As before, he heard chanting coming from the house.

"Haah...haah..."

"Ha...ha...li...lu...ya!"

Although Pei Xiaoyuan didn't know why the voice sounded so urgent, he didn't take it to heart.

It was very difficult for the Archpope to come to their home to exorcise demons. It seems quite normal to be prone to lack of oxygen when reciting holy books.

He returned to his room as usual. He locked the door obediently, opened his small drawer, and stored the Wang Ling signature of the leader of Gray Cult in the drawer.

...

When Pei Luoqi arrived home, the first thing he saw was his wife fainted in the bedroom. The expression on her face was ugly. She was in a state of confusion.

Lying on the other side was the disheveled Pope...

At that moment, Pei Luoqi's mind went blank. He didn't know what happened. That such a thing could happen.

As the leader of a group in the Heavenly Dao League, Pei Luoqi tried his best to suppress his overwhelming emotions and calm down his mind.

He checked his wife's injuries. He was surprised to find that his wife had no traces of being tainted. She was just obviously a little frightened and in a trance.

"Dear, what on earth... happened?" Pei Luoqi was full of doubts.

"It was the Great Pope who... protected me..."

When Pei Luoqi's wife said this, tears flowed down: "You have been away from home. I don't know how to tell you about this... Earlier, when the Pope came to visit me and Xiao Yuan, he discovered our home. There is a jealous ghost..."

"Jealous ghost?"

"The Archpope said. This is a kind of evil spirit produced by excessive jealousy in life... It thrives by collecting people's jealousy. And this jealous ghost was single in life, so it is most unlikely to see a happy family. ."

At this point, Pei Luoqi's wife couldn't help crying again: "And that jealous ghost has always wanted to taint me..."

"Such a thing could happen!" Pei Luoqi was shocked. He hugged his wife tightly: "I'm sorry, dear. I should spend more time at home. But... this has nothing to do with the Great Pope. What connection?"

His wife sighed: "The great pope found out about this. He also knew that the jealous ghost wanted to taint me. So he calculated the time when the jealous ghost would appear. He wanted to hide in the bedroom and wait for the jealous ghost to appear. Then he would purify it. But This jealous ghost is more terrifying than the Archpope imagined..."

"So the Great Pope is..."

"I couldn't purify myself. Instead, I got jealous..."

Pei Luoqi covered his mouth in horror. He looked at the dying Arch-Pope with disheveled clothes on the ground. He felt inexplicably complicated emotions in his heart.

Because the great pope himself is not very strong, but he has achieved such a high status entirely by relying on his own character and the faith and preaching of all parties.

Pei Luoqi regretted it. He should not have doubted the character of the great pope.

Unexpectedly, the great pope made such a big sacrifice to protect his wife and son.

"What about the jealous ghost now?" Pei Luoqi asked at this time.

The wife's face became horrified again: "Before you came, you sent out a holy light. Then I heard your voice when I woke up... But I... I can feel it! This hateful thing is still there!" It's still here!"

"Don't be afraid, dear! I'm back!"

Pei Luoqi comforted his wife.

Then at this moment, the Great Pope's body twitched, and he stood up from the ground like a zombie.

There was a kind of madness on his face. There was an unprecedented terrible resentment and yin in his body. Even his tongue had changed.

Pei Luoqi quickly covered his wife's eyes.

He saw that the great pope, who was suspected to be possessed by the jealous ghost, stretched out his long green tongue. First he swept his lips. Then he licked the tip of his nose...

Then he changed his eyes and suddenly attacked Pei Xiaoyuan's room!





Chapter 1803 Oh ho. It’s over!


"Why...why I've always been alone..."

"Why do you all have someone you like...even Zhai could find his girlfriend in the end...but I didn't..."

"Why do you have a young lady with such a nice voice to play games with you...and help you win..."

"Why do I have nothing... In the end I can only get into this old man's body..."

The resentment of this jealous ghost was extremely strong. After possessing the body of the great pope, it immediately produced a strong spiritual pressure. Pei Luoqi secretly thought that something was wrong. However, at this moment, he could only protect his wife. He shared this part for the frightened wife. Reiatsu.

Once he moves, it is easy to create a loophole, allowing the wife to directly experience the positive pressure from the jealous ghost.

However, if he keeps guarding his wife, his son Pei Xiaoyuan will also face great danger.

"Bang!"

Therefore, he did not hesitate. Holding the Heavenly Dao gun, a golden bullet hit the Archpope on the head accurately.

This is a Hunyuan bullet mixed with immortal energy and spiritual energy. It is extremely powerful!

In Pei Luoqi's expected result, this bullet was enough to shoot through the jealous man's head. But at the same time, the explosive destructive power brought by the bullet would also destroy his house!

And his son Pei Xiaoyuan will also be harmed. However, in order to save both of them at the same time, Pei Luoqi has no choice.

However, what Pei Luoqi didn't expect was...

This golden bullet actually failed to penetrate the head of the Archpope.

Instead, it was blocked by a condensed black resentment at the back of the head!

The powerful power of resentment surrounds the Great Pope's body. It exudes a green and black body-protecting light. It is like a copper wall and an iron wall that tightly wraps the Great Pope.

"Leave me alone! Go and save your son!" his wife urged, trying hard to shake Pei Luoqi's arm. However, it was too late.

"How could..." Pei Luoqi was stunned.

Facing his wife's urging, his mind went blank and he felt powerless.

Boom!

At this time, the great pope, who was possessed by the jealous ghost, punched through the wall and appeared directly in front of Pei Xiaoyuan next door. His face was extremely ferocious, and his pupils were emitting a faint green light.

Pei Xiaoyuan was immediately frightened. He was frozen in place and did not dare to move at all.

Such a sense of oppression is beyond the tolerance of a child.

"Run!" Pei Luoqi looked anxious.

He roared loudly.

At this time, the Great Pope stuck out his long tongue and was about to tie up Pei Xiaoyuan and lick him.

However, the next second...

A golden holy light suddenly came.

The reward of this holy light was too sudden. It suddenly exploded from Pei Xiaoyuan's desk. Then the dazzling light immediately covered the entire room.

Pei Luoqi couldn't see clearly what was happening.

There was only a loud buzzing sound. When I came back to my senses, the light of the Holy Light had faded. I was left lying on the ground with my eyes rolled back. The Great Pope was smoking...

What on earth is going on?

Pei Luoqi was surprised.

The jealous ghost possessing the Great Pope was so powerful! Even his Heavenly Dao gun! It couldn't penetrate the world-level magic weapon! As a result, the crisis was resolved by a sudden ray of holy light...

So what exactly is this?

Thinking back to the time when the holy light was on, Pei Luoqi clearly remembered that at the moment when the holy light shone, his eyes were unable to penetrate the holy light and see other things.

He is in Venerated Immortal status...

A holy light that even he couldn't see clearly appeared in his home, and his child was saved.

"It's the Holy Mother who has appeared!" Pei Luoqi's wife shouted excitedly. Because she was too frightened, her legs were still weak at this time, so she crawled to Pei Xiaoyuan.

"Xiao Yuan? Xiao Yuan? Are you okay..." She hugged Pei Xiaoyuan tightly, who was also frightened and turned pale. The mother and son huddled in the corner and did not speak for a long time.

After all, Pei Luoqi was the first to react. He calmed down and walked towards the high pope who rolled his eyes.

After confirming that the Great Pope had no vital signs, Pei Luoqi also frowned tightly: "It's hard to handle now. The Great Pope is dead..."

"The Archpope...is dead?"

His wife was stunned immediately.

Pei Luoqi sighed: "Let's assume that the holy light just now was the apparition of the Holy Mother. But the Archpope died in our house... If this matter is revealed, I am afraid it will directly affect the relationship between our Heavenly Dao Alliance and the Archpope... And . The Great Pope himself is also a Eight-Star Tengu. We are afraid that the forces we have offended are not just the church..."

"Let's move!" his wife whispered.

"There's no point in moving."

Pei Luoqi shook his head: "With the Tengu's intelligence network, even if we move, they will know our location. What's more, acting rashly now will only arouse suspicion."

he sighed.

Outside. He is the leader of a group in the Heavenly Dao League.

But when he returns home, he is the head of the family who protects this small world.

Facing his wife and children, Pei Luoqi now has no choice.

He squatted half-crouched, hugged his wife and son Pei Xiaoyuan, and comforted him: "Next, our family will have to overcome the difficulties together... I hope that you can trust me unconditionally. This is a hurdle. We have to go through it now." We must step forward..."

"Then what should we do now?" Pei Luoqi's wife asked.

"Next, I want you to find a way to clean up the house. Don't leave any clues or evidence. At the same time, don't tell anyone that the Great Pope came to our house."

Pei Luoqi said bitterly. Then he looked at the body of the great pope on the ground: "As for the body of the great pope, I will take care of it. Now, I not only want to put aside the relationship between our family and the great pope. Let’s put aside the relationship between the Heavenly Dao Alliance and the church in this matter..."

...

For Pei Luoqi, this was a huge accident. Everything seemed to happen suddenly.

The death of the Archpope was a bombshell.

If this matter leaks out, it will have a huge impact.

And if outsiders were to know that the Great Pope eventually died in his home, all Peiroqi's explanations would be in vain.

Even if we can find evidence of that jealous ghost.

Proved that the Archpope was trying to protect his family. Possessed by jealousy...

But he couldn't explain what that holy light was.

So now there is only one path before Pei Luoqi.

That is to do everything possible to distance himself from the relationship with the Archpope.

And to cover...

He must find a reasonable scapegoat.

As the leader of a group in the Heavenly Dao Alliance, he originally came here to mediate conflicts.

But now, he had to use his identity to create a new truth about the death of the Archpope.

Think about it.

Pei Luoqi felt that there was no other way.

He felt that in the current situation, it was best to let Maico Assi take the blame...





Chapter 1804 The crazy night of taking the blame


This choice was not Pei Luoqi's whim, but the result of careful consideration.

The death of the Great Pope was an accident that no one expected. But if he were to bear this thunder at this time, once the relationship between the Heavenly Dao Alliance and the Church was exposed, it would inevitably cause chaos in the checks and balances of the other forces.

The work of their Heavenly Dao Alliance was originally to adjust the edge of the various forces, so that all forces could form a relatively stable situation under the control of the church.

Therefore, he must not be able to withstand this thunder. The remaining choice is to choose between the three of Meikoasi, Mrs. Raven and Levis.

Currently, Mrs. Raven is preparing for the variety show challenge. In order to carry out the plan in an orderly manner, there is no way he will let Raven take this thunder and disrupt the inherent rhythm.

As for the Red Orchid Society led by Levis, it already had conflicts with Maikeasi. His mediation this time was originally to mediate the conflict between Maikeasi and Levis. If Levis is allowed to block the gun again at this time . This is contrary to Pei Luoqi’s original purpose.

So right now, the only way to go is Maikoasi...

Moreover, with Maikoasi's status and legendary reputation in the Mixiu Country, even if it was finally reported that the great pope died at the hands of Maikoasi, the government actually had nothing to do with this legendary general.

Pei Luoqi thought that in the end, Maikeasi could only suffer the loss of silence.

"My dear, can we really survive this..." Pei Luoqi's wife's voice was still trembling. Her heart was filled with regret. She never expected that their happy little family would end up in this situation.

"Now you just need to clean up the house as I told you...leave all the rest to me..." Pei Luoqi said. He hugged his wife and son tightly in his arms. At the same time, his mind Zhong also began to think about a comprehensive plan to dump the blame.

First. He wants to save the body of the Archpope...

At the very least, it is necessary to delay the death of the great pope and allow the blood circulation in his body to continue flowing for a period of time, creating the illusion that he is still alive.

Such a method is of course impossible to achieve under normal circumstances. But for high-level cultivators, it is not difficult.

...

That night, on the cliff of Aofeng Mountain in Glio City, the legendary general of Mixiu Country, Maico Assi, was sitting cross-legged here. His consciousness was connected to the sky, and he was talking to his friends across a long distance.

Such a stream of consciousness conversation will not be disturbed by outsiders, nor will it be recorded. It is a very safe means of conversation.

"I really don't know what the Great Pope is thinking. Mafia organizations like the Chilan Society are simply unreliable! I, Maiko Assi, have never been so angry. If it weren't for the fact that he is the Great Pope, I wouldn't even know him. Let's clean it up together!" Meikoasi communicated with his consciousness.

From the opposite side, there was a burst of slightly old laughter.

The people who were talking to Maikoasi at this time were the other two legendary generals of Mixiu Country. Navy Admiral Mengchi and Air Force Admiral Liakong.

After hearing this, Admiral Mengchi laughed quickly and said, "Maiko, you don't know this. The Chilan Society has been able to show off in places like Glio City for so many years. There is naturally some connection with the church behind it. .You can just talk about it. After all, the status of the Archpope is extraordinary..."

Maikeasi sighed: "Just because he is Yuan Zun's uncle, he can do whatever he wants?"

Air Force General Liakong also laughed: "It's the uncle. Of course you can do whatever you want. But Mike, you have to be more careful. You can't talk nonsense about killing the great pope. If it messes up the relationship between you Yuanzun in the future, it will be more gain than loss." "

"I know. But after this, I must make Levi's regret it." Maikeasi said sinisterly.

Just as Meng Chi and Liakong said, because of the interference between the church and the Heavenly Dao Alliance, his original plan to destroy the Red Orchid Society could only be abandoned this time.

But as a proud man, Maikeasi has always been full of hostility towards those who disrespect him.

This time he can temporarily let Levi go for the sake of the church. But after everything is over, Maicoasi has decided. He will launch a new system against Maicoasi as the legendary general of Mixiu Country. Cut!

...

Mixiu Country West Wind Castle in Glio City. This is one of Mixiu's properties in Glio City. He will choose to stay here every time he comes to Glio City.

After talking with the other two generals, he felt that he felt much better. Then he immediately returned to Xifeng Castle.

His youngest daughter Maiko Abei is still going to school in Glio City. She also lives in the castle on weekdays.

For an old father, when he is extremely depressed, being able to see his daughter by his side may be the greatest comfort.

When the gate to the forecourt of the castle opened, Maicoasi held the general's sword in his hand and walked into the front yard in a swaggering manner.

"Where is Xiaobei now?" he asked.

The maid sweeping the floor bowed respectfully: "The young lady is playing in the manor behind now. The head maid is guarding her."

"Okay." Maicoasi nodded.

After the servants in Xiang Xifeng Castle learned about his daughter's location, Maicoasi made a hissing gesture and planned to approach secretly from the alley.

However, as they approached the back manor, a strange murderous aura suddenly penetrated from under the shade of a tree.

An assassin?

The general's residence. Attacks by assassins occasionally occur.

Of course, Maikeasi knew that this was not for him, but for his daughter. As long as he kidnapped his daughter, he had the qualifications and rights to blackmail him.

Therefore, when Maikoasi was not around, he found a powerful maid to serve around Maikoasi at all times. She was responsible for protecting the safety of Maikoasi.

Therefore, after Maikoasi felt the murderous intent, his first reaction was to see the assassin ambushing behind the tree. I am afraid that he wanted to take advantage of Maikoasi's way back to his disadvantage.

Little thing, you are so unlucky. You happened to run into me...

Maikeasi sneered in his heart.

He didn't hesitate at all. He drew his sword directly and aimed it at the tree trunk to pierce it.

Chi!

A large amount of blood spurted out from behind the tree trunk and fell to the ground.

After Mecoasi withdrew his sword, the assassin hiding behind the tree trunk fell into a pool of blood with a pop.

Walking around to the front of the tree with an expressionless face, Maicoasi turned the assassin over with his feet. When the assassin showed his face, his whole face changed instantly...

Great Pope!?

The Great Pope...how could he appear here...

Maikeasi was shocked.

He had just told the other two generals that he was dissatisfied with the Archpope's decision. He also kept saying that he would kill the Archpope.

As a result, the Great Pope really died under his sword...

If Master Yuan Zun knew about this, he would definitely be miserable!

For a moment, Maico Assi broke out in a cold sweat.

He didn't know why the Great Pope appeared here... But judging from the current situation, the Great Pope was killed by himself! The marks on his general's sword were very special. He could never deceive anyone!

"There is no other way..." At this time, Mycoasi's thoughts were flowing. He was trying his best to think of how to separate himself from the relationship with the Archpope.

Then he thought of a very suitable candidate to take the blame...

Levi's...





Chapter 1805 An Unimagined Road


Taking action against the church was a path that Maikoasi had never imagined. Although he had said he wanted to kill the Archpope when talking to his friends before, what adults said was often not consistent with what they really thought in their hearts.

Maikeasi is well aware of the stakes involved. His attitude towards the great pope may be the same as that of his old father. The great pope may be due to his old age. In addition, his style of dealing with things is more conservative. Therefore, he and Maikeasi There is a very obvious difference.

Mycoasi was dissatisfied with the Great Pope. Occasionally he would say vicious words like "This old guy, are you going to die?" But he would still be very respectful when he actually saw the Great Pope.

It’s not because of anything else. It’s precisely because the Grand Pope is the uncle of Yuan Zun of Mixiu Country. He is loyal to the country. He is loyal and follows Yuan Zun’s lead. Although he acts in a high-profile and arrogant manner, he has never thought about a certain person who usurped power. road.

As a legendary general of Mixiu Country, Maico Assi considers himself to be very professional. But he didn’t expect that he would embark on such a path today.

He actually mistook the Great Pope for the assassin who broke into his West Wind Castle mansion. He was stabbed to death with a sword...

This put Mecoasi, who had never collapsed even in the face of hundreds of thousands of enemy troops, into a panic for a while. He didn't know how to face all this. If it was confirmed that the death of the great pope was related to him. Even if it is found out that he was accidentally killed, Yuan Zun has no intention of holding him accountable.

And he will become the target of concentrated fire from the people... and all the good reputation he has accumulated in the local cultivation country over the years will be wasted!

Of course, this is not the most terrifying thing. What he is more worried about is his daughter Maiko Abei. If something happens to him, his daughter will definitely not be able to escape the relationship.

Although the Great Pope's level of strength is not high, he still has a lot of loyal believers who have accumulated relying on faith over the years. If something happens to him.

"Abei! Don't worry...Dad will never let you be implicated..." At this time, Maikeasi secretly decided in his heart.

Right now, sacrificing Levi's is the only way.

He had to do that.

At the same time, let Levis take down this thunder. He can justifiably send out troops to kill Chilanhui together. When the time comes, kill first and then tell. Kill Levis directly. All the truth will be buried smoothly.

He would not give Levi's any chance to defend himself.

Therefore, the top priority right now is to deal with the injuries on the Archpope. The real cause of death cannot be concealed. And his sword may have been the Archpope's fatal wound.

This sword penetrated deeply and had a special shape. Only a general's sword could cause such a wound.

So now Meikoasi must create the illusion that the Archpope is not dead yet, use means to block the wound, repair the sword marks inside, and at the same time replenish the Archpope's blood so that his blood can continue to flow in the body. some time

Although forging such an illusion will cost Maikeasi a huge price, but now in order to preserve the current situation and protect his daughter... No matter how high the cost, Maikeasi has to do it.

At the same time, in the back garden, Maiko Abe was holding a book and sitting on the swing.

The head maid looked in the direction of the cobblestone path. She frowned slightly and said, "The general is obviously here. Why hasn't he come yet? Is it because something happened? Do you want to go and have a look, miss?"

"Don't worry about him."

Maike Abei said calmly: "Maybe I met the Archpope on the road."

"The Great Pope? The Great Pope is here?"

"Yes." Maiko Abei said with a smile: "I saw the Great Pope coming here before. But when I talked to the Great Pope, he didn't respond. I just reminded him. My father will definitely pass that cobblestone when he comes to visit me today. Xiaoxiao. So it’s best for the Archpope to wait for him. Do you think my father will kill the Archpope as an assassin with one sword? That would be interesting!"

"The lady was joking."

The head maid wiped away the cold sweat.

He smiled bitterly and said: "Assassins have murderous intent on them. If the Archpope came to see the general, how could he have murderous intent on him? It must be that the two of them happened to meet and were talking." Well, that's true." Mike Abei He nodded and continued to look at the collection of essays in his hand.

"Miss, I have read this collection of essays several times. But why do you only read this one article every time you open it?"

"You don't understand."

Myko Abei's eyes flashed and he said: "It's just a speck of dust in the times. It's so beautiful..."

...

After the meeting at St. Peter's Cathedral, Mrs. Raven and Levis found a private club alone for an appointment. The venue was surrounded by mafia members and white warriors of the Red Orchid Society. It was clear between black and white.

"Raven. Since there are only two of us here, I'll get straight to the point." Levi crossed one leg and stared at Mrs. Raven and said, "Actually, keeping me safe was not what the Heavenly Dao Alliance and the church meant at the beginning. .Yes or no?"

"Oh? President Levi. Why did you say that?" Mrs. Raven smiled.

"Although we, the Chilan Society, are related to the church, as far as the church is concerned, the Chilan Society is just a mafia that occupies some territory in Glio City. It is a dispensable existence."

Levis said: "It's just that this time it happened that the Office of Strategic Deception and the Huaguo Shui Lian Group were to be dealt with. That's why I used the Chilan Society as cannon fodder. Since the Archpope is one of the Tengu, then send people from the Tengu to fight with them. I negotiated and it became reasonable. Of course, I also want to thank you. If it weren't for you, Raven, we might not even have the chance to be cannon fodder."

"President Li is joking. This is just a temporary measure." Seeing that she couldn't hide it, Mrs. Raven said bluntly.

"You proposed this plan. What benefits did the church promise you? After it is completed, you will directly take over my identity as president?" Levis smiled: "Raven, you are really good at calculating. If you are Number 60 from Huaxiu country, High School lost this competition. Not only did you not give up control of your Walwolf Cultivation Supermarket, you also directly swallowed my Chilan Club."

Hearing this, Mrs. Raven continued to smile: "But judging from President Li's words, he doesn't seem to resent me too much?"

"Of course I won't resent you. On the contrary, I would like to thank Raven... If it weren't for you, I, Levi, would not be able to see the sun tomorrow. Even if I hate it! I still hate the church. We have cooperated for so many years. They actually We weren't even given a chance! If it weren't for you..."

When Levis said this, his eyes turned red and he gritted his teeth and said, "If I have the chance, I really want to kill that old guy... and cause a bloody storm in St. Peter's!"





Chapter 1806 Unimagined Road 2


The feeling of being used as a pawn is not pleasant. From the moment Levi started cooperating with the church after becoming the president of the Chilan Society, he also imagined what the church would do with him if one day it felt that he was useless.

He originally thought that the church would be as kind-hearted as the Holy Mother and would talk a little bit about martial ethics. However, he unexpectedly abandoned the Chilan Society as a whole. It is still the first choice for the church when it encounters related problems.

If it weren't for Raven, Levi felt that he might have turned into a stinking, rotting corpse. He would have been randomly abandoned in a hidden corner of the street. Then he would slowly turn into white bones and be eaten by the wild dogs in Glio City.

So. Levi's at this time.

He hates.

I really want to kill the Archpope.

If we really take action, it may not be possible to achieve this.

This is because the Great Pope is not very powerful. It is just because of his status and the protection of experts around him. Under normal circumstances, it is very rare for the Great Pope to escape alone. He may only relax his guard when entering a friend's home.

But who are the friends of the Great Pope?

Just a few hours ago, the arrogant and domineering Mai Keasi was one. The leader of the Heavenly Dao League group, Pei Luoqi, was another... With these two peerless masters as friends, there is no need to consider safety when going to their homes. problem.

So to sum up, there are actually very few opportunities to find the Archpope alone. Levis is well aware of the stakes involved. Admittedly, he is just thinking about it to relieve his resentment. He is not really going to kill this person. Damn old man.

"President Li, there is no need to be so angry. From now on, our sincere cooperation is the best way to go." Mrs. Raven smiled again at this time. Her face was full of wealth and wealth, and she seemed to be very elastic when she smiled.

Levis could only smile bitterly. When he first saw Raven, he felt that this woman with a hidden smile was not easy to deal with. But he didn't expect that her scheming would be so deep.

In recent years, he has been running a large chain of supermarkets under the guise of a variety show producer. It seems that he is doing a fair business, but behind the scenes he is running a variety of black industries.

Levis looked at the standing white warriors around him and felt a deep irony.

That's all...

The current situation is not conducive to him.

We can only think of ways to make concessions and make concessions first, and then we can discuss it in the long term.

What belongs to him. He, Levi's, will get it back sooner or later...

Thinking of this, Levis took the initiative to stand up and extended his hand very gentlemanly: "Then Mrs. Raven, I hope we can cooperate sincerely in the future."

He tried his best to suppress the sharp and sharp look in his eyes and lowered his head.

At this time, Raven also stretched out her hand and shook it back with Levi: "President Li is indeed a smart man. We will cooperate sincerely. Whether it is the Huaguo Shui Lian Group or the Office of Strategic Deception, we will catch them all..."

...

On the way back to the villa, Levi's head hurt. He poured himself a glass of tequila. He took the wine glass to the glass sliding door of the living room and looked at the bright moon outside the window.

Looking up at the stars and thinking about life. This is something Levi often does. His peripheral vision swept across the moonlit courtyard in front of him, which looked like it was covered by a layer of white gauze. Suddenly, he caught a white figure.

This white figure was hiding behind a bush in the courtyard. It seemed that he was ambushing something.

And the first thing he thought of was Raven's white warriors.

This Raven...

Levi angrily crushed the wine glass in his hand into powder.

On the surface, he said he was cooperating sincerely, but secretly he sent a white warrior to his home to hunt him down?

Levis was furious.

He was running spiritual power in his palms. He condensed the spiritual power directly into the shape of a blade in his hand, and then threw it violently forward!

Chi!

The extremely fast speed left no room for the white warrior in front to react. This small flying knife made of spiritual power directly pierced the white warrior's forehead.

Levi's intention was to kill. He didn't leave any room for it. Even if Raven found out afterwards, he wasn't afraid.

It is illegal to break into the house without his consent!

Speaking of which, Levi felt it was ridiculous. He was the leader of the largest mafia organization in Glio City. He did not expect that at this time, he would actually have to protect himself from a legal perspective.

If he had not chosen to follow the path of the president of the Red Orchid Society, but had become a good and law-abiding citizen, even if his life would be worse than it is now, he would at least be stable enough, right?

Levi sighed in his heart.

He pressed the button, opened the sliding door leading to the courtyard, and walked into the body of the white warrior little by little.

At this time, Levi's had prepared corpse-turning water. This was one of the usual methods of the mafia. It was designed to wipe out everything without leaving any trace after such an accident.

He was about to dump the body. But at this moment, he suddenly found that the face of the body seemed a bit familiar...

Levi's mind went blank at first.

Then I was completely shocked.

This...

This is...

--Great--Jiao--Emperor!?

At this moment, his mind was like thunder exploding.

And he never figured out why the Archpope would appear in his courtyard wearing the clothes of a white warrior...

But one thing is for sure.

The Archpope has been killed by him

And he used a flying knife made from spiritual power to pierce his head.

As long as the spiritual gene molecules are extracted from the gene bank and compared with him during the autopsy later, he will never be able to escape Yuan Zun's sanctions.

How could this happen...

Levis took a few steps back and collapsed on the ground.

Even though he had seen a lot of big scenes. Even just now, he had dismissed the most bad old man in the church and threatened to kill him... But when the great pope really died in front of him, Levi's mind There was chaos inside. I started to feel a little overwhelmed.

Now. There are too few people he can trust.

The cooperative church, Raven, Maikoasi, including the Heavenly Dao League. He cannot trust these people!

All are on the side of the Pope!

He is the weakest force. Even if he wants to frame the blame, there is probably no way...

And compared to those others, his level is really too low.

What you need to pay attention to when putting the blame is to make everything real. In other words, if the great pope died at the hands of those people, it would be easy for them to put the blame on him...

But if you want to turn the blame on yourself, it is simply unrealistic.

What to do...

At this time, Levis only had these three words left in his mind.

He didn't know what to do either.

After sitting there for a long time, Levis could only think of one solution.

That is. Use the body of the Archpope as a pledge of allegiance. Form an alliance with the Huaguo Shui Lian Group and the Office of Strategic Deception...

But the other party may not be willing to accept such cooperation.

Because once the two are related, the death of the Great Pope will directly evolve into a huge diplomatic issue between the Cultivation Country and the Cultivation Country...





Chapter 1807 Unimagined Road 3


Surrendering to the enemy midway. For Levis, this was definitely an unimagined path. He didn't know whether he was right to do so. But he made a practical analysis based on the current situation.

In the situation where Mecoasi, Raven and the church that wanted to separate him from the beginning cannot be trusted, cooperation with Huaguo Shui Lian Group, Office of Strategic Deception and others seems to be the only correct path.

As for blaming Number 60 High School, Levi felt that he did not have the ability to cover everything so far. Moreover, he also did not have the ability to put the dead Archpope back into the state of "suspended death".

If you do that, the Office of Strategic Deception is full of experts. They will definitely be able to find out the clues.

And speaking more seriously, he put the blame for the Great Pope's incident on Number 60 High School. At that time, it may directly trigger a war between the two cultivating countries... This is also one of the paths that Levi has never imagined.

Although he had previously used the truck driver to frame the death of his subordinate Meili on the head of the eldest lady of the Huaguo Shui Lian Group. But in the end, it was just a trivial matter.

When one Merry falls, thousands of Merry will get up again. But the Great Pope is still different. This is the backbone of Mixiu Country’s faith in this huge country of cultivation. Once it collapses, the consequences are really hard to predict.

In short, causing a war. This is not a situation Levi's wants to see. His original intention was just to suppress the Huaguo Shui Lian Group and the Office of Strategic Deception and restrict their development. But he did not really want to kill the opponent with one blow. .

Because from a businessman's perspective, money still has to be made.

With material conditions as a condition, the body is always more honest than the mouth.

Once a war breaks out, the people between the two major cultivating countries will always suffer. Without a stable living environment, how can they make money steadily?

Quickly packing the body of the great pope. Levis used a huge refrigerator to put the body of the great pope in it. Then he used storage bags to store the refrigerator in his own space.

By the time all this was done, it was already early in the morning.

Now he can only talk to Sun Rong. So he must go to the hotel where Number 60 High School is located. And he must go there at night.

Otherwise, moving a corpse walking on the road would be too conspicuous.

Levis was sitting in the car. He had just driven the car out of his villa. Through the rearview mirror, he saw someone behind him chasing him at an extremely high speed!

"Who sent this?" Levis became nervous instantly.

Very strong murderous aura!

It spread directly to the back of his neck! It gave him a chilly feeling!

At the same moment, he stepped on the accelerator and increased the horsepower to the maximum. At the same time, he pressed the flying wing button on the car and rushed directly into the air!

The man who was chasing him refused to let him go. He immediately followed him with his spiritual sword drawn out.

It was only then that Levi discovered that there was more than one person chasing him!

The men in black chasing him from all directions formed a kind of encirclement. It seemed that they had been premeditated.

What on earth do these people want to do?

Could it be that he has already discovered that he killed the Archpope?

But this is too much of a coincidence.

How could he be targeted by a group of people just after he killed the Archpope?

In the extremely fast escape of life and death, Levi's brain was running at the same time. The only possibility he thought of was that this might really be a game!

A game that wanted to kill him...

"Damn it!" He controlled the steering wheel and performed various extreme operations in the air.

Behind him, dozens of men in black stepped on spiritual swords. They turned into meteors and followed them.

This speed is almost as fast as the speed of a car. It’s so exaggerated!

At this time, Levi felt like he was being targeted by a pack of wolves. Moreover, they were a pack of hungry wolves who had been hungry for several days. They charged forward desperately, with a strong attitude that they would never give up until they caught him.

Levi gritted his teeth. When the vehicle drove to the Immortal Lake in Glio City, he plunged directly into the lake.

Under water, no matter how powerful you are, your movements will be subject to certain restrictions.

But what shocked Levi was...

Just under the bottom of the Immortal Lake. Someone is already waiting for him!

Just like the men in black who were chasing him behind him, when they saw Levis entering the bottom of the lake, they waved their spiritual swords directly. The golden light blade flashed across the bottom of the lake in an instant, forming a dividing force and surrounding his car from all sides. Instantly split into pieces!

Then, under the lake, a big explosion occurred in Levi's car. This was caused by the energy igniting the spiritual stone in the car. A huge column of water shot up on the lake.

Levis was blown up until he was covered in blood. He used all his strength to escape from the lake and climbed to the shore in an extremely embarrassed manner.

At this time, the men in black who had been chasing after him also immediately surrounded him.

Only then did Levis clearly see the slightly familiar markings on these men in black, as well as the black and red spiritual swords that these men were uniformly equipped with.

In almost every city in Mixiu Country, there is a group of dark-wing law enforcers who only live at night. They maintain the stability of the city at night and effectively reduce the probability of crime at night.

However, these Darkwing law enforcers also belong to the Army Department and are under the jurisdiction of Mekoasi.

Levis knew that there was such a group of people in Glio City, but it was the first time he actually saw the true form of this group of people.

"You are... people from Mekoasi..." Levis saw the origin of these men in black with blurred vision.

"Mr. Levis. Because you are suspected of being involved in the disappearance of the Archpope, we are here to arrest you on the orders of General Mycoasi. We hope you will cooperate." A leader of men in black stood up.

"so it is..."

In an instant, Levi understood everything.

The layout of it all. With Maikeasi's transparent identity, it unfolds in his mind at a glance.

He moved forward and tried his best to escape. However, the group of dark wings behind him did not give him any chance.

Bang! Bang!

Two gunshots were fired in succession. They were shot directly from the special black and red spirit sword, hitting his two calves.

Levis knew he had no escape.

He closed his eyes and sighed in his heart. At the same time, he was also thinking about why he had fallen to this point.

And at this moment.

In the already dead air, he suddenly heard several falling sounds. Right next to him, several Dark Wings suddenly fell down and fell directly beside him.

It was a young man with snow-white hair. He suddenly appeared here. He looked like a ghost. Like the incarnation of shadow.

Under the bright moonlight, his white hair danced in the wind, giving off a faint luster. It was even more conspicuous at this moment.

Levi's eyes were confused. Coupled with the serious injuries on his body, his mind was a little confused at this moment: "You are... Gojo..."

Young man: "..."

Five ghosts!

He is Wang Ying!





Chapter 1808 Unimagined Road 4


At the critical moment, Wang Ying appeared on the shores of the Immortal Female Lake. Faced with Levis being double-teamed by the Dark Wings, he took action to save him.

Facing the sudden appearance of the white-haired boy, all the shadows here were stunned. They wiped their smart law enforcement mirrors. The technological means were completely ineffective in front of Wang Ying. They could not see Wang Ying clearly. That face just felt like a mass of nothingness.

Someone took off the smart law enforcement mirror and tried to test it through his own spiritual power. As a result, he screamed in public, his eyes oozed blood, and he knelt on the ground.

The existence that cannot be seen...

This is something only a powerful person can do!

For a moment, the eyes of these dark wings were straightened, and their nerves became tense. Who is this person... and why is he here?

"Captain, what should we do now?" Upon seeing this, the members of Dark Wing used team communication skills to communicate. They really didn't know what to do. Wang Ying's strength was too strong. If there was a head-on confrontation, the only outcome would be death.

But on the other hand, they came under the orders of Mecoasi. The military orders were overwhelming. Levis must be brought back. If the mission fails, they will probably be punished.

If I just go back intact, I'm afraid I'll end up dead.

After thinking again and again, the leader of the Dark Wing captain took a deep breath. He took off his smart law enforcement glasses and took out a cigarette in front of Wang Ying. After lighting it, he held the cigarette in his mouth and stared at Wang Ying: "Senior, we are here at the behest of General Maicoasi. I hope you won't embarrass us. Otherwise it will be very difficult for us."

Wang Ying narrowed his eyes and smiled. He did not answer the group's words directly. He only smiled and said: "I'll give you ten. Run away. If you don't evacuate here after my countdown, you will all die."

He stared dimly at the dark wings in the sky, completely fearless.

"Then senior, please forgive me for the offence."

Captain Darkwing took a step forward. He used hand gestures as a signal. He instantly linked the surrounding team members to form a sword formation. The immortal female lake shrouded in moonlight rippled at this moment. The spiritual light emitted by the combined sword formation was projected from the sky. It was reflected in A clear spiritual pattern disk formed on the lake surface.

He didn't believe that Wang Ying would really take action against them. This was in Glio City. It was a modern cultivation city with strict discipline and cultivation laws!

To publicly kill law enforcement officers in such a place. Even a powerful person would not be able to do such a thing. If it is traced later, won't the other party's force be afraid of becoming the target of public criticism?

So this Darkwing captain is betting.

He bet that Wang Ying would not dare to actually kill them, so he ordered a sword formation to be formed in an attempt to compete with Wang Ying.

At this time, Wang Ying lifted Levis up and carried it on his shoulders. Facing the thousands of sword shadows with strong murderous intent on the lake, he kept his promise.

Ten...nine...eight...

He kept smiling from beginning to end. It was that kind of calm attitude. At the same time, there was an extremely penetrating and terrifying pressure. Every time he counted a number, Dark Wing could feel a wave of energy flowing on his back. The terrifying murderous intent surging in the sea of blood.

seven...

six...

five...

Wang Ying was still counting down. With the countdown like the bell of death, everyone was shocked. It was clear that Wang Ying was not making any moves at the moment. However, just under this countdown, they seemed to see someone behind the young man. A virtual image of a black-robed god of death.

It is a skeleton creature in human form. It is tall and majestic. It is as white as jade. There is a kind of arrogance and indifference in its eye sockets. There is a kind of power that despises everything.

This is Wang Ying's Dharma Appearance Spirit. It is completely different from Wang Ling, which has cosmic wisdom and is extremely gentle. It is a veritable war machine! Killing! Terrifying! Ruthless! This is the Dharma Appearance Spirit of Wang Ying. synonym for.

For a moment, there was silence on the Immortal Female Lake. Because with the appearance of this Dharma Appearance spirit, Wang Ying did not even move. The newly formed sword array in the air cracked on the spot.

"This..."

They were directly shocked by this momentum. They were so horrified that the Dark Wings were speechless.

"--quick--run!"

Just when Wang Ying was about to count down the last three counts, the Dark Wing captain roared instantly as if he had woken up from a nightmare.

He realized that this was no longer something they could contend with. It was a super-dimensional force beyond their knowledge...

This determined killing intent forced the Darkwing captain to make the decision to evacuate after Wang Ying's final three countdowns.

He would rather take the blame himself than watch his young team members die like him.

"It's so boring."

Wang Ying snorted secretly.

He thought this group of people had strong heads. Unexpectedly, they scared him away.

But in fact, even if he really takes action, he will pay attention to the scale and will not really kill these people. Even if he is accidentally beaten to the point of death, he will find a way to save them.

After seeing that everyone had completely evacuated, Wang Ying moved with a teleportation method and brought them to a safe place in one fell swoop.

Then he slapped Levi's butt and said, "Wake up. Stop pretending."

Levis immediately opened his eyes: "..."

Wang Ying threw Levis down. Only then did Levis realize that he was at the top of the Starry Sky Tower.

"Thank you, senior, for saving me..." He bowed and said to Wang Ying. Just when Wang Ying was confronting the group of dark wings, Levi's found that all his injuries were healed. It was due to Wang Ying's healing spell. Recovery. This kind of healing speed is faster than going to the hospital for treatment. It requires the output of huge spiritual power in a short period of time.

But obviously, these spiritual powers are just a drop in the bucket to Wang Ying. They are not worth mentioning at all.

Levis immediately determined that the person who rescued him was probably the Eternal One mentioned in the intelligence before. According to the information in the intelligence, there are conservatively estimated to be more than a dozen Eternals in the Office of Strategic Deception.

It’s just that Levi’s currently doesn’t know which one Wang Ying is.

"Senior...but the Eternal One?" Levis asked.

Wang Ying raised the corners of her lips and smiled: "You know. Isn't that quite a lot?"

In fact, Wang Ying was extremely disdainful.

He didn't take any of the Eternals seriously at all. From Wang Ying's perspective, most of the Eternals were rotten fish and rotten shrimps. They were not worthy of comparison with himself.

"I just heard it from the information I got before." Levis smiled bitterly and said, "Honestly, I never thought that Mecoasi would do something so absolutely...deliberately introducing the Great Pope to me. In his courtyard, he asked me to kill the Archpope by mistake. Then he hunted me down in the name of law enforcement."

"So now you have nowhere to go."

Wang Ying said: "If you want to live, you must follow our arrangements."

"That's for sure. Senior." Levi said solemnly.

"Where is the body of the great pope?" Wang Ying asked.

"Here. I always carry it with me." Levi's took out the storage bag and took out the refrigerator.

Wang Ying moved his fingers and opened the door of the refrigerator instantly. Then he took out the body of the Archpope from the refrigerator. Then he raised his sword fingers together, as if he was grabbing something.

Levis rubbed his eyes. Then he was shocked to find that the shadow of the Great Pope was actually extracted by the senior of the Office of Strategic Deception who rescued him.

Wang Ying sneered. Without saying a word, he directly injected the shadow of the Great Pope into Levi's body.

This is the "Shadow Film Assimilation Technique". You can borrow the power of the shadow to attach to another person, so that the original Number 1 shadow is covered by the designated Number 2 Shadow Film. In a short period of time, you can obtain the original owner of the Number 2 Shadow. Exactly the same memory, ability...

Even the appearance will change to that of the original owner.

This is a secret method derived from Shadow.

In the universe, except for the brother and sister of the Wang family, there is currently no way to distinguish the authenticity.

At the same time, this is also the matter in Wang***.

Now I want to keep Levi's.

The best way would be for him to become the Archpope... and reappear before those who actually killed the Archpope.





Chapter 1809 Unimagined Road 5


Everything is within the layout of Wang Ling. Levis, who has assumed the identity of the Great Pope, is no different from the obvious wolf effect in Werewolf. Even Maikeasi, Pei Luoqi clearly knows that the Great Pope is dead. The person in front of me may be a false pope. He won't do it easily.

He will only secretly plot to identify the true identity of the Archpope.

It's a pity that with the current methods on earth, there is no way to see through Wang Nuan's disguise under the "Shadow Film Assimilation Technique". Now Levi's shadow has been surrounded by the shadow of the Great Pope, and he has obtained all the memories of the Great Pope. And he himself That is, the Great Pope himself.

The blood, fingerprints, and DNA data will all become a perfect match for the Archpope. No mistakes can be found at all.

"Do you know what to do now?" Wang Ying looked at Levi's and asked.

This kind of disguise was beyond Levi's imagination. Looking at this completely changed body covered by the "Shadow Film Assimilation Technique", and the memories flooding into his mind.

Levi's face showed a kind of shock at first. Then all the emotions turned into a kind of ecstasy and anger.

He inherited the will of the great pope. He also got all the original thoughts and ideas of the great pope. Not only did he know that the church planned to attack the Huaguo Shui Lian Group and the Office of Strategic Deception, but he also knew more clearly about the great pope. The pope's attitude toward himself.

Now Levi knows everything.

I learned that the church had indeed planned to abandon him from the beginning.

And. Because of Raven's lobbying, she changed her initial strategy towards him.

To the church, he is now just a useless chess piece. And he is also a chess piece that knows too many things. After being used up, he must be destroyed once and for all.

According to the original plan of the church, after Raven completely took over the Chilan Society, they planned to take advantage of his slackness and then get rid of him together.

"That woman...it turns out that she knew from the beginning that the Archpope was still going to kill me. Fortunately, she could still talk about sincere cooperation..." Levis smiled bitterly. There was a disgusting feeling of being deeply deceived. It made him feel sick. I was overwhelmed and retched at one point.

He thought that his relationship with the church was unbreakable. But he never expected that the white warriors that Raven had formed privately over the years would form an unimaginable bond with the church.

It was this bond and deeper cooperation that prompted the church to completely abandon him.

At one time, Levis was completely kept in the dark. It could be said that he had no idea about this matter. But now that he has become the Great Pope, all the fog in front of him suddenly became brighter and clearer.

He began to hate the church. He hated the Archpope, Raven, Maikoasi, and the Heavenly Dao who only knew how to make peace with the mud...

Of course! What made him feel even more disgusting was the Tengu who was hiding behind the scenes and was always plotting various conspiracies.

Even the Archpope is one of the top members of the Tengu...the infiltration of this organization and the impact it will bring in the future are inestimable.

At this time, Levis looked at Wang Ying. Although he still couldn't see Wang Ying's face clearly, he also knew that the senior from the Office of Strategic Deception in front of him was the last straw he could hold tightly: "Senior, don't worry. I will fully cooperate with you in the next actions. I will play the role of the great pope and infiltrate the Tengu at the same time..."

"Very good." Wang Ying nodded.

Levis is still a smart person, which makes him very satisfied. Youdao means knowing people, knowing faces, but not knowing hearts. This shadow film assimilation technique allowed Levis to completely understand what role the church played. It completely cut off Levis. The last vestige of trust in the church.

At this time, Wang Ying threw a mobile phone to Levi's. The mobile phone had a Gray Cult exclusive app downloaded. And it was a magical app. It would only be displayed when it passed Levi's hand.

If an outsider picks up Levi's phone or checks the contents of the phone, the app will hide it by itself and delete all the messages in it.

Information cultivation magic. It is also one of the hot topics this year.

With the development process of the modernization of cultivation, the development of information-based cultivation techniques will also become a key part in the future.

"I understand, senior."

Levis took the phone and nodded.

"In addition, you are now given a new ability." Wang Ying said: "In order to ensure the smooth development of this intelligence mission, now you only need to come into contact with other people's shadows. You can pre-read the other person's thoughts."

"Contact Shadow?"

"For example, during the conversation, find the light and angle. Let your shadow touch the shadow of the person you want to test. You will know that you can know most of the information in his mind."

"How can it be like this..." Levis was completely shocked.

...

At the same time, on the other side, everyone at Number 60 High School is still understanding the rules of this variety show challenge. Variety shows are inherently about fun and pranks. Normally, they don’t really do anything to the contestants. It’s even more impossible. To the point of death.

But after listening to the rules of Sun Rong, everyone at Number 60 High School suddenly had a bad feeling.

For example, in the first round of escape, six people were locked in two groups in different rooms. The remaining Wang Muyu will also be locked in another independent space in the central area, waiting for rescue.

According to the rules. The team that breaks free from the shackles first and finds three different keys corresponding to the three rooms. The team that rescues the "children" in the central area wins...

Wang Ling understands the truth. But I don’t know why the more this thing sounds, the more it sounds like a modified version of {{Saw}}...

Is it true to lock people up and escape?

Do I need to saw off my arms or legs or something like that?

Wang Ling thinks this is a bit too exaggerated.

But in the current situation. They have to participate in the variety show challenge. How to conduct the next grouping is a problem.

"This way, Guo Fen and I will be together, Fang Xing and Li Youyue will be together, and Lingzi will be together with Boss Sun Ban." At this time, Chen Chao suggested.

In his opinion, this was a flawless grouping plan. The original purpose of their coming to Glio City was to assist.

So the initial mission has not been forgotten.

Sun Rong did not expect Chen Chao to be so awesome. He was immediately moved to tears.

Chen Chao gave Sun Rong a thumbs up in return. Then he patted his chest. This meant to tell Sun Rong that he has never forgotten his original intention...

Simple body language. Wang Ling can see it all. And he also knows exactly what it means...

However, such a grouping is still somewhat unstable for Wang Ling.

After all, this is it.

It's like putting the most powerful people into one group.

He and Sun Rong are both very strong.

Li Youyue has Fang Xing taking care of her. Naturally, there is no need to worry about escaping.

Only Chen Chao and Guo Hao.

One has a bright mouth, and the other has a lot of uncles... Who knows what could happen if these two come together?





Chapter 1810 Wang Ling and Sun Rong are locked together


A mysterious senior took action to save Levi's life. The entire Dark Wing team was seriously injured...

This is the latest news received by Maicoasi at dawn.

The Dark Wing team that he originally assigned to capture Levis was carefully selected by Mike Assi. All of them were talented people. In the end, with the help of a mysterious senior, an entire Dark Wing team was thwarted. action.

Regarding this, Wang Ying on the other side was actually very aggrieved because he really didn't take action. If he really did, none of the members of the Dark Wing Brigade would go back alive.

But it's a pity that even if he didn't do anything, the Dark Wing team was still injured, and all of them had bruises and swollen faces. As for the most seriously injured person, the Dark Wing captain was still lying on a stretcher. Several ribs were broken.

"General...General...is a subordinate...doing things poorly..." He spoke weakly. His face was pale. Maico Assi could tell that this was definitely not acting. It was actually that he was seriously injured. .

"There's no need to talk." Maikeasi held his hand back. He was still a little touched by the desperate actions of these Dark Wing members. He could guess that the person who took action to save Levi was sent by the Office of Strategic Deception. A person. And most likely an Aeon.

Facing a battle that was impossible to win, the Darkwing captain still took the lead and led his brothers to charge forward...

Although Maikeasi did not see the scene at that time, he felt extremely moved when thinking about it.

Facing this group of warriors, it was certainly impossible for him to criticize them too much.

"You just rest in peace and recuperate. I already know the situation." Maikeasi said. Although he is usually strict, he also has a compassionate heart towards his subordinates. As long as he does his best, he will not be embarrassed.

Although what he didn't know was that this group of Dark Wings fought each other as hard as they could after Wang Ying left with Levis. He himself was disabled...

If this were not the case, the captain of the Darkwing Brigade felt that he might not survive this test alive.

After seeing off the Dark Wing Brigade, Maikeasi's expression fell into a long and solemn expression.

Judging from the current situation, Levis was most likely rescued by people sent by the Office of Strategic Deception. And he still doesn't know where Levis's specific location is.

But if Levi could not be found, he was very worried that his plan to frame Levi would be revealed.

"Report General!" At the gate of Xifeng Castle. At this time, an army soldier suddenly ran from a distance.

"What's the matter?"

"The Archpope wants to summon the general," said the soldier.

"The Great Pope???"

Maicoasi was stunned. He fell into a blank state on the spot.

He thought he heard wrongly.

But after carefully recalling it, I was sure that it was the three words "Great Pope". Only then did I come back to my senses in astonishment.

That old man...

It's obviously been given to him...

How come you suddenly came to life?

Maikoasi circulates. A possibility comes to mind.

That's the great pope. Maybe not the real great pope.

How can a dead person be resurrected?

"Levis..." Maikeasi chewed the name carefully. He curled his lips and sneered.

He has probably already made a judgment on the matter.

But this is fine.

It saves him the panic of searching for Levi's everywhere.

Impersonating the Archpope. It's a capital crime...

How dare this mafia boss...how could he have such courage to impersonate Yuan Zun, his old uncle?

Maikeasi smiled.

He has a clear mind.

The rest. As long as Levi's false identity is exposed, everything will be solved.

Once Levi's dies, all the blame will be placed on Levi's body...

...

On the other side, the person who was anxious at the same time was naturally Pei Luoqi, the leader of the Heavenly Dao League. As the source of the whole blaming incident, he thought that his action of blaming the death of the Archpope entirely on Maikeasi was perfect.

The result was unexpected. Because he also received an invitation from the church... saying that the Archpope wanted to consult with him.

But the Great Pope is obviously dead...

What the hell is going on?

"Dear, what should we do now?" Pei Luoqi's wife was very anxious and helpless. Her hair turned a lot white overnight. She did not expect the situation before her at all.

"I suspect that Maicoasi may have guessed that this was a frame-up...that's why he did this." Peluoqi frowned and said, "How can a dead person come back to life..."

"Then let's..."

"It's better to stay put for now."

Pei Luoqi said: "If my guess is correct, this great pope should be a fake pope. It is most likely that Mecoasi found someone to pretend. He wants to test our reaction. If I see the great pope. There are too many shocked expressions. The secret will definitely be exposed. But now, I have to go."

"Everything will be fine, right."

"Yes. Everything will be fine."

Pei Luoqi sighed endlessly in his heart. He tried to comfort his wife: "Don't worry. I won't reveal any flaws. As long as you firmly believe that the fake great pope is the real great pope, there will be no problem. Of course." If this matter doesn't end well in the end... there will be only one last step left."

He did not continue.

Because that's a really crazy and scary idea.

To protect your family from being affected.

As a last resort.

He could only find a way to make this false pope die together with Mecoasi...

...

At the same time, everyone at Number 60 High School also received new news. And the source of the new news came from Mike Abei, the daughter of Mike Assi, and Pei Xiaoyuan, the son of Pei Luoqi.

The two people did not provide any substantive valuable information. They simply described the current atmosphere at home. Because of the Great Pope, the atmosphere on both sides seemed to be quite solemn.

And almost all of this is within the calculation of Wang Ling.

In the room, Sun Rong slightly covered her mouth, feeling stunned in her heart. She thought she had a comprehensive understanding of the boy. But after this incident, she felt that she had once again refreshed her understanding of Wang Ling.

Tonight's Wang Ling. It's really not too much to call him Director Wang.

Now, several forces in Glio City that were originally going to unite to deal with them are beginning to be suspicious of each other and dog-eat-dog. Although I don't know what the final result will be. But when the other party is too busy to take care of themselves, they have to use their thoughts to deal with the Huaguo Shui Lian Group and the Huaguo Shui Lian Group. Office of Strategic Deception. That would be too difficult.

People are not united. Even if a relevant plan is forcibly drawn up, it will definitely be full of loopholes.

In fact, even Wang Ling himself didn't expect it. He just arranged a few waves and completely disrupted the opponent's rhythm.

So compared to these extremely weak forces, what is causing Wang Ling more headache now is the upcoming Variety Show Challenge.

After all, in the first link.

He and Sun Rong.

Will be... locked together.





Chapter 1811 Wang Ling over there. A little exciting


This morning, Raven sent a group message to Meiko Assi, Pei Luoqi, Levis and others in the WeChat group. She was going to briefly explain today's arrangements. As a result, the two people seemed to have disappeared. They did not reply to her a word.

But the plan still has to go on. The lack of a reply does not mean that Raven will terminate the subsequent plans. Every link she set up for this variety show challenge is full of tests of human nature. She wants to challenge the people of Number 60 High School. Ugly. More importantly, the ugliness of the eldest lady of the Huaguo Shui Lian Group should be made public.

She didn't know what happened to Mark Assi, Pei Luoqi, and Levis. But early in the morning, another representative of the Heavenly Dao League. The second team member Jiu Jiuyun who played the role of a primary school student in this variety show challenge plan. . Appeared in front of Mrs. Raven on time, followed by a group of white warriors.

Jiuyun's height is not very high. It is said that his body has stagnated due to practicing special skills. He looks like a child, but is actually an old monster.

When he stood up, he was about the same height as Wang Muyu. He was wearing a black one-piece overalls. He had long pale golden hair and earrings on his ears. He had bright eyes. From a distance, he looked like a little girl.

"Lord Jiuyun, I have been waiting for you for a long time." Mrs. Raven stood up and shook hands warmly.

Jiuyun glanced at Mrs. Raven's hand without interest. In the end, he only extended an index finger and touched her symbolically. It was quite personal.

"Operation. When will it start?" Jiuyun asked directly without saying much.

"Soon. Lord Jiuyun. But before that, your image needs to be changed. To be honest, it's too unchildlike."

Raven smiled and said: "This time Master Jiuyun plays the role of a primary school student. Therefore, the overall temperament should be more in line with a primary school student. I have prepared props and uniforms for Master Jiuyun. I hope Master Jiuyun will take off the accessories on his body. . Also cover your tattoos. Hair..."

"You must not touch your hair." Jiuyun glanced at Raven and said firmly.

"Okay...don't touch your hair."

Raven had no choice but to agree: "Master Jiuyun, do you have any other instructions?"

Jiuyun lowered his head and thought for a moment. Then he raised his head and looked at Raven: "If I didn't control myself during the challenge and made a fatal move, you would handle it later, right?"

"Of course..." Raven nodded: "But I hope Master Jiuyun can control himself as much as possible. You can injure people, but don't beat them to death."

"I can only do my best." Jiuyun said: "I am pretending to be a primary school student, but I am not a real primary school student. The kid over at Number 60 High School is a serious primary school student. What I hate most is the naughty kid. If this naughty kid attacks me then, I think I really won't be able to bear it."

Before coming here, Jiuyun had actually gone through the information of everyone at Number 60 High School. They were just a few students from the Foundation Building period. It didn't seem like there was anything noteworthy about them.

Especially taking a child who is only six years old to participate in the competition. In Jiuyun's view, Wang Muyu is simply a burden to everyone at Number 60 High School.

In the entire information, except for Miss Sun, there is nothing to pay attention to... Jiuyun doesn't know why there are so many masters in Number 60 High School.

...

Wang Ling was the first time to participate in the recording of a variety show. Early that morning, under the arrangement of Bade Navigation, their group successfully arrived at the agreed filming location. This is the large sports center in Glio City. It will only be used when large-scale national-level sports events are held. Originally, it was often requisitioned by the local Cultivation Army in Glio City as a military demonstration training center.

But now Raven can actually expropriate this vast piece of land as a recording location for variety shows. She even transforms the internal environment. This has to make people marvel at Raven's strength and means.

This large sports center was built in a deserted suburb of Glio City. It used to be a thousand-foot mountain. The entire stadium was built on the mountain. The mountain inside was hollowed out to make room. .

The key is that the external mountain structure has been preserved as a whole through technical excavation. The spiritual veins beneath the mountain have not been damaged. There is no need to even draw the spirit gathering array. This is a good place for natural practice and retreat.

For the recording of this variety show, Raven spent huge sums of money to once again transform the internal structure of the sports center.

When the Wang Ling group of people arrived, we could see many program staff and people gathered together. The photography team was remotely testing whether the camera balls they were following were functioning properly. The formation was huge. Wang Ling Feeling slightly uncomfortable.

Although you can wear a mask during the entire recording of this variety show without showing your face, in the face of such a large number of people, Wang Ling still feels like a subtle onset of social phobia.

He didn't know if there were other people like him. Whenever he met a lot of people, his mind would start to feel empty involuntarily. He didn't know what to do next or what to say. There was a kind of separation from the world. Feeling out of place.

Fortunately, this process did not last long. After entering the studio, Wang Ling's symptoms were relieved a lot.

The staff were mainly concentrated in the temporary shed built outside. After entering the renovated studio, there were not so many people who participated in the recording. They were surrounded by photography balls flying around. Recording their situation inside from 360 degrees without any blind spots.

I waited there for less than a few minutes. From another entrance, Wang Ling saw the opponent against Number 60 High School this time.

The same six people, led by a primary school student who was about the same height as Wang Muyu, entered the studio directly. Everyone wore turbine-shaped masks on their faces.

"Are these the six prodigies of Glio City?" Under the mask with the logo of Number 60 High School, Chen Chao looked slightly surprised.

"Uzumaki Imperial High School. This is the number one university in Glio City. All the six prodigies this time are from here." As an old intelligence expert, Guo Hao has already obtained information about these six prodigies: "They are first-year high school students like us. But they have all entered the Golden Core in advance."

"They're all Golden Core? This is so unfair..."

"It's just about being superior in terms of level. There are almost no substantive battles in the preparation part of the show. It should be more of a test of teamwork," Guo Hao said.

In fact, he himself didn't have much confidence.

After both parties shook hands.

Everyone was hooded by the staff. The school was divided into two different zones, black and white.

The two sections, black and white, each have three secret rooms.

According to the previous team distribution, everyone was arranged into the secret room in pairs.

From a bird's-eye view in the void, the place where everyone stands is a Tai Chi disk.

Wang Muyu and Jiuyun were separately taken to two special cages in the middle of the Tai Chi plate, which were located in the "yin within yang" and "yang within yin" positions.

As for Wang Ling, it's a little more exciting.

When he clearly heard the sound of the thick stone door of the secret room being closed, the only sound left in the room was his and Sun Rong's breathing, which was submerged in the darkness...

In a quiet environment, even the sound of breathing is particularly obvious.

It's really too clear.

Even her heartbeat. Wang Ling can be counted clearly.





Chapter 1812 Living in a dark secret room with Sun Rong


A square secret room eight feet long and wide. Wang Ling and Sun Rong were locked up here. In the secret room with the same rules, Chen Chao and Guo Hao were in one group. Li Youyue and Fang Xing were in one group. They were also imprisoned. write.

At this time, everyone faces the same problem.

Wang Ling found that both his hands and Sun Rong's hands were put on special shackles. It would be difficult to break them apart directly if they were only in the normal Foundation Building stage.

He and Sun Rong have the same shackles. One end is connected to him. The other end is connected to Sun Rong's hand after bypassing the giant stone lock at the front of the secret room.

The key to unlocking the shackles is behind the stone lock.

That's a very extreme position.

If one person approaches the key, the chain connected to the shackles will shrink towards the other person, and finally hit the soft needles densely packed on the back wall. These soft needles contain paralyzing venom. Once caught, it means In at least the next two to three sessions, they will be missing a member of their combat capability.

Maybe it will become a breakthrough.

Of course, there is no way to ensure the survival of everyone. There is a small iron saw within reach of the two of them. However, it is impossible to cut the chain with just a small iron saw. Unless one person is sacrificed to directly handle the chain. Cut it off.

Wang Ling realized that this was the plot of {Chainsaw}... Sure enough, it is a variety show that modern people think about. The routine behind it is always a tribute to the classics.

He sighed silently in his heart and was seriously thinking about countermeasures. But the dilemma he was facing seemed to be more than that. Sun Rong's heartbeat was too fast. And it was especially obvious in such a quiet environment.

Bang. Bang. Bang. Bang...

Constantly irritating Wang Ling's eardrums.

"..."

He has strengthened Sun Rong a lot. And the girl has experienced a lot of big scenes in recent days. Logically speaking, it is impossible for her to be that scared.

All I can say is that she is a girl and is afraid of the dark.

Wang Ling thought for a long time. This is the only answer that came to mind.

He didn't know how to comfort Sun Rong. In the end, he just said awkwardly: "Don't be afraid."

Hearing these words, Sun Rong's heart beat faster. His face was so red that he buried it directly in his knees.

Even though she was covered by a mask, she was still worried that her expression would be noticed by Wang Ling.

After gaining strength, how could she be afraid of the layout of the secret room?

It's not because of being locked up with this idiot...

However, it is normal to not understand the style of the wood in front of you.

Sun Rong has long been used to it.

So the current challenge for Sun Rong is no longer limited to this small secret room and variety show challenge tasks. It is easy for Sun Rong to break through the secret room. What is more important is to make this piece of wood can Understand your own thoughts!

In such a dim environment, she can use her fear of the dark as an excuse to act a little more scared than before... maybe she can make this piece of wood come to her senses and protect herself. In this way, she can get closer to { The relationship between Wang Ling!

So for now. For Sun Rong.

She has only one mission. That is to never let Wang Ling know. In fact, she is not afraid of the dark at all...

As for the other side.

For Wang Ling, his challenges are no longer limited to this small secret room and variety show challenge tasks. Breaking the secret room is easy for Wang Ling. But more importantly, he must keep a low profile. act.

Even in such a dim environment, there are so many camera balls surrounding them from all angles. Even if they are blocked by masks, the variety show will still be broadcast after the filming is completed. Now it is only the first part. . If you are too outstanding at this time, you will definitely be remembered by the audience.

Participating in variety shows originally went against the Old Wang family's low-key strategy. So Wang Ling now has only one idea. That is to be as low-key and useless as possible. Just leave everything to Sun Rong.

But the problem is that he never thought that Sun Rong was actually afraid of the dark...

There is no other way.

Under this situation, Wang Ling doesn't want to do it himself. But now he and Sun Rong are grasshoppers in the same boat. Someone always has to show up.

So Wang Ling suddenly thought of a way. That is, he could use the fear of the dark as an excuse to hide in a corner, and then wait for Sun Rong to take action... According to scientific research, people are in extreme environments. Below. Can stimulate adrenal hormones to demand a breakthrough.

Being afraid of the dark is just a small problem. Wang Ling believes that with Sun Rong's personality, it will be overcome in a short time!

So for now. For Wang Ling.

He has only one mission. That is to never let Sun Rong know. In fact, he is not afraid of the dark at all...

...

Sun Rong buried her face in her knees for a long time. She thought Wang Ling would find a way to comfort herself. But she didn't expect that this young man who just told her "don't be afraid" would actually do the same. He buried his face in his knees.

She was shocked.

So Wang Ling is also afraid of the dark?

"..."

This is something Sun Rong never expected.

Although...but...

Wang Ling buries his face in his knees like this. It’s really cute!

Sun Rong used his peripheral vision to look at the young man who was maintaining the same posture as himself. Thoughts abounded in his mind.

She suddenly felt.

In such a dark environment.

It seems good to just stay with Wang Ling like this...

It is impossible to struggle.

Now she is Wang Ling locked on a chain.

Her warmth and kindness may be directly transmitted to the young man's heart along this chain.

...

At the same time, in the temporary video studio set up outside the sports center, Mrs. Raven and a group of photographers who used remote controls to control the camera ball stared at the scene in front of them in stunned silence.

This variety show has just begun. The most interesting thing is that Miss Sun is in the secret room. The two of them actually buried their faces in their knees for the first time, without moving.

"Teacher Ma, what happened? Why is the ball in the camera still motionless?" Mrs. Raven asked a photographer named Ma.

"Madam, this is not a still picture. It's that the two people really didn't move."

"???"

"Maybe...afraid of the dark?"

The photographer smiled bitterly: "Theoretically speaking, this is also a sign of tacit understanding...but there is nothing we can do in this situation. We can only let them seek breakthroughs on their own."

"..."

Previously, Mrs. Raven suspected that there were hidden masters among the people at Number 60 High School.

She thought that through this link, she could find out who was the hidden master. And she focused her main energy on the group Sun Rong and Wang Ling.

The woman's intuition told her that these two people were the most likely. But what Mrs. Raven never expected was that both of them were afraid of the dark...

This show has just begun. It’s okay to bury your face in your knees like an ostrich...

I invited you here to perform, not to show off your cuteness! How can you fix it!

"You guys hurry up and think of a way. We can't let them stay like this. Give me a way to stimulate them." Mrs. Raven said.

She didn't believe it. After she increased her efforts, the two of them could still remain indifferent.





Chapter 1813 Living in a dark secret room with Sun Rong


Because it is a recorded variety show challenge, all dramatic changes are within the control of Raven. Before the variety show is edited, the guests will often be stimulated to make many unexpected things in order to enrich the elements. External feedback. Finally, editing is used to make the program more interesting and exciting.

Sometimes in order to create a topic, we do not rule out the use of some malicious editing techniques... These are the unspoken rules of the industry.

Compared to the indifferent Number 60 High School here, the performance of the six prodigies in the Uzumaki Emperor was extremely exciting. They were also trapped in the secret room in groups of two and two. However, these people used different methods to break free from the chains in front of them. .

"As expected of the six top geniuses among the new representatives of the Uzumaki Emperor. They can actually rely on their own spiritual roots to match their compatibility. Based on their spiritual roots, they can extract trace elements from the air and synthesize simple materials for making Talisman."

Cinnabar, yellow talisman, spiritual water, writing brush.

In the first Talisman class at Number 60 High School, it was actually mentioned that these are the four basic raw materials for making Talisman. But sometimes it is impossible to have such complete materials in extreme environments. You can only find them separately. alternative approach.

It uses trace elements extracted from the air to condense into powdery element crystals. That is a material that can perfectly replace cinnabar.

If there is no yellow talisman, you can also tear your clothes into strips of cloth as a substitute. A powerful person can even bite the fingertips to write Talisman style directly on the rough ground or even in the air.

Because the spiritual power in their bodies is strong enough. The spiritual energy in the blood is strong enough to replace specific spiritual water. As for the fingers, they are ready-made materials used to replace the brush barrels.

Of course, some people will pluck out their own hair and use it to write.

The six people in the Uzumaki Emperor used almost the same methods. They all used the method of writing Talisman to help themselves out of trouble.

The two people in the secret room Number 1 of the Uzumaki Emperor are both water spirit root users. They created Talisman, a corrosive mist that is harmless to the human body but highly corrosive to metals. They gradually deepened the concentration of the mist, causing the chain to be corroded. Corroded by fog.

This method is very slow, but effective enough. The program producers judged that it would take about two hours for the two people to escape completely.

Those with golden spiritual roots and fire spiritual roots were imprisoned in the Number 2 secret room. The methods used were even more shocking.

They directly made the weapon-enhanced Talisman. They enchanted and strengthened the metal saw lying around!

"He even mastered such a complicated strengthening formula." Many program producers were astonished when they looked at the pictures coming from the camera.

As long as the metal saw is strengthened to level +6, it can easily cut off the chain... But this kind of strengthening is actually very eye-catching. If it fails in the middle, you have to start from the beginning and strengthen it again.

Therefore, the two men took off their coats and divided them into countless strips of cloth, as if they were ready for a big fight.

If everything goes well, the program team predicts that these two people will get out of trouble the fastest.

The last two prodigies in the Uzumaki Emperor were from the Earth Spirit Root and the Wood Spirit Root. These two people combined their actual conditions and started to modify their own arms using the simple Talisman they drew.

This is a method of assimilating part of the body with nature. Although the shackles restrict the human body, you can easily break free of the shackles by turning your arms into soil, branches or the like.

If there is light, their assimilation speed will be greatly increased. Unfortunately, the dark environment limits their assimilation speed. Otherwise, this group of people would definitely have escaped first.

After comparing these six people in Uzumaki Emperor, the people at Number 60 High School are obviously more stupid... This kind of comparison can be said to be very obvious.

"No way...are they really all salted fish?" Mrs. Raven took a breath and showed a somewhat unbelievable expression. According to the intelligence data she received, at least one of the people in Number 60 High School There is also a hidden master. They can't all be indifferent.

But considering the situation at hand, the people at Number 60 High School didn't even have the slightest reaction.

Could it be that the information was wrong?

Mrs. Raven frowned. She took out a prepared remote control device from her arms. It was... the senior standing behind her. In order to cooperate with the experimental equipment given to her in this variety show challenge.

Also known as - the strong person identifies the remote control!

As long as she presses the button, the three secret rooms in Number 60 High School will enter the "increase intensity" mode. At that time, more dangerous things will happen. In situations of crisis, people often have to be prepared for what is coming. Respond to danger. You must be able to see some clues.

However, if the intensity of the three secret rooms is increased at the same time, innocent people will definitely be affected. Although the test itself is also Raven's purpose, her original intention is just to find out the hidden master.

Therefore, after thinking about it, Mrs. Raven made a decision. That is to test the secret rooms of Wang Ling and Sun Rong that she suspected most first...

She had a kind face. She secretly pressed the independent button of the strong identification remote control in her pocket.

...

In the eight-foot-wide dark square secret room. The moment Mrs. Raven pressed the button on the strongman identification remote control, Wang Ling immediately noticed the abnormal changes in the secret room.

Although he and Sun Rong were still burying their faces in their knees, pretending to be afraid of the darkness. But when this inexplicable pressure from outside came, Wang Ling suddenly opened his eyes in the darkness.

This is the breath of the Eternal One... It is the same as the Siren Lord that Sun Rong met before. It has the same smell. When the Siren Lord faced the messenger from heaven, he called it the Holy Lord. .And the bigger protective umbrella standing behind that holy lord is the legendary holy king.

So at this moment, Wang Ling immediately reacted. This Eternal One, who was now united with Raven and sent to test them, was most likely from the Holy King's side.

Wang Ling sighed deeply.

He didn't want to do it originally.

But the identification of strong people is really a bit difficult.

And the most important thing is that this Eternal One is much stronger than the Siren layman who was sent to deal with Sun Rong earlier. If this is left to Sun Rong to deal with it, I'm afraid it will be a little bit... It's beyond the scope.

What kind of eternal being is this?

A snow-white skeleton wearing a black cloak. His eyes are hollow and deep. It seems as if it can suck people into an era of exile. It is much more powerful than Li Xian and Zhang Zhui!

This is an Eternal with an undead body... Wang Ling judged. This Eternal is not a human being. It is a member of a rare race that once appeared in the universe. A member of the Undead.

Judging from the aura released by this snow-white skeleton, this person is most likely the remaining king of the undead.

So. In darkness, when this new Eternal One appeared in front of Wang Ling.

Wang Ling snapped his fingers almost immediately.

Let the time of the entire universe freeze at the same moment.

Only he and this king of the undead can still move...

Then he patted the dust off his butt. He stood up from the ground and stood in front of Sun Rong.

"Is it you?" Obviously, this undead Eternal was a little surprised. He never expected that Wang Ling was the person who had been hiding...





Chapter 1814 Wang Ling fights the undead


The undead say they are immortal, but in fact they are not. Their longevity is naturally strong and they can survive for a long time without any training.

Previously Wang Ling took Sun Rong to the Immortal Star. The Immortal Star is actually a split piece of the Undead Star where the undead survive.

Wang LingThere is very little information known about the undead. I only heard that the death of the undead was due to the disaster caused by their immortality. In order to allow themselves to live longer, the alien gods forcibly captured these snow-white skeletons as a Your own food. In an attempt to decompose the natural genes of the undead to increase your survival time in the world.

Therefore, the undead are theoretically eaten.

Wang Ling looked at the snow-white skeleton wearing a black cloak in front of him. Red light flowed in the King's Eyes. This was a fully developed undead. It was much more powerful than ordinary Eternals. Even in many cases In the eyes of those of eternity, it is simply unbelievably strong.

But more undead did not survive this age and were dissolved in the stomachs of other races.

Sometimes it can be troublesome if the growth cycle is too long, because during the growth process, you will be targeted by evil people at any time and become someone else's food.

"I have never seen an Earthling like you." Maybe I didn't expect that Wang Ling was the hidden Eternal One that the Holy King behind him had been looking for. The snow-white skeleton was staring at Wang Ling After looking at it for a long time, he spoke slowly.

In fact, he was repeatedly exploring the true identity of Wang Ling in his own way. As a result, when he found out that the young man in front of him was really just a standard earthling, he was astonished that he would not notice anything for thousands of years. The feeling suddenly caused ripples to appear in the calm lake in his heart.

Not just an Earthling. But a terrifying Earthling.

The characteristics of the undead, in addition to their naturally extremely long lifespan, are also those deeply sunken skull eye sockets. Even if there are no pupils that can use pupil skills, these pair of eye sockets seem to be involved in the eternal stars, but they still have the ability to The terrifying ability to see everything.

If a normal cultivator looks at him for a long time, he will definitely be trapped in the world of his eye sockets and pupils, unable to extricate himself. There will be an illusion that his soul has taken off and been drawn into the universe.

And when that time comes, it will be time for the undead to harvest.

However, at this moment, Wang Ling was standing in front of him, looking at him with those red eyes that he could not see through.

The young man's eyes seemed ordinary and nothing strange at first glance. However, after observing the undead skeleton prince for a while, he suddenly felt his body lighten.

Immediately afterwards, the surrounding space was no longer in the secret room. Instead, it was drawn into a vast sea of stars.

"Am I being bitten back?"

The Skeleton Prince has never seen such a situation. He is a king of the undead. He actually lost when he looked at an earthling!

Instead, his soul entered the world of other people's eyesight!

And what's even more terrifying is that this boy's world of pupil power is infinitely vast... At most, it can only be within the scope of a solar system. But this boy's world of pupil power is a universe of its own. It is infinitely vast!

Why can an earthling be so strong...

This undead skeleton prince couldn't figure it out.

And I seriously suspect that I have been cheated.

That was not what the Holy Lord under His Royal Highness said when he found him.

It is only said that there is probably a hidden Eternal in the team of Number 60 High School. He needs to find out.

But in this situation, this is not a temptation!

My life is about to be lost!

This was his first instinct as an undead prince. He immediately sensed that Wang Ling was a very dangerous existence!

However, as the prince of the undead, he still has the last bit of stubborn dignity. Even though he knows he can't defeat him, he still needs to resist...

As Li Xian and Zhang Zhui mentioned before, there are many powerful races in the universe of the Eternal Era. However, most of the powerful races actually look down on the human Eternals.

Over time, a chain of contempt was formed.

Like the undead. They were despised by the Old Dominator. They were even reduced to food for the alien gods for a time. Throughout the ages, they have been engaged in the "Undead Lives Matter" movement every day. They have shouted slogans every day to protest against discrimination and oppression.

As a result, they turned around and inflicted the rude behavior the Old Dominator had on them on other races.

They say time is a cycle.

Wang Ling thinks this makes sense.

Because this phenomenon still exists in the modern world of cultivation.

"Earthlings... don't come here. Although I have entered your world of pupil power, I am not afraid of you. If I self-destruct here, you will lose at least one eye!"

The Skeleton Prince threatened Wang Ling. He tried to negotiate with Wang Ling. At the same moment, Wang Ling could sense that the other party's unwillingness to give up was about to move under the black cloak.

It was a blue flame. It symbolized the heart of the undead. The heart of this skeleton prince was extremely bright.

He secretly transported the spiritual energy. At the same time, he watched Wang Ling vigilantly. Just a few seconds later, a rosary made of several small skeletons suddenly flew out from under his black cloak.

In an instant, the power of the skull rosary burst out. The surge of spiritual power swallowed up the starlight in the sky. The powerful spiritual energy was like a greedy snake that suddenly broke into this world, drawing countless stars into its body.

"Boom!"

The moment the skull rosary broke out, an extremely terrifying power of disillusionment was produced, opening up a small immortal world. It was like a small isolated island in the Tongli universe of Wang Ling.

Wang Ling nodded secretly. Being able to create another world in his pupil world to resist external pressure. This is already amazing.

This world was created by the Skeleton Prince with the rosary beads in his hands. In the current environment, it is like a submarine entrenched deep in the seabed. There is always the risk of being crushed by water pressure.

Wang Ling didn't use any force. He just waited naturally. He wanted to see when the Skeleton Prince's island would collapse.

After about eight seconds of silent counting.

really.

There was another loud "boom" sound.

The newly formed island fell apart in a very short period of time.

Wang Ling no longer waits. The light beam wraps around his five fingers. With a gentle pinch, the entire island collapses before his eyes.

At the same time, he lightly hooked his index finger. The Skeleton Prince's rosary betrayed him in public. It flew directly into Wang Ling's palm.

"Give it back to me!" At this time, the Skeleton Prince became angry.

Although this rosary is not the most powerful magic weapon in his body, it is of great significance!

Because each string of skulls on the rosary is transformed from the skull of each of his blood relatives. It is a string of powerful growth-type magic weapons!

It's just that he never expected that this rosary, which was created by his own blood relatives, could not withstand the temptation of Wang Ling's finger. It fell directly into his hands...

The feeling of being betrayed and separated from his relatives made him unable to help vomiting blood in public.





Chapter 1815 My shield is endless


At this point, the Skeleton Prince clearly knew that there was no chance of winning against the boy in front of him using head-on methods. This boy from Earth was too weird... He had a weirdness that he had never seen before. It made people wonder. An indescribable weird feeling. I don’t know what I ate to grow up. I can actually be so strong.

He thought of a very strange Eternal One. He was also a miraculous genius who once had control over the power of the universe. Unfortunately, this genius overestimated his own strength before he developed into a mature person. He tried to challenge the alien gods. Palace. As a result, he was swallowed up by the palace. He never came back.

Now facing Wang Ling. The Skeleton Prince has reason to believe that Wang Ling may be the reincarnation of the legendary genius back then.

"King of all appearances...Li Luo." At this time, he stared at Wang Ling and asked tentatively.

"Li Luo?"

Wang Ling frowned slightly. He quickly remembered this person... because according to the Corpse Map list compiled by Zhang Zhui and Li Xian, it was in the Supreme Corpse Map in his hand. There was indeed one. The skeleton called Li Luo.

That was when Dao Ancestor Wang broke into the Palace of the Outer Gods and rescued him from a narrow escape. When he was rescued, Li Luo only had a mutilated skeleton. It is also one of the few remaining limbs in the Corpse Map. The eternal one.

Wang LingI don’t know why the Skeleton Prince equated the Eternal One, who was once known as the King of All Forms, with himself. However, judging from the misunderstood expression on the other party’s face, it is not difficult to guess that the snow-white skeleton in front of him should be the right one. What misunderstanding did you have?

"I know. If I confront you head-on, I'm afraid I won't be able to defeat you. But I still have other ways to deal with you." At this time, the Skeleton Prince said.

He used his last bit of strength and condensed a large amount of spiritual energy to distort the surrounding void. At this time, the white finger bones were disassembled with a "crack", and then suddenly shot forward with a whoosh.

This is a human bullet created from his finger bones. It is extremely fast and has a surging spiritual light. It rolls up huge waves of spiritual patterns in the void and shoots straight into the sky.

Wang Ling remained motionless, because he could see that the human bullet was not aimed at him. The Skeleton Prince's target was not him, but...

"I know. It's despicable to use such methods in a duel. But now, as long as you can win, it doesn't matter if you are a little despicable. If you want to ensure the safety of the girl next to you, I advise you not to make any resistance."

The Skeleton Prince spoke like this. His words were cold. But the finger bones he fired were heading towards Sun Rong over there.

At this time, Sun Rong is in a static state due to the effect of time-stop.

In fact, as early as the moment the Skeleton Prince appeared, the layout had been planned in advance. A space passage directly aimed at Sun Rong was secretly set up in the narrow secret room.

Even if he is later pulled into a different space, he can also use this space channel to directly use Sun Rong as a hostage to blackmail Wang Ling.

This idea seemed perfect to the Skeleton Prince.

However, in fact, the Skeleton Prince did not expect that the moment he arranged the space passage, Wang Ling had already thought of a countermeasure to protect Sun Rong.

So at this time, he didn't listen to the Skeleton Prince's orders at all. He walked towards the Skeleton Prince step by step.

"Don't come here...don't touch me!"

The Skeleton Prince shouted. However, when he saw that the boy's pace still showed no intention of stopping, he became anxious on the spot. He looked at Wang Ling in disbelief: "You really don't care about this girl's life or death!? Forget it... .Then let’s kill this woman first! Even if she dies, I will have someone to support her!"

At this moment, he had a thought in his mind. The finger bone that he shot out before suddenly penetrated the space channel and stabbed forward.

However, the shackles, which were extremely sharp and beyond the scope of knowledge of cultivators on earth, were blocked by a layer of bright red light shield with the same eye color as Wang Ling.

The Skeleton Prince remotely controlled the phalanges. First he exerted force. As a result, he did not pass through the shield added by Wang Ling to Sun Rong.

Seeing Wang Ling still approaching him slowly. The Skeleton Prince became anxious on the spot: "You...you have the guts to stand still and let me break your shield first! I don't believe it." Now. I can’t even break your shield!"

"It's useless."

Wang Ling thought in his mind.

He sighed softly and stopped for the time being to watch the Skeleton Prince's performance.

At the same time, I felt that this Skeleton Prince had a silly cuteness. He knew clearly that he was outmatched, but he still had to use this threatening method to deal with him.

At this time, the expression on the Skeleton Prince's snow-white bones as he tried to break through the shield with all his strength was ridiculous. Even the color of the bones was covered with a layer of red.

This was a blow that he had exerted all his strength to push down. In the end, his fingertips were spinning directly on the shield like a drill at a super high speed!

This speed is astonishing! It reaches one trillion times in one second! He concentrated all the damage on one point of the shield. He tried to use the strongest pressure to break Wang Ling's spiritual shield!

Finally. After about five minutes of trying...

The Skeleton Prince has seen the light!

He finally saw it!

He poked a small gap in the shield. Then the gap soon cracked in all directions like a spider web.

"It's broken! It's finally broken!"

The Skeleton Prince cried with excitement. His fingertips were all worn flat. He used all his strength to finally see the broken shield!

But at the same time, new despair came again.

Because he discovered that there was actually a layer of shield behind the shield...

"It turns out to be a nesting-doll-style shield with multiple structures..." The Skeleton Prince scratched his head. He did not fight Wang Ling. Instead, he directly fought against the shield. He was so addicted to breaking the shield that he couldn't do anything. Extricate yourself.

He looked at Wang Ling fiercely: "If I didn't break all your shields today, I... wouldn't have the shame to hang around in this world of cultivation!"

Wang Ling opened his mouth and tried to persuade the Skeleton Prince.

"You don't have to persuade me! I have made up my mind! You don't have to worry that I will get in the way. I will make my finger bones invisible later... Those earth cultivators' magic power and monitoring equipment cannot see my existence at all. Wait until I break all the shields, and then I will fight with you!" The Skeleton Prince vowed to Wang Ling.

"..."

At this time. Wang Ling sighed infinitely in his heart.

He looked at the persistent Skeleton Prince and really didn't know what to say.

Normal multiple spiritual shields can only have dozens of layers at most. Because of the structure, the outer layers of the spiritual shield require more spiritual energy to be constructed. This is a proportional consumption.

Shields with multiple structures often require the combined spiritual power of multiple cultivators to deploy them.

However, Wang Ling's spiritual power is endless.

In addition, he has always had a stable personality.

So when we first arranged it.

Just put 100 million layers on Sun Rong...

Obviously, the Skeleton Prince did not realize the seriousness of the problem at this time.





Chapter 1816 The Little Thoughts of the Skeleton Prince


In the cosmic space inside King's Eyes, I watched the Skeleton Prince working hard to break through the shield. For a moment, Wang Ling even couldn't bear to do anything to this idiot prince...

Although his face was fleshless and there was no expression on his face, his posture could really be said to be one of concentration and concentration. He was as serious as Wang Ling himself when he was reviewing his homework on weekdays.

This kind of seriousness is not fake. Wang Ling can see it. This Skeleton Prince really intends to break through his 100 million layers of shields...

It's just that it's not easy to break through the shield.

Wang Ling has always been prudent in his approach. He also cast a refreshing spell when deploying the first layer of shields.

In other words, even if the Skeleton Prince finally breaks through to the last level, if there is no way to unlock his refreshing spell first and choose to break through directly.

So...

Those shields that he had broken before.

It will be refreshed again.

He couldn't bear to disturb this idiot prince who was concentrating on breaking the shield. Instead, he withdrew from King's Eyes and allowed the Skeleton Prince to continue to complete his "grand ambition".

On the other side, the Skeleton Prince in the broken shield also breathed a sigh of relief after seeing Wang Ling leave.

In fact, the moment Wang Ling took away his rosary, he had actually clearly sensed the gap in combat power with Wang Ling.

At this time, a head-on confrontation with Wang Ling is a dead end.

He is the last remnant of the undead. He must first ensure that he is alive.

And as the last legacy, he is still a member of the royal family.

Therefore, it is impossible to surrender. Today's Internet hot words of "Rufa" cannot appear on him. Therefore, as the royal descendant of the undead, the Skeleton Prince's final stubbornness is to divert attention by breaking the shield.

Now that Wang Ling is gone, the pressure has dropped significantly. But he also knows very clearly that his work of breaking the shield must not stop. If he can drill for a moment longer, he can save his life.

After returning to the cramped and dark dark chamber, Wang Ling discovered that the finger bone that the Skeleton Prince used to drill Sun Rong was really invisible. But in fact, through his pupil power, he could still see that the finger bone was still there. Working very hard.

After curling up his body back into the corner, Wang Ling buried his head in his knees again. Then with a "pop" sound, he secretly snapped his fingers and resumed the flow of time.

He and the Skeleton Prince had a "battle" in the King's Eyes space.

In fact, it doesn't waste much time in reality at all.

Mrs. Raven looked at the secret room Number 1 of Number 60 High School where there was still no progress. She was dumbfounded as she sat in front of the monitor.

She must have just pressed the button...

Why is there no movement at all?

Is this button fake?

At this time, Mrs. Raven secretly gritted her teeth. When the senior handed the button to her, she clearly said that there were only three chances to test the button.

And every time it is pressed, a powerful Eternal will be summoned to help.

But she had clearly pressed it just now. Why was there no response at all?

With a doubtful attitude, Raven continued to press the button for the second time on the secret rooms of Sun Rong and Wang Ling.

After sensing that the second Eternal One was coming, Wang Ling's familiar finger snapping sound came again.

...

The second Eternal One is a lion-headed half-orc. He is also one of the declining races in the Eternal Period. After seeing Wang Ling, this lion-headed half-orc obviously had a bit of surprise in his eyes.

He looked at Wang Ling. He had a scornful attitude: "Although our lineage has declined, I can still recreate the glory of the eternal Lion King in front of you."

The Eternal Lion Clan values the power of blood. Therefore, the moment this lion-headed man appeared, he sensed the blood aura of Wang Ling as a human on earth.

Ordinary, mediocre, bland, vulgar...

These words flashed through the lion-headed man's mind instantly.

However, he also couldn't figure it out at the same time. How could a young boy from Earth be able to stand firm and compete with him head-on despite his spiritual pressure?

And before him...

There should be other Aeons coming, right?

He remembered that the undead skeleton prince had obviously been summoned away.

But at the scene, why wasn't there any breath left?

Looking at the lion-headed man in front of him, Wang Ling sighed silently. Without saying anything, he directly activated the King's Eyes space and "invited" the lion-headed man in.

"Damn it...how could a person on this earth have such a method?"

When the lion-headed man realized that he had been sucked into the King's Eyes space, it was already too late.

There was an expression of disbelief on his face.

Because in the universe of King's Eyes, he saw the undead skeleton prince who came in before him.

"What are you doing..." At this point, the lion-headed man was shocked.

Because this Skeleton Prince seems to be working very hard to dig into something in the King's Eyes space...

"Hahaha. Here you are...Brother Lion! I am breaking the shield! You don't understand! This shield is difficult to break! I must break it today!" The Skeleton Prince laughed.

"I think you are cowarded! You are the royal descendant of the undead! This is just an earthling. Are you afraid of this?" The lion-headed man snorted, his tone indifferent.

Chi!

The next moment, the golden mane surrounding his neck suddenly released dazzling light like the sun. The hardness of each golden mane was strengthened, and it became a peerless sword. It flew out in all directions. !

This is the most powerful power derived from his golden mane. In a short period of time, the sword energy in the void of the universe was crisscrossed and unstoppable. Countless stars were divided into powder by the sword energy. At the same time, endless chaos aura erupted from that root. The root turned into a mane of sword light and was released.

In the end, these flying manes gathered in the sky. They condensed into a golden nine-headed lion and rushed towards Wang Ling.

This scene is very scary. The nine golden lions show their kingly posture in the sky.

Wang Ling It can be seen that this is the ability of "Dharma Arms". Only the extremely powerful Eternal One can display it.

Armed with law.

As the name suggests, this is after summoning one's own dharma image. The dharma image is strengthened again through powerful means, such as putting on a layer of armor. At this time, the nine-headed lion's dharma image is sacrificed from the lion-headed man. His golden mane is spread all over his body. He is armed to the teeth.

The golden manes turned into extremely tough and peerless swords. They were stuck upside down on the nine lions, completely covering their bodies, like hedgehogs.

Wang Ling saw this scene and suddenly understood.

Since it's a sword...

Then it will be easier to handle.

"Sword comes--"

At this moment, he had a thought in his mind.

Jingke was summoned directly.

Slash forward!

In one encounter, the sword fell from Qian Yu. The golden nine-headed lion collapsed on the spot...





Chapter 1817 Another one is crazy


Jingke appeared. He had not yet launched a major offensive. The nine-headed golden lion in the space environment was bald on the spot. All the hair on his body was scattered. It was like a goddess scattering flowers in the sky.

"How could this be so..." The lion-headed man couldn't believe it. His Dharma weapon had been cultivated to the top level. It was an extremely difficult trump card for any Eternal. But he was directly used by the young man in front of him with a mahogany sword. Dissolved into the invisible.

What exactly is this peach wood sword...

The lion-headed man stared at Jingke, trying to detect his spiritual consciousness. However, it was blocked by an invisible barrier and refracted back, hitting him directly in the face.

Boom!

A very powerful blow, which shattered the bridge of his nose on the spot and caused blood to flow freely.

This act of shooting himself in the foot made the lion-headed man furious at this moment: "How dare a mere earthling dare to be so presumptuous!"

With a huge roar, he opened his big mouth. The moment he raised his head, it doubled in size. A huge lion head was as heavy as a mountain. Countless light blades spewed out of his mouth to split the space.

This is the Void Splitting Slash. Through the combination of spiritual power and the energy of chaos, the explosive energy generated by this combination is sprayed directly from the mouth. It covers the entire space in front of it almost in an instant!

In just a moment. Wang LingThe scene in front of him was covered by countless light blades.

These golden light blades were like blades piercing Ku Xuan. They passed through Wang Ling's clothes at an extremely fast speed. What made Wang Ling slightly surprised was that the 3.0 version of Number 60 High The School's enlightenment uniforms actually suffered several cuts under such an offensive.

It seems that a new version of the enlightenment technique will be added to the school uniforms again...

Wang Ling sighed in his heart.

It can only be said that these nine lions are indeed stronger than he thought. Before, Number 60 High School's uniforms were rarely damaged.

Therefore, Wang Ling never thinks of adding any barriers to oneself when fighting against the enemy.

You have to give the other party a chance to see hope.

If you could give yourself a shield with hundreds of millions of layers just like you gave Sun Rong a shield. This kind of visible despair would scare anyone away in an instant.

Therefore. Wang Ling just wore this ugly and tattered school uniform to compete. As a result, Number 60 High School's uniforms withstood the test every time.

It seems to have been a long time since the last time the school uniform was scratched...

For Wang Ling, whether the school uniform is broken or not is a way to identify the strongest among the eternal.

In order to protect the school uniform from further damage, Wang Ling held Jingke. Countless sword shadows also split in the air to compete with the light blades that filled the sky.

It was like the collision of two meteor showers from the sky, causing huge explosions in the universe. The battle once entered a fierce scene. The lion-headed man roared, and his eyes were cold. When he opened his mouth, there was a black rod covered with strange spiritual patterns. The black spear suddenly spit out from his big mouth.

The spear was like a dragon. It was hundreds of feet long. It was aimed directly at Wang Ling!

This is the Lion King’s Overlord Spear of the Lion Clan!

It is a powerful weapon that has been passed down from generation to generation since the establishment of the Lion Clan. Now it was sacrificed by the lion-headed man in public. Wang Ling was also a little surprised when he saw it.

After all, Wang Ling is just a seventeen-year-old child. There are many things that he has never seen before. Therefore, seeing many novel things feels like visiting a museum for the first time.

The Lion King's Overlord Spear is too long. The spear comes out like a dragon. It penetrates from a distance. The radius of the spear body is five feet long. Wherever it passes, the space breaks apart. It directly explodes the energy in the universe. . It turned into a boiling ocean.

Such a huge and shocking momentum made Wang Ling realize that he had to take it seriously

"Are you going to use that weird peach wood sword..." The Skeleton Prince of the Undead also stared at this scene from a distance. He hoped in his heart that the Lion King's move would work. If he could defeat Wang Ling . He can also escape from the sea of suffering. He no longer has to use the broken shield as an excuse to maintain his own life.

So at this moment, he stared in the direction ahead with his peripheral vision and decided that Wang Ling might sacrifice the peach wood sword in his hand.

However, Wang Ling thought about it again and again. He just turned the sword and inserted it into his back.

Immediately afterwards, I saw him take a deep breath and condense the power into his index finger, instilling it all to one point!

When the bright red spiritual energy surged out from the young man's index finger, Wang Ling pointed the way with an immortal move. He aimed at the huge lion king spear and passed it out!

At this point, the skeleton prince of the undead clan and the lion-headed man of the master clan were dumbfounded. They were surprised by Wang Ling's operation... This is the lion clan's overlord gun! It is the most powerful chaos weapon of the lion clan! The sequence level has reached the third A level 4 brightness level chaos device!

This young man only used his index finger to block it purely with physical strength. Is this a normal human being?

Boom!

The Lion King's Overlord Spear collided with Wang Ling's index finger. In an instant, the sky exploded. The head of the Overlord Spear was directly destroyed by Wang Ling. The power of this index finger hit Huanglong. Fine cracks appeared from The head of the gun began to extend. It spread directly along the head of the gun several hundred feet to the tail of the gun.

"ah..."

At the same time, the lion-headed man screamed. He vomited blood. Veins popped up all over his body. His face turned pale in pain.

As the Lion King Gun completely collapsed, he could not withstand the huge lethality caused by the backlash of this clan treasure. He rolled in the void of the universe for a long moment. He got up from the ground covered in blood. .

Although he was not killed directly, the power brought by the backlash just now made the lion-headed man realize that he was no longer able to resist Wang Ling...

This boy from Earth is too scary. He is not as simple as a mascot as written in the information!

It was only then that the Lionhead realized what had happened to the undead skeleton prince who had been breaking the shield at the side...

It turns out that I already knew that I couldn't beat him, so I just fished here!

At this time, Wang Ling walked towards the lion-headed man step by step. With his trouser pockets inserted, he had the same calm and calm attitude as always.

His red eyes gave people a strong sense of contempt. There was a feeling of not taking everything seriously.

The more the lion-headed man looked, the more frightened he became: "I'm telling you, don't come over! You've got the guts. Wait until we break the shield before continuing!"

He hurriedly took a few steps back and stood side by side with the undead Skeleton Prince. Then he skillfully pulled out his index finger and began to imitate the Skeleton King and jointly study the method of breaking the shield.

Wang Ling: "..."

This is already the second Eternal One. Wang Ling I really can’t figure out why these people work so hard for that Holy King.

What benefits were promised to this group of people?

Now. Is there the last one left?

At this time, Wang Ling counted with his fingers. Two of Raven's summoning opportunities have been used up. I don't know what the last one will be.





Chapter 1818 Creating the Eternal Utopia


The situation is worse than the lion-headed man imagined. Just a few breaths ago he was complaining about why this idiot skeleton prince of the undead was here to fish in the name of breaking the shield.

As a result, I also touched it now...

There is no way. The main reason is that Wang Ling is too strong. It completely controls the inner universe of King's Eyes. It has an unparalleled power. His Lion King Overlord Spear! The fourth level of the clan's chaos magic weapon. !It was completely destroyed by this young man with one finger.

What a terrifying hard power this was. It made the lion-headed man feel numb for a moment. So he had to settle for the next best thing. He took the same approach as the Skeleton Prince of the Undead.

otherwise...

Life is not guaranteed.

Moreover, both of them were particularly worried about what to do if the shield was broken by them in the end. So they tacitly let go of each other. They seemed to be working very hard to break the shield. In fact, you are paddling carefully.

"What to do..."

At this time, the two Eternals trapped in the inner universe of King's Eyes are both thinking about the same question.

I don't even remember what my original mission was.

The Holy Lord sent by the Holy King asked them to find the master hidden in Number 60 High School, and then take his soul back. And the body was planted with a magic weapon like "parasitic seed". Leave it to the parasitic seed. Take control of your body.

Both of them were full of confidence before they were sent here. They felt that they were fully capable of the task this time.

After all, one of them is the prince of the undead tribe, and the other is the current leader of the lion tribe.

Although there are no other members of the two clans, they all inherited the blood of the royal family.

With this layer of bloodline power added to him, his strength on paper is much stronger than most of the Eternals.

It can instantly kill most of the Eternals who have turned into skeletons in the Supreme Corpse Map.

And dealing with the Blood Lotus Female Slaughterer who defeated the Siren Monk was naturally a piece of cake.

However, although their idea was good, it was difficult to implement it.

Just like the product departments of some companies. They always come up with some unrealistic ideas and ridiculous operations. Programmers often lose their hair when performing tasks.

For example, there are some authors with the surname Ku who are clamoring for more updates all day long. Before coding, they confidently said that they would destroy the world. However, when it came to coding, they were submissively fucked by the world...

Facts have proved that there is always a difference between ideas and practice.

And Wang Ling actually didn't expect that two eternal beings of royal blood would be so afraid of themselves.

But how to say it.

Can scratch his school uniform.

Praise is still needed.

From the beginning Wang Ling had no intention of killing these two people.

After all, they are the descendants of the royal family. Moreover, they are all Eternals. They already know as much as Li Xian and Zhang Zhui.

So the initial purpose of Wang Ling was to capture the two of them alive like Pokemon and then imprison them in the Corpse Map for domestication.

The Eternal One. As the oldest line of human cultivation civilization. Since Dao Ancestor Wang originally intended to protect and preserve it, he must have his own reasons.

And Wang Ling believes unswervingly. Regarding the creation of Talisman who can limit the energy in his body once and for all. In the end, he must start from these eternal ones.

Looking at the two members of the royal family in front of him, the thought in Wang Ling's heart was to create a Utopia of the Eternals within the Supreme Corpse Map.

Let the Eternal Ones gradually adapt to modern cultivation civilization under certain constraints in the world of the Supreme Corpse Map, and eventually turn these Eternal Ones into their own strength to prepare for emergencies.

This idea is like creating a game world. Wang Ling can serve as the main god of this game world. Let these eternal beings build their own homes, establish sects, and revive the glory of their clans in the past. Finally, The benefits are then distributed according to each Eternal's contribution to the world.

Anyway, the things piled up in King's Pants are inexhaustible. Any magic weapon taken out is enough to make this group of ancients fight for their heads.

Therefore, under the premise that the system is clear, the benefits will be distributed according to the degree of contribution. In this way, no one will have any objections.

But Wang Ling also knows that he has such an idea. It is not easy to implement it.

The first step is to establish a management team with him as the core that is trustworthy and has prestige among the Eternal Ones.

Li Xian and Zhang Zhui are his confidants, so they are naturally the first candidates.

But it is difficult to achieve deterrence by just relying on the strength of two people.

Therefore, we need royal family members like the Skeleton Prince and the Lion-headed Man in front of us to play supporting roles.

However, the legacy of just two royal families seems to be a bit scarce...

Therefore, he only needs to dig out all the Eternal Ones from the Holy King.

After two rounds of duels, Wang Ling discovered that the Holy King seemed to have a hobby of collecting royal heritage. The two Eternals in succession were both members of the royal heritage...

So who is the third person who comes next?

Wang Ling is very curious.

Following the previous routine, Wang Ling temporarily unlocked the time-stop effect.

Through the screen on the monitor, Mrs. Raven saw Wang Ling still burying her face in her knees. She almost went crazy...

"Why is this person still squatting inside and acting cute!!"

"Why didn't there be any response when she pressed the remote control?"

"Damn it...this button can't be fake, right? Did you promise to send strong people to support you? Why didn't you get any reaction at all?"

"Is there anyone who can take care of this guy?"

Although there is only one last chance to press the button.

But her fingers couldn't help but move wildly.

In a very short period of time, I clicked "click, click, click, click" countless times...

Then. The time-stop effect is activated again.

Because Wang Ling can sense that the third Eternal One has arrived. And it is exactly what he thought. He has the blood of the royal family.

Unexpected by Wang Ling.

The third Eternal One is a female Eternal One. She is wearing a gorgeous glazed robe. Like a mysterious goddess falling from the sky, she appears in front of Wang Ling with countless seven-color petals.. .

"It turned out to be Meng Liuli..." The undead skeleton prince and the lion-headed man were shocked at the same time when they saw the woman appearing.

I never expected that Meng Liuli, the famous dream controller among the Eternal Ones, would actually be under the command of that Holy King and work for the Holy King.

What is completely different from the Skeleton Prince and the Lion-headed Man is that after realizing that she was sucked into the inner space of King's Eyes, the woman named Meng Liuli was not in a hurry to take action.

Instead, he looked at Wang Ling and said: "You are willing to put so many shields on the girl outside. Come to think of it, that girl is a very important person to you. Whether you want it or not recognize..."

She looked at Wang Ling. Then her face changed into Sun Rong.

"The shield is ineffective against me." Meng Liuli smiled and said: "Now, I am her, and she is me. If you hit me, all the injuries and pain will be concentrated on that girl... "





Chapter 1819 Meng Liuli LureWang Ling


Is it an illusion?

Wang Ling frowned slightly.

In other words, this is not a simple illusion, but a clone type spell that is very similar to a "real clone". But the target of the clone is not oneself, but a designated person.

Meng Liuli knew that Wang Ling was difficult to deal with. Therefore, he withdrew part of Sun Rong's spiritual power. Using a super strong imitation power, he quickly combined the surging spiritual power in his body with Sun Rong's. The spiritual energy was completely assimilated and condensed into a body that was put on his body.

As a result, she became Sun Rong.

This is a superb magic skill. Meng Liuli calls it {Moonlight Knight's Oath} or (Knight's Oath) for short.

At the same time, the assimilation skills of soul, clone, and spiritual power are used. It is very clever. Only the Eternal One who is completely proficient in this type of magic and has extraordinary strength can do it.

The most important thing is that by doing this, you can really ignore the influence of the external shield and start the disintegration directly from the inside.

After Meng Liuli appeared, she was full of confidence in the methods she used. She came to rescue the Skeleton Prince and the Lion-headed Man. But when she threatened Wang Ling, she looked at the two people behind her with her peripheral vision. She found that The two men were still concentrating on breaking the shield. They looked like they had completely given up resistance.

She even received disdainful taunts from the skeleton prince and the lion-headed man.

Ridiculing Meng Liuli for being too young...

I don't understand how dangerous the boy in front of me is.

The look in his eyes was clearly telling her that these techniques were child's play in front of Wang Ling. He advised her to give up her resistance quickly and stop struggling pointlessly.

At this time, Meng Liuli gritted her teeth and summoned a glass dagger. Staring at Wang Ling: "I am the princess of the Dream clan. Today I want to show you how powerful I am."

Wang Ling: "..."

She was yelling like this, but in fact, the Liuli dagger she summoned. Wang Ling could see that it was not a dagger meant to stab her. It was the dagger Meng Liuli used to kill herself.

When this wonderful assimilation relationship is completed with Sun Rong, all the pain will come back to Sun Rong. Naturally, Meng Liuli is not afraid of getting hurt.

The next moment, she gritted her teeth suddenly, held the handle of the dagger, and inserted it deeply into her thigh on the spot.

At this time, Meng Liuli couldn't wait to see Sun Rong's extremely painful look. She was imagining the moment when her knife stabbed in. Sun Rong's snow-white and slender thigh, blood flew out at the same time. appearance.

However, it turned out that she was overthinking everything.

The knife had just been stabbed down here. The lion-headed man on the back immediately let out a heart-rending scream. A clearly visible knife edge immediately appeared on the leg of the lion-headed man who had broken the shield. Glazed light penetrated inside. Follow the meridians and pound the Huanglong directly to destroy it inside.

"ah..."

"You ***...self-righteous ***!"

The lion-headed man roared in pain. The curse words he cursed turned into asterisks, just like sending a telegram.

It was only then that Meng Liuli discovered that the face of Sun Rong, who had concluded the {Moonlight Knight's Oath} with her, actually turned into the head of a lion-headed man.

Passed on?

She immediately realized that this was a transfer of harm. Originally, after she concluded an assimilation contract with Sun Rong, an external force came to help Sun Rong conduct a second confrontation with the lion-headed man. Assimilation contract. This led to his stabbing. In fact, the one who was injured was the lion-headed man.

But at the scene, the only person who could do this was the young man in front of me.

Meng Liuli was greatly shocked.

She had devoted herself to studying the spell for so long. She actually learned it directly from the other party in just a few meetings. Her proficiency seemed to be even higher than hers.

When Wang Ling saw through {{Moonlight Knight's Oath}, Meng Liuli realized that there was no point in continuing to use this trick.

No wonder the royal family among the two Eternals looked at me with that look...

There is indeed something strange about this earthly boy. He is not easy to deal with.

The method of frontal coercion will no longer work. Meng Liuli felt that if she wanted to tame the young man in front of her, she must use some alternative methods.

So. After unlocking the spell effect of {{Moonlight Knight's Oath}}, Meng Liuli raised her hands towards Wang Ling and slowly walked towards her. Her voice was delicate: "This little brother. ..I, the princess of the Dream Clan, will never obey anyone’s orders. You are very strong... Do you want to work with me to revive the royal family? I am willing to be yours..."

She said this to Wang Ling sincerely.

Coercion failed. Meng Liuli could only sell something else. And she always believed that this trick would be useful to Wang Ling.

After all, he is a hot-blooded young man. No normal man can withstand such an offensive.

As she walked towards Wang Ling, she untied her belt, allowing her fair skin to be looming under the transparent glazed robe. The blood on the leg of the lion-headed man behind her had not stopped yet. . It surged even more fiercely in an instant.

However, the expression on Wang Ling's face remained unchanged from beginning to end.

It is true that he is a young man with a strong spirit. But he will not face Meng Liuli with a strong spirit. As the princess of the Meng clan, Meng Liuli is of course a very beautiful woman. Graceful and beautiful, like a seven-color gem with dazzling brilliance.

She still maintains her youthful appearance. Such an appearance is like that of a goddess walking out of a painting. Any man can only describe her with the words "pleasing to the eye".

However, it is a pity that Wang Ling only needs to use a little bit of eye power. Meng Liuli's appearance cannot support it.

Because of the relationship between removing the false and preserving the true. Although Meng Liuli tried her best to use various beauty-preserving spells and elixirs to maintain her appearance, in the eyes of Wang Ling, as long as the King's Eyes are running, Meng Liuli is just a living person. The old woman in the time of eternity.

At this time, in the eyes of the Skeleton Prince and the Lion-headed Meng Liuli, who was walking towards Wang Ling gracefully, in the eyes of Wang Ling she was just an old woman with sagging skin, age spots and wrinkles on her face. ..

Wang Ling admits that he has never seen a beautiful girl. Faced with an old woman, he is indeed not that "hot-blooded".

So. He didn't speak. He just took out his enchanted mobile phone. After applying a little King's Eyes spell, he took a picture of Meng Liuli's most realistic appearance.

Although Wang Ling knows that what he does may be a bit cruel to women. But people... always have to face their truest side.

Without saying a word, he directly used King's Eyes to perform magic projection. He projected the dream glass he had just photographed into the void.

This is the public execution of Meng Liuli...

And this time. It's obvious.

Meng Liuli couldn't bear it anymore.

The corner of her mouth twitched. She looked at the projected old face in the void. Her expression immediately changed...





Chapter 1820 Wang Ling’s chess game


King's Eyes' ability to remove the fake and preserve the real is amazing.

After stripping away all the beauty and beauty effects, Meng Liuli couldn't even accept her ugly appearance.

As an eternal person, all the postures after aging are concentratedly reflected in Meng Liuli at this moment. It is like entering the twilight years and growing old.

Then, Wang Ling could clearly feel that Meng Liuli was autistic. She squatted directly in the void with her head in her hands, looking very painful.

At this point, the three Eternals assigned by Madam Raven have all been dealt with.

I don’t know why. Wang Ling always feels like it’s not fun enough. There’s a sense of emptiness.

But if you think about it carefully, the gains this time are not small. At least three Eternals of royal blood have become pawns in his subsequent layout.

All that's left is to wait until the Holy King behind him can't restrain himself and take action.

This is the final boss level character.

Although Wang Ling is currently unclear about the connection between this holy king and Bai Zhe. But from the current point of view, the two parties are not the same force.

The resources of the Eternals controlled by the Holy King are incredible. The trump card in his hand goes far beyond the three royal families currently trapped in his King's Eyes space.

Before all the trump cards are revealed, I'm afraid he won't show up so easily.

In this case. Wang Ling thinks it might as well be a comparison of trump cards.

The trump cards held by the Holy King were collected through constant lobbying.

But Wang Ling is different.

He can always have more trump cards whenever he wants.

There is just no trump card.

He can also create trump cards.

"Next, leave it to me." At this time, Wang Ying appeared. He materialized directly from a group of black shadows. His white hair, and his face that seemed to move out of sight, made it clear to the three eternal members of the royal family here. Startled.

"Um."

Wang Ling nodded. He took over the baton from Wang Ying. Then he voluntarily evacuated from the King's Eyes space.

At this time, the Skeleton Prince, the Lion-headed Man and Meng Liuli were staring at Wang Ying who suddenly appeared. The fear in their minds could not help but come up again.

They have an intuition.

That's the white-haired boy in front of me. Compared to the black-haired boy just now... he's even more difficult to deal with!

He is a ruthless character who is not easy to negotiate with.

"Everyone, stop it. Don't use breaking the shield as an excuse. You don't want to break the shield at all. You just want to survive. I want to destroy you. How can my master waste so much time?"

Wang Ying crossed his arms and said with a sinister smile: "Don't worry. I'm much easier to talk to than my master. As long as you are willing to surrender, I won't do anything to you."

"We are a royal family...how is it possible..." the lion-headed man said first. He wanted to curse loudly, but he swallowed it when the words reached his mouth. He did not dare to shout like this in front of Wang Ying.

He could see that Wang Ying was a ruthless character. If he was not careful, he would be killed.

"But you are not serving the Holy King behind you now? As a royal family, you have no dignity to talk about." Wang Ying said.

"Then this is a contract! The three of us are all the same." At this time, the Skeleton Prince couldn't help but interrupt and said: "We just abide by the cooperative relationship of the contract. There is no distinction between superior and inferior!"

"That's just the boss's workplace PUA." Wang Ying laughed immediately after hearing this.

Although it has been determined that the Holy King's forces have nothing to do with Bai Zhe, the method of deceiving his subordinates into working for him is surprisingly similar.

Bai Zhe used the same rhetoric when he commanded the dragonborn headed by Jingze.

It sounds shameless to outsiders.

However, this method can retain those employees who have successfully been left out of the pie.

These are all normal operations in business management.

It’s commonplace in the eyes of capitalists.

But Wang Ling's business model is different. Because there are so many things in his King's Pants, the things he can promise are by no means a pie-in-the-sky pie. Nor will they create bourgeois antagonism and exploitation.

That's right.

Wang LingThe ultimate goal is exactly what was originally envisioned.

Create a Utopia of Eternals in the Supreme Corpse Map. Everyone will be divided according to their contribution to the world. The big ball will drive the small ball. Let some areas become rich first... and ultimately achieve common prosperity.

A smart person can understand the choice between the tangible and generous rewards that can be seen and the illusory pie.

So. When Wang Ying proposed the idea of asking the Skeleton Prince, the Lion-headed Man and Meng Liuli to build the world of the Eternal Ones, the eyes of the three people suddenly changed.

An expression that actually works like this.

Build a utopia that is completely united by the Eternals. This is the vision that the three royal families once aspired to. The key is to ensure sufficient resources. You can get visible rewards based on your contribution alone. Almost all you have to do is immerse yourself in the construction. Just your own homeland is enough. There is no need to engage in various tribal wars for resources like in the past.

When everyone becomes rich, in the end it will be a perfect communist society!

"Although your idea is wonderful, but...whether it can really be realized is also a question. Anyone can make a pie-in-the-sky argument," the Skeleton Prince said.

At this time, Wang Ying nodded slightly. He stared at the people in front of him with a very serious expression: "So, do you want to go and take a look?"

"What are you looking at?"

"King's Pants."

Wang Ying said confidently: "That is the gathering place of resources in the entire universe. No one has a stronger foundation than the Lord."

...

After leaving the King's Eyes space, Wang Ling resumed the flow of time. At the same time, he also realized that it was time to solve the problem at hand. Continuing to waste time in this secret room seemed to be of no use.

Even Sun Rong himself didn't expect it. It was just a blink of an eye. Wang Ling had already eliminated three royal-level Eternals.

She had some doubts in her heart. It was a sixth sense. She always felt as if she had missed something during the time she buried her face in her knees.

And the most important thing is. Sun Rong has a vague intuition. It feels like there is something outside of his body that is always pushing against him.

At this time, Wang Ling secretly looked at Sun Rong with his peripheral vision. He was shocked to find that... the finger bone from the Skeleton Prince was still drilling into Sun Rong's shield!

wipe!

How dedicated is this girl to breaking shields!

Didn't Wang Ying take them to visit King's Pants? Why are they still here to break the shield?

At this time, the corner of Wang Ling's mouth twitched. He didn't know how to explain this to Sun Rong. He just looked at the invisible finger bone left by the Skeleton Prince in embarrassment.

"Wang...Ling?" He saw Wang Ling looking at him strangely. Sun Rong's eyes showed a trace of confusion.

She suddenly raised her head. As a result, the phalanges that were drilling through the shield slipped out very smoothly with the change of Sun Rong's posture. The door of the secret room in front of her was broken into pieces on the spot...

"What the hell? Why did classmates Wang and Sun stay in the same room, and suddenly there was a hole?" In the studio, several photographers stared at the images from the monitor. Their expressions twitched, and their faces were shocked.





Chapter 1821 The other 2 groups out of 60


This result was something that Mrs. Raven had never imagined. She set up the secret room. She originally intended to use this design to bring out the dark side of these young people's hearts.

Raven has always believed that watching variety shows that are friendly and friendly is not that interesting. It is more interesting to watch variety shows that are about intrigues and pulling out each other's hair.

However, all of this turned into a cloud as the team Wang Ling and Sun Rong took the lead in breaking the secret room.

I don't know if it's an illusion. Mrs. Raven always felt like there was an invisible electric drill that she couldn't see. Otherwise, it would be impossible to explain why Wang Ling and Sun Rong could break through the secret room so easily.

"Do you want to get tested? I feel like something is wrong." A program producer questioned.

"No need... let's do this for now." Mrs. Raven said, holding her forehead.

She now has reason to believe that this was caused by the three buttons she pressed earlier.

If this invisible electric drill really came from the hands of the seniors she summoned, then it is obvious that the purpose of this invisible electric drill from the beginning was to go to Wang Ling and Sun Rong.

But it's a pity that there was a mistake...

As a result, the electric drill directly helped the group Wang Ling and Sun Rong break through the secret room.

This is the attack of the Eternal One!

He was actually being hidden by two high school students?

Mrs. Raven's eyes widened. She felt extremely unbelievable... She felt that she had underestimated the name of Wang Ling, the mascot of Number 60 High School.

...

The huge movement alerted everyone in the surrounding secret rooms. Li Youyue and Fang Xing were in the secret room. Fang Xing, who seemed to have been waiting for a signal, suddenly opened his eyes.

"It seems that it's time to take action." Fang Xing said. The expression on his face revealed a kind of calmness and confidence.

When she and Fang Xing were locked up together, to be honest, Li Youyue always felt that Fang Xing was a bit strange. He was a bit unlike the man she knew in the class who was full of sunshine and always had a smile on his face.

Compared to his usual appearance, Fang Xing's body at this time exuded more of a sense of mystery that filled his every move. It was unfathomable and impossible to fathom.

Before, Li Youyue had always thought that Fang Xing was silent because he was looking for a way out of trouble. But unexpectedly, after hearing this noise, Fang Xing stood up on the spot as if he had received some signal.

He stretched out his index finger, with a strategizing posture, when a white spiritual energy bloomed from the fingertips.

There was a buzz! His index finger turned into a small steel snake. It drilled directly into the keyhole.

Li Youyue looked a little confused: "Fang Xing... what kind of spell are you doing???"

Fang Xing smiled to himself: "It's just some tricks I learned from my father. It's not worth mentioning."

"So that's it." Li Youyue nodded: "Although we are in the same class, I always feel like I'm meeting you for the first time today."

"Do you feel this way?" Fang Xing smiled awkwardly. He didn't look away. He was still concentrating on the unlocking work using his own method.

"Yes. I feel that you are a little different from the usual you. But I can't put it in words. You feel more attractive like this."

Li Youyue laughed. She couldn't help but gossip: "But you usually receive a lot of love letters. I don't have to worry about you as much as I do Rongrong."

"Yes." Fang Xing nodded. He hesitated before speaking. Then he said, "Actually... I also have someone I care about very much."

"The person you care about? The kind you like?"

"I don't know." Fang Xing thought for a moment, shook his head and replied, "I don't know either. Is this a liking. Or a kind of gratitude. Or maybe it's an illusion of being conquered by that kind of personality charm."

"Indeed. If you don't confirm what you really feel, directly confessing your feelings may be harmful to both of you." Li Youyue, who has studied love science and is dedicated to playing the role of matchmaker, helped Fang Xing. analysis said.

In fact, she rarely talked to Fang Xing at all when she was in class. She didn't expect that during this event, Fang Xing would actually talk to her about such things.

Sure enough, participating in competitions and team building together is really helpful to enhance the emotional bond between each other!

Fang Xing deliberately slowed down his movements. While unlocking the door, he asked: "Besides, I found out that I also like another friend of mine. I have never had the habit of trying to steal people's favor, so until now I don't either. Know what to do."

"Do you think the two of them are capable?"

"Maybe..."

Fang Xing smiled bitterly: "If you are really with me, maybe there will be no results."

After hearing these words, Li Youyue's thoughts became quite confused. She felt that Fang Xing's situation... seemed to be far more complicated than Sun Rong.

"I'm sorry for telling you all these irrelevant things."

After about ten seconds, Fang Xing suddenly said: "The lock has been opened. I think we can go out. I hope you can keep it a secret for me. Don't tell anyone."

"Okay...I understand." Li Youyue nodded.

...

At the same time, on the other side, Chen Chao and Guo Hao were also struggling with the lock. They had tried various methods within their capabilities, but they had never been able to break through the shackles.

"Guo... If it doesn't work, just use a saw to cut off my hand." Chen Chao said, looking ready to die heroically.

"It's super. Just listen to me. It's not like that. It's just a variety show. It's not the real Saw!" Guo Hao said, dumbfounded: "There's always a way."

"We won't be the last ones, right? I just seemed to hear something from Wang Ling and Fang Xing... It's not shameful to be the last one in Number 60 High School. If even the people from Glio City Even high school students can't compare. That would be so embarrassing!"

Chen Chao gritted his teeth. He felt a surge of blood in his body: "I don't want to be the last one!"

Then he looked at Guo Hao: "Don't you have many uncles? In this variety show, there is no uncle of yours? You can just ask him to help us unlock the door."

Guo Hao laughed angrily at these words: "What are you thinking...How could there be my uncle here? Having said that, asking people from the show to help unlock the door. Doesn't this really count as cheating?"

The words just fell.

Chen Chao, Guo Hao suddenly heard a sound like a key falling on the ground in the extremely quiet secret room.

A gleaming key seemed to be thrown through the cracks in the secret room. It landed directly at Chen Chao's feet.

"It's the key!" Chen Chao became excited.

There was more than just a key. Chen Chao found that there was a ribbon tied behind the key.

Using the light provided by the fingertip fireball technique, the two of them saw clearly the words written on the ribbon: "Nephew, uncle is here to save you! Use the key to open the lock!"

Guo Hao: "?"





Chapter 1822 Kick on the iron plate


The situation was reversed in an instant. When the Uzumaki Emperor who originally had the upper hand suddenly fell into a disadvantage, Jiuyun felt it almost instantly.

Obviously, Raven's pressure failed. The master hidden in Number 60 High School was not forced out. So now he has no choice but to do it himself.

The iron prison of yin and yang. At this time, Jiuyun stared at Wang Muyu in front of him. He knew that this was the best goal. If he wanted to hook out the hidden master... he had to wrong the child first. .

He opened his hand. A golden spiritual pattern spread out from the palm of his hand like ripples. Then it slowly spread towards Wang Muyu's position.

As members of the Heavenly Dao Alliance, what they are best at is not just the marksmanship when using the "Heavenly Dao Gun". Mind control spells are the skills that people in the Heavenly Dao Alliance major in.

Jiuyun had performed this {Mind-Taking Technique} very carefully. It was a diluted version of the spell. He did not use all his strength.

This is a spell that can achieve mind control in a short period of time. However, Jiuyun still kept his hand when the person he was facing was a child. If he had used the undiluted version directly, Wang Muyu might have stayed after the spell was lifted. Have strong sequelae.

However, what Jiuyun didn't expect was that he had obviously successfully used his mental telepathy skills, but the spiritual connection with Wang Muyu had not really been established.

"strangeness..."

He was quite surprised. Even if it was a diluted version, it was just a child. How could the control fail?

Jiuyun frowned. Golden ripples surged in his palm. Without hesitation, he increased his efforts in an attempt to control Wang Muyu.

Buzz!

In the next second, he felt his mind telepathy reflected back by a force. At the same time, an illusion appeared in his mind. When he came to his senses, he and Wang Muyu were no longer in the previous space.

It’s the soul that has been moved!

Jiuyun reacted immediately. At the same time, he broke out in cold sweat. He never thought that Wang Muyu had such a skill... He was not an ordinary primary school student!

In just a short moment, he transferred his soul to a new space. This method... very few people can do.

Not only that. Jiuyun also realized that the space he was in was very extraordinary. The terrifying secret power of dragon's breath was flowing. It made people feel as if they were witnessing a pilgrimage of ten thousand dragons.

roar!

A huge dragon shadow appeared in the sky, looking down at the earth.

This is the spirit of Dharma derived from Wang Muyu. It is so majestic that it cannot be compared to others.

"Who are you..." Jiuyun was completely shocked. He underestimated Wang Muyu. At the same time, he felt extremely incredible about this "truth". They spent so much effort to investigate who among the six people in Number 60 High School He is a hidden master.

In the end, I never expected that the elementary school student in front of me was the hidden boss.

Is it the Eternal One?

Jiuyun frowned. If he were the Eternal One, I'm afraid Wang Muyu would still be the top one. Because of the difference in strength, he had already felt it, and it was obvious.

Damn...

At the same time, Jiuyun also found that his body could no longer move.

In the distance, there was the sound of a dragon roaring, as if it was a sound coming from another shore.

At this time, deep in Wang Muyu's core world, Jiuyun's soul was shaking. The dragon shadow flashing with colored glaze on the sky was too huge. It was just a blurry shadow. It made people breathless.

"What on earth are you..." Jiuyun stared at this scene. He felt that his spirit had completely collapsed. He could not imagine Wang Muyu's true identity at all, although he already had some guesses in his mind.

"As you can see, I am a dragon." Wang Muyu said, without concealing anything.

He moved Jiuyun's soul to the core world. He was not afraid that Jiuyun would tell him later. Because he determined that Jiuyun would be mentally abnormal after leaving. At the same time, he would be too frightened and forget what happened in the core world. These things.

"Ha..." Jiuyun was dumbfounded. His knees couldn't bear the fear at all and he collapsed on the spot.

Dragon?

What a joke...

That is an eternal creature that has become extinct. It only appears in legends. In today's world of cultivation, it is impossible for dragons to survive in the world.

At this time, Jiuyun was completely dumbfounded when Wang Muyu revealed his identity.

In other words, what he faced was not actually the Eternal One, but a dragon in human form...

He felt like he was dreaming. It felt very unreal.

"It turns out that you are the mastermind behind this..." Jiuyun's voice trembled. He couldn't believe this ending. He thought that the Heavenly Dao Alliance had a guaranteed victory in this battle.

As a result, I didn't expect that a little dragon man would be killed halfway.

"The person behind the scenes?" Wang Muyu narrowed his eyes and smiled after hearing Jiu Yun's words: "How can I have such ability?"

Hearing this, Jiuyun became even more horrified: "Since you are not the mastermind behind the scenes, that means...you are under the control of others?"

This question made Wang Muyu think about it carefully. Then he answered cautiously: "Control is out of the question. Now we have a separate relationship. He calls me brother, and I call him dad."

"..."

The corners of Jiuyun's mouth twitched.

What and what is this!

"Since you are a dragon...how can you recognize an Earthling..."

"What's wrong with the people on Earth? Don't look down on the people on Earth. Not all people on Earth are the same as you." Wang Muyu retorted with an unhappy expression.

He looked at Jiuyun and shrugged: "I thought that even if you were not as good as I thought, you would at least be a qualified opponent. But I had already noticed it when I was locked in the cage. You didn't even get a passing grade. None. It makes me very disappointed. If it weren’t for daddy also participating in this competition, it would never be my turn to take action in a battle of this level."

Hearing these words, Jiuyun's face turned slightly red. He felt so ashamed that he wanted to find a hole to burrow into. His body trembled slightly. There was a kind of suppressed anger: "Don't go too far...this earth. After all, it is still the earth of earthly cultivators... It is not your turn, alien beings, to comment on human cultivators here."

"Correction. What I just said was not a comment. It was just plain contempt."

Wang Muyu smiled.

On this earth. Except for Wang Ling, Sun Rong, Wang Nuan and the earthlings related to these three people, Wang Muyu had no intention of taking the rest of the earthlings into consideration from the beginning.

At this time, Jiuyun stared at Wang Muyu. His eyes were a bit cunning: "Don't be so arrogant that you are invincible... There are people outside..."

"That's it. You should have told me earlier. I can give you a chance to ask for help off the court." Wang Muyu didn't pay attention to Jiuyun's trump card at all.

Then he restrained the aura of the core world and gave Jiuyun a chance to breathe: "Come on, call out your trump card. Let me see what kind of thing you are."





Chapter 1823 Shuffle


Everything was within the layout and arrangements of Wang Ling. Being suppressed by Wang Muyu, Jiuyun quickly began to ask for help in the name of the leader of the second group of the Heavenly Dao Alliance.

It’s no wonder that he dared to come here to help Jiuyun at this time. He was nothing more than a collector of those with eternal royal blood. That is, the holy clan headed by the holy king.

However, neither the Heavenly Dao Alliance nor Jiuyun has the right to talk directly to the Saints. Therefore, they can only entrust an organization designated by the Saints to convey the message on their behalf.

And this organization is the Tengu.

But what Jiuyun didn't expect was that the current actual control of Tengu was also in the hands of Wang Ling.

Because Levis has become the new Grand Pope. And the Grand Pope himself is also an Eight-Star Tengu among the Tengu. He has the absolute right to speak in the Tengu organization. He also has the right to dialogue with the Saints.

Therefore, when Levis received a signal for help from Jiuyun, he, now transformed into the Great Pope, was not in a hurry to send reinforcements.

He hated the Heavenly Dao Alliance and wanted to teach the Heavenly Dao Alliance a lesson from a very early stage. Therefore, he temporarily put aside Jiuyun's request for help and tried to make Jiuyun endure a little more confrontation with Wang Muyu. The mental pressure and suffering of being on the line.

There is nothing happier than watching someone put on a mask of pain.

Of course, at the same moment, there were Pei Luoqi and Meiko Asi standing in front of him.

The two people stood in front of him respectfully. They kept their eyes closed and lowered their heads. They did not dare to look directly into his eyes. They were as good as two grandchildren. They did not dare to speak at all...

Previously, in order to shift the blame, the two of them passed the death of the Great Pope onto someone else. As a result, the uncle of Yuan Zun actually appeared in front of them without any problems. This surprised the two of them.

After ruling out the possibility of a fake corpse, the two of them began to secretly use their own methods to verify the authenticity of the great pope in a tacit understanding.

The Great Pope's realm strength itself is not strong. Therefore, for the two people who have entered the Venerated Immortal realm, there are countless ways to verify the true identity of the Great Pope.

They originally thought that the great pope must be someone else pretending to be someone else. Therefore, they tried to expose the great pope's mask with full confidence.

Levis naturally knew what the two of them were thinking, and deliberately walked down to warm them up for a while, giving them a chance to test them personally.

However, Wang Nuan's "Shadow Film Assimilation Technique" is too perfect. It is impossible to break it with just the strength of the two of them.

"It turns out to be the real Pope..."

At this point, Pei Luoqi and Maico Assi shed cold sweat at the same time.

The two of them had a guilty conscience. They thought about all the possibilities. But they never thought that the great pope would actually come back to life.

Seeing the slightly panicked expressions on their faces, Levis knew that the time had come.

He raised the corners of his lips and said completely following the tone of the Great Pope: "I know. You two have always had issues with me."

"No...no. The two of us are loyal to the church. How could we have any objections to the big brother?" Pei Luoqi quickly bowed and said. He used the word "big brother". This was usually when no one was around. Peirochi's special name for the great pope. It shows the unusual relationship between the other great popes.

When Maikoasi heard that Pei Luoqi was trying to get closer, he was naturally not to be outdone. He also hurriedly defended himself and said: "I don't know where the great pope heard the news. Both of us have deep respect for the great pope. And I respect the great pope." The respect of the Great Pope is definitely higher than that of Team Leader Pei."

When Pei Luoqi heard this, he twitched the corner of his mouth and said, "General, what do you mean? You mean that I don't respect the Pope as much as you do? Over the years, our Heavenly Dao Alliance has served the church, mediating the conflicts between the various forces. From life to death. Among them, there are also I have helped the general to settle a lot of things for you. These things...haven’t the great pope forgotten all of them?"

When Levi heard this, he didn't speak in a hurry. He tried his best to control his emotions and suppressed his laughter with his usual professionalism. He watched the two people in the audience start to argue with each other.

Mecoasi: "Your Heavenly Dao Alliance is just a peaceful organization. Can this be used to brag? If it weren't for the support of the Great Pope. Look at how many forces are willing to give you such a reputation as the Heavenly Dao Alliance." ."

Pei Luoqi: "I wonder if the general would dare to say this to the leader of our Heavenly Dao Alliance?"

Maikeasi chuckled: "Why don't you dare to do this?"

Pei Luoqi: "Our Heavenly Dao Alliance serves the church. If you hurt the heart of the leader of our Heavenly Dao Alliance, you will break the heart of the church. It will also break the heart of the great pope. You said you respect the great pope before, but I feel that you You don’t take the Archpope seriously at all. Unlike me, I only feel sorry for the Archbishop giegie!"

"..."

Realizing that the topic was gradually going off track, Levis quickly cleared his throat and directed the topic to the track that Wang Ling wanted to arrange: "You two, there is no need to argue anymore. I know. You two treat me the same way. A loyal person."

He stood up. He held the cane that symbolized the power of the great pope. He said leisurely: "I called you two here. It's not to ask for punishment. The main thing is to remind you two not to fall into the trap."

"A trap? I wonder what the Archpope meant?" Pei Luoqi said.

"You two are having a huge quarrel here. Who is the biggest beneficiary?" Levis asked.

Beneficiary?

Maikeasi frowned.

The people related to this matter. One is Raven. And the other is Levis.

Although Levis was rescued by the Office of Strategic Deception, no trace has been found yet. However, I think it is also known that there is no direct connection between the victimized president of the Red Orchid Society and the beneficiary.

Therefore, after Levis, who was pretending to be the Great Pope, said these words, Pei Luoqi and Meco Assi suddenly realized it almost instantly.

Two words popped into my mind at the same time!

--Raven!

This woman with deep connections has been developing in the city of Glio these years, recruiting soldiers privately in the name of a variety show producer.

If there is a conflict between the two of them, the biggest beneficiary will naturally be Raven.

"I knew this woman would be difficult to deal with."

"That's it! Brother Dajiao is deliberately reminding us not to fight internally, but to point the finger at the outside world!"

At this time, Maikeasi and Pei Luoqi expressed their opinions one after another.

In fact, they don't have any substantive objections to Raven. After all, Raven only develops in the city of Glio. In fact, it does not threaten the Heavenly Dao Alliance and the nationwide army of Mecoasi.

However, now because of their humility, the two of them tried their best to show their loyalty to the church.

So Raven became the common target of the conflict between the two of them.

"So...kill her."

Levis knew that the time was now ripe. He used the body of this great pope to give orders to Mecoasi and Peirochi.





Chapter 1824 The Lower Realm of the Holy Lord


Not long after Jiuyun sent out a distress signal, the reinforcements he imagined did not arrive in time. Instead, a large number of army troops wearing gray-brown field uniforms and Heavenly Dao Alliance troops with the auspicious cloud logo of the Heavenly Dao Alliance were surrounded from all directions. Combat troops.

This is the elite army unit from Mecoasi and the rest of the Heavenly Dao Alliance except for the second group. They all rushed here under the command of Pei Luoqi.

All the situation is as expected by Wang Ling. As a result, the three parties in Glio City are fighting here. The variety show will not continue to be recorded.

And Wang Ling has designed all of this from the beginning for this purpose.

The scene immediately fell into chaos. The white warriors on Raven's side, Pei Luoqi's Heavenly Dao alliance troops, and Mecoasi's army troops started a vigorous group fight. The fight was fierce.

Such a chaos made the second group Jiu Yun and the six prodigies from the Uzumaki Emperor dumbfounded. They had just escaped from the secret room. As a result, the chaos in front of them made them stunned. They had no idea what was happening. What.

"What's going on? The white warriors outside seem to be fighting!"

"Then are we going to record this show? Is it arranged by the program team?"

After all, they are just students. Where have we seen such a battle in the peaceful cultivation era?

When the white warriors under Raven's hands were stained bright red by the splattered blood, this dazzling color also awakened the tense nerves of everyone in the Uzumaki Emperor and Number 60 High School.

This is obviously not a deliberate arrangement by the program team. It is a small-scale civil war!

Everything is true!

But... why do we have to fight?

Jiujiu Yun, the second team member of the Heavenly Dao League, and the six prodigies from the Uzumaki Emperor were a little confused.

They clearly knew about the recording plan for this variety show. They also clearly knew that the preparation for the recording of this show was related to the three parties fighting in front of them. Moreover, it was a plan arranged by the Archpope after unified coordination.

In other words, the three parties in front of us are all participants, and Mrs. Raven is just the main planner. As a result, the three parties are now fighting each other directly in front of everyone.

"I understand!"

At this time, Guo Hao screamed. As a senior gamer, he quickly thought of a possibility: "Is this the legendary plan to kill the dog?"

Wang Ling: "..."

Everyone: "..."

Guo Hao analyzed carefully: "Only this situation can explain it. Otherwise, why would they fight? Think about those reasons.

I am a game planner who makes money. Every time during the holidays, I come up with a bunch of props that destroy the balance of the game...what the hell is this."

Everyone was silent.

The current situation, the bloody scene, stimulated everyone's attention.

"Let's go. Lao Lin has prepared the car. It's better for us to evacuate here first." At this time, Sun Rong said.

The show will definitely not be able to be recorded.

In order to avoid being affected by the fighting, everyone could only find a way to evacuate.

"Evacuate? What about the duel between us?" The captain headed by Uzumaki Teizhong was a little dissatisfied. He had been looking forward to it for a long time. Finally, he waited until this time to face off against the legendary Number 60 High School. opportunity.

And he was very much looking forward to fighting Sun Rong. But he didn't expect that the situation would suddenly turn into chaos. Not only would the program be suspended, but there would probably be no chance to challenge Sun Rong in the future.

"The days are long. There are always opportunities." Sun Rong replied unhurriedly: "Now it is still important to ensure everyone's safety. This is not something that we as students can get involved in."

She smiled generously. Then she stared at the people in the Uzumaki Emperor in front of her: "Of course. It's actually very simple to compete with me. As long as you join Gray Cult."

"Gray Cult? That literary organization?"

"That's right. I'm also a member of Gray Cult." Sun Rong smiled and said: "Every year our Gray Cult organizes and plans exchange activities between believers, both civil and military. If you consider joining, there will be opportunities later. .If you are active in the church, you can even apply in person to the leader of the church to challenge by name."

Speaking of this, the eyes of these people in the Uzumaki Emperor suddenly lit up.

In fact, they didn't want to be manipulated by Raven to participate in this fake and fatal variety show challenge.

But I really want to have a fair and just competition with this oriental mystery school from Huaxiu country by relying on my true talent.

It is true that if this matter came from other people's mouth, they certainly would not believe it so easily.

But it's different if the person speaking is Sun Rong.

What is the identity and status of this eldest lady? Everyone in the Uzumaki Emperor knows it very well.

The eldest lady of the Huaguo Shui Lian Group. The words spoken by such a person are not necessarily casual.

At the same time, I saw that Sun Rong was subconsciously developing the Gray Cult organization.

Wang Ling could only say to himself, "Good guy."

Because not long ago, Sun Rong was the strongest high school there on Sun Island. Jiudaohe High School developed the Sun Island Gray Cult branch represented by Jisaki.

I didn't expect that now, I would jump right into the topic again. A Gray Cult branch headed by Uzumaki Teichaka in Glio City would soon be established...

Such organizational and planning capabilities truly amaze Wang Ling.

It's okay to just turn an enemy into a friend.

...

After spending a short time to sort out the ideological work of the group of people in the Uzumaki Emperor, Number 60 High School and the people in the Uzumaki Emperor finally got on the bus prepared by Butler Lin and prepared to evacuate the scene.

When it was time to set off, Wang Ling saw Wang Muyu running from a distance.

In front of so many people, this little guy was not shy at all. He jumped up and pounced on the upper body of Wang Ling. He was like a koala, entangled in Wang Ling.

"..." Wang Ling was helpless. He looked at Wang Muyu's face. Even though the corners of his mouth were twitching, he couldn't really do anything to Wang Muyu.

This face is so similar to his. Wang Ling felt that if he did it, it would really feel like "I'm going to hit myself."

"Where is the man named Jiuyun?" Guo Hao asked when he saw Wang Muyu coming alone.

"Ignore him. He is not a primary school student at all. He is the leader of the second group of the Heavenly Dao Alliance." The six members of the Uzumaki Emperor immediately rebelled and revealed Jiuyun's true identity.

"Damn...pretending to be a primary school student. Is that okay?" Guo Hao was shocked. Although he had expected that this show would be unfair, he never expected that Mrs. Raven would be so shameless.

Leader of the Heavenly Dao League group. What level of master is that...

He was actually sent here to face off against real elementary school students?

Don't you feel any shame or shame at all?

But in this regard, Wang Muyu just smiled kindly: "It's okay. He didn't do anything to me either..."

...

On the other side, Jiuyun, who was beaten beyond recognition by Wang Muyu, was lying in the shed of the sports center. He was beaten by Wang Muyu until he lost his memory. He couldn't remember what happened just now.

When he came back to his senses, he only heard the chaotic sound of fighting outside and the clear sound of footsteps walking towards him step by step.

"I didn't expect it would actually turn out like this."

The person who spoke was a man with a golden swirl on his face. He was the special envoy of the Holy Race sent by the Holy King. He was called the Holy Lord by the previous Siren Monk.

"The opponent is just as the Holy King expected. He is difficult to deal with."

At this time, he stared at the scarred Jiuyun in front of him and sighed in a disembodied voice.

Then, he suddenly turned around and stared in the direction of the bus where Wang Ling and others were.

"That's right there."

The Holy Lord smiled contemptuously and said: "It seems that it is the turn of this special envoy to come on..."





Chapter 1825 Wang Ling’s first showdown


This Saint of the Holy Tribe had a sinister swirling face. He determined that there must be a hidden master in Number 60 High School. Therefore, after observing Jiuyun's injuries, he ran in the direction of the bus and chased him without hesitation. past.

Ling Ran's murderous intent was approaching from a distance. Wang Ling could tell that this person was serious. And he really had murderous intentions towards a group of students who only had the Foundation Building, Golden Core realm. An alien whose realm far exceeded the level of the earth. A strong star race. It is as easy as stepping on ants to obliterate the Foundation Building and Golden Core.

Buzz!

Just above the bus where Wang Ling everyone was sitting, the Holy Lord walked directly out of the center of the vortex with the golden vortex. His face could not be seen clearly, but he could clearly feel a hint of joking from the vortex. laugh.

Then he took action directly. With one palm reaching up to the sky, it turned into a cage and covered it.

This is the Palm Cage. A cage built with ultra-high-density psychic molecules. The interior forms its own cosmic environment. Once locked in it, it will withstand a huge amount of cosmic pressure. It is definitely not something that a cultivator from Foundation Building or Golden Core can do. contend.

"Wang Ling. What to do..."

Sun Rong asked anxiously via voice transmission.

She could also see it. This was a tough temptation from her opponent. She wanted to directly screen out among them who was the eternal mighty person hidden among them.

The girl gritted her teeth. The blue sword energy on her body was ready to go. She was ready to protect everyone on behalf of Wang Ling. Even if her strength was exposed, there was always a way to solve it later. For example To erase the memories of those who saw this scene...

Whether it is physical elimination or spell elimination. Sun Rong is now familiar with it.

However, what Sun Rong didn't expect was.

This time, the boy actually walked over with his school uniform in his trouser pocket.

The golden vortex behind the saint released a dazzling light, illuminating the sky in front of him. Under the dazzling halo. Number 60 High School. Everyone in the Uzumaki Emperor saw it Wang Ling A figure walking forward alone.

The young man who looked slightly thin and frail. The moment the palms of his hands collided with each other, he stretched out just one finger and the whole cage collapsed.

"Wang... Ling?"

Chen Chao, Guo Hao, Li Youyue, and the six people in the Whirlpool Emperor all opened their mouths with extreme surprise on their faces.

They rubbed their eyes. They couldn't believe what they saw.

"I'm not dreaming...is this really Wang Ling?"

"So your child is really that powerful???"

Especially Chen Chao and Guo Hao, who have been making Wang Ling "mascot" jokes on weekdays. The shock on their faces is almost beyond description in words.

They would never have thought that Wang Ling was really a hidden top cultivator...

Obviously. This is a monster.

Even the six members of the Uzumaki Emperor were so shocked that they broke out in cold sweat.

They always felt that Mrs. Raven's various arrangements were unfair.

After all, in terms of strength on paper, their average strength is stronger than the Uzumaki Emperor in Golden Core. Let a group of practitioners from the Foundation Building stage of Number 60 High School compete with them. It is really a bit too bullying.

And the most important thing is. Forget it. They actually invited one of the team leaders of the Heavenly Dao League to pretend to be a primary school student and join the competition.

But now it looks like...

This arrangement seems to be reasonable.

Because there is a hidden boss among the people at Number 60 High School!

And he is actually the one who looks the most harmless!

At the same moment, streaks of golden-red immortal energy emitted from Wang Ling's school uniform. It was Wang Ling's immortal king's shield constructed from the original energy, aura and chaos power. It was applied here in an instant. On everyone.

It can be clearly seen that the immortal king's shield is also blessed with various spells. It is a rune language that is completely obscure and incomprehensible.

But Fang Xing probably knew the purpose of this spell.

That's a designated type of memory erasing spell.

People who are completely unaware of Wang Ling's affairs. They are set up so that they can only remember how strong Wang Ling is when the Immortal King's Shield is attached... Once the Immortal King's Shield is canceled, everyone's The memory will turn into the state where Wang Ling is just a "mascot".

This is Wang Ling for future consideration.

In this way, there is no need to erase the memories of this group of people every time...

Anyway, the battle is resolved in the blink of an eye.

"As expected, it's you! I think there's something wrong with you!"

On the other side, in the sky, he saw that his cage was broken. The Holy Lord had a look of surprise on his face.

Palm Prison is just a basic spell used for testing. Not even one tenth of his strength is used.

He rose up in the air and swept across with a kick. He wanted to shock Wang Ling to death. In an instant, his right leg was covered with runes and shrouded in golden light. The position of the sole of his foot also appeared when he kicked it. It has become a whirlpool. The space has been completely distorted. There is a force that smashes it together.

With this kick, the explosive impact will directly affect the entire area.

Wang Ling reacted quickly. While grabbing the foot, he pulled the opponent into his own spiritual realm.

At the same time, everyone in the nearby area was brought there.

The inherent spiritual realm of Wang Ling is built on the basis of Number 60 High School. The feeling of returning to Number 60 High School makes many people here feel unreal.

"Boom!"

As expected by Wang Ling, he blocked the blow with one hand. Although he did not feel any pain on his body, the huge impact was still devastating and made the ground behind him dent.

It was a pit with a radius of a thousand feet. There were cracks in all directions. This shows how powerful this kick of the Holy Lord was.

But obviously, the other party underestimated Wang Ling's physical strength.

Wang Ling grabbed the person's ankle with an expressionless face. It swung it in the air like a skipping rope. It violently hit the ground with an astonishing force. The inherent spiritual realm felt constant vibrations. It was as if it was being experienced. A big earthquake.

He has not yet fully exerted his full strength. This Holy Lord has been transformed beyond recognition by the impact of Wang Ling being smashed again and again. The golden vortex on his face has been directly deformed. It has sunk deeply. At the same time, it is ejected from the center of the vortex. Yellow blood.

"The most powerful one who can sanctify his body..." The Holy Lord was stunned. His head was knocked unconscious.

He originally thought that Wang Ling was just an ordinary Eternal-level powerhouse. However, when he launched a hasty attack, he was shocked to find that this was not the case.

The young man grabbed his ankle. At that moment, the Holy Lord saw the layer of faint golden-red light covering the young man's body. It was like a shining golden-red jade. It was crystal clear and without any flaws.

The sign of the sanctification of the physical body is that the physical body and the bones in the body can be transformed into a light golden color. This is what Buddhism calls "the indestructible diamond".

Usually, the higher the intensity, the thicker the golden color.

However, the golden-red holy body was something he had never seen before... a crystal clear golden-red color. Only the most powerful ones who have become saints in the physical body can cultivate this kind of holy body that has even the bone marrow and blood vessels tempered to perfection. !

This person...

What exactly is it?





Chapter 1826 The sight from the other side


There is no doubt that this is a crushing education. The holy saint of the holy clan was dragged by Wang Ling by his ankles and beaten on the ground like a scarecrow. There is no longer the shining golden statue when he appeared. posture.

The Uzumaki's face was now bruised and swollen. Yellow blood was constantly spraying out. Even his breath was much weaker. It felt like he was beaten until he was about to die.

Such crazy output under the hands of Wang Ling can be described as smooth and smooth. Seeing Number 60 High School and Uzumaki Emperor's previous classmates who had no idea about Wang Ling were all dumbfounded. It seemed like they were in a dream. Why? I couldn't believe what I was seeing.

As expected of a father...

Wang Muyu teleported himself to the top of the teaching building. It was an excellent place to watch the battle. The view was wide.

At the same time, he was constantly observing the holy lord who was being beaten crazily.

It can only be said that compared to the ordinary Eternal Ones, the Holy Lord from the Holy Clan is indeed stronger. And the Holy Lord in front of him in terms of combat power alone. Wang Muyu feels that it is stronger than the previous Jingze and Yan?? Quite a few.

In the end, he was beaten severely by Wang Ling. He was beaten so hard that he had no energy left to fight back.

But at the same time, Wang Muyu also knew that this was not over yet. Each race had its own characteristics.

They know very little about the Saints. Apart from knowing that they have a strange swirling face, there seems to be nothing strange about them.

He knew. Although Wang Ling gave him a severe blow, since he didn't kill the opponent directly, he still wanted to test what other methods the saint could come up with.

"I thought your child was not a normal person before. I didn't expect him to be so cruel!" Chen Chao was excited when he saw it. Although he still hadn't fully digested the facts related to Wang Ling in front of him. But this scene was still able to Let him feel a sense of comfort from the bottom of his heart.

"Yes." Guo Hao nodded. As a good brother, he was also proud of Wang Ling: "We should have noticed it earlier. After all, not everyone can be like Wang Ling. Every time My average score in all exams... In fact, I also suspected that there was something wrong with Lingzi. For example, we could win several large-scale competitions with him. This is very strange! We are obviously not very strong."

At this moment, for everyone at Number 60 High School, the existence of Wang Ling has completely surfaced like the sun is shining through the clouds.

But for Wang Ling, the saint in front of him is still a mystery.

"He can't kill you. Get up and fight again. No matter what, I'll pull out some of his teeth."

At this moment, Wang Ling, Wang Muyu and Sun Rong heard a voice from the other side. A giant golden eye opened from the depths of the universe. The line of sight penetrated layers of space. It actually entered directly. In this inherent spiritual realm.

Wang Ling noticed this mysterious sight.

At the same time, he also followed the line of sight that seemed to be transmitted here from the other side of the universe and saw clearly the body of the giant golden eye.

For a moment, his thoughts were a little confused.

Because the appearance of this giant eye is very similar to the "Cosmic Embryo" previously obtained from the Palace of the Outer Gods. That Cosmic Embryo is still in the hands of Wang Ling. It is injected by Wang Ling every day Lots of psychic energy.

However, that "Cosmic Embryo" is like a baby that can never be fed enough. No matter how Wang Ling injects energy, the buds never bloom.

So Wang Ling was thinking whether there was a problem in some link.

In other words, there is another Cosmic Embryo.

Both must be collected in order to have a sympathetic response.

He thought that it might take a long time before new clues could be found about this matter. Unexpectedly, he got new information from the Saints at this moment.

Wang Ling waited on purpose.

The Holy Lord, who was on the ground with a bruised face and a bruised face, quickly stood up again with a brand-new attitude.

Powerful self-healing ability. It can also shorten the duration of serious injury effects.

This kind of recovery method has to be praised by Wang Ling as being much better than Bai Zhe back then.

"Gui Laoliu. Try to kill him! If you can't kill him, you will cripple him. How can the reputation of my holy clan be lost in the hands of an earthling?"

The members of the holy race from the other side of the universe are still instigating him again through the Cosmic Embryo in their hands. They share the same hatred and look like they want to skin Wang Ling.

Wang Ling raised his eyelids in a lack of interest. He didn't notice these clowns at all. He stood up again while staring in front of him. The Holy Lord, known as Gui Laoliu, said calmly: "Okay. Is it done?"

Gui Laoliu looked at Wang Ling with a gloomy face and said: "You are too conceited! You are so merciful during the battle? If you want to fight, you have to hit the opponent until there is no room for breathing! I admit that it was me before. I underestimated you. But our Holy Clan is not that easy to deal with."

He hummed and said. As soon as he finished speaking, he immediately stepped on the ground. In the underground cracks that emerged, countless golden tentacles protruded from them, directly holding Wang Ling's ankle.

Wang Ling frowned slightly.

It's not that this method is surprising. But the moment the golden tentacles tied his ankles, Wang Ling felt through these tentacles that there was a certain amount of Old Dominator's bloodline power in this saint's body.

The immortal energy on his body, mixed with the power of chaos, shook these golden tentacles away. He originally wanted to scare these golden tentacles back to the ground, but he didn't expect that these tentacles became more and more courageous as they fought.

More golden tentacles emerged from the ground, and many glazed scales condensed on the tentacles.

Wang Ling looked indifferent. He grabbed one of the tentacles and peeled off the scales. Once again, he was shocked to find that the scales on the tentacles were not ordinary scales. They were dragon scales...

This is not the most outrageous thing.

The most outrageous thing is.

Just after Wang Ling pulled off the dragon scales, these golden tentacles seemed to be stimulated by something again. Countless wings actually grew on their bodies.

Holy. Crystal clear. And extremely sharp. While swinging the tentacles, these wings instantly turned into blades of light and fell off the golden tentacles. They rushed towards Wang Ling overwhelmingly.

In an instant, the place where Wang Ling was located was bombed on the spot. Smoke and dust rose in all directions. The land was blazing red after being poured out by huge spiritual energy. It was like being scorched by the sun.

"So strong." Sun Rong sighed inwardly.

After all, this is within Wang Ling's own inherent spiritual domain. He can still be so unbridled in an environment that is not conducive to him. This saint clan should not be underestimated.

"?"

However, at this point in the battle. Wang Ling slowly raised a question mark in his heart.

He had imagined the possibility of many saints. But he never thought that the saints were actually a mixed race... Or to put it more bluntly in modern Internet buzzwords.

Good guy.

This race is simply the ultimate suture monster!





Chapter 1827: People of the Saint Tribe. Souls of the Saint Tribe. All Saint Tribes are superior to others.


Wang LingNo matter what, I never expected that the Holy Clan was actually a hybrid product of ancient cultivators, God Clan, Dragon Clan and Old Dominator...

The most outrageous thing about this is not that this bloodline has the bloodline of dragons and Old Dominator. It is that the saints also have the bloodline of ancient cultivators.

In other words, the essence of the saint race is actually still human...

This is what makes Wang Ling the most terrifying.

After Wang Ling's deduction. According to the timeline, Old Dominator is the first hybrid obtained by the Saints. Then it is the turn of the Dragons and Gods.

So the big brother back then had to be very hungry to choose to marry those alien monsters with tentacles all over his body... The most outrageous thing is that he actually gave birth to a mixed-race child.

Then the first mixed-race child became the first generation of the Holy Clan leader. He inherited his father's fine traditions and fell in love with a dragon. After already being mixed-blooded, he mixed-blooded again and gave birth to a child who was both. A hybrid of ancient human cultivator, Old Dominator and dragon.

After waiting until the later gods entered the game, the current complete body of the saints was formed...

Wang Ling It is also estimated that during this period, the Holy Race also combined with many other races. However, because the bloodline abilities of those races were too weak, they were simply not useful.

So the current Saint people are really weird. In Wang Ling's view, this kind of mixed-blood behavior is tantamount to using their own blood to cultivate poison...

It stands to reason that there should be a racial segregation mechanism in the universe. Even if sometimes the mechanism fails and results in mixed races, the mixed-race children will most likely become weak and deformed due to racial mismatch. It is impossible to survive.

And obviously, the original patriarch of the Holy Clan had withstood all the above tests. He truly survived with the blood of two different races.

And his birth also laid a solid foundation for the Holy Race to absorb other subsequent races in the universe.

"Saint people. Saint souls. Saints are all superior to others! Come on, Gui Laoliu. Kill him directly!"

At this time, the voice from the distance encouraged again.

The Holy Lord named Gui Laoliu immediately erupted. Thousands of golden tentacles emerged from the ground and turned into thousands of hands behind his feet.

If you take a closer look, it turns out to be a strange ancient god. A golden ancient god with only half a body. Surrounded by arms derived from ten thousand tentacles. There is a halo of gods on the top of the head, and dragon war wings on the back. Even if such a statue is Wang Ling has never been seen before. It immediately caused the void to collapse inch by inch.

At this time, fighting within the inherent spiritual realm may no longer be able to withstand such an offensive.

"Heavens."

The critical moment. Wang Ling operates King's Eyes. When the golden eye power is released.

An eternal light seems to have lasted from eternity to the present. It has a taste of eternity.

After dealing with ten sheltered creatures last time, Wang Ling once again used King's Eyes to sacrifice the "world of the heavens" that is higher than the supreme world - the world of the heavens·King's Eyes!

That kind of wave of annihilation of all things came from the news. It made people completely stunned. It was so shocking that they were speechless.

This kind of close-up visual impact is too explosive. It cannot be matched by any special effects movie in the modern cultivation world.

The golden Heavenly City is as high as the sky. The towering ancient buildings are full of brilliance. They exude unparalleled divinity and cover the entire sky.

Just looking at it with the naked eye and feeling it with your body gives you a sense of awe. It makes people fall to their knees and almost want to worship.

"Heavenly City..."

Even Wang Muyu was stunned.

This was the first time he saw Wang Ling use such a method. A look of astonishment appeared on his face. Only the strong can understand how outrageous this is.

As for Chen Chao, Guo Hao and others, because their realms are too different and they have the blessing of the "Immortal King's Shield", they are not afraid of pressure and prevent many intuitive effects. Although they know that this is a great method, but for a while I can't even understand the meaning of this Heavenly City.

I can only use the word "fuck" to sum up the shock in my heart and mind.

"Such a thing could happen..." Even Gui Laoliu couldn't believe it. There would actually be earthly cultivators opening this door above the highest world in a human form.

He originally thought that he could directly disintegrate the inherent spiritual realm of Wang Ling after sacrificing the spirit of the Dharma. However, he did not expect that the earthly boy directly used his pupil power to dissolve it and summoned such a world of heavens, completely covering the inherent spiritual realm. Lose.

Compared with the inherent spiritual realm just now, the intensity of this heavenly world is self-evident... Although his hybrid ancient god cannot break through, it at the same time gives him a full sense of excitement.

Because that would mean. He could cause a scene here!

Buzz!

With the mixed-blood ancient god as the source, the huge power of chaos was condensed under the control of Gui Laoliu. The body of this mixed-blood ancient god instantly swelled. It stood out in the golden Heavenly City. It was like a shangfangjiewa. chimpanzees. turned into the size of a city.

hiss...

Everyone watching at the scene couldn't help but gasp. Such great supernatural powers are definitely not accessible to them at this level. If Wang Ling hadn't deliberately left them to watch, maybe they wouldn't have been buried in the ground for hundreds of thousands of years. can reach this level.

Everything is like a dream.

Sun Rong was also stunned. First, he was shocked by such a fierce battle scene. Second, he was attracted by the figure of the young man towering in the sky at this time.

Only Wang Ling can touch her heart all the time. Her thoughts can't help but flow...

The enemy this time is really strong.

Sun Rong can indeed feel it.

But she doesn't know why as long as Wang Ling is around, she can always feel a sense of peace of mind.

"This ancient god is too big. It must be as big as a city! Movies don't dare to do special effects like that! How are we going to fight this? Is Wang Ling okay with him?" Guo Hao was frightened by the sight.

"There must be no problem. Everyone, be careful. Just don't rush too far forward to take a look." Sun Rong said.

"Your mistake was to bring these humble ants here to watch."

At this time, Gui Laoliu, who had expanded the hybrid ancient god to the size of a city, smiled at Wang Ling and said, "In order to prevent you from being distracted, I decided to wipe out these ants first!"

The words just fell.

He started directly. When the white sleeves on his body were unfolding, the weird hybrid ancient god behind him moved quickly at the same time. A fist fell from the sky like a comet hitting the earth. It was aimed at Number 60 High School, and everyone in the Uzumaki Emperor and beat away in the direction.

Wang Ling calculated the trajectory accurately and arrived in advance at the moment when the fist fell. Immortal energy lingered outside his body. He stretched out his physical fist to resist. He collided with this hybrid ancient god.

Boom!

In an instant, in the void, the comet-sized fist of the hybrid ancient god exploded on the spot under the blow of Wang Ling!





Chapter 1828 What should I do if my lady falls in love with nuclear bombs?


Everyone's color changed. They all gasped. This comet-sized punch was met head-on with only its small flesh fist like a drill. It was completely defeated in an instant.

Wang Ling is too ferocious. Such power is immeasurable. The power of the punch just now was conservatively estimated to have exceeded 1,000 nukes!

"Nuclear. What is that?"

After hearing this concept, Chen Chao and others were puzzled. They asked the others: "Is it a unit of measurement for combat power?"

"This is a unit of measurement of combat power that can only be achieved after reaching a state that you can't imagine. Nuclear. Referred to as nuclear. 1 The power of nuclear can easily destroy a planet as big as the earth. And kill everyone under the ancestral realm... "At this time. Sun Rong replied.

"Damn it! That punch Wang Ling just had 1,000 cores?"

"Well. And this is not all the strength of classmate Wang Ling..."

"Pervert! Why are there such perverted guys living around me!" Chen Chao couldn't help but cursed. Even so, Sun Rong could still clearly feel the overflowing excitement of Chen Chao and others.

But at this moment, Chen Chao suddenly discovered a blind spot while being excited: "Eh? Why do you know so much, Boss Sun?"

Even Butler Lin, who was standing nearby, was confused about this issue. He and his friends were completely stunned. They had no idea what was going on.

But at least this time Wang Ling's showdown made Butler Lin suddenly understand a little bit. Why his young lady is so interested in this ordinary earthly boy...

It's a pity that there is no mobile phone signal at all in the world of heavens. Otherwise, he would definitely ask a question on Bihu - What should I do if my young lady falls in love with a nuclear bomb? Wait online. It's quite urgent.

"That... was actually told to me by classmate Wang Ling just now!" In desperation, Sun Rong could only withdraw in a panic. Her face was red. Anyone could feel it. Sun Rong had an uncomfortable expression on his face.

But in this case, everyone was attracted by the magnificent battle scene in front of them. No one would check whether Sun Rong's words were true or false.

Normally, Chen Chao would definitely be able to tell something was wrong immediately.

What did Chuanyin say?

Why are you the only one transmitting the message?

When did your relationship become so good?

But now, like everyone else, he is all focused on the battle in front of him. At the same time, he is also working hard to use his limited knowledge of cultivation to refresh his subverted view of cultivation.

...

Wang Ling's punch can be called a flesh-bomb impact. It hit him fiercely. Golden light surged all over his body. It was like "Captain Marvel" in the science fiction movie.

A long golden light trailed from his body. At the same time, it was mixed with different energies from all over the universe, such as the original Qi, Chaos Device, and Spiritual Qi. Finally, it converged into the mixed immortal Qi. He raised his momentum to the extreme, displaying unparalleled combat capabilities. .

There is no doubt that Wang Ling is standing at the top of human cultivators at this time. He possesses supreme spiritual power.

Like the chosen one who has emerged from eternity. Completely crushing him from beginning to end.

Fearless. Unparalleled.

The hybrid ancient god's recovery speed was extremely fast. The moment his entire right arm was split into hundreds of millions of fragments by Wang Ling's punch. With the surge of spiritual energy, these broken fragments quickly merged and condensed into a whole.

Gui Laoliu looked solemn. He was a saint and one of the six guardians of the saint clan. Although he was ranked sixth in seniority, he also had the experience of insight into eternity.

The young man from Earth in front of him was really weird. It was something he had never seen before.

He is obviously not the Eternal One, but his momentum crushes all. He has reached such an astonishing level with just his physical body. Not only does he possess the most powerful world in the world, but he is not weak at all even in front of his hybrid ancient gods.

So who is this monster?

Gui Laoliu looked solemn. He quickly formed seals. A familiar and terrifying aura broke out. It penetrated into the entire world of the heavens. A huge palace rising from the ground was formed. The whole body was filled with darkness. Color. It is densely covered with weird runes. And the entire palace hangs upside down. It looks like an illusory ghost palace. It is incompatible with the golden buildings in the Heavenly City in the entire world of the heavens.

"The Palace of the Outer Gods..."

Wang Ling frowned.

He had been thinking about why this ghost Lao Liu could move around freely with his fists here despite the pressure of his own world.

It turns out that there is a palace of outer gods supporting us behind our back.

And there is more than one palace of the outer gods...

These palaces of outer gods are like a virus invasion. They are directly connected together. They rise from the ground with an upside-down perspective in the world of heavens.

The forces are like canine teeth intersecting, forming two clearly defined realms of darkness and light.

Now even Sun Rong, who knew a lot of things, was shocked. She knew about the Palace of the Outer Gods, but she never thought that after Wang Ling destroyed an Outer God Palace, there would still be people there. So many palaces of outer gods can be summoned!

Although these palaces are not as majestic and majestic as the first sight, the key point is that they are numerous and have a strong sense of intimidation. More importantly, these palaces of the outer gods gathered together form an obvious confrontation in this world. . Zheng is challenged by Wang Ling.

"This mixed-race race is too scary..." Sun Rong sighed inwardly. She never expected that the Holy Race, as a mixed-race race, could actually utilize the blood of the Old Dominator to such an extent.

Not only can it control the remaining Cosmic Embryo. It can also control the palace of the Outer Gods.

This is just a trump card owned by the Holy Lord. If it were the Holy King behind it, wouldn't it be even more arrogant?

Obviously, these vast swathes of outer god palaces appeared in the world of the heavens. In Wang Ling's view, this was a kind of infiltration. Old Dominator has always been very aggressive. Therefore, when these outer god palaces appeared, he was also there. Think about the other person’s intentions.

Does this mean he wants to infiltrate his heavenly world and then complete its annexation?

Very good idea.

At least in the eyes of Wang Ling. This is absolutely commendable.

But at the same time, Wang Ling also felt sorry for Gui Laoliu's stupidity.

Because it is obvious that at the level of Gui Laoliu, he does not understand what kind of existence this world of heavens is. And why there are so many golden palaces with watchtowers and painted buildings in the world of heavens, forming such a large golden Heavenly. City.

Yes...

Every golden building in Heavenly City symbolizes a civilization that once disappeared in the time of the universe. Although their colors are the same, their styles are completely different. Different civilizations of different races. Now they are all represented like figures. Wang Ling Collect them one by one. Integrate them into your own heavenly world. Come together to form this Heavenly City.

At this time, Wang Ling stared at the palaces of the outer gods summoned by Ghost Lao Liu. He couldn't help but show a rare and contemptuous smile.

Since you gave it to me for free.

Then I will.

Received them all...

He raised his hand. Then slowly closed his fingers...





Chapter 1829 Era Pointer


Wang Ling's slender five fingers are as white as jade. Under the violent spiritual light, they release terrifying spiritual pressure. The surroundings are filled with immortal energy. Holy light shines everywhere. It envelopes this Heavenly City and also envelopes dozens of buildings. The hanging palace of the outer gods...

With the naked eye, you can clearly detect that these pitch-black palaces of outer gods are beginning to transform. They seem to be coated with a layer of gold paint. They transform from pitch-black to gold, gradually assimilating with this Heavenly City.

This annexing force is too strong. The terrifying spiritual pressure vibrates violently, crushing everything.

As the palms of Wang Ling condensed, the speed at which the dark palace of the Outer Gods was being annexed gradually increased.

Gui Laoliu was shocked again. He originally wanted to use these palaces of outer gods to compete with Wang Ling in this world of heavens. However, he did not expect that his behavior would actually give Wang Ling a share. Big gift.

He raised his hand in an instant. The mixed-blood ancient god behind him formed seals with him, resisting desperately, trying to withdraw the palaces of these outer gods.

Once the Palace of the Outer Gods is assimilated again, this world of heavens will receive new expansion and become more powerful than before.

Md...

I couldn't even beat him!

Gui Laoliu couldn't help cursing in his heart. He rarely uttered bad words. As one of the six supreme protectors of the Holy Clan, he never speculated on earth's cultivators with the greatest malice. However, he never thought that earth's cultivators could So strong that he cursed.

But even at this point, he didn't think he had no chance of winning.

Because for the saints who attach great importance to the power of blood, no matter how strong a cultivator on earth is, he still has his own limitations.

Cultivation has its origins in ancient times. Although it was created by human cultivators, the major races in the universe have different bloodlines. Some races with the power of rare bloodlines are often more talented in cultivation than the human cultivators on earth.

Gui Laoliu has seen many scenes since he has been alive for eternity. Although he is the youngest among the six guardians and the youngest in seniority, he is recognized as a genius among the saints. The power of blood in his body is evenly distributed. He is known as The proud son of the Holy Clan with the "golden ratio".

Even during daily practice, he follows the Holy King. During sparring, he has the other five guardians as his sparring partners. It is not an exaggeration to call him the favorite of the group.

In the eyes of the Saint people, Gui Laoliu is the type who gets stronger as he fights. And he is a person who gets stronger when he encounters strength. This time he faced Wang Ling. Even though he faced the endless consequences brought by Wang Ling oppression.

The rest of the Saints who were watching the battle also had no doubt that Gui Laoliu would get a new breakthrough in this battle and move towards a higher level.

At this time, he was trying his best to compete with Wang Ling for the sovereignty of the Palace of the Outer Gods. For no other reason than to fight for a breath!

He summoned it himself. It would be too embarrassing if Wang Ling took it away like this.

Therefore, Gui Laoliu held back all his strength. During the fight with Wang Ling, he even turned red in the face. The mixed-race ancient god behind him was assimilated with his expression. Both of them wore "pain" at this moment. Mask". It looks very artistic.

In contrast, Wang Ling maintained a calm posture from beginning to end. He stood in the void, with his school uniform fluttering in the wind.

The five fingers that slowly closed were stretched open by the pressure exerted by Gui Lao Liu from time to time. Then Wang Ling regained the dominance and closed it. It was like arm wrestling with Gui Lao Liu.

"What is your son doing?" Guo Hao looked at this scene from a distance and frowned.

"What else can I do... Hey, just play." Chen Chao couldn't complain anymore. He clearly felt that Wang Ling still had a lot of room to spare.

But he has not chosen to end the game. The purpose is obvious. It is to "torture" the ghost in front of him.

Looking back now, Chen Chao feels that the original shadow stream was too childish. How can a normal human cultivator on earth be the opponent of this "perverted" in front of him!

It was not easy to find a strong person in the universe. It seemed normal to show off their skills. Moreover, delaying for so long was actually beneficial to their own practice.

"You are worthy of your Majesty. While you are playing, are you still thinking of us?" At this time, Guo Hao suddenly felt a little moved. He said: "Such an opportunity to watch the battle at close range is rare. We may not be able to have it in our lifetime. This kind of experience and watching is beneficial to our own practice! Do you think so? Boss Sun board?"

"Ah... yes! You are right! It is indeed very helpful for our practice!" Sun Rong showed his signature fake smile. Then he held his forehead, with a helpless look on his face.

This is too much imagination. Obviously Dihua's thinking is very serious... Although observing the battles of upper-level cultivators will indeed help the cultivation of lower-level cultivators. But if the immortal king shield is canceled after this, I will not remember anything. . There’s no way to figure it out!

...

Wang Ling stared at Gui Lao Liu, who had exhausted all his strength. They were in a stalemate for about a few minutes. After confirming that Gui Lao Liu had no more energy, he decided to end the game in front of him.

He effortlessly clenched his palms tightly. At that moment, the pitch-black palaces of the outer gods also completed their assimilation and transformation into gold, becoming part of the buildings of all nations in Heavenly City.

When the link to the Palace of the Outer Gods was broken, Gui Laoliu immediately spat out a large mouthful of blood. This backlash of pain directly connected to his nerves, making him feel extremely shaken at the same moment.

"You're kidding me..."

Then he gritted his teeth and stared at Wang Ling.

Even if Wang Ling didn't say anything, Gui Laoliu could still feel that Wang Ling just pretended to be "arm wrestling" with him vigorously. In fact, he was basically teasing him!

He obviously had the strength to end the game quickly, but it was like teasing a monkey, giving him the illusion that he could regain the Palace of the Outer Gods.

"I will never let you go!" Gui Laoliu was so angry that he was shaking all over. After the palace of the outer gods was taken away, he immediately swallowed a bright glass elixir to suppress his injuries. At the same time, he released streams of chaotic energy from his hands.

This is a weird seal. It made Wang Ling frown at the same time. Gui Laoliu moved quickly. The seals explained a strange truth between the changes. There were many kinds that even Wang Ling had never seen before. The great avenues merged together on this strange seal of Gui Laoliu.

Then bang!

Gui Lao Liu and the mixed-blood ancient god behind him clasped their palms together. In an instant, the world turned around. A magical ball of light was summoned from the center of Gui Lao Liu's palm!

Wang Ling stared at the King's Eyes. Through the light curtain of the light ball, he saw this summoning magic weapon wrapped in endless charm.

He was surprised.

Because this is among all the people Wang Ling has met so far.

The only person who has achieved the fifth level of Chaos Sequence!

Level 5: Creation-level Chaos Device...Era Pointer.





Chapter 1830 Creation Level Chaos Device


To be honest, it was the first time even Wang Ling saw someone use a creation-level chaos device during a duel with him.

A chaos device with a sequence level of five. It often means that this chaos device has the power to control important laws.

The Era Pointer is an existence intertwined with the laws of time and bred from chaos. It just made its appearance. The earth-shattering feeling of intimidation has already hit us.

Everything around seems to be covered with the robe of time. It is rapidly showing signs of collapse at a speed visible to the naked eye. It is a kind of aging power controlled by the era pointer.

Therefore, at the moment when he felt the power of the Era Pointer, Wang Ling took action almost simultaneously. He stacked hundreds of millions of layers of immortal king shields on everyone.

He could feel that the Immortal King's Shield was weakening under the power of the Era Pointer.

Yes. This is not because the pointer itself has the power to break the immortal king's shield. It is because the pointer uses its own immortal time law to adjust the effective time of a spell. And once it expires, even the immortal king's shield will be as brittle as a paper shell. .

When the time comes, it won't take any effort at all to get rid of it.

Wang Ling was secretly surprised.

This creation-level chaos device was indeed as difficult as he imagined. In some ways, it was even more difficult than Fenmu Shen, who had inherited the power of the outer god Sotos.

Under such a twist of time as the era hand, almost everything around them is in ruins. If it were not for the blessing of the immortal King's Shield. Number 60 High School, everyone in the Uzumaki Emperor would have become living fossils.

Even the heavens and worlds have been affected by this era pointer. The golden Heavenly City and the walls of the buildings of all races in the universe have begun to show a trend of collapse. Golden powder falls from the walls. Everything is there. Driven by the era pointer, it enters an old state.

The overwhelming twilight air surged in, making Wang Ling also feel a sense of discomfort.

"It worked! Duel! Old Six. That's it! Don't give him any chance!"

In the void. On the far side. The Saints who were watching the battle through another Cosmic Embryo applauded. They clearly noticed that Wang Ling was affected by the era pointer. Their actions and thinking seemed to be much slower than before.

"Hehehe. Tell him to be arrogant again! The aging power of the era pointer is a range attack. The entire world of the heavens will be affected. He thinks he is the god of the world of the heavens. But if he encounters this creation-level chaos weapon, he is afraid that It's also when a scholar meets a soldier."

The saints in the distance sneered: "And he not only has to take care of himself. He also has to take care of the ants below who only have the Foundation Building and Golden Core. The spiritual shields on their bodies have also failed under the power of aging. And he has to consume his own energy. His spiritual power keeps adding new spiritual shields. If this continues, no matter how strong he is, once all his spiritual energy is used up, it will be useless."

They judged the situation and talked loudly. They agreed that Gui Laoliu had the upper hand.

However, Wang Ling's resilience is far beyond their imagination.

Under normal circumstances, a person who has been constantly baptized by the epoch pointer has already become a living fossil. Although this boy from Earth looks like he has been affected, his appearance is still that of that boy...

Gui Laoliu thought it was a bit outrageous.

This has been adjusted backwards for half an era. Wang Ling's face still has that milky look. It has not changed at all!

How long is this person’s lifespan???

Yes.

In less than a few minutes, half an era has passed since the era pointer appeared...

Wang Ling looked at his hands, which were still as white as jade. He always felt that such aging did not have much reaction on his body itself.

He originally wanted to experience what it was like to grow old. But he didn't expect that he wouldn't age at all.

Of course. Something else happened that Wang Ling didn't expect.

That is, after the era pointer adjusted for half an era, the seal Talisman attached to him also fell into a state of complete failure due to the power of "aging"...

Buzz!

In the next breath, the aura on Wang Ling's body was completely released. Huge energy overflowed from his body, making the heavens and the world a blur. It seemed that even the heavens and the earth were disturbed and stopped functioning.

Wang Ling secretly had something bad going on. He had neglected to calculate that he still had the Talisman seal on his body. He never expected that he would be in such a state...with his power completely liberated!

Boom!

When the seal of Talisman completely failed and the power exploded, countless magic rings began to appear on Wang Ling's body. It was like a god descending. The aging power of the era pointer was ineffective against Wang Ling.

Several of the magic rings on his body contained a halo with magic immunity, which made the creation-level chaos device directly useless!

Gui Laoliu's expression changed with shock. He had obviously adjusted to half an era later... He originally thought that the boy would show signs of aging and become weaker than before. But he never expected that Wang Ling's previous battle with him would actually turn out to be... Still holding back. Not using all its strength!

Until this moment, because the seal Talisman expired, all the power in his body finally burst out.

"All liberated..."

Below, many people were stunned. In addition to being stunned, Sun Rong's face also had other emotions added to it.

Fortunately, this is not the earth. There is still room for change. If the blockade were to be directly unblocked on the earth, I am afraid that the entire earth would enter a state of collapse in an instant.

Gui Laoliu thought that Wang Ling would become weaker due to aging. However, he never thought that Wang Ling, with all its power released, was like a demon god. It was just the power of his physical body, which made him unable to resist.

Boom!

Wang Ling rushed over and moved forward fearlessly. Such pressure made Gui Laoliu's entire figure pinned to the spot, unable to move even half a step.

In desperation, he had no choice but to mobilize the power of the law of the era pointer to try to resist the impact of Wang Ling. It gathered into a net to try to block Wang Ling.

However, Wang Ling's dive had no intention of stopping. The law network of the era pointer could not block his attack route. The pointer chirped, which was directly deflected by Wang Ling's head hammer. .

Gui Laoliu couldn't believe what he saw before his eyes.

Creation-level chaos device!

The sequence level has reached the fifth level, the highest level. An existence with the power of law. How could it be knocked astray like this?

At the same time, the Saints who were watching the battle from a distance also saw this scene. They almost cried. They thought that Gui Laoliu could win the game smoothly after using the epoch pointer. But they didn't expect this at all. The teenagers on Earth never grow old at all...the older they get, the stronger they get! Even under the influence of the era pointer, their power is directly liberated!

Boom!

Wang Ling's head hammer finally hit Gui Laoliu's body. Like a cannonball from the sky. Accompanied by a burst of golden light, most of his body had been smashed into pieces by Wang Ling A mass of nothingness. Blood flowed freely.

This kind of impact is too violent...

After all, it is a state of complete liberation of power. Wang Ling is indeed not easy to control.

Fortunately, after the era pointer was damaged by him, the previously adjusted time returned to normal. The sealed Talisman also returned from its expired state.

This made Wang Ling secretly relieved.

In fact, during the impact just now, Wang Ling was also thinking about strategies to restore the sealed Talisman.

This is far more important than killing a ghost.

What if there is really no way to recover.

Gui Laoliu's operation of using the era pointer may directly lead to the destruction of the universe...





Chapter 1831 Wang Ying’s Treaty


was taken down...

Even though the Era Pointer had been sacrificed, the creation-level chaos weapon also suffered a devastating blow from the opponent's headbutt.

He is the sixth protector of the Saint Clan. He is the most talented young generation among the Saint Clan. He has been taught by the Saint King and is the favorite of the Saint Clan. He has never taken extraterrestrial life outside the Saint Clan seriously. What a ghost. Lao Liu never expected that he would be defeated like this.

The severe pain of losing half of his body made it difficult for him to calm down in a short period of time.

He vomited blood. Most of his body was destroyed. This was not completely fatal to his constitution. However, it would take a huge price to fully recover.

Confrontations between masters often do not require excuses. Even though Gui Laoliu was dissatisfied, he also understood that if Wang Ling's headbutt just now had been more accurate... he would have been killed directly, even standing here. None of the qualifications.

The life gate of the saint people is in the upper body. Only when the upper body is completely destroyed does it herald death. Otherwise, every remaining cell has the possibility of recovery.

"Lao Liu actually lost?"

On the other side of the universe, the other saints who were watching the battle all showed incredulous expressions. They had never thought that an earth cultivator could be so powerful.

This era pointer is the treasure that the Holy King keeps at the bottom of the box. It was given directly to Gui Laoliu for self-defense. I thought that using it at this critical moment would definitely reverse the decline and directly win a comprehensive victory.

Unexpectedly, the pointer was set to half a century later. The young man from Earth who would never age before him became even more "brutal" than before.

"How could the sixth brother lose... Is this person really from Earth? Why do I feel so weird?" A woman's voice came from among the remaining five guardians. She is the fourth guardian, and she is also a ghost. The fourth sister in the eyes of the sixth child.

In addition to the Holy King, the person who took the most care of Gui Laoliu was the Fourth Protector. Now seeing Gui Laoliu's tragic defeat, the Fourth Protector, who was controlled by his disciples, became obviously anxious. He even began to question Wang LingIdentity of Earthlings.

This can't be entirely blamed on people's suspicion.

Wang Ling is indeed too powerful. It is beyond the scope of a living being's understanding of a normal earth cultivator. And it has an illusion that refreshes people's worldview.

"Can't you afford to lose?"

At this time, Wang Ying's voice came from inside Wang Ling's body.

The physical work Wang Ling has been completed. The remaining negotiation work is left. It is most appropriate for Wang Ying to take over.

At the same time as the cold voice came out, a jet black outline appeared on Wang Ling's body instantly. Then it turned into a black shadow and formed a figure with the same face as Wang Ling on the side. human form.

Below. The people watching at Number 60 High School were dumbfounded again.

"Is this... a shadow clone?" Guo Hao was confused.

"It's not very similar. The hair color is different. It's white." Chen Chao frowned. Looking at it, he said: "And I always feel that his personality is different from that of Lingzi. I don't know why. It feels very perverted. ..."

Sun Rong Hearing this, I immediately felt that Chinese culture is profound and profound.

Obviously, this pervert has completely different meanings from the pervert who described Wang Ling...

In the void, Wang Ying heard Chen Chao's description. The corner of his mouth just twitched. For the sake of being a classmate of Number 60 High School, he didn't have an attack.

This made Sun Ying'er, who was dormant in Sun Rong's body, immediately burst into laughter: "Hahaha. This big **** didn't expect to be here today!"

Facing Wang Ying's sudden appearance, the saints on the other side of the universe showed a clearly wary look. They could tell that Wang Ying was not weak, and he seemed to have a bad temper. He was less likely to be provoked than Wang Ling.

"We don't know what tricks you have played. The battle just now does not count! If you are capable, fight us again. We will send someone from our side. If you win, this era pointer can be given to you!" A saint tribesman He opened his mouth. It was still the Fourth Protector.

"What do my father-in-law and I want you to do?"

Wang Ying laughed. He waved his hand and snapped his fingers. Immediately, a dusty treasure in King's Pants appeared in front of everyone in the form of a projection.

This is a majestic clock tower. The huge pendulum and clock dial exude an aura of immortality. The entire clock tower makes up for the law of time. It is dozens of times that of the era pointer!

"Era Bell Tower..."

Gui Lao Liu and the people from the Holy Clan were shocked.

They recognized the origin of this chaos device. Unexpectedly, it turned out to be the legendary Era Clock Tower... which is one of the three-piece set of the Law of Time (Era Pointer, Era Clock Dial, and Era Clock Tower).

The era pointer is in their hands. This is the smallest component.

The Era Clock Dial and Era Clock Tower stored in King's Pants have been merged together...

So there are no pointers to them. It really doesn't mean much to Wang Ling.

"Then what do you think..." These saints were at a loss for words. They were completely dumbfounded. They thought they were wealthy enough and used the era pointer as a bet in an attempt to fight again. But they didn't expect that Wang Ling and Wang Ying was even more aggressive here. He directly moved the bell tower.

"Our request is very simple. Let's talk about the additional conditions first. Then let's talk about the main conditions."

"Are there any additional conditions?"

"Haha. Whether you listen or not is your business. If you don't listen..."

Wang Ying laughed. He looked like a ghost. He put a hand on the shoulder of Gui Laoliu who was repairing his injury.

This is a threat, because there is a huge energy in his palm. As long as he exerts a little force, Gui Laoliu will explode immediately. There is no possibility of survival.

"Don't be impulsive! You have something to say!" As the group favorite of the Saints, the Saints from the other side of the universe naturally don't want to see Gui Laoliu die in battle like that.

"There are three additional conditions."

Seeing that negotiations had been formed, Wang Ying said: "First, ask your Holy King to abandon the Tengu. No longer be allowed to intervene in the disputes between cultivators on earth. And release the actual control of the Tengu. Give it to the person we designate. "

"Second. The three royal Eternals you sent earlier. The Skeleton Prince, the Lion-headed Man and Meng Liuli from the Dream Tribe. These three are now our prisoners. And they have agreed to join us. You are not allowed to take them back. go."

"Third, you are not allowed to form alliances with other cosmic forces that are unfavorable to the earth. If we find out about this, your holy family will not be able to gain a foothold in the universe. The destruction of the family is only the lightest thing."

After saying these three additional conditions, the saints on the other side of the universe fell silent for a moment. They dared not speak out in anger.

At this point Wang Ying coughed slightly and put forward the last major condition: "The last major condition is also very simple. You have lost this battle after all, so you need to compensate for some mental damage."

The Saints gritted their teeth. The great protector with a rough voice said, "Tell me. How much do you want? Or how many spiritual stones."

"Very cheap."

At this time, Wang Ying spoke and said with a smile: "One Cosmic Embryo is enough."





Chapter 1832 The secret person behind the scenes


For the Saints, this undoubtedly heralds a huge shame. The Saints have never made compromises with other civilizations since their establishment.

As an ancient civilization that has survived many baptisms throughout the ages, their faces were all stiff and bitter. They felt extremely difficult. Do they really want to surrender?

At the same time, for them who are familiar with earth civilization, this behavior seems to be similar to the "daily breast milk method" that is hotly discussed on the Internet. There is actually no essential difference between signing a treaty and raising a white flag to surrender.

Wang Ying smiled: "The abortion is of little use to you, right? It's just a telescope and a microphone. It has no real value in your hands. It's better to trade the life of Mr. Six."

He said encouragingly.

Several saint protectors heard this and looked at each other in shock.

What Wang Ying said is actually not wrong at all. In their hands, Cosmic Embryo is indeed a bit of a waste of money. If it weren't for the power of the Old Dominator's bloodline, I'm afraid it wouldn't even be able to use its most basic functions.

However, they are very clear about the value of Cosmic Embryo. Even if they have not been able to exert important value now, having Cosmic Embryo in hand is a strategic reserve.

So they were very confused.

These additional conditions are easy to negotiate. But as the main condition, Cosmic Embryo. It is really difficult for them to decide whether to exchange or not.

The key is that as protectors, they themselves have no right to make a choice. Everything depends on the Holy King's wishes.

"We can accept the previous additional conditions. But we can't decide on this matter. We need to seek the opinion of His Highness the Holy King..." Finally, the Great Protector with a rough voice spoke.

"Okay." Wang Ying nodded and said, "People. I can also return it to you first. But this little brother has been hit by a law bomb called [Emperor Killer]. If the final deal is not reached. Then people, we have to take them away too."

Emperor Killer...

The Saints were shocked. They did not expect Wang Ling and Wang Ying to have the means to deploy law bombs.

And they actually promised to return the person first?

The Fourth Protector immediately sneered when he heard this. He said from the other side of the universe: "They are too confident. They just returned the sixth brother like this. Then we can just study bomb defusal and be done with it?"

"No...since they dare to hand people over to us first, they must have the confidence to bet that there is nothing we can do with this bomb."

"Haha. I think they are blindly confident. Let's combine the power of five people, plus His Highness the Holy King! Can't solve a law bomb? If it doesn't work, we can help the sixth brother reshape his body. As long as people can come back, help the sixth brother out of trouble. There are many ways."

After several discussions, Wang Ying finally received a positive reply from several saint guardians.

It was the Great Protector who transmitted the message through Cosmic Embryo and said: "How about setting the deadline at five days. We will definitely give you an accurate answer within five days."

Wang Ying heard this and just smiled: "Okay. Then we will wait for you for five days. But there are additional conditions. You must do it first. Regarding this, you can make the decision, right?"

"Of course." The Great Protector affirmed: "In fact, we have almost completed our research on modern human cultivators. We have no intention of continuing to lurk."

Wang Ying haha. He just listened to this.

Then, he released his hand on Gui Lao Liu's shoulder. Wang Ling instantly opened King's Eyes. Using his pupil power, he sent Gui Lao Liu out of the world of the heavens.

A period of five days.

Use Cosmic Embryo in exchange for the life of the Sixth Guardian.

Wang Ling and Wang Ying naturally know that. The other party will definitely try to defuse this law bomb related to [Emperor Killer]. But the reason why the law bomb can be called a law bomb must have its fundamental reason.

This is an unsolvable bomb. It will follow the soul. No matter it is transferring the body or reshaping the soul, it is useless. As long as the caster does not remove it, any other method will be useless.

...

At the same time, on the other side, Wang Ling began to clean up the mess in front of them. He led everyone out of the world of the heavens. At the same time, he also lifted the "immortal shield" on everyone.

Chen Chao, Guo Hao and everyone seemed to be waking up from a dream. Everything seemed like they were just stunned.

When they returned to the car, Chen Chao sat in the back seat with his arms folded and whispered to Guo Hao. He could hear Wang Ling sweating on his forehead.

"Guo. Do you feel like you have forgotten something?" Chen Chao said with a frown.

"Normal." Guo Hao answered in a very Buddhist way: "Sometimes, I feel the same way. It's like my mind suddenly goes blank and I lose a small memory. For example, what I wanted to do, and then suddenly I can't think of anything. I got up. I froze in place. It took me a while to come back to my senses... This is a sign of anxiety. But when you just said that, I really feel like I can't remember some things."

"That's what you said. I think so too! I feel like something very important is missing from my memory!" At this time, Li Youyue also raised her hand.

And as Li Youyue spoke, even the people in the Whirlpool Emperor nodded.

Chen Chao laughed: "That's what I said. It can't be such a coincidence, right? Collective amnesia? I'm afraid we collectively saw something we shouldn't have seen. Someone erased our memory."

Wang Ling: "..."

Sun Rong: "..."

Fang Xing: "..."

...

On the early morning of Monday, January 5th, the previous criminal charges against Sun Rong for "hired murder" were withdrawn by the prosecutor's office. This kind of Red Orchid Society, headed by Levis, located in Glio City, Mrs. Raven, Mai Between the four major forces of Koasi and the Heavenly Dao Alliance, the initial concentrated fire operation was aimed at the Huaguo Shui Lian Group and the Office of Strategic Deception.

It ended with the four major forces tearing each other apart and beating each other to the point of breaking out.

The Heavenly Dao Alliance acted as a mediating force, but ended up being instigated by the false pope played by Levis. Such a dispute was something that no one expected.

Before everyone at Number 60 High School left Glio City, Mrs. Raven transferred the control of Walwolf Supermarket to Sun Rong as promised: "Although the recording this time was not smooth, I am still a loyal person. People who promise."

Sun Rong received various transfer materials from Volwolf. At the same time, he frowned deeply as he looked at these materials: "Mrs. Raven, there is something I want to ask you..."

"Miss Sun, please speak." Mrs. Raven was still sitting upright, with an elegant posture. There was no sign of being involved in power disputes or being beaten.

"This chaos. Everything must be within Mrs. Raven's plan."

At this time, Sun Rong suddenly asked: "If my reasoning is correct, you do not belong to the church. You are from Lord Yuan Zun's side."





Chapter 1833 Gray Cult branch in Glio City is established


Perhaps it is due to the sensitive thinking of entrepreneurial successors. After comprehensive analysis, Sun Rong finally came up with this answer that sounded unexpected but seemed completely reasonable.

This was a conversation between her and Raven. There was no outsider in this room. After seeing Mrs. Raven silently take a cigar from her pocket and light it, Sun Rong began her further reasoning: "This The recording of a variety show has caused a big mess. It will definitely not be broadcast. Madam, you have suffered a loss. But you are still willing to transfer control of Walwolf to me as promised. This is unreasonable."

"You think it's unreasonable?"

Lady Raven said: "The entire city of Glio is filled with my properties. I'm just fulfilling my promise. No need to make a fuss."

"I just thought it was sudden."

"You think it's sudden?" Mrs. Raven smiled meaningfully: "I don't think it's sudden. It's just like Mr. Huang who suddenly paid the fake county magistrate to suppress the bandits in Goose City. Everything was planned. It's just a matter of course. In the end, both Miss Sun and I gained our own benefits."

"It seems that Mrs. Raven has admitted that she is Mr. Yuan Zun's person?" Sun Rong asked politely.

"Yes. Or no. Does it still matter to Miss Sun Rong now?"

Mrs. Raven paused and said: "The cause of all things is indeed due to Master Yuanzun's consideration of the checks and balances of all parties, which led to such a result. It's just that neither Master Yuanzun nor I expected that this would happen." During the recording of the variety show, they started fighting. This way, Mr. Yuan Zun would have a reason to cause trouble for them and weaken their foundation."

"This is what Madam said. Benefits?"

"Yes." Raven nodded honestly and said, "Wollang's loss is not a loss to me at all. Because I can get better projects from Lord Yuanzun. Of course. Wollang will The control rights are transferred to you. In fact, this is what Mr. Yuan Zun meant. You are absolutely right. As an entrepreneur, it is impossible to give away your money in vain when you have already lost it."

"Is there any condition?" asked Sun Rong.

"It's a very simple condition." Mrs. Raven said this and took out an exquisite notebook from her arms. It was wrapped in pure gold.

When it was handed over to Sun Rong, Sun Rong clearly felt a heavy feeling.

At this time, Mrs. Raven slowly spoke: "I heard that you know the leader of Gray Cult?"

"Clam?"

Sun Rong was obviously stunned.

"Master Yuan Zun said. This is a literary organization. And the president of this organization is the person you studied at Number 60 High School. You should know this person, right? As far as I know, he is a greasy and passionate man with hands and eyes. "

"..."

Sun Rong was shocked.

She suspected that the person Mrs. Raven was talking about was a combination of Chen Chao and Guo Hao!

Of course. What shocked her even more was that she didn't expect Gray Cult's influence to be so great that even the Head of State of the Cultivation Country knew about it...

"eh...I know..." After thinking for a moment, Sun Rong nodded and said.

"This is the notebook of Mr. Yuan Zun's grandson. He has been very interested in literature recently and hopes to join the Gray Cult. If possible, I hope you can help get the Gray Cult leader to sign his name on the title page of the notebook."

Sun Rong frowned. She was very careful. She thought over and over whether there was any other purpose or trap here.

However, this cautious expression made Mrs. Raven laugh again: "Look at you. It doesn't matter if you are cautious. Whether you get this signature or not, it doesn't prevent Lord Yuanzun from ordering me to give up Vollang. It's your decision. If you have any concerns, just return this notebook to me."

As soon as these words came out of his mouth, Sun Rong suddenly felt that his rank was lower after all. Compared with these experienced female entrepreneurs abroad, she was indeed a little too inexperienced.

This is obviously a way to retreat in order to advance.

It makes Sun Rong lose face. I have to agree.

After all, Sun Rong has always prided itself on being generous. It would be a bit too magnanimous to refuse like this.

She was cautious because she was worried that Gray Cult's existence would be used by people with ulterior motives. A cultivator's Head of State suddenly targeted such a literary organization. From Sun Rong's perspective, it was not a good thing.

Sun Rong even suspected that there might be some problems with this notebook. She did not dare to check it directly in front of Mrs. Raven. So she thought about it again and again, and then said smoothly: "It can be signed. But the president has not gone abroad. So I am afraid. I will send it to you, madam, after I return to China."

Hearing this, Mrs. Raven nodded hurriedly: "That's good. Let's leave it like that. Your case has been dismissed. The restraining order has also been cancelled. Returning to China is no longer a problem."

"Well. Then after I return to China, I will sign it and send it to Madam immediately."

Sun Rong said like this, pretending to be a snake. In fact, he already had a countermeasure in mind.

What is the intention behind asking for the Gray Cult leader's signature? Sun Rong It is not clear yet.

But has the notebook been tampered with in any other way? With her current state, she can still test it after she returns. If it doesn't work... there is Wang Ling here. She can tell Wang Ling about this. }. Let Wang Ling use his own eyesight to see what is fishy here.

...

At noon, everyone at Number 60 High School set out on their journey. Before leaving, the representatives of the first-year high school students from Uzumaki Number 1 High School in Glio City were represented. They were the six prodigies who participated in the variety show challenge with Number 60 High School this time. Captain Su Kewei led the other five magical powers to officially join the Gray Cult and announced the establishment of the Gray Cult branch in Glio City.

This is the second cultivation country to have a Gray Cult branch after Sun Island...

And just like the Jiudaohe High School in Sun Island, the Uzumaki Imperial High School located in Glio City is also a famous high school in this cultivation country! It has consistently ranked first in the national cultivation college rankings all year round!

Nowadays, these two ace high schools are leaving the shadow of Number 60 High School, which makes Wang Ling, Sun Rong very emotional...

When Sun Rong established Gray Cult, Wang Ling didn't care much about it.

He just thought it would be nice to have Gray Cult cover for him.

Who knows that this Gray Cult can be managed by Sun Rong in such a spectacular way...

Wang Ling was so shocked that he was speechless.

These are the times when we need cultural export. In the era of cultural invasion from major cultivating countries, it is really a matter of great pride to carry forward local cultivating culture abroad.

At first, this "grain of ashes in the era" seemed very light and weightless. But it was unintentionally inserted into the willow tree and became a heavy seed in the export of foreign culture...

Wang LingNow I am a little curious. How far will Gray Cult develop in the end?





Chapter 1834 Gray Cult’s first commission


The turmoil in Glio City gradually subsided. With the help of Raven as a chess piece, the Master Yuan Zun of Mixiu Country achieved his original goal. He gave a decisive blow to Maikeasi, Heavenly Dao Alliance, Tengu and other small forces. . Reshuffle and check and balance the major forces.

After this incident, Tengu still seemed to be under the jurisdiction of the church. But now the actual Pope is Levis. And Levis has now become the Office of Strategic Deception.

As a result, Tengu has developed into an intelligence network under the Office of Strategic Deception. However, the internal structure of Tengu is still very chaotic. Although those who can become Tengu are all elites, Lord Diu Lei believes that stricter standards must be set. In the end, At least morally you have to pass the test first.

We must not let some people wear the guise of Tengu and do whatever they want in the name of selling information. Therefore, Lord Diu Lei is thinking about a strict reset structure and a reshuffle plan specifically for Tengu these days.

On the other side, Jiugong Liangzi also followed Qin Zhong and Xiang Yi back to the Huaxiu Kingdom. This time they also helped a lot in performing tasks in Glio City. At the same time, they also used the power of the Jiugong family to deal with the major black and white gangsters. . In the end, Sun Rong was completely clarified in a very short period of time.

And the most important thing is. Jiugong Liangzi+Xiang Yi+Qin Zhong. This wonderful combination has not been fully understood by the mixed public opinion forces in Glio City.

They are like a small knife hidden deep in a big cotton coat. They are dormant and waiting for a fatal blow at any time.

Sun Rong has never liked to owe favors to others. But this time she knew that she owed the favor to Dafa.

Looking back, I have to find a chance to thank Jiugong Liangzi.

...

Tuesday, January 6th. Number 60 High SchoolWang Ling and others studied in the morning the next day after returning to China. The class was much livelier than usual. Many students from foreign classes came to join in the fun. AskWang Ling and others participated in a variety show.

Most people don't know the truth. They just know that Sun Rong brought a group of people to participate in Mixiu Country's variety show to bring glory to the school. But there are different opinions in the class about what specific projects they participated in. Everyone has their own opinions.

So many people came to the class early in the morning to directly seek confirmation from Sun Rong.

"Classmate Sun Rong. What type of variety show are you participating in? Running around tearing off name tags? Or are you traveling with another group of high school students and having a fight on the way?"

"..."

"Eh? Look at this reaction. It shouldn't be the ones mentioned above. Could it be that a group of people went to the wilderness to open up wasteland and use local materials to create homes or something?"

"No...it's not..." the questions came one after another. Sun Rong was a little confused.

"Isn't that right? You must be participating in some talent show!" Someone suddenly exclaimed: "A while ago, there was a talent show to vote for brothers and sisters. Print the QR code on the breast milk box. Above. In order to support the people they like, some people just scan the voting QR code and don’t drink milk. They pour out all the milk! What a shameful waste!"

"Such behavior is naturally wrong. But the variety show we participated in is similar to a secret room...it has nothing to do with it." Sun Rong had no choice but to explain: "And because there was a problem with the recording process, this variety show It probably won't be broadcast anymore."

At this time, after hearing the truth, a group of students in their 60s who came to Number 60 High School to eat melon sighed.

"Oh. What a pity."

Jiang Bai from Class 2 said: "Fang Xing and Li Youyue from our class were also there. I heard about some things. It is said that the one who is playing against our Number 60 High School this time is Mixiu Country, which ranks among the top universities in the rankings. The number one high school! Uzumaki Imperial High School!"

"Oh! It's them! I've heard of this school. What are the six new prodigies that Uzumaki Emperor High School has picked up this year? They are already Golden Core in the first year of high school. Just like the teacher! The strength is terrifying!"

"Yeah. The key is that they don't use much training resources. I heard that they get up purely through hard training and hard talent. This is the tradition of the Uzumaki Emperor in Glio City. Fully closed pressure training. Breaking through the limits every day. day."

"So there are many people who can't hold on and drop out of school. But those who can stay are the best among the best."

A classmate with knowledge of the matter said gushingly: "They relied on this extreme practice method until the third year of high school. Only the students who survive to the end will be able to concentrate resources to help them pass the test again. This training method has been Many people were overwhelmed and dropped out of school. Therefore, the concentration of resources was relatively large. Students at the upper level who persisted until the end could get more cultivation resources."

"Doesn't that mean that when they reach the third year of high school, they will defy heaven?"

"Well, it is said that in the Uzumaki Emperor, in previous years, people almost entered the Nascent Soul stage directly in high school. According to their life-threatening training method, they will be at least in the late Golden Core stage by the third year of high school."

"The late stage of Golden Core...that's the level that many people can reach when they go to a ten-year cultivation university. At least they are in their fourth or fifth year!"

"So whether it is in Glio City or other provinces and cities in Mixiu Country, the Uzumaki Emperor's combat power level is the first! If we can compete with them, it will actually be quite helpful for us to study the opponents of other cultivation countries. "

"Don't worry, everyone. The future is long. There is always a chance."

At this time Chen Chao suddenly said.

It is also a pity for Chen Chao that the recording of this variety show challenge was stopped suddenly. The old Chen family always hopes to compete with the strong. The stronger the opponent, the easier it is to unleash their potential.

Chen Chao knows that the few people in the Uzumaki Emperor are not weak. But if they from Number 60 High School join forces, Chen Chao feels that there may not be any chance of winning.

You may not be able to defeat them alone. But when it comes to teamwork, Number 60 High School has gone through many ups and downs. Their tacit understanding is not weaker than that of any other high school.

...

In fact, when Chen Chao said the words "the days are long", Wang Ling already had a premonition that the day when he could meet the Uzumaki Emperor might not be too far away...

During lunch break that day, Wang Ling saw Sun Rong writing the afternoon class schedule on the blackboard. At the same time, he kept scanning his eyes.

Wang Ling Judgment. Sun Rong probably has something to say to himself.

He lowered his head and looked at the textbook, pretending that nothing happened. Sure enough, Sun Rong came over to him after finishing writing on the blackboard.

Or was it because of Mrs. Raven's request for her signature?

Sun Rong had checked the notebook with pure gold edges several times and found no problems. So he thought about giving it to Wang Ling to have a look.

"Wang Ling. Can you check it for me?" She looked at the boy with a smile. She was about to reach out and take out the notebook from the storage bag in her arms. However, a group of boys lurking in the corridor suddenly swarmed over.

"What! Which bold mascot wants to check up on classmate Sun Rong!"

"Damn it! It turned out to be a physical examination! How can it be repaired?"

This group of boys was so excited that they rushed forward. The original quiet classroom immediately became chaotic.

Everyone rushed in and Wang Ling was also shocked.

In desperation, Wang Ling had no choice but to sigh inwardly. He snapped his fingers and paused time temporarily. Then he gently put his hand on Sun Rong's shoulder and moved to the student union office. . Then he snapped his fingers again to release the pause.

Sun Rong blushed: "Sorry Wang Ling... I didn't expect so many people to be eavesdropping. I think it would be safer to come to the student union office next time."

As she said that, she handed the notebook to Wang Ling.

Wang Ling only glanced at it and returned the things.

"Eh? Is it okay?" Sun Rong asked.

"No." Wang Ling replied. Cherish words like gold.

Sun Rong nodded. He let out a long sigh of relief and said, "That's good...it seems like I'm overthinking..."

As soon as he finished speaking, at the door of the student union office, a girl from another class suddenly stumbled in and threw herself on the ground. Her face was red and she was looking for her glasses on the ground. She apologized: "Hug... I'm sorry... .Sun Rong President. I didn’t hear anything! I didn’t hear you talking about missing your classmates at all!"

"What I just said is that I think too much. It's not that I miss my classmate Wang..." Sun Rong held his forehead. He felt that his face was so hot that it could be roasted.

"Oh. That's it. Then it's okay."

The girl found her glasses. Then she quickly put them on and got up from the ground.

Sun Rong looked at the girl's face and finally asked: "I remember you are in Class 1 of the ordinary class. Classmate Chenqin?"

"Yes! It's me!" The girl with glasses said excitedly: "As expected of the president of Sun Rong. He has very strong business skills! I heard that the student union office can accept entrustments. Is it true?"

"Delegation?" Sun Rong and Wang Ling blinked simultaneously.

"That's right. I heard that there is a Gray Cult... that can help people solve their problems."

"..."

Sun Rong is speechless.

She knew very well that this thing about helping people solve their troubles originally meant that Gray Cult could help its members and classmates who had letters of recommendation from their members solve the problem of endorsement difficulties.

After all, Gray Cult is essentially just a literary organization.

What Sun Rong never expected was that things would actually reach this point...

I was just about to prepare my words to refuse. But the girl named Chen Qin showed an expectant expression and grabbed Sun Rong's hand: "President! Can you hear me finish my story? Just A moment! I heard that you can directly find Master Gray Cult... Master Gray Cult is a very emotional person. Maybe he can help me solve my troubles! Of course. Even if you don't accept my commission, it doesn't matter!"

"But..."

"I'm not a person who likes prostitution for free. When I ask for help shamelessly, I naturally have to show some expression. I understand this!" The girl named Chen Qin said: "Our school's canteen is actually outsourced to my father. If Chairman Sun Rong agrees to help me convey the message, whether you accept it or not, Chairman Sun Rong can choose whatever he wants in the canteen this year! Of course. If Chairman Sun doesn’t like this privilege, that’s fine too. Pass it on to someone else!"

"So, are there any new snacks in the school canteen this year?" Sun Rong asked.

"There are no new ones. But there are snacks with new flavors. Potato chips, potato sticks, crispy noodles and so on. Various flavors." Chen Qin said.

"..."

Sun Rong Hearing this, he took a deep breath. He stepped forward and held Chen Qin's hand: "You have an easier road, sister!"

Chenqin: "Ah?"

Sun Rong: "I mean... now you can speak out about your dreams!"





Chapter 1835 Weird Twins


Chen Qin knew that he had nothing that could be used as a benefit. The student party was still very poor. In addition, the target was the eldest lady of the Huaguo Shui Lian Group. No matter how much money he took, I'm afraid the other party would not look down on him. ?

So before coming to the student union, she specifically asked the opinions of several other classmates. In the end, she came to the conclusion that she could use the privileges of the canteen to seduce with snacks... When Chen Chao told Chen Qin about this, she I still find it incredible. How could a dignified lady from the Huaguo Shui Lian Group be interested in those snacks in the canteen?

Unexpectedly. The effect is outstanding.

The first step was finally accomplished. Because her request was very strange. The key was whether she could successfully convey it to the leader of Gray Cult to help her with this favor.

While thinking about it, Chenqin took out his mobile phone. He opened the photo album and looked at the screenshots inside.

It was a screenshot of a short video. In the video was a girl who also wore glasses and had a long ponytail. Sun Rong distinguished it carefully. Then compared it with Chen Qin's appearance. Finally, he showed a suspicious look: " This should...not be you, right?"

Chen Qin became excited: "Yes! But do you think we look a lot like me?"

Sun Rong nodded: "They are indeed very similar! They are almost twins!"

Chen Qin: "I suddenly discovered this on a short video platform a week ago. I felt very surprised at the time. I didn't expect that there are people who look exactly like me in this world..."

Sun Rong nodded. He immediately understood what Chen Qin meant: "So you want to find her?"

Chen Qin: "I asked my parents if they had any younger sisters besides me. But they scolded me... They said I was an only child."

Sun Rong sighed: "After all, the probability of meeting someone who looks almost exactly like me through short videos and who is a long-lost biological sister is really very low."

"But I still want to find her..."

Chen Qin said reluctantly: "On the one hand, I want to satisfy my curiosity. On the other hand... I really have a feeling. I think this girl may have something to do with me."

"Well. It seems that she is about the same age as you. So you think the other person may also be a student. So you want to use Gray Cult's influence among major schools to find this person, right?" At this point. Sun Rong suddenly understood everything. But there was one more thing that made Sun Rong not think through. She felt that Chen Qin did not tell all the reasons.

"Classmate Chenqin, if you sincerely want me to go to Master Gray Cult to help with this, it's best to tell the whole story without reservation."

Sun Rong said: "I always feel like you are hiding something."

These words caused Chen Qin to fall into silence for a while.

After the scene was silent for a while, she hesitantly opened a short video software and entered the search box according to the name on the screenshot just now.

This scene was seen by Sun Rong and Wang Ling at the same time.

When Chenqin pressed the OK button, something strange happened.

The short video software immediately popped up a system prompt of "No such person found".

"Did you change your name?" Wang Ling asked.

"If you just change the name, the user's UID will not change." Chen Qin immediately replied: "But I entered the UID... and I can't find her."

"Does that mean you've logged out?"Sun Rong was also confused.

"I don't think she will log out. I have been observing her for several days. The main video she posts on short videos is mukbang. And it is very regular. Every night around 6 o'clock, she posts a video of herself eating delicious food. No It’s a waste. There’s no harmful content. It’s definitely not the platform that deleted her.”

The more Chen Qin talked, the more serious her expression became: "Just the day before I couldn't find her account, she said she would see her at six o'clock tomorrow night. Although there are not many fans who follow her, she is a good person. What do you think? Are you going to say it’s gone and it’s gone?”

The whole thing does give off a very weird feeling.

After listening, Wang Ling and Sun Rong looked at each other for a while.

Then Sun Rong nodded seriously. Looking at Chenqin: "So, student Chenqin, I understand your request. I will try to respond to the leader of Gray Cult. If there is any new situation in the future, I will find it in time. You follow up."

"Well! Thank you so much! No matter what happens in the end, I will pay the agreed commission fee!" Chen Qin said.

The commission fee and so on are not a big problem.

The main reason is that there is something very wrong about the incident itself.

Not just Sun Rong. Even Wang Ling was aroused with a trace of curiosity. He noticed that something was wrong here.

If it is what Chen Qin said, it is indeed a bit strange for such a living person to suddenly cancel his account. In addition, this person may have some kind of connection with Chen Qin. It is normal for Chen Qin to have concerns. It's like watching another self in the same world suddenly disappear...perhaps out of an instinctive reaction. A kind of worry will naturally arise.

But then again. This is the first time that Sun Rong has taken the initiative to entrust a real incident from the student party. Even Sun Rong himself is not sure how things will develop in the end.

For now, I just have to do my best.

The Gray Cult branch of Jiudaohe High School soon received a joint investigation invitation from Sun Rong. Jisaki, the head of the Jiudaohe Gray Cult branch, has an IT elite like Ma Jiao around him, which greatly promotes the investigation.

Sun Rong's idea is very clear. She plans to let Ma Jiao start with the short video software to see what's going on.

In less than ten minutes, news came from Ma Jiao.

The result surprised Sun Rong.

Because according to Ma Jiao's investigation, the short video software has been invaded by hackers before, and the other party's goal is very clear. It is to directly delete the account of the girl who looks very similar to Chen Qin.

This is a deliberate act. But if ordinary people encounter this situation, there is nothing they can do. It can only be understood as an official account ban. But in fact, this has nothing to do with the official account.

"Invading a short video software just to delete a little girl's account?" Sun Rong frowned after receiving the news. He felt that things were far from being as simple as they seemed.

Now I want to find out the truth of the matter. The only way is to find the location of the girl. But because the account information has been deleted, there is no way to find out.

The only breakthrough was the unknown hacker who hacked into the short video software.

However, it is impossible to investigate this person with the means currently available to Ma Jiao.

"Can I entrust Brother Wang Ming?" At this time, Sun Rong looked at Wang Ling.

"Yeah." Wang Ling nodded. He and Sun Rong thought of going together.





Chapter 1836 Wang Ling’s warm-heartedness


This is the first time Wang Ling has encountered this kind of trust between students. In the past, he would always avoid it because he felt that it would cause trouble for himself. And to a certain extent, it would risk exposing his true strength.

But now. Wang Ling really feels like he has changed. Maybe it’s because he has experienced too many earth-shattering and shocking events. But when he encounters such a small commission, he has a sense of calmness that outweighs the big one.

As for revealing his strength... Anyway, Sun Rong now knows his situation and will also provide him with cover. It seems that he doesn't need to worry too much.

Of course. A very important aspect is that Wang Ling discovered that he is not a cold-blooded person.

When wearing the Talisman Seal, his mood never fluctuated much. When he was in elementary school and junior high school, he was often insulted by people and said he was a cold-blooded animal. However, everything seemed to be different in high school.

He found that he seemed to be quite nosy sometimes.

Accepting this commission together with Sun Rong. Wang Ling knows very clearly that this is not because of the commission fee promised by the other party...

Does he seem like a person who can't walk when he hears "Jianmian"?

Although Wang Ling didn't know why he had such a warm-hearted change, Wang Ling was in a very good mood.

Because this may be the closest he gets to being a normal person.

In the afternoon, Mr. Wang Zukang gave a history class. The issue of conversion between spiritual stones and immortal gold was specifically mentioned.

Mr. Wang Zukang held the tip of the chalk and wrote a long list of conversion formulas on the blackboard. Everyone was buzzing with laughter. This was supposed to be the work of the Teacher Pan in the Talisman class. In the end, Mr. Wang Zukang didn't want to give it to him. Robbed.

On the other hand, Mr. Wang Zukang’s cultivation knowledge is indeed very extensive. In Wang Ling’s view, Mr. Wang Zukang is not only capable of teaching history courses, but can also teach other courses. He is a serious person. Tiger balm.

"The above formula was something I saw when I was in High School. It's not a test center now. But if you are interested, you can memorize it."

After finishing writing, Mr. Wang Zukang habitually wiped his hands stained with chalk dust with the rag on the table. Then he continued: "There are two ways to extract spiritual stones. One is to collect spiritual minerals and process them with machines. The other is to collect spiritual stones and process them with machines. It is created by artificially extracting spiritual energy from nature and inputting it into a machine to create spiritual stones. The created spiritual stones can then be combined with some other materials and transformed into more valuable immortal gold."

"The former is more efficient. But the spiritual minerals in nature are often limited. If over-exploited, sooner or later there will be no minerals available. As for the manual input of machine to create spiritual stones, although it is inexhaustible, the efficiency is very low. Another On the one hand, if you engage in this kind of work for a long time, it may have a certain impact on the foundation of spiritual practice. It may even damage your spiritual roots."

Wang Ling has actually heard these words from Lord Diu Lei before.

Previously, when the Tengu were still under the control of the Holy Clan, the Holy Clan also planned to let the Tengu launch a spirit stone trade war against the Huaguo Shui Lian Group. As a result, before it could be implemented, the Tengu was annexed by the Office of Strategic Deception.

At that time, Tengu planned to short the spirit stone market, causing the Huaguo Shui Lian Group and the Office of Strategic Deception to suffer losses for no reason. And Wang Ling himself was also prepared to save the market.

It's just an artificially created spiritual stone. With its output power... it can continue to output for a day. He may directly become the richest man in the world.

At this time, the class was talking about the issue of artificially inputting spiritual power to create spiritual stones that may harm the body.

Regarding this point, Wang Ling is not worried at all. Although his output power is large, it will not have an impact on the body.

There will be no problem if you input spiritual power normally and convert it into spiritual stones. As long as you are not working continuously or working tiredly, there will be no impact. I am afraid that some unscrupulous factories will continue to squeeze the labor force in order to make money.

"Isn't there any prohibition in that country?" Someone raised his hand and asked curiously.

"There are clear regulations on working hours for those engaged in artificial spiritual stone creation. All cultivators who are employed to input spiritual power into the machine. The daily working hours must not exceed 5 hours. Once the 5 hours are up, the shift must be changed."

Mr. Wang Zukang said: "This is a mandatory requirement for all regular Lingshi processing plants. If this standard is not implemented, once discovered by the regulatory authorities, the relevant companies and processing plants will be fined up to thirty times."

"Teacher, you said it's formal. Are there any irregular ones?" At this time, Chen Chao asked.

"The market is so big. It is inevitable that a few fish will slip through the net. After all, as the saying goes...the most profitable projects are in the {Cultivation Criminal Law}. People, for the sake of profit, sometimes take risks. Doing some business even though you know it is against the rules, you still have to do it. In recent years, all parties have severely cracked down on illegal factories. It is also very effective."

When Mr. Wang Zukang said this, he couldn't help but sigh: "Speaking of which, a few days ago I saw a satirical cartoon drawn by a famous CG cartoonist on the Internet. It was specifically aimed at those black-hearted factories..."

"Wuhe Pixiu?"

"Yeah. That's him!"

Mr. Wang Zukang nodded: "But it didn't take long. This CG comic was harmonized. I don't know if it touched some people's pain points."

"Then what did Teacher Wuhepixiu draw?"

"This is a short comic. It tells the story of a black-hearted factory owner who uses technological means to create a large number of clone cultivators to continuously produce spiritual stones for himself."

Mr. Wang Zukang said with a look of reminiscence on his face: "Those poor clone cultivators have overstretched their bodies due to constant oppression. At that time, they will be abandoned by the black-hearted boss without hesitation. Their bodies will be decomposed and rebuilt. Became a new clone. Then he continued to work for the black boss. A cycle was formed."

After the story was told, everyone in the class shuddered in unison.

There is no doubt that... this is a short comic with a hint of horror, horror and suspense. Just listening to it gives you a chilling feeling.

"As expected of Teacher Wuhe Pixiu!"

In the class, someone praised me.

On weekdays, everyone goes to school. When they get home, they are almost faced with homework. Weekends are okay. If it is a normal working day, almost no one will pay too much attention to what is happening on the Internet.

If it is deleted after being posted, it will not attract anyone’s attention.

Everyone in the class got into talking because of Mr. Wang Zukang’s few words.

But the faces of Wang Ling and Sun Rong became obviously gloomy.

I always have a wonderful feeling about Mr. Wang Zukang. Wang Ling.

Every time, he felt that Mr. Wang Zukang was deliberately implying something in class. But he also felt that it was just some kind of wonderful coincidence.

clone...

There is also the short video blogger who looks exactly like Chen Qin and disappears out of thin air.

Wang Ling has an intuition that there may be some kind of connection between the two.





Chapter 1837 Joint investigation with Wang Ling


It is still a cultivation training hall.

Sun Rong immediately put on the nine-tailed fox mask after school that day. He changed into Hanfu and rushed here.

She made an appointment with Jiang Yingying to train here.

The entire training lasted about an hour. After an hour, she had to rush to meet with Wang Ling, Chen Qin.

Originally Sun Rong wanted to shirk it.

But because of her trip abroad a few days ago, she had already given up on Jiang Yingying several times. If she didn't come today, she was worried that it would arouse Jiang Yingying's suspicion.

"Beautiful sister!" Jiang Yingying was not idle either. She rushed to the training hall ahead of Sun Rong. About ten minutes earlier. Then she didn't waste a minute. She directly followed Professor Sun Rong The content begins with training on wielding a great sword.

When Sun Rong arrived, Jiang Yingying greeted her with a smile on her face. There seemed to be traces of sweat dripping down her cheeks.

"Well! You worked hard! Then let's train quickly." Sun Rong said.

"good!"

After practicing for about ten minutes, Jiang Yingying suddenly asked out of nowhere: "Did something happen to the beautiful lady? I feel like she's a little absent-minded today?"

"Sorry. It's a bit."

Sun Rong admitted it simply.

Even an apprentice can tell that the master is absent-minded. And even when she is wearing a mask... Such distraction is a bit too obvious.

The reason for her absence is simple.

Maybe it's because of Chen Qin's incident. But more importantly, it's because of Wang Ling's incident.

She actually didn't expect that Wang Ling would be willing to directly intervene in this matter. Participate in the first Gray Cult commission mission with her.

I thought Wang Ling would find this matter boring and ignore it...

It turns out that this piece of wood doesn’t play according to the routine at all!

This made Sun Rong feel a little confused.

Because she doesn't know very well. They just carry out the entrusted tasks together. Does this count as a good impression of herself?

"Yingying. Do you remember what I mentioned to you last time."

"I know. That senior's boyfriend?"

Jiang Yingying laughed: "I knew that the pretty sister was absent-minded today. Nine times out of ten, it has something to do with him."

Sun Rong hesitated for a moment and said: "That's right. I want to go on a mission with him. The key is that he has never been interested in such a mission before."

"Then this is progress!"

"Do you think it's progress?"

"I think so!"

Jiang Yingying said: "If I have no feelings for you at all, how can I go on a mission with you?"

"There is a commission fee... and it is a commission fee that he cannot refuse."

"Hey. So it turns out that upper-level cultivators are also interested in money?"

"..."

"Anyway, Sister Rongrong, I think this is a perfect opportunity. At least you can use this task commission to try it out."

"But I'm afraid I'll mess it up."

"I think it doesn't matter. If you act recklessly, this senior brother is still willing to perform tasks with you. Doesn't that just prove that he is interested in you?"

"..."

Suddenly. Sun Rong suddenly understood.

Jiang Yingying doesn't seem to have much experience in love. She is just the kind of girl who watches a lot of silly love TV series and comic books.

The setting of a reckless heroine these days is not flattering!

And this is one of the reasons why so many girls like to watch TV series where handsome men cherish each other...

Sun Rong support amount.

What everyone wants to see is never the silly and sweet Mary Sue routine of a male protagonist who exudes sunshine and rescues the reckless female protagonist. What everyone wants to see is just a sweet interaction between a normal female protagonist who does not cause trouble and a normal male protagonist. !

Anyway, after talking with Jiang Yingying.

Sun Rong understands one thing.

That is, the love experience provided by Jiang Yingying has no substantial reference value.

She can even do the reverse based on the experience provided by Jiang Yingying...

...

In class, Mr. Wang Zukang's knowledge popularization, which I don't know if it can be called hint, gave Wang Ling and Sun Rong some inspiration. Now that there is inspiration, then it is time to enter the stage of idea verification.

First of all. A living person cannot disappear for no reason. Assume that the video blogger is really in danger. Wang Ling feels that there will definitely be some clues left behind.

In the modern world of cultivation, there are too many ways to restore the truth. Even if Wang Ling does not use the strange spells he has mastered, the Cultivation Police Station can still find flaws through existing technical means.

The zombie water that was once popular in the world of cultivation is actually available now.

After killing someone, pouring a drop onto the corpse will cause the entire corpse to completely evaporate in a very short period of time without leaving any trace... This method once became a must-have magic weapon for secret competition between major forces in troubled times.

However, even this magical liquid that once could destroy corpses and eliminate traces of them is still detectable with modern cultivation techniques.

Let's say element camera.

After a cultivator dies, the spiritual roots in his body often leave traces of elements consistent with his spiritual roots in the air.

Shoot a possible crime scene through the element camera. You can see the outline of the body outlined by natural elements in the camera screen.

Of course...

It would be more convenient if Wang Ling was in the past.

He doesn't need a camera. You can do it with King's Eyes.

...

The gray cafe on the student street near Number 60 High School. It has become a gathering point for Gray Cult believers.

After finishing the training with Jiang Yingying, Sun Rong rushed here immediately.

At this time, Chen Qin and Wang Ling had been waiting in the cafe for a long time.

On the way, she sent herself a Gray Cult leader's order. It was mainly written for Chen Qin to read. The leader's order clearly stated that the Gray Cult leader was aware of the matter and gave full authority to the person in charge of the Number 60 High School Gray Cult branch. Sun Rong and Gray Cult cultist Wang Ling are responsible for this.

It's strange to say that Gray Cult was originally established because of the essay called Wang Ling written by Crispy Noodles Dao Lord for Wang Ling at the Jiulong Mountain Physical Arts Conference. And because of the golden sentence in the essay " "A grain of dust in the times". Packaged Wang Ling into a little composition genius.

But in fact, most of the believers who joined Gray Cult thought that this essay was written by the leader of Gray Cult...

Naturally, Wang Ling has tampered with most people's memories. He is responsible for rationalizing everything.

Now he's just a Gray Cultist. Which makes perfect sense.

After all, he is just a writer.

Gray Cult knows nothing...

"Classmate Sun Rong. You are here!"

Chen Qin had been sitting in the private room of the cafe with Wang Ling for a long time. When she saw Sun Rong arrive, she felt like she had seen a life-saving straw. She looked like she was about to cry.

"What...what happened?"Sun Rong was startled.

"My classmate Wang Ling and I sat here for a long time. He didn't say a word."

Classmate Chen Qin looked worried: "I suspect that classmate Wang Ling... is broken!"

Wang Ling, Sun Rong: "..."





Chapter 1838 The female Taoist priest of Fenglei Village


Wang LingI didn’t expect that the time I spent silently thinking would bring such a big psychological shadow to Chen Qin.

Normally, when Wang Ling is thinking about something carefully, it will enter the trance mode like just now. Even if you open your eyes, everything in your sight will temporarily become a state of nothingness. It will follow the mind like smoke and fog. The thoughts are constantly changing in front of my eyes. This gives Wang Ling a certain prompt.

The hearing aspect will also be separated, eliminating all harassment from the external environment. It can be said that the mind is truly focused.

As for the body, it will automatically enter the system hosting state.

At that time, the body will automatically recognize the surrounding malicious intent and enter 100% evasion mode, allowing all attacks to be missed and directly fall into a state of failure.

Wang Ling had a feeling that things this time would be very complicated, so he started thinking in this "fixed mode". Under normal circumstances, only the final exam would qualify Wang Ling to use this ability.

It's just that Wang Ling ignored one thing. That is, Chen Qin is still here. And he was frightened by his pattern.

"Sorry."Wang Ling said.

He rarely takes the initiative to apologize to people. This is really the first time.

When he saw the expression on Chen Qin's face relaxed again. Wang Ling always felt that he was a little closer to the boundary between a normal person.

"Classmate Chenqin, don't be too afraid. Wang Ling is like this when he is thinking about something."

"Hey. Actually, I'm not afraid. I'm just curious."

"curious?"

"A person who thinks about things as single-mindedly as an old monk in meditation. Why is he average in every exam? Chen Chao kept telling me. He suspected that Wang Ling was deliberately trying to score points."

Wang Ling: "..."

Sun Rong heard this. He laughed and quickly changed the subject: "But we are not here to discuss the exam today. I... you said you had compiled new clues before?"

"right!"

Chen Qin said as he took out a stack of developed photos from his pink schoolbag.

In addition to the cell phone screenshots that Wang Ling and Sun Rong had seen before, they found that the clue materials provided this time also included some photos of the video blogger's life.

"Where did you get these photos?" Sun Rong asked curiously.

"This is a photo she posted on other social platforms before the video was deleted. I found it through her ID. But now on other social platforms, she seems to have logged out... I don't know if she was logged out. "Chen Qin said.

"Why didn't you take it out before?"

"Because I remembered wrongly. These photos were in another mobile phone. Later I used the cloud disk function of the current mobile phone to find them."

Wang Ling looked through each photo carefully. Finally, his eyes locked on one photo.

It was a photo of the video blogger with a person who looked like a Taoist priest. But unfortunately, the face of the Taoist priest he took the photo with was covered with a thick mosaic.

I saw Wang Ling paying special attention to this photo. Sun Rong tacitly asked: "Do you remember when this photo was posted?"

"I remember that I saved it half a month ago. But she should have posted the photo on the Internet earlier. And this is the only photo of her on that platform that she took with someone else," Chen Qin said.

"So that means the Taoist priest in the photo is most likely the last person to see her."

...

New clues were obtained from Chen Qin. Wang Ling and Sun Rong immediately started taking the next step.

Wang Ling took Sun Rong on Line 19 leading to Qingshan Lake Subway Terminal Station.

It is an area on the outskirts of the city. There are almost no people living there. That is to say, more people go camping there during weekends. On weekdays, there are almost no people around.

Seeing that there was no one in the carriage, Sun Rong asked cautiously: "Wang Ling. The mosaic on the photo. You should be able to restore it, right?"

"Um."

Wang Ling nodded. Then he handed over the photo in his hand. Sun Rong was shocked to find that the mosaic on the photo had been removed by Wang Ling.

The female Taoist priest standing next to the video blogger who looks very similar to Chen Qin is not that big. She looks to be about the same age as a high school student. She is wearing a white robe and has her black and shiny hair tied up. Above There is a purple hairpin inserted in it. It is holding a pink floating dust in its hand. It is wearing cute straw sandals.

Sun Rong is surprised. She is such a cute girl... but she is actually a female Taoist priest?

If this girl were placed in a serious high school, she felt that she would definitely be the object of many boys' hearts.

But on the other hand, she breathed a sigh of relief in her heart.

Okay, okay...

She is a female Taoist priest.

Otherwise, she will have more strange competitors!

But having said that, there is one thing that makes Sun Rong particularly surprised.

That is, Wang Ling actually knew which Taoist temple this cute little female Taoist priest came from just by looking at the photo. This is a bit incredible.

In today's Taoist temples, the clothes are mostly in plain colors such as cyan, white, and black. And there are no particularly sexual logos on the clothes. There are more than 100,000 large and small Taoist temples nationwide... The names are all different. Except for the fact that most Taoist temples are located on mountains, there doesn't seem to be much similarity.

She felt that Wang Ling must have deduced it. Only then did she know the identity of this female Taoist priest.

The result was unexpected. When they arrived at the door of the Taoist temple.

After seeing Wang Ling, a child who looked to be only thirteen or fourteen years old but was wearing a Taoist priest's uniform had a look of astonishment on his face. He quickly put down his broom and ran into the Taoist temple. . While shouting: "It's Lay Master Wang! Lay Master Wang is here! Senior Sister Yueqing!"

This sudden announcement made the expression on Sun Rong's face slightly startled. After being stunned for a while, she finally saw the plaque of this Taoist temple clearly.

There are three words written on it: Fenglei Village.

This was a Taoist temple that Sun Rong had never heard of before. She knew about Qingshan Lake. But she never knew that there was such a Taoist temple on the top of a mountain about five kilometers away from Qingshan Lake in a straight line.

A trace of doubt flashed through her mind.

Wang Ling came here just after seeing the photo. Sun Rong thought this was the result of calculation. But judging from the reaction of the little Taoist priest just now, she suddenly felt that Wang Ling Maybe there is a strange connection with this remote Taoist temple?

No way...

It can't be such a coincidence, right?

Her heart was beating.

At this moment, the small and cute female Taoist priest seen in the previous photo was holding the pink floating dust, walking on straw sandals, and walked out of the Taoist temple with a smile on her face.

"Long time no see. Mr. Wang."

She took the initiative and took a step forward. She looked at Wang Ling's face without hesitation.

There seemed to be some ambiguity in his eyes.

After a while, she turned her attention to Sun Rong beside her. Then she shook off the dust and reached out her hand: "Hello. This female lay practitioner, I am You Yueqing, is the senior sister of Fenglei Taoist Temple. "





Chapter 1839 The fastidious female Taoist priest


Speaking of which, the bad relationship between Wang Ling and You Yueqing started a long time ago. A long time ago... You Yueqing was Wang Ling's kindergarten classmate.

That was a long time ago. When I was a child, my parents always liked to jokingly ask their children how many husbands and wives you had in kindergarten. Even during the kindergarten period of Wang Ling, Unavoidable vulgarity.

You Yueqing was once one of the people teased by Father Wang, Mother Wang and Mr. Wang.

When you were in elementary school, You Yueqing even kept in touch with Wang Ling. Sometimes she even took the initiative to come to the Wang family's small villa as a guest.

Later, Father Wang and Mother Wang heard that You Yueqing had moved to another city. The relationship between the two families became indifferent.

It wasn't until Wang Ling that he was promoted to junior high school. He didn't hear about You Yueqing's current situation from one of his junior high school classmates... He said that You Yueqing made a bold decision when he was promoted to junior high school - Become a Taoist priest!

After hearing the news, Wang Ling's expression was obviously a little confused. He knew that You Yueqing's brain circuit had always been abnormal. But he didn't expect it to be so abnormal... but soon. Wang Ling Calm was restored.

However, You Yueqing's knowledge of Wang Ling itself is limited. She does not know that Wang Ling has heaven-defying abilities. She just intuitively feels that it is better than ordinary cultivators. Wang LingDifferences about oneself.

She has felt that Wang Ling was particularly attracted to him since she was a child.

After coming to Fenglei Village to become the senior sister, she also met Wang Ling, a female Taoist priest.

For example, in the year when grandma Wang Ling passed away, You Yueqing hosted the Dharma conference for grandma Wang Ling.

At that time, she was not as mature as she is now. Her childish face was full of the look of a cute porcelain doll. However, when she was presiding over the Dharma conference, her face was tight and unusually serious.

It can be seen that You Yueqing is a female Taoist priest with extremely strong professional abilities.

Entering the dojo. You Yueqing led Wang Ling and Sun Rong to sit down on the futon.

This was originally the teaching hall of Fenglei Village. Tables made of peach wood were neatly placed in front of the hall. There was a simple futon in front of each table.

At the front of the main hall are an offering table and an incense burner. There is also a huge Bagua disk hanging on the wall in the front.

The futon in front of the altar table looks slightly larger than the futon used by ordinary disciples. It is also black and white and Tai Chi color.

On weekdays, the owners of Fenglei Village and You Yueqing give lectures here.

Of course. The owner of Fenglei Village is a lazy man. The main reason is You Yueqing preaching in the lecture hall as the senior sister.

Compared with other Taoist temples, the characteristic of Fengleizhuang is that the people here are all young Taoists. They are relatively young.

After pouring tea for the two of them, You Yueqing also heard Sun Rong talk about her demands.

She didn't answer the question immediately. She just smiled at Sun Rong first. Then she asked in a very low voice: "Mum, maybe it's a bit rude. But I'm curious... between you and layman Wang." What kind of relationship is it?"

Sun Rong immediately said, "It's just a classmate relationship..."

"Oh, that's right."

You Yueqing showed an expression of sudden realization. Immediately she became happy: "In my impression, layman Wang almost never talks to girls. The probability of traveling together is very low."

"So Taoist priests are also interested in secular things..." Sun Rong asked with sweat on his cheeks.

"They are just Taoist priests. They are not monks. Taoist priests can be divided into those who are particular and those who are not. They do not have many restrictions on emotional matters. Those who are more particular can get married after finding true love." You Yueqing said with a smile.

"Get... get married..."

"Of course you can get married. You can return to secular life. I just wanted to wait for Wang Ling. That's why I became a Taoist priest. If he figures it out sometime, I can return to secular life at any time." You Yueqing said in front of Sun Rong said straightforwardly. This overflowing confidence instantly gave Sun Rong a great sense of crisis.

On the other side. Wang Ling was also choked by You Yueqing's words.

He confirmed that You Yueqing's words were definitely intentional.

It’s not that I say it to Sun Rong. It’s that I say it to myself.

When he was very young, he remembered that You Yueqing liked to tease him more than other girls.

It was obvious that he was regarded as a silent monster and isolated in the eyes of others. In the end, You Yueqing still persisted in making all kinds of jokes with him.

The speaker has no intention. The listener has intention.

These words made Sun Rong put down all the vigilance before entering the Taoist temple and instantly increased it!

really...

She thinks too much!

It turns out that female Taoist priests are the most dangerous!

Pretending to be a Taoist priest, are you actually playing hard to get?

Danger!

Sun Rong feels this is a huge crisis.

It was completely different from the feeling she had when facing Jiang Yingying before. She was sure that Jiang Yingying would never be her opponent, so she had always been calm.

But facing You Yueqing, she didn't know anything. She felt like she didn't know what to do.

As for the story between You Yueqing and Wang Ling. Sun Rong also had no idea at all. What kind of past existed between the two people... She was really curious.

Just when Sun Rong was thinking wildly, You Yueqing shook off the pink dust on her hand and suddenly changed the topic back to the main topic.

In Sun Rong's opinion, this is a very clever method.

Not giving her any chance to ask questions about her past relationship with Wang Ling...

She looked at the photo and identified it for herself. Then she nodded and said.

"The female lay practitioner you mentioned did come to Fenglei Village a while ago to come to me for divination."

"And because the prediction she asked me to make was very strange, I remember it very clearly."

"Strange hexagram?" Sun Rong asked.

"Yes. It's a very strange question." You Yueqing nodded and said, "Supposedly this is a client's secret. I shouldn't have told you originally. But from now on, it seems that this female lay practitioner may have been in danger. So... Do something special."

She looked at Sun Rong and Wang Ling seriously. She said, "What she wants me to calculate is about the job interview. It's very strange. She is obviously a girl who looks about the same age as us. . At such a young age, he gave up the path of studying and went to work. At this age, the only way out is to study. Studying hard is better than anything else. Instead of finding a place to work."

"..."

Wang Ling and Sun Rong suddenly felt that You Yueqing did not seem qualified to say these words.

But You Yueqing didn't seem to notice anything wrong with what she said. Instead, she continued: "By the way, the results of my hexagram at that time were not very good, so I gave her some advice. Still don’t go for a job. Even if you pass the interview, don’t go.”

At this time, You Yueqing sighed: "Hey, it seems that she thought I was too young and didn't believe me at all. So she probably went to that work unit and something happened."

"Your hexagram is so accurate?"Sun Rong was shocked.

"It's definitely accurate."

You Yueqing laughed. She took out a palm-sized turtle shell from the storage bag on the lapel of her Taoist robe: "This was given to me by Lay Practitioner Wang when I was very young. There is proof of our love in it. So it counts." The hexagram is definitely accurate."

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 1840 You Yueqing’s fortune-telling ability


This is a small turtle shell that has been enlightened by Wang Ling version 1.0. It was when You Yueqing was closest to the Old Wang family. Father Wang and Mother Wang asked him to forcibly give You Yueqing a birthday gift gift.

Wang Ling was very scared at first because You Yueqing particularly liked to pester him. So Wang Ling's purpose of giving the turtle shell was very simple. He just wanted You Yueqing to use the turtle shell to calculate his fate. Where on earth... I hope I can find a good home and get married in the future.

Wang Ling admits that even though he was very young at the time, he did think a lot.

And You Yueqing obviously didn't use this turtle shell to calculate her marriage. Instead, she used this little turtle shell to directly embark on the path of a female Taoist priest...

Speaking of which, Wang Ling feels sad.

This fate is called a bad fate. It is not an exaggeration to say that it is true.

But then again, the monsters in the Wang family's villa, such as Lord Ma, have already gone through the latest version 3.0 of the attunement technique. Wang Ling I didn't expect that the turtle shell of the version 1.0 attunement technique could actually do that. Accurate calculation.

According to You Yueqing herself, the tortoise shell can predict events in the next six months. If the timeline is closer, it will be more detailed. The further the timeline is, the blurr it will be. The most accurate one so far is to predict the bad luck of an event. .

I don't know if it was to show off her fortune-telling ability. You Yueqing started to shake the turtle shell in front of Sun Rong seriously.

After all the copper plates placed in the turtle shell were shaken out, You Yueqing stared at several copper plates carefully and began to talk.

"Today, if my brothers and sisters leave a message in this chapter, they will get good luck."

"..."

"Tomorrow, that shameless author Ku Xuan will update again. He will update every day. This is really unprecedented!"

"..."

"Four months from now, around 520, a Sun Island female star named Aragaki will announce her marriage. The Internet will lose a wife."

You Yueqing said it very seriously. A divination directly revealed three things about today, tomorrow and the future. It made Sun Rong astonished.

No wonder when she and Wang Ling came here, they could see all kinds of lay men and women going to Fenglei Village to worship the Three Pure Ones.

Most people came to visit you specifically after hearing that You Yueqing's divination was accurate.

However, You Yueqing usually fortune-tells for herself before giving fortune-telling to others. Only if it shows auspicious signs, and then based on the content of the inquiry, will she agree to the prediction. Not everyone will accept the entrustment.

And now there are many gray-robed Taoist priests who look very old in Fenglei Village. In fact, these gray-robed Taoist priests are all pure cultivators who came here from all over the country. They mainly do the fortune-telling for You Yueqing. Still willing.

However, the Taoist temple is very small. There are only six places for Qingxiu.

Therefore, those who come to fulfill their wishes need to make an appointment in advance.

Sun Rong took a look at the appointment list. The longest number of people who came to fulfill their wishes had already made an appointment for seven months...

"It's really hot."

Sun Rong was muttering in his heart.

The more You Yueqing talked, the more she felt a sense of crisis.

Because she never knew that Wang Ling had also taken the initiative to give things to other girls before giving them to herself.

And the tiny tortoise shell can calculate such accurate hexagrams. Sun Rong also knows that this was specially enlightened.

In other words. Wang LingMaybe, maybe, probably... I did have a crush on You Yueqing in the past...

For a moment, she was in a state of confusion.

I clearly know that now is not the time to think about these problems. But once the emotions get entangled, I can't care about anything.

The first round. Sun Rong had to admit that he was defeated.

She couldn't see through You Yueqing.

This feeling is really the first time...

You Yueqing, on the other hand, took it all in stride. She was just joking and saying those words that were easily misunderstood.

Back to business.

She dug out the Taoist temple's customer directory. She presented the records of the visiting faithful men and women directly to Wang Ling and Sun Rong. She directly flipped through the list to a record from more than half a month ago: "You want to The female lay practitioner we are looking for is this one. Her name written on it is Li Xuan. Her address is on the back."

"Our Taoist temple will deliver small pendants to the visiting laymen every month. Haha. In fact, this is a way for the village owner to win over the laymen. At the same time, the pendants delivered by express delivery also have the brand name of our Fenglei Village. It is also a disguised form of advertising."

Sun Rong tried hard to adjust his thoughts. Asked: "Is your name Li Xuan? Is it a pseudonym?"

"I don't think so. Because I will explain before every divination that you must use your real name to divination. Otherwise, the divination will be inaccurate."

"So that's what it is..."

"Okay. Thank you, Director You."

Sun Rong nodded. Then stood up.

As a result, You Yueqing grabbed Sun Rong's arm at this time: "Eh? Wait. Are you leaving now?"

"Well, I've seen the address. We're going to go look for that address." Sun Rong said.

"Don't worry. I'll go with you." You Yueqing smiled.

Sun Rong looked stunned: "But... Taoist priest You is not here in the Taoist temple. Is there no problem?"

"What's the big deal? Just don't do divination while I'm away. Besides, the village owner is here! If you need anything, you can go to the village owner!"

You Yueqing narrowed her eyes and smiled cutely: "Wang Ling...Oh no. It's layman Wang. He finally took the initiative to come to me. I will definitely help with this little help."

To be honest. Sun Rong actually doesn’t really want to take You Yueqing there with him.

But after all, the information about the video blogger was provided by You Yueqing. If you refuse too obviously, it will make you look very arrogant.

Helpless. Sun Rong could only sigh silently in her heart and agreed to You Yueqing's application for team formation.

Before leaving the Taoist temple, a young Taoist priest from the Taoist temple brought a brand new pink dust to You Yueqing. It was dark pink dust. Apart from the difference in color, there seemed to be nothing special about it.

Seeing You Yueqing replacing Fuchen. Sun Rong couldn't help but asked curiously: "What's the significance of this?"

"It's nothing. It's just that I think this trip may be dangerous. It's hard to go down the mountain. Of course, you have to be fully prepared."

You Yueqing smiled and said: "There is a saying. The pinker the weapon, the harder it is to hit someone!"

Wang Ling, Sun Rong: "..."

Although she is not very old, she is already at the peak of the late Foundation Building stage. She will soon step into the Golden Core.

In terms of qualifications and talents in cultivation, Sun Rong feels that You Yueqing is very similar to herself. She is even more talented than herself.

After it was confirmed that You Yueqing joined the team and acted together.

Yamashita. Sun Rong used his cell phone to call a taxi.

You Yueqing was stunned when she saw this: "Huh? We call a taxi here? Do you know how expensive it is to take a taxi there?"

Sun Rong smiled awkwardly: "Then let's... go with the sword?"

"Riding a sword is too unchallenging. Since we have to take into account cultivation, of course the first choice is to ride a bicycle. Our Taoist temple has a single garage at the foot of the mountain. The three of us can just ride there." You Yueqing showed a kind smile.

Again, he had no choice but to agree. Sun Rong had no choice but to agree.

As for Wang Ling.

He was sandwiched between the two women. He really didn't know what to do.

However, the moment the three of them saw the bicycle, Wang Ling and Sun Rong regretted it. They regretted not rejecting You Yueqing's request earlier.

Because this is a three-person long bicycle!





Chapter 1841 Be cautious. It’s always right.


Looking at the ivory-colored three-person long bicycle in front of them, Wang Ling and Sun Rong fell into deep thought at the same time.

Wang Ling It’s really hard to imagine what it would be like to ride this car on the street... Wouldn’t it really be regarded as a lunatic!

And if he was caught between two girls, how would passers-by look at him? He is obviously not Neptune. Will he be regarded as Neptune...

What if he was photographed by some nefarious person and posted it on the Internet? He would die instantly?

After all, some current news media can directly publish news about heavyweight academicians in reports without verification. It is really a very low-level behavior! It has seriously reduced the credibility of domestic media!

The most important thing is that after I posted it, I discovered that there was an error in the report. I immediately deleted the post and pretended that nothing happened. No apology was given. It was so shameless!

A great man once said that the current journalism world needs to learn more. After all, it is too young. It also needs to improve its knowledge level. Otherwise, there will be deviations in future reports. You must be responsible! Don't think about it all day long. Big news.

Wang Ling feels that this instruction is absolutely correct.

So, it's always right to be cautious.

"Don't look at this bicycle as ordinary. It's actually very flexible. I nicknamed it Little White Dragon." You Yueqing smiled and said: "Of course. I know you may not be used to it, so I gave it in advance. You have your helmets ready."

As she said that, she took out the motorcycle helmet in an unusually "considerate" manner. You Yueqing knew very well Wang Ling's fearful personality. If Wang Ling was allowed to ride this bike openly and walk around, she would definitely You won't get used to it.

So as long as you have a suitable covering, a motorcycle helmet is a good choice. It can also ensure safety while riding.

After all, when the bicycles in the world of cultivation actually work, how fast they ride depends entirely on the level of the rider. You Yueqing measured the strength of the three of them.

They are all the pinnacles of the late Foundation Building period. The three of them riding together can make the little white dragon drive at a speed of over 600 kilometers an hour.

Wang Ling and Sun Rong both sweated.

Of course they also know the hidden rule of riding a bicycle based on realm... So if Wang Ling is allowed to ride a bicycle, even Sun Rong can hardly imagine what kind of experience it will be like. Going beyond the speed of light is just a basic operation. How many times the speed of light can be is the question.

Wang Ling took the motorcycle helmet. He couldn't help sighing in his heart.

We haven't seen each other for many years. You Yueqing's brain circuit is still as novel as ever. Fortunately, she is covered by a motorcycle helmet. Wang Ling feels at least not so ashamed.

Before getting in the car, Wang Ling shook his finger and used the lowest intensity enlightenment technique on the little white dragon to prevent it from directly disintegrating while the little white dragon was traveling at high speed.

Then he put on his helmet and headed straight for the front of the bicycle. Just in case, Wang Ling planned to take the driving right of the bicycle into his own hands.

However, this action was directly seen by You Yueqing. She immediately intercepted it and said, "Wait a minute Wang Ling! Do you know the way? Otherwise, I'll do it."

Wang Ling: "..."

Of course he knew the way. If You Yueqing hadn't insisted on following, he might have found a remote corner and teleported directly to Sun Rong according to the coordinates.

Seeing Wang Ling being asked by You Yueqing in a dilemma. Sun Rong immediately stood up to smooth things over: "How about I do it. I've been to that place before. I know the way."

"Are you sure?" You Yueqing confirmed again and again.

"Yeah. I'm sitting at the front of the car." Sun Rong nodded.

"Then Wang Ling is sitting in second place. I'm sitting at the end."

The calm discussion is over.

Just when Sun Rong was about to sit at the front of the car, she suddenly realized a very serious problem!

That's when Sun Rong suddenly realized that he seemed to be plotted by You Yueqing...

First of all, Wang Ling sitting in the second seat will definitely not hug her waist... Then You Yueqing, sitting in the third seat! It is very likely that she will directly hug Wang Ling Waist! Then he shouted "giegie" one after another in an extremely affectionate manner...

That strong sense of imagery occupied Sun Rong's mind almost instantly...

Good guy. It turns out that Daoist You is waiting for me here!

no!

You Yueqing must not be allowed to succeed.

So before getting on the bus, Sun Rong changed his mind again: "Director You, there is a section of the road that I don't remember very clearly. Why don't you sit in the second seat? It's convenient for you to give me directions... "

"Okay. No problem."

To Sun Rong's surprise, You Yueqing agreed happily. There was no trace of regret on her face.

At that moment Sun Rong's heart was touched.

She felt that maybe she was just thinking too much. She shouldn't be so petty...

But sometimes she still feels that she should be more cautious as a person. This is always right.

Just like that, a Taoist priest and two high school students from the "Foundation Building Period" of a cultivation college officially rode the little white dragon and embarked on the road to find the video blogger named Li Xuan.

After getting on the road, Wang Ling could feel the strong sense of shame through the motorcycle helmet. The eyes of the people around him seemed to fall on him through the motorcycle helmet. Wang LingMy forehead is covered with sweat.

He had no choice but to pedal hard to complete his mission. After many twists and turns, he finally arrived at the address previously registered in the Taoist temple at almost 7:30 pm.

It was an apartment. The three of them came downstairs. The apartment manager immediately opened the door. His eyes were very alert: "Who are you looking for?"

"We are looking for a resident named Li Xuan. Can you let us in?" Sun Rong asked.

"You are not from this apartment. I have never seen you. Unless she comes down to pick you up, I can't let you in." The apartment manager said very strictly: "And recently, there are some criminals who like to dress up as Chu Chu. Poor student groups sneak into apartments to steal and so on... Of course. I'm not doubting you. It's just that people are panicking recently. It's our duty."

"Understood..."

Sun Rong nodded.

At this time, the apartment manager said again: "By the way, if you can find the landlord of this apartment, and if the landlord allows it, I can let you in. I am just a part-time worker. I really can't bear the responsibility if something happens." "

"The landlord? Are all the apartments tenants?" You Yueqing asked.

"Yes." The apartment manager nodded: "This is a group apartment for white-collar workers. It is specially rented to migrant workers. There is only one landlord. He owns this building."

"That's easy to handle." Sun Rong heard this and instantly became happy.

When she took out her phone, Wang Ling already knew what Sun Rong wanted to do.

I just heard Sun Rong make a phone call to Mr. Boss Sun. He said: "Yes. Grandpa! Have you heard of an apartment called Conch Apartment? It's on Beihai Road. Yes. I like this building. Okay. Can grandpa take it down? It can be done in ten minutes, right? Uh-huh... ok. I'm waiting for news from grandpa!"

Wang Ling, You Yueqing and the apartment manager were dumbfounded at the same time.

From their perspective, it seems that what Sun Rong just bought was not an apartment, but a walnut...





Chapter 1842 How many birthday gifts did Wang Ling give?


Although the process of purchasing real estate was not as fast as expected. But after Mr. Boss Sun gave the landlord a price that he could not refuse, the landlord quickly contacted the duty room to give the future owner permission.

The administrator looked at Sun Rong in shock.

This, this, this...is this the ability to speculate?

It was almost eight o'clock at night. Wang Ling felt calm in his heart. Because he had written out all his homework in school today. He could carry out the tasks in a down-to-earth manner without any worries.

Submitting homework on time is also a manifestation of fulfilling commitments and responsibilities. Father Wang is a very responsible person in this regard. Like many people who have graduated and are working, he occasionally has the dream of being criticized by the teacher if the homework is not completed. . As a result, I woke up from the dream and found that I had successfully graduated and been working for several years.

Holding the master key given by the duty room, the three of them got on the elevator leading to the apartment of the video blogger Li Xuan. When they arrived at the door, Sun Rong knocked politely: "Excuse me. Is anyone there? ?"

While asking, she released her spiritual sense to sense. After confirming that no one was in the house, she opened the door with the master key and went in.

This scene seemed a bit familiar to Wang Ling.

In his memory, for example, Xiang Yi, the new guest from the Office of Strategic Deception, was a good expert in this field... This guy had been honing his lock-picking skills in a deserted wasteland. He had pried out an empire's secrets. wealth.

"etc!"

Just before Sun Rong was about to push the door open, You Yueqing stopped Sun Rong and Wang Ling. She took out a miniature camera from her storage bag and hung it on her robe. On the lapel.

Wang Ling frowned. This miniature camera seemed a bit familiar.

"This is?"

"Micro cameras and law enforcement recorders are of the same nature. Even though you are the landlord now, if something happens in the house, it is difficult to explain. So it is still important to prepare in advance."

At this point, she held her blushing face as if to show off and said to Sun Rong: "To tell you the truth, this is the second birthday gift Wang Ling gave me!"

"..."

When I mentioned this, Wang Ling instantly remembered the origin of this camera.

Theoretically speaking, this is not a gift from Wang Ling. It is the intention of Father Wang and Mother Wang. After all, Father Wang and Mother Wang would arrange birthday gifts for the Old Wang family and You Yueqing every year during their best years. .

Even if Wang Ling doesn't arrange it, Father Wang and Mother Wang will help arrange it. Then let Wang Ling give it some inspiration or add a blessing buff before sending it. Then the gift will become Wang Ling's own gift. Yes.

So don't underestimate this little tiny camera. After being modified by Wang Ling, this camera can actually capture things that others can't see.

You Yueqing has maintained the camera very well over the years. It is still as good as new. She naturally realizes the magic of the miniature camera in her hand. She also marvels at the power of modern cultivation technology...

After all, there are not many cameras on the market that can directly capture ghosts and can also perform transition directly through the lens... Therefore, You Yueqing has always been very moved. She knew that this miniature camera must be worth a lot of money. Unexpectedly, Wang Ling actually gave himself such an expensive birthday gift.

And seeing You Yueqing showing off on the side. Sun Rong himself felt a little helpless.

It's unrealistic to say it's not bitter.

There was a bitter taste in her mouth.

At the same time, I am a little envious of the childhood friendship between You Yueqing and Wang Ling.

These are things she has never experienced before.

But now in front of You Yueqing and Wang Ling, she can't act too restless. Otherwise, she will definitely be treated as a joke.

But it's still annoying...

She roared in her heart.

Just like the groundhog standing in the mountains.

"Come on. Let's go in." Everything was ready. You Yueqing smiled and flicked the fly whisk, signaling Sun Rong to open the door and go in.

Sun Rong took a deep breath and unscrewed the door handle. Then he accurately found the switch in the room and turned on the light.

The apartment is not too big in size. It is about less than 40 square meters. But the little Ma Jiao is fully equipped with a kitchen, bathroom, and balcony.

Conch Apartment itself is an apartment for young people. It is also built in an entrepreneurial park. It can also receive subsidies from the above every year, so the rent is not particularly high.

Li Xuan is only sixteen years old, the age of a student. And she only recently had the idea of going out to work. So where does the rent come from for her to live here?

If you ask the former landlord about this, you will definitely not be able to figure it out. There is really too much information about the tenants. If you directly ask the landlord who is Li Xuan, I guess the former landlord will also be confused.

Wang Ling looked around the environment inside the apartment.

It's clean, tidy, and even spotless... Even if it's a place where girls live, it's a bit too unsmooth.

Sun Rong and You Yueqing checked it out. No valuable clues were found.

However, it was precisely this extremely clean room that made both women suspicious.

"I think it's weird." Sun Rong said: "As a girl's room, except for some girls' clothes in the closet, there doesn't seem to be anything special. All places are very clean. So clean. It looks like someone specially cleaned it."

You Yueqing agreed with Sun Rong: "I agree with what Miss Sun said. There must be something wrong here!"

As she spoke, she began to move around the images previously recorded by the camera. From the moment they entered the door, the images in the camera were all clean. Nothing weird was captured.

This made You Yueqing frown. Her sixth sense told her that there must be something wrong with this room. And it was very big!

"Wang Ling. What do you think?" she asked curiously.

When I turned around, I saw Wang Ling facing a white wall and looking at it.

She quickly used her camera to take pictures of the white wall. She still found nothing.

"Is there something wrong with this wall?" You Yueqing asked.

Wang Ling did not reply immediately.

He did see some clues. He was hesitant to take action on this problematic white wall. But at the same time, he felt that it was a bit too early for him to take action now. Moreover, it would be easy to alert others and expose many problems.

Therefore, he hesitated again and again. Wang Ling took his hand back again.

You Yueqing didn't take any abnormal pictures. It seems to be quite normal for Wang Ling. After all, this birthday gift has a history of nearly ten years. And it still uses version 1.0 of the attunement technique... It's still there He was enlightened by the situation when he was perfunctory and extremely coping.

Although it is more powerful than ordinary cameras, if it really causes a big problem, it will not be able to solve it.

Just like in front of you.

The white wall they faced.

Only Wang Ling saw the obscure runes on the wall.

Wang Ling is convinced.

These are the traces left by the Eternal...





Chapter 1843: Retreat to advance·You Yueqing


It was late at night. When Wang Ling faced this wall that was difficult for ordinary people to peek and full of obscure runes, he immediately knew that this matter was no longer something that Sun Rong or You Yueqing could intervene in. Yes.

Once he continues to lead them to investigate further, they will inevitably run into danger. Even if he has strengthened Sun Rong to this point, these Eternals hiding behind are very cunning. The lack of skills and experience may make Sun RongSuffer a big loss. And experience cannot be compensated by combat effectiveness.

As for You Yueqing, there is no need to say much. Although there are many enlightened birthday gifts given by Wang Ling when she was a child, even if they were brought out to face the Eternal One, it would not be enough.

Therefore Wang Ling faced the wall and stared blankly for a moment before shaking his head. As if nothing happened, he put his school uniform's trouser pocket in and started walking out of the apartment.

He deliberately did not tell the two people what he saw. Instead, he kept the whole thing to himself without saying a word.

As for Sun Rong and You Yueqing, the two women looked at each other and followed Wang Ling out.

Out of their understanding of Wang Ling. They each have their own plans in mind.

It was getting late. Then the three of them planned to disperse in front of the apartment and go home. Before leaving, You Yueqing added Wang Ling on WeChat. Then she added the greeting Sun Rong together.

Sun Rong didn't refuse. She actually wanted to know more about You Yueqing, so she took out her phone and scanned the QR code.

After successfully obtaining the contact information of the two of them, You Yueqing smiled brightly: "I feel that Sun Rong and I are actually very compatible! I can help you tell your fortune for free later. You can ask anything you want!"

Sun Rong responded with a generous smile: "Okay. Then I'm welcome. Thank you, Daoist Master You."

"Just call me Xiaoqing. Don't be so formal. If you need my help later, just contact me on WeChat."

You Yueqing narrowed her eyes slightly. Then she flicked her fly whisk, got on the ivory white dragon and drove away.

"Wang Ling. Did you see something?"

After watching You Yueqing go away, Sun Rong couldn't help but ask Wang Ling if he had just observed something in the room.

This was a question she asked after getting to know Wang Ling. Although Wang Ling had said calmly in the apartment that nothing was abnormal, Sun Rong could still sense something was wrong. place.

And she believed that You Yueqing also felt this way. It's just that You Yueqing left in order to retreat.

Sun Rong felt that he could not see through You Yueqing more and more.

However, after asking this question, Sun Rong saw Wang Ling staring at her intently for a while. Finally, he shook his head.

He waved goodbye to Sun Rong, signaling her to go back early.

After waiting in the dark for a while, after confirming that Sun Rong left the apartment, Wang Ling reappeared from the hidden corner of the street. Returned to the room just now and faced the weird white wall again.

He operated King's Eyes. He dispelled the pure white mist on the white wall and re-exposed the mysterious runes hidden behind it.

After doing all this, he sat cross-legged on the ground and used his pupil power to directly summon three eternal beings with royal blood who were previously sealed in the "pupil universe".

The skeleton prince of the undead, the lion-headed man of the Eternal Lion Clan, and the princess Meng Liuli of the Dream Clan.

Wang Ling originally wanted to tell Monk Jin Deng, Li Xian and Zhang Zhui to also be present. But that seemed a bit too alarming. Now the three of them are also important elders of the Office of Strategic Deception. They go out to do things. Almost the entire Office Everyone in Strategic Deception knows this. It would be bad if word spread.

That's why Wang Ling summoned the three Royal Eternals previously prepared in King's Eyes. He planned to listen to their opinions.

Since being defeated one by one by Wang Ling in Glio City, the three royal Eternals have lost all temper. And they also know that the Saints have successfully compromised with Wang Ling and have all their contracts Transferred to Wang Ling.

The key is that what makes them even more unbelievable is that Wang Ling doesn't care about the constraints of these contracts at all. After getting it, he burned the contracts with the eternal fire of King's Eyes.

This means that you are not worried that they will escape at all...on the other hand, it also shows that you are fully confident in your own strength.

Now. The Skeleton Prince, the Lion-headed Man and Meng Liuli are all looking forward to the promise of the "Eternal Utopia" that Wang Ling will fulfill for them.

Unbound by any contract, they finally found the feeling of freedom and respect.

As for Wang Ling, he has become their "new boss". Even if they don't sign a labor contract, they are willing to stay with Wang Ling.

Until Wang Ling summoned them, the somewhat literary Skeleton Prince was still drafting the composition Wang Ling. My Superman!}

But now, when they saw the obscure runes on the white wall in front of them, the three of them looked at each other, and their expressions immediately became serious.

"This is... I remember seeing this kind of mysterious rune when a certain clan was at war." The Skeleton Prince immediately frowned. He thought of something that happened a long time ago. But that time was too long ago. It goes back a long time. When I was little.

The lifespan of the undead is infinite. It can be traced back to when he was a child. The time span is even more terrifying.

Because when he was a child, the Old Dominator still existed. But it was at the end of the old days. It was far less glorious than in its heyday.

"Well, there are a few suspicious Eternal-level forces who are good at using this mysterious writing formula to create formations and secret techniques." The lion-headed man scratched his head and replied.

"It's a long time ago. But given some time, we should be able to confirm it." At this time, Meng Liuli continued: "As long as I retrieve the dream, it will be fine. This is the unique ability of the Dream Clan. All the dreams that have been invaded by the Dream Clan. Records. And can be gathered into a huge dream network and stored in the mental space for sharing. As long as I confirm the approximate time range and perform precise retrieval, the results will be available soon."

With that said, she sat down directly cross-legged and started working without saying anything. It was extremely efficient. It made Wang Ling very satisfied.

...

On the other side, after Sun Rong arrived home, the head maid named Qiu came over immediately: "Miss, you are back. You have a friend waiting for you in the living room."

"Friend?" Sun Rong was stunned in her heart. She followed the head maid over with a suspicious look on her face.

When she came to the living room, she saw a familiar snow-white figure appearing in front of her.

That person is no one else.

It was You Yueqing.

"We meet again. Classmate Sun Rong." You Yueqing was not polite. She immediately stood up from the sofa and looked at her with a smile. She seemed to be anti-customer.

Sun Rong took a deep breath. She never expected that You Yueqing would retreat directly to her home at the door of the apartment.

What kind of performance is this...

"It's already very late. Is there something wrong, Mr. You?" Sun Rong asked trying to maintain his composure.

"I just have a few questions. A little curious."

You Yueqing touched her chin. She looked at Sun Rong carefully. Then she walked slowly over, getting closer and closer. Looking at Sun Rong, she couldn't help but smile and said, "I actually want to ask . Do you like Wang Ling?"





Chapter 1844 Sun Rong vs You Yueqing


Such frankness was completely unexpected by Sun Rong. Her red face clearly showed an expression of extreme surprise. She never expected that You Yueqing would come directly to her home at night. And she was so straightforward. Ask her questions.

So this is...a provocation?

Sun Rong secretly shook her head. But it didn't feel like it. Because when You Yueqing said this, she didn't feel any murderous intent. Instead, she felt like she was being teased.

This feeling is so familiar to Sun Rong. Just like Zhuo Yi likes to make fun of her no matter what happens, calling her "Master's Wife" one after another.

Now that the question has been raised, Sun Rong feels that it would be a bit too petty if he didn't give any answer. It would also appear that he cares a lot.

Isn't it just Wang Ling...

Just...a piece of wood...

What's worth... does she care about so much?

After trying hard to control his emotions, Sun Rong took a deep breath. Looking at You Yueqing, he mustered up the courage to respond: "Master You is very accurate. You are absolutely right. I just like {{id_00004" }}!"

"It's true. I've calculated it correctly again! And let me tell you a little secret."

You Yueqing narrowed her eyes and smiled. Then she grabbed Sun Rong's hand and said, "I like him too!"

Sun Rong: "Eh...Eh?"

You Yueqing smiled and said: "There's nothing strange about this. It's not normal for a cute boy to be liked by many people. Anyway, you and I haven't officially established a relationship, right? So now it can only be regarded as a relationship of fair competition." "

"..."

Sun Rong was a little heartbroken when he heard these words. He smacked his lips and felt a bitter taste in his mouth. He couldn't find any reason to refute.

When you like someone, there is no first-come, first-served basis. And no one stipulates that Wang Ling must be hers...

It can only be said that You Yueqing is a very difficult opponent. Sun Rong This is the first time I feel this way.

This Taoist priest is far less naive than Jiang Yingying. He will be sent away easily.

Sun Rong feels that he may experience a tough battle next.

"The Taoist priest came to me tonight just to ask about this matter? If there is anything else, do you want to sit down and talk slowly?"

To You Yueqing's surprise. Sun Rong was much calmer than she expected. After hearing what she just said, not only did he not mean to drive her away, but he actually chose to keep her here.

Then. Sun Rong clapped her hands and asked the head maid to serve tea. A sweet smell immediately spread out. The lavender tea was dotted with stars. It seemed like the Milky Way was reflected on the lake at night.

You Yueqing took a sip and licked her lower lip. Before Sun Rong could introduce it, she said in surprise, "Is it made from the best moonlit grass?"

Sun Rong was surprised. Unexpectedly, You Yueqing also studied tea ceremony. And she could distinguish the varieties after just one sip.

The spiritual tea soaked in the best moonlit night grass has the effect of calming the mind and tonifying the brain. It is very suitable for taking at night. It also has the ability to improve memory. Drinking tea while memorizing can ensure that the knowledge points are constantly reinforced in the mind and will not be forgotten. The effect can be Lasts for several months.

It's exam season soon. Sun Rong always prepares more at home.

However, Moonlight Grass is valuable. And because of the harsh growing conditions, the number of artificially cultivated plants is very limited.

The best tea grass like this grows in the natural environment. There are strict picking standards every year. Therefore, the quantity is even more scarce. One gram of tea grass can be sold for immortal gold.

Sipping tea leisurely and contentedly, You Yueqing's mood became extremely good. She looked at Sun Rong's face that looked troubled but was actually very worried. She felt a little funny in her heart.

After about a few minutes, You Yueqing started to intervene: "It seems that classmate Sun Rong still doesn't regard me as a friend. He obviously asked you to call me Xiaoqing. But in the end, he still said You Daochang."

Sun Rong: "No. Xiaoqing, you are thinking too much..."

"You don't have to force yourself to call me that. I understand very well. After all, we are in a competitive relationship. There is nothing wrong with respecting your competitors."

You Yueqing put down the tea cup in her hand. She said elegantly and naturally: "Now I want to hear. What do you think of Wang Ling? For example, what can you detect from him when he is in the apartment? ?"

These words made Sun Rong a little more vigilant.

You Yueqing didn't know the true strength of Wang Ling. But she asked this question...Has she noticed something in Wang Ling?

She was filled with doubts.

After a moment of silence, Sun Rong said: "There was obviously something going on in that apartment. But Wang Ling said there was no problem."

"Yes."

You Yueqing nodded heavily and said: "Obviously he doesn't want us to participate in the investigation together. And he has discovered some clues in the apartment. But Wang Ling's strength is the same as ours. Why does he Do you have the confidence to participate in the investigation alone?"

This question made Sun Rong's throat roll involuntarily. And for the first time, he felt a sharp feeling emanating from You Yueqing's body from the inside out...

She even suspected that You Yueqing might know something.

I was hesitating on how to say this to You Yueqing.

Unexpectedly, You Yueqing smiled slightly at this time: "I know. What do you want to say, classmate Sun Rong. Or maybe you have noticed it, right?"

"What did you notice?"

"That is. Wang Ling is not an ordinary person."

After You Yueqing finished speaking, Sun Rong's brows frowned slightly.

This subtle expression was immediately caught by You Yueqing. After seeing the change in Sun Rong's expression, she further confirmed her thoughts: "Sure enough, you noticed it too. Although Wang Ling has always been He has always kept a low profile and hid it very well. But in fact, if you get closer to him, sooner or later you will find something unusual about him."

"I don't know what Daochang You is talking about..."Sun Rong was confused by what You Yueqing said.

"Don't worry. Classmate Sun Rong. I have no intention of telling anyone about Wang Ling. But now that I see you like this, I feel relieved a lot. You must have been helping him hide it. Right? Or even cover for him?"

You Yueqing laughed: "I'm not stupid. Those birthday gifts Wang Ling gave me all have strange abilities. Just from this, I can tell that he is not an ordinary person. You should be the same as me. Right. Is it something you observe from the details?"

"Um...yeah."

Sun Rong said with an embarrassed face.

The emotions in her heart were mixed and extremely complex.

She never expected that You Yueqing could detect the hidden power of Wang Ling from the details...

And she is completely different from You Yueqing.

Thinking of this, Sun Rong's face couldn't help but glow slightly red.

Because. Wang Ling's secret.

In a sense, Wang Ling told her herself...





Chapter 1845 Who can keep a diary?


Facing the menacing You Yueqing. Sun Rong had the illusion that she couldn't resist it for the first time. She never thought that someone could guess Wang Ling based on her own intuition. of extraordinary.

This woman... is very dangerous. More dangerous than anyone she has dealt with before. She looks innocent but is far less innocent than Jiang Yingying. She is even deeper than Jiugong Liangzi in the city. And she gives people a foggy feeling. Let No matter how attentively one observes, one cannot see through it.

While she was dazed, You Yueqing once again put on her calm and calm look and said: "Now, this is the secret shared by my classmate Sun Rong and me. I don't want to give Wang Ling To cause trouble. So I have kept this secret very well."

She didn't ask how Sun Rong realized Wang Ling's true strength. Instead, she selectively skipped this link.

The main reason is that You Yueqing feels that she and Sun Rong have just met. It would be a bit rude to come to visit tonight without any notice. Therefore, she does not want to be so nosy. She asks endless questions like a curious baby. .

And even if she asked the question, she felt that Sun Rong would not answer her honestly. Nine times out of ten, he would find an excuse that was inconsistent with the facts.

After all, she is not that familiar with Sun Rong yet.

And it's obvious now. Sun Rong is somewhat wary of her.

So judging from the current situation, it's not the time for her to be truly open and honest.

For You Yueqing, helping to investigate the matter of the video blogger Li Xuan is not the key. The key is to use this time to get closer to Wang Ling. and Sun Rong.

And when that time came, it was the time for her to speak.

"What do classmate Sun Rong think about the video blogger?" At this time, You Yueqing asked again.

"Obviously. Wang Ling doesn't want us to get involved. It means that behind this matter, it may be very dangerous." Sun Rong said: "If we forcefully intervene in this matter, I'm afraid we will endanger Wang Ling. It's causing trouble. So...it's better not to do anything."

"That's true."

You Yueqing nodded and said: "But it's okay to do some logistical work. I think it's okay? For example, I recently discovered a mysterious organization. This organization seems to have something to do with Wang Ling. I think it will continue like this in the long run. It would be very dangerous...not conducive to Wang Ling hiding his strength."

"What organization?"

"What's it called...Gray Cult?"

"..."

...

In the apartment of the video blogger Li Xuan. Wang Ling's meeting with the three Royal Eternals is still going on.

Meng Liuli's eyes showed an aurora color. She was working hard to read the dream invasion records of the Dream Clan's shared spiritual space.

"Found it."

About ten minutes later, she took out a wordless jade tube from her sleeve and mapped everything she saw in her mental space onto the jade tube.

"Which family's writing is it?" asked the Skeleton Prince.

"It's still unclear which clan it belongs to. But now the mysterious text I mapped in the jade tube was found in the library of Dongda Emperor's palace." Meng Liuli.

Emperor Dong?

Wang Ling raised an eyebrow.

He had never heard of this name before, but he felt that this person seemed to be something special.

The lion-headed man immediately explained to Wang Ling: "In ancient times, various tribes have been competing against each other. Some tribes with weak strength will form alliance camps in order to survive. In its heyday, it was divided into four major camps. Emperor Dongda was one of them. One."

"What about Dao Ancestor Wang?" At this time, Wang Ying's voice came from Wang Ling's body.

"Dao Ancestor Wang is elusive. He has no interest in joining the disputes between these Eternal Tribes, and he has no interest in leading the Eternal Ones. He only has a small chance of stepping in to mediate when there are irreconcilable conflicts among the various tribes."

The Skeleton Prince said: "This is Dao Ancestor's overall view... Even those self-proclaimed emperors are incomparable. Of course. Being able to become the emperor at that time is naturally unquestionable in terms of strength. Several of us have also relied on them separately. Under the banner of these four great emperors, I also thought about running for the throne, but it was difficult to reach the sky."

"So now it seems that these mysterious texts are most likely written by a certain emperor?" Wang Ying asked instead of Wang Ling.

"uncertain."

Meng Liuli shook her head and said: "Members of my clan once invaded the dream of the master of the Sutra Collection Pavilion in the Imperial Palace of the East. They also found this mysterious text through the dream of the master of the Sutra Collection Pavilion in the Imperial Palace. The information is very complicated. Therefore, the mysterious text may not necessarily have been written by Emperor Dongda. However, it is obvious that Emperor Dongda has deciphered the mysterious text. He also used the mysterious text to write a diary."

"Write a diary?" scene. Wang Ling, Wang Ying, the Skeleton Prince and the lion-headed man all looked puzzled.

"The first half of the jade cylinder contains records of various mysterious texts in the Sutra Pavilion. The content of the second half of the volume was written by Emperor Dong Da. The timeline of the content is later than that of the first half of the volume. So I suspect that Emperor Dong Da deciphered the mysterious texts. It was written later." Meng Liuli said.

A great emperor writes a diary using the mysterious script he just learned. What is this operation?

"So the emperor also writes a diary?"

When the lion-headed man thought of this, he couldn't help but laugh.

"Yes. No serious person would write a diary." The Skeleton Prince also nodded and said.

Having said this, the Skeleton Prince paused and asked: "Lion, do you keep a diary?"

Lion-Headed Man: "Don't write. What about you. Skeleton?"

Skeleton Prince: "How can anyone write the truth in a diary? Can it be called the truth if it is written in a diary?"

The two of them burst into laughter when they said this. They shouted "vile" in unison.

However, Wang Ling had a completely different view on Emperor Dong Dai's behavior of writing a diary in mysterious script.

This clever Eastern Emperor deciphered the mysterious text and wrote a diary in the mysterious text. He must be very confident in the confidentiality of the mysterious text. He even did not believe that anyone would decipher the mysterious text at all.

So, use reverse thinking and logic to think about it. What the Eastern Emperor wrote in his diary may actually be true... it may involve a series of eternal secrets.

Wang Ling I thought that after Meng Liuli retrieved it, I could quickly find out who in the Eternal Tribe was using this mysterious text.

Unexpectedly, Meng Liuli directly searched for the diary of the Eastern Emperor.

So now it seems that there is only one way to crack Wang Ling...

That is to use pupil power to forcibly decode the mysterious text, thereby translating the mysterious text into a language that is closest to modern writing.

However, these mysterious texts are extremely obscure. Wang Ling is worried that during the process of deciphering, his pupils may be subjected to unprecedented high-intensity pressure. If the King's Eyes is damaged, it will not be good.

So for the sake of caution. In order to prevent this from happening. Wang Ling has already thought of a way...

Thinking of this, he raised his palm to the ground and immediately summoned a glass display cabinet.

And what is sealed inside is actually a variety of pupils...

At this point, the Skeleton Prince, Meng Liuli, the Lion-headed Man, and Wang Ying were all stunned.

I saw Wang Ling taking off his King's Eyes with ease. He kept the King's Eyes in a glass display cabinet like replacing contact lenses. Then he took out a new pair of pupils and installed them back into his eye sockets.





Chapter 1846 Wang Ling's divine reflection/92)


There are a total of forty-nine pairs of pupils placed in the display cabinet. This is the variable of Tao. Each eye pupil is born from Tao. It has completely different abilities and can perfectly function in different situations.

Wang Ling was cautious after all. He didn't want King's Eyes to be damaged due to deciphering the mysterious text, so he decided to change the pupils before deciphering.

All the eye pupils in the Shenhu showcase have their own serial numbers. Among them, King's Eyes is ranked 49th.

But now, he directly chose eye pupil Number 01.

"Tao Number 01: The cunning peeping evil eye. The appearance is orange + green aurora color. The pupils are star-shaped. It has the ability to identify all cunning people and cunning things. It can also use the power of cunning for its own use. Use an illusion to blind an object."

Introduction to all gods. Wang Ling knows them all.

The reason why I chose Dao Number 01 is entirely because this is a pair of very powerful illusions. They are very deceptive. Maybe you can directly decipher the content of these mysterious texts without paying attention.

Wang Ling didn't think much after installing it. He just stared at the mysterious words on the jade tube. After reading it repeatedly for five or six minutes, he suddenly closed the jade tube. Then there was a bang. Orange Green eye paste splashed. Road Number 01 actually exploded on the spot like a beef eye from a barbecue stall.

"This..."

The Skeleton Prince, the Lion-headed Man and Meng Liuli all looked horrified at the same time. They never expected to see such a horrifying scene.

But Wang Ling seemed to have known about this situation for a long time. He was extremely calm.

He used the primer technique to close the burst eyelid again. Then he took off the Number 01 eyeball and put it back in the display cabinet.

The Divine Display Cabinet has the effect of repairing eye pupils. However, the damage to eyeball Number 01 was too serious. I am afraid it will take several years to return to its peak.

Wang Ling sighed inwardly. Sure enough, his cautious idea was right. If he used King's Eyes directly, if it was damaged... it would mean that his combat effectiveness would be compromised in a sense. Instead, it would be given to some evil people. You can take advantage of this opportunity to deal with yourself.

King's Eyes is located at Number 49 Road. Although it can be repaired after being damaged, it can be placed in a display cabinet in the city. But it is not known how long it will take to repair King's Eyes...

The farther back the serial number is, the longer the repair time will be.

In fact, Wang Ling's behavior of choosing his pupils to decipher {Dong Dadi's Diary} is also a test of Dong Dadi's own strength.

He could see the strangeness in this {Diary of the Eastern Emperor}. Since this was an emperor-level figure who had commanded a party of Eternals, his strength must be extraordinary. And it was far higher than these Eternals of the royal family. Several levels.

The other party is familiar with the mysterious text and wrote the diary in the mysterious text. This is also a sign of extreme confidence in his own strength. It shows that the other party is not afraid of others seeing the diary. And even if he sees the diary, he cannot decipher it.

To put it bluntly, even if it is really deciphered, it is normal to use the emperor's ability to set some magic traps inside.

For example, Wang Ling just used Dao Number 01 to forcefully test it, and suffered a backlash from a spell trap.

Generally speaking, this situation can only mean that the eyes used by Wang Ling do not have the ability to directly decipher the diary and compete with the spell traps hidden in the diary.

Therefore, for the second time, Wang Ling directly chose Road Number 016. This directly raised the level of the eye pupils by one level.

"Tao Number 016 Pupil: The dazzling Holy Eye of the Dark Forest. The appearance is black and white. The center pupil color is pure white. It has the ability to detect and strike against unknown civilizations. When the unknown civilization tries to cause damage to the Holy Eye. The Holy Eye It will exert its greatest power and counterattack."

After silently reciting the details of Number 16, Wang Ling thought that under the King's Eyes, these eyes should be the most suitable for deciphering the mysterious text. After all, in the understanding of most cultivators, the mysterious text is Belongs to an unknown civilization.

Now Emperor Dong Dadi has written a mysterious text and placed a trap in it. So as long as the Holy Eye is harmed... the defense mechanism will be directly triggered. The mysterious text can be absorbed instantly and the hidden meaning can be analyzed.

Follow the previous steps. Wang Ling continues to stare at the jade cylinder. This time, the mysterious text of {Dong Dadi Diary} recorded on the jade cylinder did not cause any harm to Dao Number 16.

And Wang Ling could clearly feel that the mysterious writings on these jade tubes were floating out of the jade tubes like feathers.

Then... it was floating all over the sky.

"It seems to have been successful." Meng Liuli looked surprised and curious. She was also extremely interested in the contents of the "Diary of the Eastern Emperor". She didn't know what was written in it.

But at this time, Wang Ling seemed to be completely immersed in the world of {Dong Da Diary}. There was no response to the call from the outside world.

The crimson crescent moon hangs high in the sky, illuminating the silent city on an alien land in front of us. Steel fortresses made of dark iron rise one after another, like hills.

Wang Ling I didn’t expect that Dao Number 16 could actually bring such an immersive experience after analyzing the mysterious text of {The Diary of the Eastern Emperor}.

Yes.

At this moment, Wang Ling. Soul Formation has become the appearance of the Eastern Emperor from the Eternal Period. It begins to play the role of the Eastern Emperor in this diary.

At the same time, this is also the first time that Wang Ling has seen the appearance of the ancient world of cultivation in the eons. He once thought that the ancient world of cultivation should be the simplest civilization, full of all kinds of wild beasts, unexplored areas, and terrifying secret realms. . There are also primitive tribes where a hundred schools of thought contend...

It wasn't until this moment that Wang Ling discovered that cultivators from the Eternal Period had already built buildings similar to modern civilization on alien planets. This is a world where ancient and modern times are intertwined and mixed. There are traces of modern architecture. At the same time, they also retain It has the grandeur of ancient buildings.

So from ancient times to the present, it is not evolution, but it indicates a continuation?

Or maybe it's a reincarnation?

Wang Ling was thoughtful.

The Eastern Emperor's Palace still retains the majestic appearance of the imperial city. Wang Ling stood at the top of the city. The beacon fire behind him made half of his face red in the night.

The dark golden robe is embroidered with a red bird pattern. The wide and long sleeves are fluttering high in the strong wind. His sword eyebrows are flying. Emperor Dongda on the Great Wall has his hands behind his back. He exudes a kingly aura that intimidates the world.

His pupils are deep. But they are different from the dark jade-like pupils in the past. At this moment, Dong Dadi's pupils have transformed into the appearance of Dao Number 16. This indicates that Wang Ling is using the pupil technique. Temporarily experience this diary. The life recorded by Emperor Lidong.

"Emperor."

At this time, a young man with skin as fair as jade and long flowing hair came from a distance wielding a sword. He landed directly next to Wang Ling.

All character information, including the following script, were instantly generated in Wang Ling's mind.

This young man is the white-robed steward and military governor of the Dongda Emperor’s palace, Ye Ren.

There was no need for Wang Ling to speak. His body automatically responded to Ye Ren according to the script in the diary: "What's the matter?"

"The envoys of the Western Emperor are here. Do you want to see the emperor? He said that if you want to have a truce, you must agree to all the requests of their envoys..." At this time, Ye Ren said with a bow.





Chapter 1847 The connection of destiny


Sun Rong and You Yueqing discussed for more than an hour how to help Wang Ling better protect themselves. The friendship between girls is sometimes so wonderful. After having a common goal, the two of them They all feel that the distance between them seems to have become much closer.

And Sun Rong also felt that You Yueqing was not as dangerous as he had seen before.

However, she still didn't completely let down her guard.

Even after the conversation, You Yueqing started to use the camera to play the video footage of Sun Rong that the two of them had celebrated their birthday together when they were children. This made Sun Rong extremely envious.

Although I have never seen Wang Ling as a child at Wang Ling's house before. But in the video, little Wang Ling can move! This makes Sun Rong ecstatic.

Little Wang Ling is so cute. Her unsmiling little face was full of helplessness when little You Yueqing held her arm. Just looking at Sun Rong's expression, you can think of Wang Ling at that time. }’s inner thoughts.

I can only say that little Wang Ling is so easy to understand. Even if there is no expression on his face, what bad intentions can a child have... His thoughts are often directly reflected on his face.

You Yueqing skillfully switched while playing the video. This display is not for showing off, but simply for sharing.

Seeing Sun Rong's transfixed look, she immediately said, "Would you like me to make a copy for you later? You can use the AI to change your face. Just change my appearance to the one you had when you were a child."

"Eh? Is this okay?"

Sun Rong looked surprised. At the same time, he didn't expect You Yueqing to say that.

"What's wrong? It's all in the past anyway. Now we are competing fairly." You Yueqing smiled generously. At the same time, it was also very meaningful: "By the way. I remember taking pictures of {{id_00004" before. }}The video that almost destroyed the earth!"

"Destroy...Earth?"

"Yes. He almost fell down when he was a child. Fortunately, my uncle and aunt reacted quickly and pulled him up immediately."

"..."

"I'll look for this video. I remember it's in my camera."

You Yueqing frowned slightly and began to search for related videos. She fiddled with the switching button. Suddenly the video was switched to the scenes taken when she just entered Li Xuan's apartment.

"Wait!" At this time, Sun Rong suddenly reached out and pressed the pause button.

"Eh? Is there something wrong?"

"Look. There seems to be writing on that white wall." Sun Rong said.

"Really?" You Yueqing frowned. She stared at the camera and observed it repeatedly for a long time. Sure enough, she vaguely discovered that on the white wall captured by the camera, there were several characters that were faintly glowing with white light.

However, these characters are not very obvious because they are the same color as the wall. They are also very dim. If you don't look carefully, you can't see them at all.

"What is this?"

Sun Rong said in confusion: "The things that Wang Ling hid from us before are these characters, right? He thinks these characters may be dangerous."

"That should be right."

You Yueqing nodded and said, "But I always feel that these characters look familiar. It seems like I have seen them somewhere."

"Have you seen it?"Sun Rong was even more confused.

"I remember that the owner of the shop once wrote similar characters. But I'm not sure if they are the same type." You Yueqing said.

This is a new clue.

Originally Sun Rong and You Yueqing had decided not to get involved in this matter. However, this accidental discovery suddenly aroused a strong desire for investigation in the two of them.

What's more, what Sun Rong didn't expect is that the mysterious characters on the white wall are actually related to the owner of Fenglei Village. In other words, this old owner may actually be related to the video blogger Li One of the people involved in the accident who suddenly disappeared from the world?

This accidental discovery made both Sun Rong and You Yueqing feel the complexity behind the incident. It was as if a pair of invisible hands were promoting the development of the entire incident.

"We have to go to the village owner and ask." You Yueqing made a decision immediately.

"This is not stable." Sun Rong said: "We still have to be conservative. It's too unstable for just the two of us. Let's do this. I know a few seniors. If we call them together, then we can Keep us safe."

"Senior?" You Yueqing looked suspicious.

Then. Sun Rong immediately took out his mobile phone and sent private message notifications to several people in the core management group of the Office of Strategic Deception.

Zhuo Yi, Monk Jin Deng, Li Xian, Zhang Zhui, Qin Zhong, Xiang Yi, Gu Shunzhi, Wang Zhen, Liu Qingyi...

In just a short moment, Sun Rong was fully informed.

...

On the other side. Wang Ling is still experiencing the eternal past events in the {Dong Dadi Diary}.

The actions and conversations of the body are all carried out automatically. Although he is already in the body and can control the body, he does not act rashly.

If the events recorded in the diary are true, it means that the diary itself represents a real event from the past. Wang Ling feels that if he has any abnormal behavior or behavior that violates the normal behavior in the diary . may change history.

Under the leadership of the white-robed manager Ye Ren, Wang Ling finally saw the envoy sent by the Western Emperor in the main hall of the Eastern Emperor's Palace. The envoy was wearing a pitch-black hood. robe, and a long white beard hanging down to the ground like a waterfall, reaching to the toes.

Even when facing Emperor Dongda, the envoy still showed no fear. He did not take the imperial majesty of Emperor Dongda into consideration at all.

In such an environment, he stretched out his hand from the black robe and showed a silver dagger. There were traces of the nine-headed devil snake on it. It was the symbol of the Western Emperor. It symbolized that he was the Daixi Emperor. Come.

There is no doubt about it. This is an extremely disrespectful and provocative move.

Ye Reng was about to have a seizure, but was suddenly stopped in place by Dong Dadi's wink.

But such an arrogant messenger was obviously something that even Emperor Dong had never seen before.

Then he still sat on the golden and spacious Suzaku King Chair in his imperial posture, accepting the worship of the envoy from the Western Emperor.

"Foreign envoy Yan Sanyang visited Emperor Dongda. May Emperor Dongda be blessed with great blessings."

The sound was not too loud. It echoed in the empty palace. Except for the white-robed steward Ye Ren and several old ministers, the imperial palace, which originally had more than a hundred ministers, seemed extremely empty under the echo of this cry.

Based on the current plot sequence, Wang Ling can be roughly judged. There was a coup in the Eastern Palace not long ago.

Most of the officials in the Eastern Emperor's camp have defected. Now only these few in the main hall are left to negotiate.

Wang Ling is hidden in the body of the Eastern Emperor. Patiently waiting for the next development of the plot.

Then he heard what Yan Sanyang, the envoy from the Western Emperor, said.

Yan Sanyang: "In addition to paying compensation and dividing the Star Territory, my Western Lord has additional requirements. If the Eastern Emperor agrees, we will release all prisoners of war and evacuate the Star Territory immediately."

Hearing this, Emperor Dong Dadi was silent for a moment. Then he spoke. His voice was deep and majestic: "Let's talk and listen."

"I heard that the Eastern Emperor discovered an abandoned palace of the Outer Gods on Youran Planet. It is said that there are heart fragments of a top Outer God inside." Yan Sanyang said: "I, the Western Emperor, requested that the Eastern Emperor will be here in this palace. Things found in the palace of the Outer Gods. Hand them over..."

These words immediately attracted the attention of Wang Ling.

The heart fragment of the top outer god?

Is it the mysterious thing that was later called "Destiny"?

What was it that Dao Ancestor Wang tried his best to seal after he discovered it?





Chapter 1848 Negotiations Collapse


Yan Sanyang's words seemed to be respectful, but in fact they contained a kind of contempt. He did not take the Emperor Dongda in front of him seriously at all. He was very confident in his heart. He was obviously prepared.

Because he is not the only person who is on an envoy to the Eastern Region this time. At this moment, the envoys composed of the commanders of the Western Emperor are waiting outside the Eastern Emperor's Palace in an orderly manner. Dozens of elders are all the elite of the elite.

Everyone has infinite potential. They are the leading geniuses among the ranks of the Eternals. If they can get enough resources, they will definitely become a powerful person in the future. They can even form a tribe to compete for the position of emperor.

Such a terrible sense of oppression is like a dark cloud covering the sun. The water surrounding the Dongda Imperial Palace is sealed. It seems as if it will pour in all the time.

Wang Ling had already noticed this danger when he was on the wall of the Imperial Palace. He had the mentality of watching a show. He didn't know how the Eastern Emperor would deal with it. It was even less clear whether the Eastern Emperor had noticed what was going on outside. Dangerous.

This is a group of terrifying Eternals. Each of them has the power to destroy a tribe at will. It has become a symbol of the watershed between the strength of the East and the West.

In the Eastern Region Imperial Palace, on the supreme Suzaku throne, the Eastern Emperor remained motionless. It was as if he had expected the scene in front of him.

His eyes showed stability and confidence. He glanced at Yan Sanyang, the ambassador from the Western Regions. There was a red bird fire around him. His eyes were scorching, giving people a strong sense of intimidation.

However, Yan Sanyang knew that there was still a lot of backup standing behind him. Even though he was being stared at, he was frightened, but he still had the courage to say: "I hope the Eastern Emperor clearly knows how important this truce agreement is to the Eastern Region. With this This agreement will ensure that our two regions will have good relations and will not interfere with each other for at least a hundred years. It will also give the Eastern Region some opportunities to rest and recuperate."

"If the Eastern Emperor refuses to accept my Western Emperor's love, then what will happen next? The Eastern Emperor had better be prepared."

He put his hands behind his back and said domineeringly. After all, he lost all his patience in the imperial palace and showed a ferocious look.

"Yan Sanyang. Are you threatening my king?" Ye Ren, the white-robed manager, scolded. He couldn't hold it back. The laws of his body surged and auras emerged. He had the urge to kill Yan Sanyang quickly.

At this time, the atmosphere in the imperial palace suddenly cooled down. The two sides facing each other were at war with each other. They looked like they would start fighting at any time.

However, at this moment, the Eastern Emperor suddenly laughed: "Ye Ren, please be patient."

Immediately, he stood up from the supreme throne. With a look of disdain, he glanced at Yan Sanyang condescendingly: "The Western Emperor is so interested in the abandoned palace of the outer gods that I discovered?"

"It's natural."

Yan Sanyang snorted and said.

"Suppose I say that in this palace of the outer gods, I discovered a mysterious thing that can directly destroy an entire region. Do you Western Regions still dare to touch me?" Emperor Dong narrowed his eyes slightly. There was a hint of ruthlessness on his face. color.

Such an expression made Yan Sanyang sweat immediately.

Because this is what the Western Emperor is most worried about...

The Palace of the Outer Gods is the transformation of the Outer Gods, the top powerhouse in the Old Dominator. It embodies all the power of the Outer Gods. Although it is called the tomb of the Outer Gods, it is actually the soul essence of the Outer Gods. If you can successfully explore it, you can find it. . You will definitely get unimaginable benefits...

However, apart from those emperor-level figures and Dao Ancestor Wang, there are probably no other Eternals who dare to break into the Palace of the Outer Gods.

The Western Emperor was obsessed with this Palace of the Outer Gods and wanted to capture it. The most important reason was that he was worried that the Eastern Emperor would get into the Palace of the Outer Gods alone and get something that he couldn't deal with.

The power of those outer gods is powerful. Even if they are dead, the objects in the palace are still astonishingly powerful.

Therefore, what Emperor Dong Dadi said about destroying a region was not a joke. The most likely result is...to die together.

In just a few words, Yan Sanyang was choked to the point of speaking.

But soon. He tried to regain his composure.

Ever since the war began between the East and West regions, the Eastern Emperor has been personally directing the war at the front. Logically speaking, there is no chance to enter the Palace of the Outer Gods to explore its secrets.

Even if you really go in, the interior of the Palace of the Outer Gods is too dangerous. Even if an emperor-level figure goes in without adequate preparation, he will probably have a narrow escape. He will not be able to get out even for a moment.

In such a short time... this is an impossible task. In addition, Emperor Dong Dadi seems to be unscathed. This makes Yan Sanyang even more convinced. This is Emperor Dong Dadi lying to him.

"Emperor Dong Dadi, if you have this ability, then sacrifice it as soon as possible." Above the main hall, Yan Sanyang couldn't help laughing loudly after thinking about everything.

In front of the Supreme Suzaku Throne, Emperor Dong Dadi saw this scene. His eyes became colder and colder. His aura suddenly increased, and he pressed directly on Yan Sanyang: "You are just an envoy. You are not qualified to shout like this with me."

The sound wave transmission, like the cry of a red bird and a phoenix, shook the entire hall with an extremely harsh sound. All the people on Emperor Dongda's side had calm expressions. However, this phoenix cry instantly shocked Yan Sanyang until his seven orifices bled.

The harsh memories kept reverberating in his mind, causing his brain to tumble. He knelt down in the hall on the spot.

"Boom!"

Emperor Dong's body did not move. He just raised one hand and pressed forward. A phantom of a red bird roared out from his sleeves and robes, shocking everyone in the hall.

Under the deafening call of the red bird and phoenix, those outside the Eastern Emperor's Palace were all alarmed. They instantly knew that the negotiations had collapsed.

"Come in! Rescue Yan Envoy! The Western Emperor has an order. Whoever takes the head of the Eastern Emperor can establish himself as the new emperor!" The envoys entrenched outside had already encountered it. Each of them acted as if they had expected this. They were ready. Just waiting for the negotiation to break down, they all rushed into the hall.

However, the strength of the emperor level was extremely astonishing. When they approached the main hall, Yan Sanyang, the envoy sent by the Western Emperor, had died tragically. His face was charred black. He was directly roasted into a charred corpse by the Suzaku fire. His appearance was strange. It was Wrapped in agony and died.

Everything happened too fast. They couldn't keep Yan Sanyang at all.

At this moment, he saw dozens of elders from the Western Region envoys suddenly breaking into the palace of the Eastern Emperor. The Eastern Emperor remained motionless, overlooking the heroes, and fixedly looking at the Wu Yangyang people with the Hydra logo in front of them.

When Ye Ren, the white-robed manager, saw these people, he immediately felt that the situation was not good. These people... are all carefully selected masters from the Western Regions. And each one of them has royal blood. They are powerful contenders for the emperor in the future.

In fact, even Ye Ren would not have thought that the always calm Emperor Dong would kill Yan Sanyang outright. Although Yan Sanyang was the provocation first, once the envoy died, it meant that the negotiation had collapsed.

And at the same time, it also provided this group of elders sent from the Western Region with every excuse to launch a new round of war.

At this time, the few veterans in the Eastern Emperor's Palace, headed by Ye Ren, were treating him seriously. Even though they were facing this irreversible situation, everyone had an attitude of looking forward to death.

This scene made Wang Ling slightly moved. He had never witnessed the struggle of the Eternals with his own eyes. But he never thought that he would see it clearly today.

It's like watching an epic royal war drama. All the contention in front of you is a game of power among these ancient cultivators from the eternal era.





Chapter 1849: Inviting God to Come Up


Wang Ling has never seen what a real emperor looks like. Now the domineering, majestic and tough Emperor Dongda shows when facing invading enemies. It almost perfectly fits what Wang Ling thinks in his mind appearance.

He is aloof. He is not afraid even when facing a group of eternal beings with royal blood. The Suzaku fire in his eyes dims and flickers. There is a powerful chaotic energy flowing along with a secret power all over his body.

This is the original Qi of the Great Emperor. It is actually the same type of substance as the original Qi in Wang Ling's body. Usually only those who hold the emperor's position have it.

It's just that most of the original energy, including the emperor's original energy, has already been formed. It has an upper limit of strength. Wang Ling's original energy is incredible. There is no upper limit at all.

Wang Ling has never felt this kind of power in any Eternal. Including the Skeleton Prince, Lion-headed Man, Meng Liuli and the like...leaving aside these three. Even Monk Jin Deng and Dao Peng Xiren, Ancestor Wang's true disciple, doesn't have this power either.

I can only say that the Great Emperor level is worthy of being the Great Emperor level. It is truly different and extraordinary.

"Who dares to act rashly..."

At this time, Emperor Dong Dadi said to himself. His whole person was enveloped by the Suzaku fire. This is an unintentional and automatic protective ability. Any flying object that comes close to Emperor Dong Dadi, including long-range spells and hidden weapons, will be destroyed the moment it approaches. The red bird fire was burned up.

Then he stared at one of the few women in the queue in front. He muttered: "I didn't expect you to come too. Jiaoyang...you are from the same source as me. But now you turned against me in the enemy's camp. I have forgotten my ancestors. . It's really ridiculous."

Everyone below was stunned. The Goddess of the Sun... this was whom the Western Emperor spent a lot of money to win over. This was the first time that everyone heard that this most famous Immortal Son of the Flame Saint actually had the same origin as the Eastern Emperor.

The Sun Goddess had a calm face. After hearing Emperor Dong's words, she did not show the slightest anger on her face. She still maintained her graceful and charming posture. She took off her hood and stepped forward. That posture made the heroes around her dim.

There is no doubt that the Sun Goddess is a strong contender for the throne of Dongda Emperor this time. She is the woman most likely to directly take the head of Dongda Emperor.

She and Emperor Dong Dadi have the same origin. Naturally, she is very aware of the weaknesses of Emperor Dong Dadi. Even the emperor-level powerhouses cannot be completely invincible. They also have fatal life gates. It's just that they are absolutely invincible. Most people just don't know it.

"A good bird chooses a tree to roost in. The emperor's words are a bit like moral kidnapping. I have not grown up in the Eastern Region since I was a child. I have been wandering around. Apart from some dispensable bloodlines, there is nothing between you and me. Other relationships."

She laughed and stared at Emperor Dong: "As the emperor, you allow people of the same origin to wander and be homeless. Have you ever thought about how many people looked down upon me in the past? Now I only talk here. quick."

"Your father conspired to rebel a long time ago. This is a serious crime. Out of kindness, I only punished your father and exiled your people..." Emperor Dongda spoke. His expression turned pale. It was obvious. The Sun Goddess The words he just said actually touched some of his pain.

The past is unbearable to look back on. It is all in the past. Even Emperor Dong himself never thought that a single thought of kindness would actually ignite this firework of revenge.

"We are gathering today. So many people with imperial connections are gathered here. Emperor, you should know that you have no chance of winning today."

When the Sun Goddess heard the old story, the expression on her face did not change at all. She still maintained a calm posture and looked at Yan Sanyang, who had turned into a charred corpse on the ground. Her eyes were sharp: "The emperor in the west gave you one last chance. It's a pity that you didn't. I didn’t cherish it properly."

"Hmph! The majesty of the emperor. How can I tolerate provocation?"

Emperor Dong's words were cold. He couldn't help but laugh out loud: "Since you all broke into my hall today, I have no choice but to kill you all!"

"Boom!"

The next moment, everyone in the hall tacitly understood each other and moved at the same time. Powerful spiritual energy collided in the air, forming a high pressure. The dome of the entire hall was about to be blown away.

"Do it!"

Someone shouted. The battle has begun. Then everyone has no scruples. Although some people know in their hearts that the Sun Goddess has a great chance of winning. But the battle for the title depends on everyone's ability. If there is a chance to find a leak behind the scenes. The first one to get the head of Emperor Dongda. Then he can also ascend to the throne of Emperor.

At the same time, because of the presence of the Sun Goddess, they have no fear at all when facing the Eastern Emperor. This is the main output, and they only need to interfere from the side.

In their opinion, there are many ways to win. Emperor Dongda has been on the throne for many years. His imperial energy has dried up and he has already entered his twilight years. No one thinks that Emperor Dongda can still be arrogant.

Endless magic weapons flew across the sky, illuminating the top of the imperial palace in a brilliant way. All attacks were focused forward, aiming at Emperor Dongda.

At this moment, the world was silent. All kinds of chaotic atmospheres intertwined, with a smell of death. Ye Ren, the white-robed manager, tried his best to protect him, but was rushed away by the Sun Goddess.

"Nine-tailed Suzaku?" Ye Ren was shocked.

That palm just now. He saw a nine-tailed Suzaku rushing out from the palm of the Sun Goddess. His face turned pale with horror. If Emperor Dong didn't take action in time and used the power of his palm to push him away remotely, that palm just collided with him head-on. Go up. He will be killed directly.

He couldn't believe it. The Goddess of the Sun possesses the Dharma of the Nine-tailed Suzaku... This is the top level of the Suzaku Kung Fu. Even Emperor Dong Dai has never understood it. Now it is only at the level of the Eight-tailed Suzaku.

"That's not the Nine-tailed Suzaku! It's the fake Nine-tailed Suzaku!" A veteran of the East Imperial Palace was surrounded by several people during the battle. He vomited blood, but he could clearly see the scene just now.

He was very sure that there was something different about the nine-tailed Suzaku, because the tails on the back of the Suzaku were not Suzaku feathers, but nine snake heads!

Obviously, before coming here, the Western Emperor lent his power to the Sun Goddess!

She had originally cultivated the six-tailed Suzaku. Now she was blessed by the power of the Western Emperor. No wonder she dared to lead the crowd to directly attack the Eastern Emperor's palace.

At this moment, the Sun Goddess did not shy away. She once again showed the Hydra Suzaku Dharma, sweeping the entire place with a powerful aura. The Dharma Appearance was sacrificed. It shocked the world. With a powerful aura, let Many people in the air were on the verge of falling to the ground.

This pressure is too strong. I am too close to the Sun Goddess. I can't even stabilize my figure flying in the air...

"Defiled the Suzaku bloodline...how dare you do this!" A veteran of the East Emperor Palace was half-kneeling on the ground. He was shocked by the force and his seven holes were bleeding. He was so angry that he was shaking all over.

"This is the power given to me by the emperor of the West. And power is just a tool. As long as I can win."

The face of the Sun Goddess remained unchanged. She looked steadily at the Eastern Emperor in front of her. As soon as the Hydra Suzaku was sacrificed, the impact and crushing feeling of power. The Eastern Emperor was the most intuitive.

In just a moment, he felt the energy and blood surging all over his body. Even the Suzaku fire protection on his body was ineffective.

But what makes Wang Ling feel very strange is that even in the face of the current dead situation, Emperor Dongda still shows no fear.

Could it be said that Emperor Dong Da has another plan?

He was hiding in Dong Da Di's body. He was filled with doubts in his heart.

The situation should be similar to what he reasoned...

After all, there is a relatively complete battle record in {Dong Dadi Diary}. If Dong Dadi died here, I am afraid he would not be able to complete this diary.

And while Wang Ling was thinking, Emperor Dong Dadi suddenly laughed at the goddess of the sun in front of him: "Sun...can I ask? Are you asking a god to come to you?"

"It doesn't count. It's just borrowing power." The Sun Goddess shook her head. She was inexplicably confident. She stared at Emperor Dong with a sinister look: "As long as I can kill you. Even if the emperor of the West wants my body, I have no complaints. But This is the worst possible move...I would rather kill you myself."

"Ha ha..."

To everyone's surprise, Emperor Dongda laughed again when he heard this: "Do you think you are the only one who can ask gods to come to you?"

Speaking of this, he had a thought in his mind.

Immediately, a voice came from Wang Ling's mind: "Master! Why are you still standing there in a daze? Come on me!"

Wang Ling: "???"





Chapter 1850 The history of being calculated


Wang Ling found that he seemed to be younger than the Great Emperor among the Eternals. The innocence of the young man was completely destroyed by the Emperor's cunning at this moment...

He never thought that he would be plotted by Emperor Dongda. He never thought that the history of this "Diary of Emperor Dongda" would be a history that he himself was also designed into.

Originally Wang Ling was worried that his rash actions would change the trajectory of history. But now it seems that Emperor Dong Dadi has obviously planned this.

This made Wang Ling feel extremely strange. He used Dao Number 16 to enter the world of ancient cultivation that {Dong Dadi Diary} was in back then. This is his exclusive secret technique. It can be called a flawless and heaven-defying method.

However, Emperor Dong Da was able to directly peek into the future to this point...

It would be difficult for Emperor Dongda to peek into such a distant future based on his own strength alone. Therefore, Wang Ling suspected that Emperor Dongda must have done something before he got up, so his arrival was predicted.

Such calculations certainly made Wang Ling feel uncomfortable. But in order not to change the trajectory of history, he had to take action on his behalf.

After the war, he must ask Emperor Dong for an explanation.

This is a way to peer into the future across tens of thousands of years. Even an emperor-level figure cannot do it on his own.

At this moment, Emperor Dong's body was officially taken over by Wang Ling. If you observe carefully, you can see that his eyes have obviously changed. Just above the messy imperial palace, a strong aura comes from this person. Released from the body of the Great Emperor.

At this point, the elders of the invading Western Emperor forces, including the Sun Goddess, could clearly feel a chill coming from their backs.

Just after Emperor Dong Dadi said, "Do you think you are the only one who can ask gods to come to you?" Everything changed. The sudden surge of inexplicable and powerful power overwhelmed the entire audience, like a god coming down from the earth.

All those who had just spoken out arrogantly could not help but retreat. A huge sense of fear emerged in their hearts.

This feeling is difficult to describe in words. It is the ultimate depression. It is suffocating.

Wang Ling This is the first time to fight against these countless Eternals with royal bloodline. Especially the sun goddess in front of her who was given part of her power by the Western Emperor and condensed into the Hydra Suzaku.

The opponent's strength has already reached the pseudo-emperor level. He had defeated Emperor Dong before. If Emperor Dong had not felt that the situation was in crisis, it would not have been possible for him to directly "ask the gods to come forward".

"Eastern Emperor, what are you bluffing about? It's just you, why do you ask a god to come over to you?" said an elder from the Western Emperor's influence.

"Yes or no. You will know after you try it." Emperor Dong showed a contemptuous smile.

This is not Wang Ling's reply. It's the process of Wang Ling's manipulation of the body. Dong Dadi is grabbing the wheat.

Such behavior made Wang Ling feel a fire in his heart. But now he has no way not to do it.

Because according to the course of history, all the intruders who broke into the imperial palace in {Eastern Emperor Diary} met a tragic end...but it is obvious that Emperor East omitted some things in the diary.

For example, the matter of "asking a god to come to you". He only mentioned it lightly with a few strokes. He didn't mention a single word. Even Wang Ling couldn't have imagined that the god he invited would be himself.

"It's useless what you do. As long as I, Hydra Suzaku, are here, you will definitely die today." At this time, the Sun Goddess spoke. Her calm expression still showed confidence. Although she observed that Emperor Dong Da had the same thing as before. Quite different. But she thought it was a sign of bluff.

How is it possible to really invite God to take over?

And in such a short period of time...

What kind of god would fall in love with someone else so casually?

"Hahaha. Today we are about to witness history! The new emperor ascends the throne! And she is also a female emperor!" The elder from the Western Emperor's faction who had clamored before echoed and laughed again.

"Boom!"

Wang Ling Without saying a word, he took action directly. With a powerful aura, he grabbed the elder in an attitude of killing a chicken to scare the monkeys. This palm was like a dragnet. It came from a distance and directly triggered the earth under his feet. earthquake.

"In that case, I will take you down first..." At the critical moment, Emperor Dong once again sang a double act with Wang Ling. Wang Ling was responsible for taking action. Emperor Dong was responsible for speaking. The two of them Although there was not much communication, the division of labor was undoubtedly clear at this time.

"With me here, you can never succeed."

The Sun Goddess whispered. The golden light flashed in her eyes, and her whole body burst into blazing light.

She knew very well that Emperor Dong Da's move was to scare the monkeys. He wanted to kill someone who was making noise.

However, in front of her, if Emperor Dong Da succeeds like this, she will definitely lose face.

Buzz!

In an instant, the Hydra Suzaku Dharma released black light in the air. There was a law of darkness and light intertwined into hemp ropes. Finally, it was woven into a dark Suzaku cage, covering all the elders of the Western Emperor under their feet. .

Wang Ling looked at this scene indifferently. The expression on his face was as calm as ever. He didn't take the Sun Goddess's methods seriously at all. He still shot towards that place.

When the palm came close to the Dark Suzaku Cage, the Sun Goddess unexpectedly covered it completely with her palm!

At this moment, the world was silent. The Sun Goddess never thought of the dark Suzaku cage she had woven. The Eastern Emperor actually dared to grab it with his bare hands!

For a moment, there was infinite silence in the air.

After a moment, a powerful spiritual energy gushes out from the palm of Wang Ling. The most powerful Suzaku Dharma appears behind Emperor Dongda. The infinitely bright Suzaku Fire directly burns the Dark Suzaku Cage!

At the same time, with the powerful ripples surging, the elder named Xiao was burned to ashes on the spot. Nothing was left.

"How is this possible..." The Sun Goddess's face turned pale. She had no idea that Emperor Dong Da's Suzaku Dharma had become stronger!

It was obviously the eight-tailed Suzaku before! One less feather than her!

At this moment, everyone was shocked!

No one would have thought that the Suzaku in the sky now actually has eighty-one feathers on its tail!

Just like Kongque. The screen is still on!

"This is no longer a Suzaku...it is the Supreme Light Kongque Ming King! The ultimate form above the nine-tailed Suzaku!" Ye Ren exclaimed. He and the people below him fought bloody battles with the Eastern Emperor Lao Chengdu, who was horrified. Everyone's mouths were wide open. . Can fit a goose egg inside.

In fact, even Wang Ling did not expect that the spirit of his own dharma, that is, the spirit of the universe... could possess the effect of possessing other people's dharma, thereby causing other people's dharma to directly evolve into their ultimate form.

The Supreme Light Kongque King Ming flew across the sky. The strongest law of light impacted. Unlimited destruction was released over the Eastern Region. All the magical weapons of the Western Emperor's forces were accurately exploded at this time!

Wang Ling knew clearly that at this point, there was no chance of survival for these invaders. He stopped taking action. Instead, he returned the sovereignty of his body to Emperor Dongda.

As long as this battle is over, he will dissolve the fusion of the spirit of the universe.

At the same moment, the elders who shouted to seize the throne all turned extremely pale. In a short period of time, they were turned into mummies by the light of King Kongque, and then turned into ashes.

This was a shocking scene. It happened in the blink of an eye.

At this time, all the elders on the Eastern Great Emperor's side were moved. All the tribes and people in the entire imperial territory shouted loudly.

"Eastern Emperor Eternal..."

The huge Eastern Territory was full of people at this time. They were all reciting the four words "Eastern Emperor Eternal".

The Supreme Light King Kongque appeared, giving great encouragement to everyone present.

For the intruders, this is absolutely a disaster. This kind of Dharma is really terrible!

In order to protect the tribes and people of the Eastern Territory, Emperor Dong Dadi was extremely decisive in taking action after receiving the blessing of the power of "asking God to come to his body".

"Boom!"

The next moment, he briefly displayed the law of light of King Kongque. It was like a big sun, releasing countless beams of light. The phoenix chirped between heaven and earth, paving the way for these rays of punishment.

Buzz!

Under the rays of light, dozens more people were directly killed by Emperor Dongda using Kongque Mingwang's Dharma. Then he controlled Kongque Mingwang and tore off all the snake tails behind the Hydra Suzaku Dharma of the Sun Goddess.

The Dharma was damaged. The face of the Sun Goddess turned pale. The pain of body tearing was immediately transmitted simultaneously, causing her to spit out a large mouthful of blood.





Chapter 1851 The Wrath of the Goddess


The huge supreme light Kongque is rising across the sky. The feathers behind it are all spread out. It is like a divine sun rising across the sky. It shines in all directions. It dispels the darkness and brings infinite light.

And when these rays of light broke through the layers of clouds and haze to shine on the ground, the invisible pressure simultaneously made the few survivors in the field tremble.

The Eastern Emperor did not kill them all, but left a few of the weakest alive. He needed someone to witness this history, so that all those who coveted the throne of the Eastern Territory would be warned.

At the same time, Emperor Dong didn't expect that the effect of "inviting a god to the body" would be so good this time... He didn't know who the god he had invited could directly upgrade his Eight-tailed Suzaku to Kongque Mingwang.

Such strength is obviously above the emperor level...

The four great emperors from the east, west, south and north can only be regarded as younger brothers in the face of such hard power.

"Why is this so..."

"I didn't expect that Emperor Dongda would still hide this trick. King Kongque Ming... is so terrifying..."

The few surviving elders from the Western Regions looked pale.

Although they were not dead, they suffered internal injuries and their cultivation levels were set back hundreds of years.

Even if they have royal blood, this is a sign of serious damage to their vitality. It means that they have lost the qualification to compete for the throne.

For the Eastern Emperor, this is definitely a glorious battle. Because the appearance of King Kongque not only deterred foreign enemies, but also consolidated the people's hearts. It proved that the Eastern Emperor's destiny was immortal.

At the same time, those invaders from the Western Region, including the Sun Goddess, would not have thought that the Eastern Emperor, who had always governed the region with kindness, also had a decisive side.

At this time, the Sun Goddess took a few Golden Cores. She attacked the Eastern Emperor again. She never gave up her resistance.

It was a unique secret medicine given to her by Emperor Xi. It could ignore the pain in a short period of time, recover from injuries, and stimulate the potential in the body.

At this moment, the damaged tail of the Hydra Suzaku was also quickly restored by the power of the secret medicine. Those severed snake heads grew wildly again. There were still nine. But the shape of the head had changed. It became more savage than before. Stout.

In the end, these snake heads grew dragon horns. Dragon roars came and went, neighing in the sky. With the blessing of the secret medicine, the Sun Goddess directly entered a violent state. She even ran away with the Dharma!

"The Romance of Dragon and Snake! This is the Nine Dragons and Suzaku!"

In the distance, some people exclaimed. They all showed incredible expressions when faced with the transformation of the Sun Goddess.

At the same time, the Sun Goddess was roaring wantonly. The piercing cry was accompanied by the roar of the dragon. It erupted in that petite body with graceful curves. It seemed a little out of place.

It can be seen that the Sun Goddess is in pain. Because of the secret medicine, her potential has been forced out. Although her combat power has been greatly improved, the powerful medicine in the body also extremely tests the body's tolerance.

She needs to fight while enduring the pain of tearing her body apart.

The monks in the east and west regions were shocked. A few secret pills could actually cause the Dharma to change like a dragon and snake. This secret pill definitely contains the blood of an eternal dragon!

Someone once saw Emperor Xi taking secret medicine to evolve his physical form. This was not as painful as the Sun Goddess.

From that time on, it became a legend that the Western Emperor had a secret medicine containing dragon blood...

Many people can't believe this is true.

Only the power of dragon blood can give Hydra such resonance.

Compared to before, the aura of the Sun Goddess has improved so much in a short period of time.

Emperor Dongda frowned. At this moment, with the Dharma of King Kongque, he was no longer afraid of anything.

Out of the same source of friendship, he saw that the Sun Goddess was trying to adapt to the impact of the secret medicine. He did not take action directly. Instead, he deliberately waited for a while.

Punishing the father of the Sun Goddess for trying to rebel was also a helpless move by the Eastern Emperor. He would not have thought that in the days to come, the Sun Goddess would be targeted by the Emperor of the Western Regions and become a tool for revenge.

At this time, he was filled with emotions, but the arrow was on the string and he had to shoot.

After waiting for a while, the Sun Goddess obviously adapted to the pain. The originally ferocious face turned into the most beautiful look again. She used to be like the rising sun, but now she is exuding embers from the setting sun.

Her snow-white body was covered with traces left by the impact of the secret medicine on her blood vessels, forming faint golden lines that ran down her long and white neck like a print all the way down to her ankles.

At this time, the goddess of the sun carries a strong aura of twilight. It exudes a smell of death that incinerates everything. It is accompanied by the roar of dragons all around.

Almost in the blink of an eye, her body moved. As fast as a beautiful dragon. She instantly jumped in front of Emperor Dong, and aimed at Emperor Dong's head with her whip leg.

"Chi!"

Emperor Dong Dadi reacted quickly. He directly raised his left arm and grabbed the snow-white ankle of the Sun Goddess in his hand. The eyes of the woman in front of him were obviously filled with strong anger and hatred.

She looked calm even when her ankle was grabbed.

It was another blink of an eye. Fire burst out from the beautiful eyes of the Sun Goddess, and she directly damaged her body, burning her ankles off.

The beautiful snow-white feet turned into a ball of ashes in the palm of Emperor Dong Dadi...

Then, her severed foot began to regenerate, returning to its original appearance at a speed visible to the naked eye.

"Dragon Qi protects the body... Even if the head is broken, it can be restored!" The veterans of the Eastern Region were horrified when they saw it. They never expected that the battle would develop to this point.

The next moment, the Sun Goddess took action again. The Nine Dragon Suzaku behind her breathed flames.

Under the cover of the scorching and dazzling fire mist, the Nine Dragons at the end stretched out their long bodies. They used their strongest power to sweep away thousands of armies. They actually formed a body array with their bodies and drilled into the ground of the imperial palace. Deep into the ground of the imperial palace. Deeply rooted in it.

This is extracting the imperial fortune from beneath the Eastern Region. Together with the spiritual veins in the ground, they are also absorbed by the Nine Dragon Array. They become a steady stream of nutrients for the Sun Goddess.

Then. The aura of the Sun Goddess became obviously more powerful.

Everyone was shocked. What kind of terrifying power is this?

People from the east and west regions were all dumbfounded.

There is no doubt that this continuous absorption of underground spiritual veins and imperial destiny is an act that injures the enemy one thousand times and damages oneself eight hundred times. Once the body cannot withstand such pressure, there will be a direct danger of bursting.

But Emperor Dong Dadi suddenly understood what the Sun Goddess was doing at this time.

He sighed.

It turns out that from the very beginning, the Sun Goddess had no intention of surviving...

This is for the purpose of dying directly with him.

Originally, the Eastern Emperor still had a merciful thought and did not want to kill the Sun Goddess.

But now, for the sake of his own people, he had to take action...

He wants to use this Supreme Light Kongque King Ming to eat these nine dragons like earthworms.





Chapter 1852 Whose call?


Geniuses only need one second to remember the address of this website: [] Fastest update! No ads! Nine Dragon Vermillion Bird. The huge nine dragon heads are deeply rooted in the earth. They are like pillars from the sky. They wantonly plunder the destiny of the empire and the underground spiritual veins.

A steady stream of energy is absorbed by the Sun Goddess, causing the energy density of her petite body to continue to increase.

Everyone present felt the grave danger. There is no doubt that this is a means of mutual destruction.

"This woman is crazy..." The surviving royals from the Western Regions were all stunned. However, they were unable to escape at this time. Because their bodies were injured, they could not escape far even if they escaped now.

Once the body of the Sun Goddess explodes, the impact will cover the entire eastern region of the universe, not just the land under their feet. Within this range, all planets will be destroyed.

Emperor Dong's expression gradually became indifferent under the pressure of the Sun Goddess. He took action against the same source. The situation of fratricide was not what he wanted to see.

However, if you are on the throne of the emperor, you must do what you should do as an emperor.

He has no fear at all. He is protected by the supreme light Kongque Dharma, which gives him enough confidence to deal with the current situation.

At this moment, the Eastern Emperor was not angry and proud. He had a kind of majesty as an emperor. He ignored the pressure of the Kowloon encroachment and stood proudly in the sky. His movements were in harmony with the heaven and the earth.

Buzz!

In an instant, a strong light emerged from his body. It was endless light. It radiated from his body. It emanated from the Supreme King Kongque's Dharma. It was endless.

"It's the Emperor's secret power!" Everyone present looked surprised.

The Eastern Emperor is using such power at this time to compete with the Sun Goddess for the destiny and spiritual power of the empire under his feet. Because of his identity as the emperor, and under the situation of operating the Emperor's secret power, there is no need for the complicated things like the Sun Goddess. operate.

He is the master of the Eastern Region. As long as he stands there, he can have an impact, forming a kind of long-range competition.

If we use modern words to make an analogy, the Sun Goddess is like plugging in a network cable. And the Eastern Emperor is connected...the two are competing for network speed together.

No one could have imagined it. The speed of Dong Dadi's long-distance competition was astonishing. He stood proudly in the sky and snatched food from the dragon's mouth. It was as if he was commanding the entire world.

"Chichichichi..."

Accompanied by the sound of countless feathers falling.

The Supreme Light Kongque Mingwang Fa Tong launched a counterattack at the same time. While helping Emperor Dong Da in the fight, he inserted Yu Ling into the backbone of Jiulong.

Underground, Kowloon let out a painful roar, and a huge earthquake formed on the spot.

Emperor Dong Dadi seized the gap, made fist seals with his hands, and stepped on the light. He aimed at the Sun Goddess and punched her away.

A blazing ray of light burst out from his fist seal. It penetrated through eternity and hit the body of the Sun Goddess. It knocked the Sun Goddess away at once.

The power of the punch without any hesitation was so heavy that it was unimaginable. The Goddess of the Sun never expected that the Eastern Emperor was fighting so hard with her for the fate of the empire and his spiritual veins. She could actually be distracted and attack him.

Everyone was shocked.

Everyone felt that they had underestimated the power of the Supreme Light Kongque Ming King after all.

People from the eastern and western regions had forgotten each other at this time. They were discussing the battle situation below. Everyone looked confused.

"This Dharma is so unbelievable...it overwhelms the Nine Dragons and Suzakus. Even if the Sun Goddess swallows the Western Emperor's secret medicine to upgrade it, it will be useless! This King Kongque, the Supreme Light, is invincible!"

"It's really strange. Why did Emperor Dong Dadi's appearance suddenly upgrade...and this was without swallowing the secret medicine? Could it be that he really invited a god to take over?"

"Where does the god come from...above the emperor, it is Dao Ancestor Wang. But Dao Ancestor Wang, old man, how can he take action easily?"

"But with the Supreme King Kongque here, Emperor Dong might be able to become Dao Ancestor Wang's successor..."

The veterans and royal families of the two regions were talking below. They had all forgotten the previous state of hostility. On the one hand, they were attracted by the battle situation in the sky. On the other hand, they were still unable to fight.

After a fight like this, the rest of the fight is completely meaningless.

With the current methods of Edom the Great, it only takes a blink of an eye to destroy them.

A bright fist knocked the Sun Goddess down from the sky. Emperor Dong Dadi seized the opportunity and immediately controlled Kongque Ming Wang Dharma to launch a counterattack.

In just a few seconds, all the imperial destiny and spiritual power that the Nine Dragons had devoured were taken back.

Not only that. Even Kowloon's own energy was plundered by Kongque Mingwang!

Wang Ling watched the battle through the body of Emperor Dong. From a distance, he could see that the nine-headed dragon rooted in the ground began to shrink rapidly. In a short period of time, it was like an earthworm.

The Supreme Light Kongque King Ming Dharma he strengthened for Emperor Dongda is really too powerful...

This is simply a plug-in. There is no need for Emperor Dong to do it himself. He can clear up the entire battle situation in front of him.

Kowloon Suzaku was swallowed directly...

This ending is unbelievable.

She had obviously used the power given by the Western Emperor. The Sun Goddess was still defeated. Her white body was dripping with blood. It was like a white flower oozing with blood.

"Buzz!"

Emperor Dong Dadi walked slowly to the Sun Goddess. Without any hesitation, he raised his hand. The palm of his hand shone with infinitely bright palm prints, spurting towards the Sun Girl.

Under the sight of everyone, the Sun Goddess finally disappeared completely. Melted into the infinite light, leaving no trace...

"It's all over." Emperor Dong Dadi sighed in his heart. At the same time, he thanked Wang Ling: "Thank you, great god, for your help."

"Are you sure?" Wang Ling responded. Be concise and to the point.

"This battle is a battle to establish the country. The Western Emperor has always been cautious. Knowing that my Dharma Prime Minister has been promoted to the Supreme Light Kongque Ming King, he will not be able to attack me in the Eastern Region easily."

The Eastern Emperor slowly said to Wang Ling: "This battle has at least won peace for my people in the Eastern Region for no less than a year. At least during my term of office, other forces will not dare to attack me again." Yu Yu took action."

After saying that, he waved his sleeves and looked at the white-robed manager over there: "Ye Ren, I will leave the rest of the matter to you. Send away all the intruders. They will not be allowed to step in again." I am half a step eastward."

"Yes." Ye Ren bowed.

Before leaving, light flashed at Emperor Dong's fingertips, repairing the injuries of all the veterans who participated in the war in the Eastern Region at the speed of light.

After doing all this, he stepped into the back garden of the imperial palace.

At this point, Wang Ling saw the appearance of the Royal Garden of the Eastern Region Imperial Palace. This was originally a large field of elixirs. But many of them were destroyed during the battle. This made Emperor Dong secretly feel regretful.

But these elixirs. Wang Ling are all despised. The ones included in his King's Pants. Any one of them is much better than these.

Emperor Dong Da came to the Imperial Garden. The purpose was not to take Wang Ling to visit the ruins. Instead, he directly entered the secret passage leading to the underground palace.

That is the location of the Sutra Pavilion under the Dongda Emperor Palace.

According to the records in {Dong Dadi Diary}.

After the war, Emperor Dong Da stayed alone in the Sutra Pavilion for three hours.

After entering the underground Tibetan Scripture Pavilion, Emperor Dong Dadi sat on the futon. He sighed and said, "I know. The great god must have a lot of questions to ask me. So I specially set aside time for the great god to ask questions..."





Chapter 1853 Soul exchange across eternity


It takes a genius to remember the address of this website in one second: [] Fastest update! No ads! Returned to the real world about an hour ago.

On the other side. Sun Rong immediately took You Yueqing to the immortal garden of Lord Diu Lei after notifying everyone. Everyone chose to assemble there.

The two arrived late. When they got there, the nine people who were notified were already sitting neatly in the villa chatting. Xiao Yin was wearing a black suit and serving tea like a butler.

Even the leather shoes are on. No more bare feet.

It seems that he has been trained well by Lord Diu Lei during this period.

You Yueqing didn't know most of the people here. Even after meeting them, she looked confused. But there was one person she couldn't possibly not know.

"Are you that!Zhuo Yi!?" You Yueqing was shocked. She didn't expect to see Zhuo Yi here.

She just heard Sun Rong calling someone. She thought they had the same name. But she didn't expect that the person calling was actually Zhuo Yi... the one who knocked down the fifth-level demon seven years ago. The king's man!

"It's me." Zhuo Yi smiled. He was as friendly as ever.

He took the initiative to shake hands with You Yueqing without any airs.

On the way Sun Rong and You Yueqing came, Sun Rong told Zhuo Yi about You Yueqing. Including You Yueqing guessing Wang Ling based on her own ability Something of extraordinary ability.

It is still necessary to say hello in advance about this matter. It is just to let everyone know about You Yueqing in advance. It does not mean that you should deliberately be wary of anything.

Childhood sweethearts. What bad intentions can there be?

After a simple handshake, Zhuo Yi said: "I have heard about Daoist Master You's reputation. In my department, many of my subordinates once went to Fenglei Village to inquire."

"By the way. Someone from the General Administration of Hundred Schools has been here." You Yueqing also laughed immediately: "But how did General Administration Zhuo know classmate Sun Rong?"

"She is my junior high school girl. I am also from Number 60 High School."

"so it is!"

You Yueqing nodded in sudden realization.

"Others, do you need me to introduce you to you?"

"No need to go to the Zhuo General Administration.

My classmate Sun Rong has already introduced me to me on the way here. I am not face-blind. My memory is very good. I can match the faces of all my seniors. Don’t worry."

"Okay. Now let's get to the point."

Zhuo Yi nodded with satisfaction. Immediately he turned his attention to Monk Jin Deng.

Monk Jin Deng took out a book of "Quotations of the Master of Fenglei Village" without haste.

Sun Rong's eyes widened: "How did Senior Jin Deng get it..."

Monk Jin Deng said with a serious smile: "Before coming, I personally went to Fenglei Village and took out this book {Quotations of the Master of Fenglei Village} that seems to record mysterious characters."

You Yueqing was also stunned: "Then the owner of the village just gave it to you?"

Monk Jin Deng nodded: "The owner of the village has heard of the name of the poor monk. The poor monk only said that he was passing by here for spiritual practice. I can consecrate an item for the owner for free. I didn't expect that the owner of Fenglei Village would give me this quotation without saying a word. But it takes time for a serious consecration. Therefore, the owner of Fenglei Manor also allowed the poor monk to take the quotations back first..."

"Then what if the owner of the village gets something other than this book of quotations..."

"It can't be otherwise."

The monk smiled: "Because I am taking little friend Qin Zhong with me. Also accompanying me are little friends Xiang Yi and Zhang Zhui."

Sun RongShocked: "So if I can't borrow it, I will let Senior Xiang Yi and Senior Zhang steal it..."

"That's wrong."

Zhang Zhui crossed his arms and snorted arrogantly: "We are all cultural people. It's not like I won't return this quote. At most, it's borrowed."

Sun Rong, You Yueqing: "..."

Although it still feels a bit strange somewhere. But at least the seniors working together can do things smoothly.

Sun Rong I remember that there was a private agreement between Xiang Yi and Zhang Zhui before. It was said that they would compare who is the "strongest lock picking king" under the condition of legal compliance.

Originally, the two agreed to provide free locksmith services in their respective designated areas to find residents who could not enter their homes and needed to find a locksmith. Whoever helped more people within the same period of time would receive the reward. This is the title of "The Strongest Lock Picking King".

It's a pity that due to time constraints, the competition between the two has not been completed yet.

Sun RongI don’t know what it means to win this title. But really speaking...sometimes a man’s happiness is such a simple thing.

Just when Sun Rong was stunned, a familiar voice reached her ears.

"The video sent by Daochang You before did contain vaguely mysterious text. And we also compared it with this book of quotations. The fonts of the two are almost the same."

Gu Shunzhi rubbed his eyebrows and said:

"But at present we are not sure that this mysterious text was written by the owner of Fenglei Manor himself."

"Why do you think so?"Sun Rong asked.

"Because the book used to record the sayings of the owner of Fenglei Manor is an ancient relic. It is very thick. It looks like a dictionary. The overall material of the sayings is also very special. Even if 10,000 years have passed, the handwriting on it can still be clearly seen. On the paper Neat as new. Not a single wrinkle."

Gu Shunzhi raised the corner of his mouth and said: "So now we suspect that this book of quotations was used twice by the owner of Fenglei Village. The first half records the mysterious texts. The second half records the words written by the owner of Fenglei Village himself. Quotes."

"So, seniors, can you find a way to decipher the quotations?" You Yueqing sat down and asked. She took a sip of the tea poured by Xiao Yin. She felt that the tea was rich, refreshing and pleasant, which lifted her spirits all of a sudden. A lot.

This is peerless tea. Compared with the tea I drank at Sun Rong's house, it's almost the same. But with Zhuo Yi's current status, You Yueqing thinks it's okay to get such tea. It's strange.

She always thought that Immortal Garden Villa was the home of Zhuo Yi. But if she knew it was Lord Diu Lei's home, I'm afraid You Yueqing would be even more surprised by Sun Rong's connections.

"A few of us took turns to check it before. This mysterious text is indeed very miraculous. It can be deciphered by extraordinary people." Li Xian said. He and the others looked at each other. After all, he did not directly say the Eternal One in front of You Yueqing. thing.

Liu Qingyi took Wang Zhen's arm and said, "So the most likely way to succeed at the moment is to let senior Jin Deng try it."

Speaking of this, Sun Rong also remembered. Monk Jin Deng has a swastika. And there are three groups of Buddha fire protection in the past, present and future. Even if the swastika is damaged due to deciphering the mysterious text, it still Can be repaired through Buddhist fire.

It's just that this kind of temptation also worries Monk Jin Deng. After all, according to what Sun Rong said before, Wang Ling doesn't want anyone to get involved in this matter.

So the monk is still struggling.

Of course. The most important thing is these mysterious texts...

Monk Jin Deng didn't expect that he had lived so many lives and that he still had writings that he had never seen before.

He was worried that after using the swastika, he would sink too deeply and might directly enter into the scenario preset by the mysterious text to form a soul interaction.

If this goes too deep, he may be trapped in this world constructed by mysterious texts and be unable to get out...





Chapter 1854 Soul exchange across eternity


Monk Jin Deng's concerns are not unreasonable. After all, even Wang Ling has issued a warning. He is unwilling to let others get involved in too many things.

However, the person who knows the Eternal One best is the Eternal One after all. Although Wang Ling is invincible in the universe, it is still difficult to clarify some historical secrets and the complexity of the Eternal One in a short period of time.

Eternal affairs are like a complex problem. Even though there are thousands of ways to solve it, there is often only one way to the truth.

After calming down, Monk Jin Deng finally slowly closed his eyes. After a few seconds, when his eyelids reopened, two shining "swastikas" appeared in his pupils.

"Let me, poor monk, take a look at the doorway inside." Monk Jin Deng said in a steady voice.

This is an eternal mysterious text that he has never seen before. There may be certain risks in peeking into it. Perhaps he predicted that his direct probing might cause damage to his eyeballs. He directly wrapped two balls of past Buddha fire in the swastika. Go up. Penetrate the pupil force into it.

No one knew what would happen after Monk Jin Deng’s temptation. Everyone stared at the monk intently. Li Xian, Zhang Zhui, Qin Zhong, and Xiang Yi sat down together around Monk Jin Deng. Circle. These are the four most powerful people here. They form a human spirit formation to protect the monks.

"Is there any danger?" The atmosphere at the scene was far more tense than Sun Rong imagined. In the end, even her breathing became noticeably faster.

"I...I'll do the fortune telling." You Yueqing was also very nervous. She hurriedly took out the turtle shell, half-closed her eyes, and then entered a state of meditation.

When the ancient coins inside the turtle shell made a crisp collision sound, the ancient coins fell from the gap at the bottom of the turtle shell.

then.

Standing firmly on the floor.

"It's an unknown hexagram. The danger is unknown." A surprised look appeared on You Yueqing's face.

She has never encountered such an ancient coin standing upright on the floor after falling from the turtle shell. The probability of this is extremely slim.

In other words, she could not predict anything about Monk Jin Deng.

"How could this happen?" You Yueqing frowned slightly, lost in thought.

In order to eliminate the possibility of coincidence, she stuffed the ancient coins back into the turtle shell and entered an ethereal and peaceful state again, trying to perform fortune telling again.

"bite..."

The second time, the ancient coin fell from the turtle shell. After shaking for a few times, it stood upright on the floor.

"Standing up again..."

Sun Rong also looked at the ancient coin that looked like a straight man of steel. At the same time, he was lost in thought.

Once was a coincidence. Both times he stood on the floor. The probability is too low...

Sun Rong couldn't help sweating on his forehead. The water here is too deep. Maybe they just can't control it!

Such a hexagram has never been seen before. Even You Yueqing did not expect that it would appear twice in succession.

So here we go again. What kind of hexagram is the scariest?

If it were those hexagrams that were very bad, You Yueqing would actually think it was okay.

Therefore, it is always those hexagrams full of unknowns that are the most terrifying.

"Buzz!"

At the same time, in the villa of Wen Immortal Garden, with Monk Jin Deng as the center, a powerful wave came from the monk's body, setting off a powerful psychic wave. At the same time, the monk's swastika was also bleeding. Tears of blood continued to flow from the corners of his eyes.

Obviously, in the process of infiltrating the mysterious text, Swastika has already shown a high load. And it has become an overwhelming situation.

Zhuo Yi, Gu Shunzhi, Wang Zhen, and Liu Qingyi responded quickly. The remaining four people immediately surrounded Sun Rong and You Yueqing to form another human formation. First, protect the safety of the two.

Xiao Yin, on the other hand, was holding a kitchen knife in his hand, as if he was ready to sacrifice his own blood at any time... He, like Er Ha, has entered the ranks of mythical beasts. In addition, he has the unique healing ability of the Silver Wild Horse clan. Xiao Yin The blood is almost a natural healing elixir.

The reaction of this psychic wave was too high, making everyone here think that there might be a big explosion in Lord Diu Lei's villa.

At this moment, monk Jin Deng's temples had veins popping out. He clasped his hands together and shouted angrily. He even forcibly suppressed the spiritual energy wave.

Sun Rong: "Is this suppressed?"

Zhuo Yi: "It seems to be under control. But I always feel that something is wrong."

The remaining people came forward to take a look. They found Monk Jin Deng and the four people who were protecting Monk Jin Deng, Zhang Zhui, Li Xian, Xiang Yi, and Qin Zhong. Everyone seemed to have lost their connection. Their heads were lowered and their eyes were closed. . Although I could feel their even breathing, no matter how much Zhuo Yi shouted, there was no response at all.

"The situation is not good. They may have fallen into this mysterious world." Gu Shunzhi shouted in a deep voice. He expressed his thoughts almost immediately.

"Can this still be an immersive experience?"

"After all, this is a mysterious text that even senior Jin Deng has never seen. It is not surprising to have such power."

Gu Shunzhi frowned: "In such a state, it is difficult to wake them up using normal methods. Moreover, they have entered an unknown world."

"It is currently uncertain whether they have fallen into a state of soul penetration. If they are in a soul penetration state, if they are in danger in that world, they may also suffer heavy losses."

"On the other hand, if they do not follow the script recorded in the mysterious text, it may change the trajectory of the existing world!"

After the analysis, Sun Rong knew immediately that this was a big deal. She felt extremely regretful. She regretted that she should not have listened to Wang Ling and forcefully intervened in this matter.

I was immersed in the scene for about ten seconds. Faced with the situation in front of me, the rest of the people didn't know how to deal with it.

"Is it true that I can't wake you up? Do you want to give me a slap?" Wang Zhen didn't know whether to laugh or cry. In fact, he didn't know whether he could do this. But he couldn't think of any other way at the moment.

He stepped forward without saying a word and directly chose Zhang Zhui.

"Senior Zhang, did you blame Brother Wang Zhen?" Sun Rong asked weakly.

"Not really. I just heard that he had a dark history of stealing people before, so I was a little unhappy." Wang Zhen answered truthfully.

"..." The rest of the people.

"There is nothing we can do. A dead horse is treated as a living horse." Wang Zhen, an expert in art, was bold. As a result, he slapped Zhang Zhui on the face. His whole body instantly felt as if he had been electrocuted. His whole body began to twitch.

"Wang Zhen! Be careful!"

Liu Qingyi looked anxious and rushed forward.

"Don't go. Danger!"

You Yueqing had quick eyesight and quick hands. She immediately took action to pull Liu Qingyi back.

"Sister Qingyi! Taoist Priest You!"

Sun Rong also reacted very quickly. He immediately released Aohai's sword energy. He tried to simulate the sword energy into a long whip to draw the person back.

"Master's wife. It's dangerous!"

Zhuo Yi is secretly speaking something bad. They are also rushing to save people.

But in the end, it was still a step too late. Along with his last heart-rending cry.

The remaining four people, in the form of gourd dolls saving grandpa, connected to Zhang Zhui's body, and entered the world outlined in the mysterious text together...





Chapter 1855 Soul exchange across eternity


In a state of confusion, Sun Rong woke up. Her consciousness was clear. She still remembered what had just happened.

Yes...

In order to save people, a group of them connected with Zhang Zhui's body like the gourd baby saving his grandfather.

Then in the blink of an eye, his body began to twitch as if he had been electrocuted. Under the influence of a mysterious force, his soul was squeezed out of his body and sucked into a vortex full of mystery.

At this time. After Sun Rong woke up, she felt that her body was covered with bandages. She was lying in a place full of light.

Infinite light shines in from the huge floor-to-ceiling windows all around and falls on the bedside. The vermilion gauze curtain moves with the wind. There is a Suzaku mark tattooed on it.

Sun Rong immediately realized that they had entered an unknown area. Just like what monk Jin Deng said at the beginning. I am afraid that they fell into the world outlined in the mysterious text together...

"What should I do?"

Sun Rong stood up. Then he soon realized that this body was not his.

Because she could clearly feel that her chest seemed to be a lot heavier. This was not what she should have at her age.

So even if you don't look in the mirror, Sun Rong clearly knows that your current self is not your true self.

Only the soul is her own.

"Ying'er...Ying'er...are you there?"

The strong sense of strangeness made Sun Rong feel slightly uncomfortable. She tried to call Sun Ying'er. However, she found that Sun Ying'er did not respond at all.

Could it be that this body doesn't belong to her, so the shadow doesn't belong to her either? So she can't resonate with Sun Ying'er?

In other words, in fact, Sun Ying'er also entered this world constructed by mysterious literature and played a certain role?

For a moment. Sun Rong was a little at a loss.

Fortunately, she could feel that the resonance between herself and Aohai was still there. It was on standby.

As long as Sun Rong is willing, Aohai can still be summoned to defend himself at any time.

But now Sun Rong does not dare to act rashly.

"If the world here is like what those seniors said, it is the past world outlined by the Eternal One."

"Then everything I do here that goes against the historical trajectory may change the future."

Sun RongClose your eyes. Lie on the bed. Calm down your thoughts. Analyze the situation in front of you.

The top priority. She needs to know who her role is in this world.

"You're awake. Stop pretending. The emperor spared your life, but that doesn't mean the rest of us have forgiven you." At this time, a magnetic young voice came from the side.

Ye Ren, the white-robed steward next to Emperor Dong Da, walked slowly from the side door. His steps were very soft and his clothes were a little messy. He had obviously just finished handling some important matters, and then came here again covered in dust. .

"Where is the emperor?" Sun Rong asked. This was just following the conversation. Mainly because he wanted to find out his identity.

"Jiaoyang. You are not qualified to take the initiative to see the emperor." Ye Ren said seriously.

Scorching sun?

So. is this her name?

And judging from the current situation, Sun Rong feels that this arrogant man must have made some mistake. Otherwise, he would not have been beaten like this.

The most likely outcome is a fight with the emperor that the white-robed manager calls him. Then at the critical moment of life and death, the man called the emperor lets Jiao Yang live.

After waking up, she entered the body of the lady named "Sun".

But entering the body is obviously not the key.

The key question now is how she should return to the original real world...

"Sorry. I don't remember anything."

Helpless. Sun Rong can only pretend to be a snake. It is impossible to pretend in this situation. On the contrary, it will give people clues.

So amnesia is always a very valid excuse

Since it's amnesia, it wouldn't be too strange if his behavior is different from before.

"You have committed a heinous crime. Do you want to cover it all up with a sentence of amnesia?"

Ye Ren smiled. He put his hands behind his back and stared at her: "You should be able to move now, right? Get up. Follow me to a place. The emperor wants to see you later."

Sun Rong has no choice but to obey. After all, she cannot do anything that goes against the historical trajectory now.

At this time, her body was wrapped in layers of bandages, like a walking mummy. Ye Ren threw a burqa to her. After putting on the burqa, she became even more indistinguishable.

This made Sun Rong slightly startled.

He glanced at Ye Ren dully: "Senior, what I committed was a capital crime?"

"Haha. I can actually become your predecessor to the Sun Goddess. It seems like you really don't remember anything."

Ye Ren's eyes showed a meaningful smile: "In the past, you were so arrogant. You would never be so polite to others. Jiaoyang. Compared with you now, I appreciate your unruly appearance more."

"You haven't answered my question yet." Sun Rong said seriously.

"That's right."

Ye Ren nodded slightly and looked at her: "Since you don't remember anything, I'll tell you. You colluded with the Western Emperor and led a group of Western royal families to try to rebel. If the account is settled, you will die thousands of times. Ten thousand times."

As he spoke, Ye Ren led Sun Rong through the long palace corridor. All the guards here had been removed. Sun Rong saw a mess all around. There were broken walls and rubble everywhere. .Obviously these are the traces left after the battle just now.

Obviously, the decoration style of the room just now was quite modern. Now when we walk to the outside, it is actually an ancient palace-style building. This makes Sun Rong even more surprised by this mysterious world.

Since this mysterious text was written by the Eternal One, Sun Rong deduced from this that he might be trapped in the world where the Eternal One was.

While leading Sun Rong. Ye Ren said: "The emperor finally chose to save your life. At present, only I know. I hope you will not make any more disobedient actions. Otherwise, even Dao Ancestor Wang will not be able to save you. you."

"You have also seen the emperor's supreme light, Kongque Mingwang. It is an invincible existence..."

"So I'm dead in the eyes of others?"

"You were burned to ashes by the light of Kongque Mingwang. This scene was seen by everyone in the Eastern Region. Otherwise, the common people would not be angry." Ye Ren said.

After walking in tandem for about ten minutes, the two finally arrived in front of a locked palace. This was already a relatively well-preserved building in the Dongdai Imperial Palace after the war.

Sun Rong thought Ye Ren would go directly to the door and unlock it. Unexpectedly, the other party did not take out the key. Instead, he directly grabbed the spiritual lock of the palace and began to study it.

Finally, he slowly took out a piece of wire from his sleeve...

"???"

Sun Rong was stunned.

The other party is obviously a member of the emperor. Why do you need to use wire to pick the lock when opening your own palace?

Almost at that moment, Sun Rong suddenly realized it.

She stared at Ye Ren's back and asked tentatively: "Um... are you Senior Xiang Yi or Senior Zhang Zhui?"

As soon as he finished speaking, Ye Ren's back was obviously startled.

Immediately, he turned back to look at Sun Rong with a horrified look on his face: "I'm Zhang Zhui. Could it be that you are... the Sun Rong girl?"





Chapter 1856 Soul exchange across eternity


Confirmed eyes. Met the right person.

Sun Rong never imagined that he would meet Zhang Zhui so quickly.

And the most important thing is that Zhang Zhui disguises himself extremely well.

If it wasn't for his habit of taking out wires casually that betrayed him, I'd be afraid that Sun Rong still wouldn't know that this is Zhang Zhui himself.

Sun Rong determined that the reason why Zhang Zhui was able to disguise himself so well was mainly because Zhang Zhui was originally an Eternal One.

So since he is an eternal person, he should also have some understanding of this period of history.

Of course, there is another situation where Zhang Zhui's memory synchronization of this body is better than hers.

Sun Rong felt that maybe the Sun Goddess had really lost her memory. That’s why she didn’t receive any memories about the Sun Goddess.

"I didn't expect that Miss Sun, you would actually enter the body of the Sun Goddess..."

At this time, even Zhang Zhui was frightened. But fortunately, he finally met someone familiar. This made Zhang Zhui feel relieved at the same time.

However, this greeting made Sun Rong seem a little nervous: "Hey. Is it okay if you don't follow the lines...?"

"Miss Sun, don't worry too much. As long as you complete the prescribed things within the prescribed time and in accordance with the trajectory of history, it will not affect the future."

After Zhang Zhui finished speaking, he couldn't help but sigh: "The key now is how to find the other people and how to get out of this old world of mysterious texts."

"As long as you complete the history recorded in the mysterious text and complete the process as it is, that's it, right?"

"That's the theory."

Zhang Zhui nodded: "But I always feel that this is a plot set up by someone behind the scenes. And this plot has been planned for many years. I'm afraid the purpose behind it is not that simple."

"This is a big move across time lines and space lines. Even that guy Jin Deng couldn't withstand the pressure."

"And there are only a handful of people who have the ability to do this."

"Is it Dao Ancestor Wang?"

"Possible. But no evidence."

Zhang Zhui nodded: "In addition to Dao Ancestor Wang, there is also the possibility of the Four Eternal Emperors under Dao Ancestor Wang."

As he spoke, he tested the keyhole with a wire. After a while, he opened the sealed palace door and led Sun Rong inside.

"I remember. The one I want to see later is a great emperor?" Sun Rong followed and asked.

"It's Emperor Dongda." Zhang Zhui replied. Immediately a look of suspicion appeared on his face: "Strange. Miss Sun's memory is not synchronized at all?"

"Not at all. I can only judge from this injured body that it just went through a big battle. And the original memory of this body has not entered my mind at all."

"It's strange. Apparently after I entered the body of the white-robed manager, his memory synchronized with mine."

"Hey. That's not all the weird things happened. I found that Ying'er is also missing." Sun Rong sighed.

"Sun Ying'er? The Lord of the Void? Your shadow?"

"Yes."

"I'm afraid...it won't be easy..."

Zhang Zhui frowned. Suddenly he felt the complexity of the problem.

"How do you say that?"

"There is a low. But scary possibility."

Zhang Zhui said: "Could it be that the body and spiritual consciousness of this Sun Goddess are separated and synchronized..."

"Senior Zhang means that Ying'er inherited that memory. And all I inherited was this body?"

"That's what it means." Zhang Zhui nodded and said: "If this is really the case, it will be particularly troublesome...This means that before leaving this world, girl Ying'er must be found. Otherwise, it will change the trajectory of history. ."

"Although according to historical records, the Sun Goddess was burned to ashes by the Emperor of the East with the supreme light Kongque Mingwang in front of everyone in the Eastern Region. There are no historical records in the future. But the real situation is that the Sun Goddess is still alive."

"And he was imprisoned in the palace of Emperor Dongda for a long time. He could never get out again."

"But even so, her soul and body have never been separated... If she leaves it alone, I'm afraid it will cause other changes in the future."

Sun Rong While listening to Zhang Zhui's analysis, the expression between his eyebrows became more and more solemn.

She didn't want to cause trouble to Wang Ling. But she didn't expect that her momentary willfulness would lead to the current situation.

"This is a historical necessity. Miss Sun, there is no need to blame yourself and be too nervous. We still have the last trump card, don't we?"

At this time, Zhang Zhui comforted him.

Thinking back to those days, this master thief was once a lover who showed mercy to everyone. Those young girls and young women who still have charm in the eternity were more or less "persecuted" by Zhang Zhui.

Not to mention the thoughts of a little girl like Sun Rong.

Even with a bandage on his face, Zhang Zhui could read it in his eyes.

Very understandable.

"The trump card that Senior Zhang was talking about couldn't be classmate Wang Ling..."

"Who else but Ling Zhenren."

Zhang Zhui smiled bitterly and said, "Previously, Ms. Sun and Daoist You discovered the mysterious text on the white wall. And Ling Zhenren asked you not to get too involved.

"If Ling Zhenren investigates this mysterious text, I think there is a high probability that he will also enter this world and play a certain role."

"So the key now is to find Ling Zhenren."

"But Ling Zhenren doesn't talk much. It's difficult to tell which one is Ling Zhenren."

Zhang Zhui has a headache.

It's like the Werewolf game. There are always new players who are clumsy at talking. They get the identity card but don't know how to analyze the situation. They stay silent throughout the game. In the end, they hold the identity card and are beaten by the wolf.

Since entering the modern world of cultivation, Zhang Zhui has also become obsessed with Werewolf. In Werewolf games, encountering such silent teammates is often the most devastating...

"Go in first. We have to think of another solution for now."

Zhang Zhui sighed. He suddenly felt that the difficulty of this game had skyrocketed.

He brought Sun Rong to the interior of this palace. This was originally the backup heart-nurturing palace of Emperor Dong Da. It has been sealed off on weekdays. Only Ye Ren himself has the key.

So Zhang Zhui actually has a key on his body. But for Zhang Zhui himself, it doesn't matter whether he has a key or not.

Because no matter what kind of lock it is, its wire can open it.

For Zhang Zhui, iron wire is a master key.

This is a secret meeting.

Zhang Zhui brought Sun Rong to the designated location. Then he lowered the gauze curtain on the side.

Sun Rong's figure behind the gauze curtain looked hazy and blurry. It was like Emperor Dong Da had summoned a certain concubine.

No one would have thought that sitting behind the gauze curtain was the goddess of the sun who was reduced to ashes in full view of everyone.

At this time, Zhang Zhui rang the bell. From outside the palace, a palace maid came in carrying a tray with a delicate jade porcelain pot placed on it.

However, the palace maid's walking posture was extremely strange. She seemed to be very uncomfortable with the mass of her chest. She walked with a limp...





Chapter 1857 Soul exchange across eternity


The palace maid was carrying a tray and walked with a staggering posture. Although she didn't show much expression on her face, Sun Rong and Zhang Zhui were still keenly aware of something strange.

The two looked at each other and confirmed their eyes again. They thought that this palace maid might be one of them.

However, not everyone has particularly obvious habit characteristics. And not everyone is like Zhang Zhui. The iron wire is the body.

Therefore, it is difficult to know who is living in this palace maid's body just by judging with the naked eye.

"Are you...Gu Shunzhi's little friend?" At this time, Zhang Zhui asked without hesitation. He just intuitively believed that the body of this palace maid should be a man.

Because it was obvious that the walking posture was wrong. It was suspected that he was troubled by the sudden weight on his chest... And among them, there were only a few men.

If it is Li Xian, Zhang Zhui can feel it immediately. Monk Jin Deng has had the experience of being a woman in countless reincarnations. Therefore, even if he enters a woman's body, there will be no sense of disobedience.

The only ones left are Qin Zhong, Xiang Yi, Gu Shunzhi and Wang Zhen...

Of course, Zhang Zhui was not very familiar with these four people, so he could only guess based on intuition.

As soon as these words were spoken, the palace maid immediately raised her face with an expression as if she was about to cry: "I am Wang Zhen! Not Gu Shunzhi!"

"puff!--"

At that moment, neither Zhang Zhui nor Sun Rong could hold back their laughter.

Wang Zhen's visible grievance combined with his tearful voice made the two people present unable to help laughing.

To be honest, since confirming the relationship with Liu Qingyi, perhaps because of Liu Qingyi's strong performance in love, Wang Zhen occasionally dreams about himself suddenly becoming a woman...

For a straight man, this is simply a huge torture.

But Wang Zhen never thought that he would actually encounter such a thing one day.

Not only did he travel through time, he entered a diary world constructed with mysterious texts.

She even became a maid in the imperial palace...

Wang Zhen's heart was broken.

Moreover, the palace maid's body seemed to be not very good. Wang Zhen had been feeling like vomiting since entering her body.

"It turns out to be brother Wang Zhen. I'm Zhang Zhui. The one sitting inside is Miss Sun. Hey, I didn't expect that the world of eternal cultivation is so big. The three of us can meet here. It's really a kind of fate." Acting" Zhang Zhui of "Ye Ren" couldn't help but sigh.

"We have to find a way back quickly. This body is too weak. I feel like vomiting every now and then. I can't stay in there any longer." Wang Zhen said worriedly.

"Weak? No way."

When Zhang Zhui heard this, he immediately frowned.

"This is a palace maid in the Great Emperor's palace. She is said to be a palace maid, but in fact she is hired by the royal family."

"The identity behind each palace maid is not simple. The one you are wearing now is the saint of the Holy Stone Sect."

"She was sent to the palace for training. Her own strength is not weak. She has the realm of God."

Wang Zhen was immediately dumbfounded when he heard these words: "What? Dao God..."

He was amazed.

In their divine domain, Dao God could be the head of a family... but in the eternal period, Dao God was actually just a palace maid.

But after listening to Zhang Zhui's words, Wang Zhen immediately felt how complex the forces in this ancient era were. It was okay for various sects to actually rush to send their own people to the palace. And it was still in the name of training. How could he listen to him? Did you say that the feudal dynasties in history were completely different?

"So...she is really a saint?"

The look of astonishment on Wang Zhen's face continued: "No wonder I saw some scenes of people worshiping her in my memory. But the memory of this saint seems to be incomplete. The memory after entering the palace is fragmented."

"It should be that something bad happened. It's not necessarily selective amnesia."

Zhang Zhui frowned and said.

According to the memory provided by Ye Ren, he only knew that the backgrounds of these men and women sent into the imperial palace were extraordinary. And he only remembered a few special ones. Not all of them had the right names.

For example, this saint of the Holy Stone Sect has always had a cold face, so she left a particularly deep impression on Ye Ren. And because she doesn't talk much and acts in a low-key manner, Ye Ren's understanding of her is only limited to her. It's just her background.

But at this time, he heard Wang Zhen mention that the saint was weak.

This made the expression on Zhang Zhui's face become suspicious.

He stepped forward and grabbed Wang Zhen's wrist. He held it for a moment. Then the smile on his face gradually grew arrogant: "I see. That's it..."

"What's going on? Stop being the Riddler. I'm almost annoyed to death, Senior Zhang." Wang Zhen asked a little irritably.

"If I'm right, it should be you...oh no, it's your body that's pregnant."

Wang Zhen: "???"

Sun Rong was also dumbfounded: "Then what should we do now? If we never go back, wouldn't it be..."

Zhang Zhui nodded: "That's right. If you never go back, I'm afraid little Wang Zhen will have to experience the pain of giving birth in October."

Wang Zhen: "..."

Regarding Wang Zhen's experience, Zhang Zhui also expressed sympathy: "We were all sent here by the power of the mysterious text. We haven't found a way out yet."

"And except for the three of us, we don't know what role the rest of us play in this world."

"The only way to be saved is to find Ling Zhenren. I believe he must be playing someone here."

"Of course. Ling Zhenren doesn't like words. Finding him will be as difficult as climbing to the sky."

"If you really can't go back...then just make peace with what you have come..."

As he said that, he couldn't help but patted Wang Zhen on the shoulder, with an expression on his face that he was trying to hold back a smile.

When something like this happens to anyone, it is undoubtedly a heavy blow.

No one would have thought that such an oolong would happen.

"Hurry up and straighten your expression. Little friend Wang Zhen, now is not the time for you to cry. We have to act according to the following plot. Otherwise, it will affect the trajectory of history."

He tried to comfort Wang Zhen: "You step aside and collect your emotions first. At least don't let Emperor Dong see it. The emperor of the Eastern Region will be here soon."

"Okay... but Senior Zhang, you must think of something!" Wang Zhen nodded.

"It's natural. As long as I'm here, you and Miss Sun won't be trapped here forever." At this time, Zhang Zhui once again spoke to comfort you.

Neither Sun Rong nor Wang Zhen expected that at the critical moment, Zhang Zhui would turn out to be extremely reliable and have an unexpected side.

Afterwards, the Yangxin Hall immediately became quiet.

The three of them waited for a while in the Yangxin Hall. A veteran accompanying him shouted from outside the hall: "The emperor has arrived!"

An extraordinary and heroic man dressed in the robe of the Suzaku Emperor, with a crown of imperial jade feathers on his head, slowly walked in from outside the Yangxin Hall surrounded by a group of attendants...





Chapter 1858 Soul exchange across eternity


Just a few hours ago. Wang Ling had a "cordial and friendly conversation" with Emperor Dong Da.

Of course. The person who spoke was Wang Ying. And Wang Ling just asked a question for Wang Ying to convey. He was just listening on the side.

This directly caused Emperor Dong to sweat on his back throughout the entire questioning process.

Compared to Wang Ling. Wang Ying doesn't have such a good temper. He doesn't spoil Emperor Dong Dadi either. He shows his extreme temper from beginning to end.

Every sharp question made Emperor Dongda shiver all over.

He once suspected that he might have invited a "God of Zaun" to take over him.

"What you mean is that you also followed other people's instructions and set up this situation. In fact, you don't know who the person who ordered you is. Then you brought me here to have a secret talk. And talk about your ghosts."

In the Sutra Pavilion, Emperor Dong Dadi sat on the futon obediently, accepting Wang Ying's scolding.

"I swear by the dignity of my great emperor. Everything I say is true."

"That man pointed me in a dream. It was just an outline...I couldn't see his appearance clearly."

At this point, Emperor Dong Da himself felt very aggrieved. He couldn't help but sigh: "I thought that after ascending to the throne, I would be invincible under the Dao Ancestor Wang... But unexpectedly, there are mountains beyond the mountains of the path to cultivation."

"Being guided by a powerful person is also something I happened to encounter accidentally. He can make plans across eternity. How can a person with such ability be something that I can spy on."

"So I really know nothing about his identity. Great God should understand...just like me. I also know nothing about your identity."

Hearing this, Wang Ying smiled and said: "Ha. You are holding a bowl of water very evenly. Then let me ask you. Is it possible that this is Dao Ancestor Wang?"

"In terms of his behavior, it doesn't look like what Dao Ancestor Wang did."

Emperor Dongda shook his head and said: "Dao Ancestor has always been provocative in his work. Every movement he makes is earth-shattering and he hopes others will know about it."

"He is confident enough in his strength. That's why he dares to do this."

"Therefore, Dao Ancestor's old man's style. He has always been a fast-break type. Try to decide the outcome in the shortest possible time. Seize the day and night."

"Although the possibility of a long-term layout cannot be ruled out, this possibility is very low in my opinion."

After Wang Ling heard these words in secret, he was unable to refute them for a while.

Because based on what we know so far, Dao Ancestor Wang does seem to have such a personality.

Otherwise, the operation of using the Supreme Corpse Map to find various excuses to imprison all the Eternals he could find in a short period of time would not have happened.

On the surface, this behavior seems to be Dao Ancestor Wang being unreasonable. However, Wang Ling has also made a judgment on this matter before. He believed that Dao Ancestor Wang did this completely intentionally.

There is a great possibility that it is because they are worried that the Eternal One will be destroyed like the Old Dominator and the Dragon Clan. Therefore, they thought of this method to continue the fire.

So Dao Ancestor Wang must have realized something back then and made such an extreme move.

He even went to the extent of ruining his own reputation and causing those Eternals imprisoned in the Corpse Map to have concentrated hatred towards him...

"I've been talking for a long time, just talking useless nonsense! Let me ask you, have you seen Dao Ancestor Wang? Where is this old turtle now? Can you see him?" Wang Ying said impatiently.

Actually called Dao Ancestor Wang old turtle...

Emperor Dong Dadi was shocked. He continued to wipe his sweat.

Sure enough, it was just as he had guessed. This great master is not vain at all. Dao Ancestor Wang...

Otherwise, it would never be possible to speak like this.

"We, the four emperors, have all met Dao Ancestor. How can I put it...he seems to be a kinder person than expected. He is a humble gentleman."

"Said to be Dao Ancestor. But in fact he is not as old as he thought. Full of kindness."

Emperor Dong said with a hint of recollection: "But Dao Ancestor's whereabouts are mysterious. Unless he comes to see us on his own initiative, even the Emperor will not be able to find him."

"Moreover, he never interfered in the affairs between our four emperors. Even if there was a big quarrel, he never intervened."

"So this crisis in the Eastern Territory. I don't think it was Dao Ancestor who did it..."

After asking for a long time, there seemed to be no useful information. Wang Ling and Wang Ying were both a little disappointed.

However, this experience was not completely fruitless.

At least it helps them better understand the structure of the world of cultivation and the distribution of forces in the Eternal Period. It will help in the subsequent construction of Wang Ling regarding the Eternal Utopia.

The scene fell into a long silence.

Emperor Dong Dadi was sweating. Suddenly he asked anxiously: "Master! Master, are you still there..."

Wang Ying: "I've been asking for a long time. You don't have any information. I'm ready to leave."

Emperor Dong: "Don't, Great God! You have to stay a few more days! Tomorrow there will be a meeting of the four emperors at the Trade Star in the Central Region. I also want to write this matter in the diary. If you leave now, just tell me about it. The content is not correct!"

"That's your later diary. Does it have anything to do with us?" Wang Ying chuckled.

"Because I plan to write in my diary. I want to reveal the Supreme Light Kongque Mingwang on the Trading Star... If you leave, won't this matter be impossible? If it can't be done, it will affect the trajectory of history! "

"Then destroy it. I'm tired..."

"Don't! Great God!"

When Emperor Dong Dadi heard that Wang Ying was leaving so decisively, he was so anxious that tears welled up in his eyes: "It's only two days from tomorrow. Please stay for two more days at most!"

"The gathering of the four emperors is very important. Because it involves some compensation payments from the Western Region to our Eastern Region... If we don't show the Dharma and demonstrate, then the Western Emperor will not be afraid of me at all."

It is hard to believe that Emperor Dongda, who was full of imperial majesty in front of outsiders, actually still has this side in the Sutra Pavilion.

Wang Ling couldn't help but sigh inwardly at this lowly and begging look.

But in fact, Wang Ling is still very curious about the world of eternal cultivation.

Moreover, the gathering of the Four Emperors and the events on the trading star also sound very interesting.

I wonder if there is any Eternal World crisp noodles for sale on this trading planet...

So. After another two or three minutes of silence, Wang Ying received a positive reply from Wang Ling, which he conveyed on his behalf.

"Then it will only take two days at most. Once those two days are up, I will leave." Wang Ying said.

"Okay, great master! I, this emperor, would like to thank you..."

"Emperor? Emperor of emperors?" Wang Ying chuckled.

"No way. He's my younger brother's younger brother."

Emperor Dong Dadi reacted quickly: "Brother! I'm counting on you!"

"Who is your eldest brother? You are good at making connections."

Wang Ying couldn't help laughing: "What other plans are there? We seem to have almost finished talking."

"Well. I'm going to meet Jiaoyang later. Brother should know that I didn't execute her before... Of course. If she wants to live in the future, she must not use the identity of the goddess Jiaoyang again."

Emperor Dong Dadi said: "So, I deleted her memory and used the Suzaku Fire to modify her appearance. After the fire marks are healed, she will look completely new."

"And now. I'm going to meet her. And give her a new identity..."

"A daughter of a rebel. Why did you let you do this?" Wang Ying was curious. This is also a question that Wang Ling is curious about.

"Because. She is my daughter..."

"?"





Chapter 1859 Soul exchange across eternity


Things are complicated forever. Wang LingAfter seeing it for real this time, I feel that I have gained a lot of knowledge.

He learned from Emperor Dongda's mouth that Jiaoyang was the child of Emperor Dongda when he was young and an Eternal One who was not of royal blood.

However, due to considerations of identity and environmental factors, he could not directly adopt Jiao Yang.

Therefore, he entrusted Jiaoyang to his good brother Sheng Zihua for adoption.

Externally, it is only said that Sheng Zihua has an extra daughter. No one will doubt it.

So now comes the problem. Since Emperor Dong Dadi has long known that this sun goddess is his daughter.

And he also entrusted his daughter to his trusted brother.

Why was this Sheng Zihua finally exterminated for the crime of rebellion?

This is currently Wang Ling's biggest question after learning the whole story.

But obviously, this matter touched the heart of Emperor Dong Da. He did not continue to ask further questions.

Wang Ling is not a person who likes gossip.

Moreover, he is not interested in this long-lasting story, which is like a house with a mother-in-law and a family.

Now he just wants to know who is this Dao Ancestor Wang.

And who is the mastermind behind this eternal time travel?

Judging from the clues collected so far, Dao Ancestor Wang is just a suspect. It is not necessarily the trap set up by Dao Ancestor Wang.

But besides Dao Ancestor Wang, who else has the ability to do this?

Bai Zhe? Or. Fenmu Shen?

Wang Ling Although he had doubts, he didn't realize that these two people had such layout ability.

Otherwise, I would have defeated him in the previous battles.

Follow the next diary process. Wang Ling The next thing to do is to go with Emperor Dong to the Yangxin Hall to meet the Sun Goddess, whose appearance has completely changed. She has even lost that key memory.

There are so many spiritual energy arrays used for teleportation in the huge imperial palace that it is impossible to count them all. Thousands of spiritual energy arrays are intertwined and linked with each other.

These were all arranged by Emperor Dong Dadi. No one knows the overall layout and structure better than Emperor Dong Dadi. Therefore, wherever you want to go, you can easily complete the teleportation as long as you skillfully use these psychic magic circles.

When Wang Ling arrived at the Yangxin Hall, they found that the Sun Goddess, covered in bandages, was already sitting behind the gauze curtain.

In addition, Ye Ren, the only insider standing outside the curtain, and a palace maid who was most trusted by Emperor Dongda stood quietly in a secret corner, waiting quietly.

The rest of the people all stood in two lines outside the hall, lowering their heads to listen to the announcement.

"This palace maid has an unusual identity. Is she also a member of the royal family?" Wang Ying asked directly.

"That's right. She is a saint from the Holy Stone Sect. She came here to practice." Emperor Dong Dadi replied silently in his heart.

"Oh." Wang Ying agreed lightly.

But his eyes always stayed on this Holy Stone Sect saint.

He didn't know if it was an illusion. He always felt that this saint looked familiar.

In fact, Wang Ying is not the only one who feels this way.

Wang Ling also feels that something is wrong with this saint.

Not only is something wrong with the Saint, but even the Sun Goddess feels something is wrong.

This proud goddess was sitting there. Her obedient sitting posture revealed an uneasy feeling.

This kind of sitting posture. Wang Ling feels a little familiar. I always feel like I have seen it in some scenes.

Sometimes, the smallest details of movements can make people aware that something is wrong.

So Wang Ling's eyes have been fixed on this "Goddess of the Sun", hoping to find some clues from it.

During this process, Sun Rong was also secretly sizing up this Eternal Emperor of the East.

I don’t know why. Sun Rong found that the way Emperor Dong looked at him seemed a little strange...

It was an indescribable kindness.

The first instinct for Sun Rong was that it looked very much like the look in Boss Sun’s eyes when he looked at him.

"Report to the Emperor. Sheng Jiaoyang has been brought here to wait for the Emperor's announcement." After confirming that the door of the Yangxin Hall was closed, he saw that Emperor Dongda was already firmly seated in his seat. Ye Ren immediately bowed and reported.

"Thank you for your hard work, Ye Ren."

Emperor Dong Dadi said: "In addition, Ye Ren, you need to remember that she will no longer be called Sheng Jiaoyang. From now on, she will take my surname. Her surname is Xia and her name is Zi Nian."

"Yes."

Ye Ren nodded.

Then he glanced at the Sun Goddess over there and said, "Why don't you thank the Emperor for the name?"

Sun Rong was in a daze. As a result, Emperor Dong Dadi quickly waved his hand. The expression in his eyes was unusually kind: "That's all. It's just a name. No need to be polite."

After all, he is the white-robed steward of Emperor Dongda. Ye Ren knows more secrets about Emperor Dongda than the other people in the palace.

Therefore, after hearing this name, Zhang Zhui quickly received physical feedback from Ye Ren's body and searched for a memory related to this name.

That was the truth behind the Sheng family's rebellion. It was an extremely cruel history.

However, for Zhang Zhui, who is also an Eternal, it is not so difficult to accept. The various overt and covert struggles and conflicts in the Eternal Era have long made him numb.

And it was because he couldn't afford to play with this group of people that he embarked on a path of no return where he relied on stealing to maintain his life.

But who would have thought that after such a long time, he would not only be reborn in the modern cultivation society, but also serve as an advisor to the entire Songhai City anti-pocket team...

Just when Zhang Zhui was dazed, Emperor Dong Da spoke again: "Tomorrow and the day after, there will be a meeting of the Four Emperors at the Trade Star in the Central Region. Xia Zi Nian will also go with me."

According to the script, Zhang Zhui quickly retorted: "Please think twice, Emperor! Even if you have changed your identity, there are still risks in doing so. Emperor Xi is acting treacherously. What if something goes wrong..."

"It doesn't matter." Dong Dadi said with a calm face: "I just want to slap him in the face in front of him so that he will not have any thoughts or bad thoughts about Zi Nian in the future. Otherwise, my Supreme Light Kongque Ming King. He will burn the Western Region into a human purgatory at any time."

These domineering speeches echoed in the empty hall, making the atmosphere in the venue slightly solemn.

"Okay, Emperor. In that case, please allow me to have the Saint Lady from the Holy Stone Sect as my escort." Zhang Zhui bowed.

"You two are the people I trust most. Among the people accompanying me, I will naturally take them with me and wait."

Emperor Dong Dadi said: "In addition, I am going to Trade Star. I need Ye Ren to find out some news in advance."

"Please give me the emperor's orders." Zhang Zhui agreed.

"I remember that there is a very famous restaurant on the trading star in the Central Territory called Manjiang Tower?"

"There is such a place. Does the emperor want to entertain friends?"

"No. I want to eat it myself..."

Emperor Dong thought for a moment, then cautiously said, "Go and ask the cook over there if he knows how to make crispy noodles."

Sun Rong, Wang Zhen, Zhang Zhui: "???"





Chapter 1860 Soul exchange across eternity


This question was more like a code handover signal from an intelligence agent in a spy movie. All of a sudden, the three people present except Emperor Dong raised their heads.

The three people looked at each other. Although they did not speak, the "Team Communication Technique" had already been activated.

"No way...it can't be such a coincidence..." Wang Zhen winked at Zhang Zhui in the dark.

"Calm down." Zhang Zhui tilted his head and persuaded.

At the same time, there was an expression of disbelief on his face: "Maybe this is sympathy between the strong and the strong. Maybe they share a special hobby. It doesn't necessarily mean that this is Ling Zhenren..."

"So there really were crispy noodles in ancient times?"Sun Rong was curious.

"This...I don't know." Zhang Zhui blushed.

He had no interest in snacks. Although he claimed to have stolen everything before, he was only limited to relatively valuable items.

However, Zhang Zhui still has doubts about whether the Dong Dadi in front of him is Wang Ling. "But the problem is. Ling Zhenren is not that talkative. So whether the Dong Dadi is Ling Zhenren or not, I think we should be more cautious." ."

Hearing this, Sun Rong lowered his head and thought for a while. Then he replied: "Senior Zhang is absolutely right. Classmate Wang Ling is indeed not that talkative. Master of Shadows is not necessarily the case. If classmate Wang Ling and the Master of Shadows are both in the body of Emperor Dong Dai...The person who spoke is most likely the Master of Shadows."

"Another possibility is that classmate Wang Ling is so awesome. I think he must have entered this world constructed by mysterious texts on his own, instead of being passively sucked in like us."

"So if classmate Wang Ling takes the initiative to enter the world, then he may take the initiative to assume the identity of Emperor Dongda. This also means that the body used by classmate Wang Ling also has the consciousness of Emperor Dongda himself. ."

The series of strong analysis was clear and logical. From the logical rationality point of view, there were almost no loopholes. Zhang Zhui was stunned when he heard it.

Indeed.

After eliminating all possibilities, the remaining situation is no longer possible. That is the only answer.

"Awesome Rongrong. Qingyi has always praised you for being smart." After hearing this analysis, the expression on Wang Zhen's face was particularly surprised.

The three of them were secretly having a heated discussion on "Team Communication Technique". Should they go further and verify the identity of the suspected Wang Ling Emperor Dong?

As a result, at this moment, a familiar voice suddenly came over.

"Haha. So it's you guys. I thought you were a little weird..."

This is Wang Ying's voice.

The three of them did not expect that the team's sound transmission technique would be directly monitored by Wang Ling and Wang Ying.

"It's really you, Master of Shadows! That classmate Wang Ling..." Hearing a familiar voice, Sun Rong was immediately surprised.

"He is here too. Emperor Dong Dadi was not always looking at you before. In fact, it was the Lord who was looking at you."

"Classmate Wang Ling. Is he looking at me?"

"It seems that your sitting posture looks a little familiar. Compared to the original appearance of the Sun Goddess, your sitting posture is too cute."

"So that's it..." Sun Rong's face turned slightly red.

She felt a little happy.

"That's right. Besides me and the Lord, there is another person. But this person doesn't know the Lord. It's me who has been delivering messages on the Lord's behalf in this body. Do you understand what I mean?"

"Got it."

The three men nodded immediately.

At this moment, they suddenly heard the rich and magnetic voice of a strange man: "Have you finished recognizing the masters... Next, I have business to do. Since the masters came in with their upper body, Yes. Then please ask the great gods to work together to carry out this drama."

This is the voice of Emperor Dongda.

At this time, Dong Dadi also joined the team voice.

But it was Wang Ling who took the initiative to bring it in.

In conjunction with Wang Ying's explanation to Emperor Dong before Wang Ling came in, Emperor Dong immediately knew what had happened.

Sure enough. Everything was just as Sun Rong guessed.

Wang Ling, Wang Ying entered the body of Dong Dadi at the same time. And Dong Dadi himself also has his own thinking consciousness.

"Now that Emperor Dong Da is here, it will be easy to handle. I wonder if I can ask Emperor Dong how we should get out." Zhang Zhui asked.

Within the team voice technique. Zhang Zhui’s voice is his original voice.

As soon as he opened his mouth, Dong Dadi frowned: "I know you. You are Zhang Zhui."

Zhang Zhui was shocked: "Emperor Dong Dadi actually knows that I am here?"

Emperor Dong: "I didn't expect that you could survive to the world of cultivation after eternity. This is indeed a bit beyond my expectation. Those concubines in my harem, you have stolen a lot."

Hearing this, Zhang Zhui sweated: "You actually know..."

Wang Ling, Wang Zhen, Sun Rong;"..."

Emperor Dong: "I am the Emperor. Of course I know."

Zhang Zhui: "But you seem to have never traced me..."

Emperor Dong: "Why do we need to track you down? I have to thank you instead. You have relieved a lot of my burden."

Everyone: "..."

Dong Dadi: "Forget it. Let's not mention this. You just asked how to get out. In fact, it is very simple to leave the world of my diary. Just cooperate with me to complete the next script."

Sun Rong: "Senior. But the problem is that we are not the only ones trapped in this world. We have other companions who have not been found."

"This is even simpler. Since you have entered my diary, you are playing the characters written in my diary. And any character who has appeared is not a minor character."

Emperor Dong Da replied: "There will be a gathering of the four emperors in the next two days tomorrow. All important figures from the four regions will be present. You should be able to take this opportunity to find your friends."

"This is the last performance. As soon as the performance is over, it will end. You can return to modern times. It will not have any impact on your lives."

"As for the person behind the scenes who planned all this, I have already explained everything that needs to be said to Master Wang Ying. There is no hiding anything. In short, this senior person behind the scenes is not simple. He is a character that even our emperor cannot control. And this This person is not Dao Ancestor Wang."

Zhang Zhui frowned: "There are not many people who can do such a thing. It seems that there is only Dao Ancestor Wang. But you said it is not Dao Ancestor Wang. In the eternal time, is there anyone who can compare with Dao Ancestor Wang?"

"There is a world outside the sky. Even with my current vision, I am not sure that it is not possible at all." Emperor Dong Dadi said this. His brows jumped: "Since Zhang Zhui, you are also the Eternal One, then it should be very clear. Before us, the Eternal One, this The overlords of the universe are not cultivators like us from the old era...Maybe they are not extinct yet. And they are staring at us in the darkness of the abyss."





Chapter 1861 Soul exchange across eternity


The trade star of the Central Region in the Eternal Era actually refers to an entire galaxy. It is also the only rare pure land without power disputes. Cultivators from the forces belonging to the four major regions can conduct free trade here by their own means.

There are all kinds of people from three religions and nine streams. It is a lively area.

There are one hundred and eight stars in the entire trade galaxy. The upcoming gathering of the Four Emperors will focus on the "Trade Central Star".

According to common sense, the emperor's travels were extremely grand. The mythical beast chariot composed of twelve carefully selected mythical beasts was almost the standard equipment for the emperor's travels.

But this time, Dong Dadi didn't know if it was to cater to Wang Ling's consistent style. He did the opposite.

Wearing only casual clothes, we went into action.

The only people he brought with him were the three people who were in the main hall before.

There appear to be four people here. In fact, there are eight...after all, there is one living in each person's body.

In the eyes of Emperor Dong Da, it actually doesn't matter whether other people go or not. As long as the "great god" in his body doesn't leave.

So even though he went on patrol incognito, Emperor Dong Dadi himself had a lot of confidence because of his ability to "invite gods".

In previous years, the Eastern Region would send out many people to serve at the Four Emperors' Gatherings. Among them were all kinds of geniuses sent to the palace by the Eastern Region royal family for training.

And in such a bustling place, it is common for the four regions to poach each other.

Therefore, often after a meeting of the Four Emperors, the people who attended the meeting and the number of people brought there are often different. Even the people brought back will change.

The four regions usually look peaceful and indifferent, but privately they are always fighting a war to plunder talents.

Like this rare confrontation between the Eastern Region and the Western Region, it was also launched based on the war of plundering talents.

If the Sun Goddess hadn't taken refuge with the Western Emperor and willingly became a pawn in the hands of the Western Emperor, I'm afraid the Eastern Emperor wouldn't have been so passive in the early stages of the battle.

Wang Ling actually saw it.

In fact, the four regions and four emperors are still in a situation of mutual checks and balances.

Take this time for example, the battle between the Eastern Region and the Western Region.

Although the Western Emperor gave the Sun Goddess power, she actually did not go to the battlefield to fight in the end.

Even his purpose is only to support the Sun Goddess to ascend to power, rather than directly annexing the Eastern Territory and trying to become the emperor of the Eastern and Western Territories.

It just happens to illustrate the sensitivity of these eternal emperors to the Great Emperor's War.

The snipe and the clam compete for the fisherman's profit.

Judging from the current situation, any domain has actual necessity. And once this check and balance is broken, what will usher in will be an eternal war of cultivators facing the four domains.

The Trade Central Star is filled with ancient cities built from ancient bricks and stone. It is just like the scene that Wang Ling once imagined.

If these buildings were placed in modern times, they would be extremely magnificent relics of ancient cultivators. However, such a scale Wang Ling is indeed rare to see in modern cultivator life.

Even the ruins of the sacred beast King Rakshasa that I visited earlier were just a drop in the bucket compared to the eternal world.

After entering the Trade Central Star, Sun Rong saw some ancient city guards wearing silver armor flying in the air holding various magic weapons. Their expressions were alert and their eyes were sharp. Flying in the air gave people a great sense of majesty. and a sense of oppression.

"Didn't you say that the Central Territory does not belong to any force?"Sun Rong was curious and couldn't help but ask.

"Miss Sun doesn't know something. These ancient city guards were selected by the emperors of the four regions to guard this place. They are found in all galaxies in the central region. And every ancient city guard is of royal blood."

Zhang Zhui introduced: "According to the Four Regions Trade Agreement, the royal families in the Central Region will personally select their own elites and send them here every ten years for rotation."

"This is also a kind of experience. Once the rotation period is over and you return, these members of the royal family and their families will be rewarded by the emperor. That is a benefit that is difficult to explain in words."

These words made Emperor Dongda laugh on the spot: "It seems that you have visited the homes of these royal families."

"That's right." Zhang Zhui admitted generously without any hesitation.

"You are very generous." Wang Ying couldn't help but laugh.

"It's all old news. Is there anything to mention? Besides, I, Zhang Zhui, have always only taken money. I have never done anything to make money or even kill someone based on my realm."

Zhang Zhui said: "Don't look at the peace in the Central Territory. That's because there are these ancient cities guarding it. If you get a treasure in the Central Territory, you will be in danger after leaving the Central Territory. You may be targeted."

"You mean killing people and selling goods?" Wang Ying asked.

"That's right." Zhang Zhui nodded and said: "The ancient times did not have such sound laws as the modern world of cultivation. There are too many unruly people. One earth can still be governed. But the galaxies are so big. There are always things that cannot be restrained. places. And these lawless places are places where all kinds of evil breed."

Several people used "team phonetics" to discuss the matter generously.

In fact, after hearing what Zhang Zhui said Wang Ling, I suddenly became curious about one thing.

That is when they come to attend the gathering of the Four Emperors this time. Will they directly run into Zhang Zhui and Li Xian from the Eternal Era...

After all, they had not yet been imprisoned in the Corpse Map by Dao Ancestor Wang during this period.

The gathering of the Four Emperors is a big event. There are many cultivators from all walks of life who come to watch. At the same time, it will also greatly increase the total transaction volume of the trading galaxy.

Once the total trading volume increases, it means that there will be more cultivators who can find treasures.

These will all become Zhang Zhui's goals.

So. Wang Ling thinks it would be very interesting if we bump into the former Zhang Zhui.

Wang Ling and others settled in a restaurant. To Wang Ling's dismay, the chef in this restaurant did not know how to make crispy noodles.

However, Wang Ling took this opportunity to hear some other secrets.

"Have you heard? The emperor of the Eastern Region showed the supreme light Kongque King Ming's Dharma... It's so terrifying!"

"This shows that the emperors all have trump cards. It's better not to take the initiative to provoke them. Those who covet the throne are simply seeking death."

"However, the emperor of the Western Region seems unconvinced. He plans to sell some of the trophies he won in the previous battle with the Emperor of the Eastern Region at this auction. Those are immortal objects in the Imperial Palace of the Eastern Region. They are priceless!"

"Hahaha. The emperors of the Western Regions didn't even expect that the Eastern Emperor hid this trump card. They must have been furious. They can only find compensation here. "

"But in my opinion, it's not certain whether this search for compensation can be successful."

"Brother, what do you say?"

"It is said that the famous thief Zhang Zhui is about to take action. He said he wants to steal something that the emperor of the Western Regions plans to auction."

"Is this...really fake?"

"It's true. The Central Auction House has received the notice letter from Zhang Zhui."

"..."

Wang Ling and the others were all shocked when they heard this.

They have already seen "Ye Ren" played by Zhang Zhui. They are already lowering their heads and holding their foreheads. Apparently they are unwilling to face the history of the past.

Wang Ling is surprised. In this eternal time, there is still a bad habit of sending theft warning letters?

Deliberately notifying others before stealing things... This is too stupid!





Chapter 1862 Soul exchange across eternity


There is no doubt that this matter is tantamount to a public execution for Zhang Zhui.

Although Wang Ling had some premonition, it still felt extremely magical. After such an eternity, Zhang Zhui actually had to face his dark history again. The mood at this moment must be particularly complicated.

Obviously, at this time, Zhang Zhui had extremely blind confidence in his treasure-stealing methods. He even didn't even take the Emperor seriously.

He even dared to directly steal the things that the Emperor put up for auction. This was truly extremely courageous.

"So in history, was this theft successful?" Wang Zhen couldn't help but asked curiously.

"Of course it was successful." Zhang Zhui said with a somewhat proud expression on his face.

"The Western Emperor didn't want to kill you, senior?" Wang Zhen asked again.

"He wanted to skin me and chop off my hands. But at that time, he underestimated the enemy. He didn't take me seriously at all."

"That's not right. I remember that according to the historical trajectory, this matter did not seem to be successful." At this time, Emperor Dongda questioned.

"Actually, it was a success."

Zhang Zhui chuckled and said: "But in order to save his own face, Emperor Xi used a temporary replica of the fake product and sold it. Afterwards, he ordered someone to recycle the fake product at a high price. He only called me Zhang to the outside world. The robbery failed."

"I, Zhang Zhui, have never failed in the industry. How could I let him spread rumors?"

"At that time, I was so angry that I decided to take precise revenge. As a result, I almost didn't let go of the concubines in Emperor Xi's harem."

"Therefore, although I, Zhang Zhui, have not married, I should have left many heirs."

"..."

"I found Senior Zhang. You can survive...it's really a miracle."

In the team voice skills. Sun Rong couldn’t help but like it.

It stands to reason that Zhang Zhui's strength at this time has not yet reached its peak. But he actually survived the emperor's pursuit. This is really not easy.

Trade Central Star. Central Auction House. This is the largest auction house integrating 108 stars in the entire trade galaxy. All treasures and big deals on the trade star will be gathered here.

There was still some time before the gathering of the Four Emperors. Emperor Dong Dadi decided to come to the auction house to join in the fun.

This is something that is part of the historical trajectory. So it’s impossible not to do it.

The magnificent palace with its carved beams and painted buildings occupies a vast area.

Wang Ling saw several real door-keeper beasts that were not angry and fearful. They were squatting at the gate under the guidance of the auction house manager.

"The eternal lion dragon beast... I have seen it in the classics at home." Wang Zhen marveled.

As the name suggests, this lion dragon beast has the head of a lion and the tail of a dragon. It is huge in size, like two hills.

It is a famous mythical beast throughout the ages. It is extremely difficult to tame. But once it is successfully tamed, it will be loyal to its master and never leave.

It is not easy for a capable person to tame one.

Every time the Central Auction House holds an auction, there are four domesticated eternal lion dragon beasts guarding the entrance to the palace.

This shows the power of the boss behind this auction house.

"A few years ago, I remember that there were only two lion dragon beasts in front of the gate. Unexpectedly, there are already four this year. And they are all adults. The boss of the Central Auction House is really powerful."

An old woman with her snow-white hair tied up high stepped out of a bronze chariot on crutches. She had a kind face and was not angry and proud. She was a secret top expert.

Wang LingYou can tell how extraordinary this old woman is with just one glance.

At the very least, he is a master of the Ancestor Realm. And he has just entered the realm of Dao Ancestor.

"This is the headmaster of the Immortal Mountain Sect. Mrs. Shanxiu." Zhang Zhui introduced this person's identity.

"It turns out he is the headmaster. No wonder he has extraordinary bearing." Sun Rong praised.

The cultivators of the Eternal Period have retained the most primitive style of cultivators. They come in all shapes and sizes, which is very different from the modern cultivating society.

This is definitely not something you can see in school textbooks in the modern world of cultivation.

Seeing with your eyes and feeling with your heart are of great help and enlightenment.

"Welcome Mrs. Shanxiu." As soon as the auction house manager in front of the door saw the old woman, he immediately knew the old woman's identity and bowed.

Mrs. Shanxiu nodded slightly with a kind face. She glanced at the four gatekeeper beasts, and then walked in slowly.

Even a strong person in the ancestral realm can still feel a slight pressure when facing four huge gate-holding beasts.

Even the masters of the ancestral realm were like this. The others who entered the auction house were even more frightened.

"So scary..."

"Don't worry. These lion dragon beasts are domesticated. They don't have orders and won't attack people on their own initiative."

An insider said when passing by the door: "They guard the door. They have a very good deterrent effect. They are also a kind of screening. People who are too weak are not qualified to enter the central auction house. They will be fainted just after passing the door."

"so it is."

The passers-by on the side heard this and nodded quickly: "But I still don't understand something. Why are there four of them at the door this time..."

"It is said that the famous thief Zhang Zhui is coming to steal the emperor's auction items today. Two more were added temporarily."

Wang LingEveryone: "..."

Inside the team's sound transmission technique. Emperor Dong Dadi was puzzled: "It will be no problem for you to enter with Li Ren's body. Given your level at that time, can you successfully enter the auction house? There is only one entrance to the Central Auction House. The entire The rest of the temple is protected by a barrier. If you want to go inside, you can only go through the main entrance."

"Indeed it is."

In a daze, Zhang Zhui also felt that his memory seemed to be a little confused: "In my memory, it was very smooth when I first entered the Central Auction House. There were not so many gatekeepers at all."

"So. I have always wondered if you were bragging." Emperor Dong Dadi was speechless.

He never had a good impression of Zhang Zhui.

The only good impression he had was limited to Zhang Zhui's experience of harming Emperor Xi's concubines in subsequent history.

Although a small number of Emperor Dongda's own harem concubines were harmed by Zhang Zhui.

But Zhang Zhui was a disaster. He did not leave any seeds of his own to sprout in the Eastern Region Imperial Palace next year...

Unlike the West Dadi side, it was already a vast prairie.

"Are you bragging? We'll find out later." Zhang Zhui chuckled.

"Forget it. Let's not talk about this for now. Let's talk about it after we go in." Dong Dadi waved his hand, too lazy to argue with Zhang Zhui.

Wearing casual clothes, they entered pretending to be passers-by cultivators. The "Eastern Emperor" played by Wang Ling was at the forefront.

At that moment, Wang Ling could feel the eyes of the auction house administrator focusing on him as he set off. The four lion dragon beasts at the town gate also focused their attention on him.

It was a shock. Everyone who entered the Central Auction House would experience this baptism of staring eyes to prove that they were worthy enough to enter the auction house and participate in transactions.

But something unexpected happened.

Just when the sight of these four lion dragon beasts fell on Wang Ling, a terrifying and dangerous aura instantly rebounded!

All spiritual pressure and sight pressure are ineffective against Wang Ling. This will instead trigger Wang Ling's ability to passively reflect pressure...

Just a moment.

The four lion dragon beasts that guarded the gate all had their eyes widened and started to sweat profusely.

Since there are so many people entering the industry at the same time, they have no idea who is reflecting this pressure.

It's just that they can clearly feel that when the person passes by the gate, it seems as if a machete is directly placed on their necks, making them feel chilled all over.

Boom...

Just after Wang Ling entered the auction house, there was a roar of huge objects falling to the ground in front of the door.

The movement was so huge that it made the ground beneath my feet tremble.

Wang LingUnexpectedly, he just passed the gate. He actually scared four lions and dragon beasts alive.

He sighed in his heart.

This is too wasteful.

What kind of mythical beasts are they...

Not as strong as his Er Ha.





Chapter 1863 Soul exchange across eternity


The gatekeeper beast suddenly fell to the ground. Not one of the four lion dragon beasts was left. They were all foaming at the mouth and twitching on the ground. No one knew what happened.

However, even so, the management of the Central Auction House is still only in an orderly manner. The auction house is usually prepared for emergency plans like this. However, it is a bit rare to face the situation where all the gatekeeper beasts are knocked down at once.

One of the administrators was wearing a cheongsam. A tall woman with an almost perfect figure, holding a communication jade, began to conduct on-site command.

She is the administrator of the Central Auction House. Her name is Chen Yanan. She is responsible for all matters maintaining the order of the auction house.

"One group listens to my order. Immediately use the backup gatekeeper beasts. The second group moves all four lion dragon beasts away. Don't cause congestion in front of the auction house."

Chen Yanan responded quickly. She spoke very quickly: "In addition, this matter needs to be reported to the president. I will personally find the president to report the situation. During this period, the order maintenance and replacement work in front of the door will be under the command of the deputy administrator."

After Wang Ling entered the auction house, he immediately heard all the arrangements in front of the door. It can only be said that the Central Auction House is more powerful than he imagined.

After all, this was during the gathering of the Four Emperors. Such a mistake in guarding the gate beast was a serious accident.

However, the Central Auction House did not panic due to unexpected situations. This shows that its contingency plans are well prepared.

But after something like this happened, there were suddenly more topics to discuss in the auction house hall. It instantly became more lively.

"It's strange. These four lion dragon beasts are full of energy. They have grown fat and strong. They don't look like they are sick. Why did they faint suddenly?"

"Didn't Zhang Zhui say he was going to steal the items from Emperor Xi's auction today? Maybe he did it."

"That's right! It must be Zhang Zhui! Maybe he has already sneaked in!"

"But that's not right. Is Zhang Zhui's realm that strong? Even if he moves his hand, is it possible to knock down four mythical beasts at once?"

"God knows. He's been sneaking around all day long. He might have stolen some secret medicine. It's not necessarily that his strength increased instantly."

Several cultivators who came to participate in the auction were communicating loudly in the hall. Zhang Zhui, who played Li Ren, was heard sweating profusely.

Now, he finally knew why there weren't so many gatekeeper beasts in front of the door when he came here...

And he also knew why, after the auction, he was not only being pursued by the Western Emperor, but also by the president of the Central Auction House.

This bank manager is an avid lover of lions and dragons. He loves the four lions and dragons he raises. Now the crowd's discussion directly puts the blame on his head. It's no wonder that the bank manager hates himself.

At this time, a spiritual light appeared in the sky. Above a huge cloud, a young man wearing golden armor came across the sky holding the Iron Throne. He was extremely domineering.

On each side of him stood a woman with a snake body. They were originally from the human race, but they willingly accepted the implantation spell of the Western Emperor. They were implanted with the blood of a sacred beast called the snake god, and then turned into the half-orcs. condition.

They have graceful figures. They stand side by side. They don't care about other people's eyes at all. They only concentrate on serving the young man in golden armor.

"This is...King Tiankun under Emperor Xi!"

Someone exclaimed, recognizing the origin of this person.

This Iron Throne was given by the Western Emperor. It means that in the palace of the Western Region Imperial Palace, King Tiankun does not need to worship. He can sit on an equal footing with the Western Emperor in the palace.

No one can have the same treatment as King Tiankun.

This is the general who guards the order of the Western Region for the Western Emperor and pacifies the wars of all parties. He is regarded as the symbol and representative of the Western Emperor. No one expected that King Tiankun would also come to the Central Auction House this time.

"I heard that someone wants to cause trouble at this auction. I want to see if Zhang Zhui can steal the immortal stone that I, Emperor Xi, want to sell under my nose." He sneered. Stepping through the door, you walk like a dragon and a tiger. You are so domineering.

In the hall, all forces gathered together. People came in batches. They had distinguished status. They were all well-known figures.

Wang Ling had a premonition. He felt that among the other friends who entered this world and were scattered in various places, some of them must be in the auction house at this time.

The key lies in how to distinguish them accurately.

Wang Ling looked at everyone here with a trace of laziness.

Then Emperor Dong Dadi led everyone into a private room on the upper floor.

This is a VIP room. It is a must-have in the auction house. It is impossible to sit here without certain financial resources. As soon as he opened the door and walked in. Sun Rong was already deeply attracted by the dazzling array of exquisite jade porcelain in front of him.

Eternal things are extraordinary, making her always have a deep curiosity.

"Sir, if you want to sit here, you must ensure that you buy at least one treasure in this auction." At this time, Wang Ling heard the voice of the administrator who was commanding order at the door.

Chen Yanan had never met Emperor Dong Dadi. Facing Emperor Dong Dadi who was on patrol incognito this time, she didn't even know what the background of this plainly dressed young man in front of her was.

So she reminded her loudly. She kindly told Wang Ling that there is a minimum consumption in this private room. You must ensure that you buy a treasure in this auction house before you can take a seat.

"I understand the rules." Dong Dadi smiled and waved his hand, indicating to Zhang Zhui to pay.

Li Ren had already prepared all the expenses for this meeting of the Four Emperors in his storage bag.

The currency of eternal cultivators is the Hunling Stone. A kind of spiritual stone that combines the power of chaos. It is an extinct product in modern cultivating society.

Zhang Zhui did not hesitate. He directly paid Chen Yanan a full 100 million mixed spirit stones as a deposit for the private room.

If they fail to take at least one item in the end, the deposit is non-refundable.

"Sir, you are generous." Chen Yanan nodded with satisfaction.

She just acted according to the rules. She didn't mean to look down on anyone. After all, the status of people who can enter this auction house is not simple.

After receiving the deposit, Chen Yanan personally escorted Wang Ling and others in. Then she bowed at the door before slowly walking away.

"She is an administrator of the Central Auction House. She doesn't know her seniors?" Sun Rong is incredible.

"People in the imperial palace seldom go out. It's normal if they don't know each other. Li Ren is the personal guard of Emperor Dong. Outsiders know even less."

Zhang Zhui replied in the team phonetics: "In addition, even if you are lucky enough to see the emperor, most people are not strong enough to see the emperor's true face clearly."

This answer made Sun Rong understand instantly.

This effect is similar to Wang Ling's "Great Shielding Technique".

Emperor Dong: "We just spent 100 million. How much is left now?"

In the private room, Zhang Zhui immediately imitated Li Ren and replied: "Go back to the emperor. There are still two billion mixed spirit stones left."

Emperor Dong was shocked: "But I remember that I asked Li Ren to prepare only 500 million..."

Zhang Zhui chuckled: "That's right. I couldn't hold it back just now, so I went a little smoother... Everyone should go a little more smoothly. I shouldn't notice it."

"..."

Wang Ling, Wang Ying, Wang Zhen, Sun Rong.

As expected of you!

Sun Rong dumbfounded: "Senior Zhang. I thought you had changed... This is bad behavior!"

Zhang Zhui couldn't help but sigh: "Hey. Under the influence of the rule of law in modern cultivation society, except when necessary to perform tasks, I haven't done such sneaky things for a long time. But once I return to this eternal life, I still have a little tolerance. No, it's a conditioned reflex. You can't blame me entirely. It's okay. If the money is not used later, I will donate it all. It will be robbed from the rich and given to the poor!"





Chapter 1864 Soul exchange across eternity


Gathering wool easily. This is Zhang Zhui's old habit.

According to the experimental data conducted by senior officials of the Office of Strategic Deception on Zhang Zhui several times before.

Zhang Zhui's hands and brain are completely separate.

In other words, when Zhang Zhui was harvesting wool, seven out of ten times it was purely a "passive skill" that suddenly activated.

Walking on the street is a good thing. From the street to the end of the street, there will always be some extra things in my pocket that even Zhang Zhui has no impression of.

Everyone was helpless about this. Although they had tried their best to help Zhang Zhui correct this bad habit, Zhang Zhui still occasionally couldn't help it.

"Senior Zhang's ability to pull things off has always been amazing."

Sun Rong smiled helplessly: "But if Senior Zhang does this, will it really not affect the trajectory of history?"

"Absolutely not."

Emperor Dong Dadi also laughed: "Today's auction house, Zhang Zhui from the Eternal Period is also present. Even if others find that something is missing, they will eventually think that it was Zhang Zhui from the Eternal Period who did it."

Everyone: "..."

This is a way for me to blame myself. Wang Ling feels like I will live for a long time.

The trajectory of history. The inevitability of history...

Wang Ling was hiding in Dong Dadi's body and carefully pondering the above two points. He became increasingly curious about the manipulator behind the scenes.

He has rarely had the experience of being "arranged" by others in this way.

Although I felt a little unhappy in my heart, I also had a rare sense of freshness.

If the other party has such an ability to trick him, does that mean that this person has the strength to fight with him?

He was not very curious.

What Bai Zhe. What Fenmu Shen.

He hasn't paid any attention to these stinky fish and rotten shrimps.

As a progressive young man under the positive modern social education system, Wang Ling feels that he should be aligned with the longer-term future. And he always has expectations for the future.

Looking forward to the emergence of someone who can truly let him unlock all the seals and have a hearty fight.

"Tianzi Room 1. Who is that person? I always feel that there is something special."

In Room 9 opposite, King Tiankun, the representative of the Western Emperor, spoke calmly.

The snake maid next to him bent down and asked, "Do you want to check your identity?"

King Tiankun thought for a while, then waved his hand: "That's all. Those who have the financial resources to sit in this private room are not ordinary people. There is no need to deliberately test who the other party is. You can see the real story when the auction starts. "

He stared intently at the private room where Wang Ling and others were, showing some interest.

Soon the auction started. A young man wearing a black burqa and the auction administrator Ms. Chen Yanan took the stage to preside.

Such a young man served as the auctioneer of this auction. This surprised many people.

"You're too young. For such an important auction during the gathering of the Four Emperors, you actually let a stupid young man be the auctioneer?"

"If the object to be auctioned later is a treasure of heaven and earth, will he faint as soon as he touches it?"

"Don't underestimate this little brother. His name is Liu Renwen. I heard he is the son of the president of the Central Auction House. He became a saint at the age of 9. He is stronger than many of you here."

When he spoke, many people immediately fell silent.

Sanctification of the body at the age of nine...what is this concept?

There is no doubt that this is a genius!

The identity of the president of the Central Auction House has always been an extremely mysterious existence in the minds of many people.

But they never thought that the president's son would be so rebellious.

My son's qualifications are like this. Isn't my talent even more amazing...

Wang Ling is sitting in the VIP room on the upper floor with a panoramic view.

There are auction houses like this in the modern cultivation society. However, Wang Ling has never been interested in the magic weapons in the auction. None of them can beat the items in his King's Pants.

"Can I temporarily join the item auction?" Wang Ying asked.

This is not allowed in modern cultivation society.

Modern cultivators are very particular about regulations and systems. They require all prepared items to be auctioned to be strictly authenticated and confirmed in advance. It is never allowed to join the auction of objects midway.

Because doing so will run a huge risk of defective products and counterfeit goods. You must know that it is very difficult to complete the identification of a magic weapon in a very short time.

This is a great test of the appraiser's ability. Once the appraisal is wrong, defective and fake goods will be sold.

So in modern society, the vitality of this auction house has come to an end.

But obviously. In the eternal world.

Auction houses don't have that many complicated rules.

After hearing Wang Ying's question, Dong Dadi immediately answered in the team voice: "Of course. But there are requirements for the objects to be auctioned. What. Do you want to add something to participate in the auction?"

"Won't it affect the historical trajectory?" Wang Ying asked cautiously.

"No." Dong Dadi shook his head without thinking.

After receiving the reply, Wang Ying also received instructions from Wang Ling. He continued to communicate with Dong Dadi: "Okay. I will give you something later. Go up and sell it."

The words had just finished speaking in the private room here. The first item from the auction house had already been brought to the stage.

It was a very exquisite vessel. It was bowl-shaped. It was completely transparent. It was made of jade-like material. Even its luster was very similar. But it was definitely not an ordinary jade bowl. It was an immortal magic weapon bred from chaos!

"A natural bowl of all things. A treasure born from chaos! Contains 20% chaos concentration!" Liu Renwen, the bank president's son, wearing white gloves, introduced the origin of this bowl to everyone in a very professional manner.

He touched it directly with his hands. He was not afraid of the chaos energy seeping out of the chaos device at all.

With the help of the projection ball magic weapon, the image of the bowl is three-dimensionally enlarged into the air, allowing all participants to see all the details of the bowl clearly.

"After all, it's Jiaochu who has become a saint in the flesh. To directly reach out and touch the Chaos Device is too strong... Uh. My focus seems to be wrong!"

"A bowl with 20% chaos concentration. It is indeed rare. But why is it called the Bowl of All Things?"

Many people are curious.

Then, Liu Renwen began to introduce the currently known functions in more detail: "After many experiments conducted by our bank, the experimental results show that the All Things Bowl has the effect of replicating."

"For example, just place a complete elixir in the bowl. After waiting for a period of time, a new elixir will be completely engraved in the bowl."

"However, the potency of the replica elixir will be reduced. It is only 52% to 78% of the original elixir. And it will consume the chaos concentration of the Bowl of All Things."

"Chaos concentration can be restored by itself. As long as you are not greedy and don't use too much at one time, you can continue this ability."

"Of course. If the chaos concentration is directly reproduced to 0, the bowl will directly break into pieces."

The estimates that are accurate to specific figures and the extremely detailed introduction of the magic weapon directly prove the professionalism of the Central Auction House.

Liu Renwen's introduction instantly made many cultivators present ready to move.

It can directly reproduce the elixir...if you put the best natural materials or tonics inside. Once the reproduction is successful, it means that you can absorb more medicinal power!

And as long as you are not greedy, this bowl is a cornucopia that can be used forever!

This is undoubtedly a huge temptation for cultivators who have been struggling to seek breakthroughs throughout the ages!





Chapter 1865 Soul exchange across eternity


This is a chaos device with special functions. It is very unusual. But in fact, there are countless chaos devices with special functions among the chaos devices naturally bred in the universe. They have a dazzling array of abilities.

However, most of them are useless and not very practical. In the end, they can only be broken down into fine materials and refined into chaos crystals to help the Eternal Ones in their cultivation.

However, the function of this bowl of all living things seems a bit unusual. It actually has the special ability of "treasure bowl".

Wang Ling thinks that if I try to modify it myself, the replica of this bowl may be far superior to the replica object.

But he has no interest in this bowl. Even if these eternal beings are about to take over, it is just a bowl to him.

In the Heavenly Dao spell, his "Great Copy" can perfectly realize this replica function.

In the next few minutes, Chen Yanan was responsible for taking the bowl upstairs and handing it to the VIP room who was interested in the bowl.

These heroes in the VIP room have the right to touch and identify them up close.

If you are interested, just light up the psychic red lantern hanging in front of the door. After injecting some spiritual power, the lantern will be fully lit.

"This bowl is very good. The concentration of chaos is also suitable. And there is still a lot of room for improvement. If you take it and find an expert refiner to modify it, it will have a great future." An old woman said. It was the Immortal Mountain Sect. The head teacher is Mrs. Shanxiu.

This was a rare compliment from the Mighty One. It suddenly made everyone more interested in this bowl.

And just when Wang Ling thought someone would quote an extremely exaggerated price.

As a result, in the main hall below, a young man wearing luxurious outer clothes raised his hand sign and said: "I will give you 10,000 mixed spiritual stones."

Wang Ling choked up immediately after hearing these words.

Ten thousand mixed spirit stones?

He originally thought that this bowl would cost at least a million.

And everyone at the scene seemed to have a lot of money. It could easily be hundreds or tens of millions. Otherwise, Zhang Zhui would not have been able to get so much money all at once.

As a result, the person below actually offered only 10,000 yuan. This surprised Wang Ling.

"Chaos device is so cheap?" Wang Ying also felt it was amazing and asked immediately.

"It's not that the Chaos Tool is cheap. It's that the Hunling Stone is valuable. Everyone present is a powerful person. It's normal to bring a lot of money. However, according to normal price standards, this is the case." Zhang Zhui replied.

And now Wang Ling finally understands how "prodigal" it was for Emperor Dong Dadi to let Zhang Zhui deposit 100 million mixed spirit stones just for this VIP room.

Emperor Dong Dadi also smiled: "The main thing is that this is the first auction item. The price will not be so high. The good things are behind. Don't look at these people who are ready to make a move. In fact, they are all very clever."

"Senior, I have a question! Doesn't the auction house limit the reserve price?" Sun Rong asked.

"According to the guild of the Central Auction House, there is no reserve price for the first auction item. This is a special benefit of the auction house." Dong Dadi replied.

so it is...

The rest of the people nodded secretly.

"I'll give you a 10-in-10 chance spirit stone!"

"Twenty thousand! Please don't argue with me. I am bound to get this bowl!"

Now Wang Ling feels completely confused about the pricing standards of the Eternal Period.

He didn't even expect that the Hunling Stone could be so valuable...

In his opinion, these are just broken stones floating in the chaos of the universe. In the past, he could hug many of them with just a hug.

He listened to the constant bidding below. He was also beating a drum secretly in his heart. He didn't know how much the things he would sell later would fetch. He felt very uneasy.

In the end, the bowl was bought by a young man in the hall for 160,000 mixed spiritual stones.

The second auction item was a mythical beast skull. The auction process was the same as the first one. The auctioneer Liu Renwen took the lead in introducing the skull in detail.

"This is the skull of the eight-eyed, nine-tailed, steel-winged, sky-fire four-legged beast that was shaken away by thunder and lightning in the early days of the Hunyuan Dynasty, which shook away the demon Tianxiang!"

Liu Renwen finished speaking. Wang Ling, Sun Rong, Wang Ying, and Wang Zhen were all stunned.

Why can the name of this mythical beast be so long? Why can't it be abbreviated? You really can't remember such a long list!

However, as a professional auctioneer, Liu Renwen still demonstrated his full professional attitude.

"The Jade Fire Hunyuan Taichu, the thunder and lightning, the universe shook away the devil, the eight-eyed nine-tailed steel-winged skyfire four-legged beast. As we all know, this is a very rare cosmic beast. From its genetic blood, a series of mythical beasts have been derived... Kunpeng, Qiongqi, Bi Fang, etc. are all related by blood to it."

Liu Renwen said: "The skull we got today of the Jade Fire Hunyuan Taichu Thunder and Lightning Universe Shake Away Demon Tianxiang Eight Eyes Nine Tails Steel Wings Sky Fire Quadruped Beast is only a small part. But it is also of inestimable value. It can be used for It can assist your practice. You can even use it to refine your own magic weapon. There may be unexpected gains."

"The second collection. Each price increase shall not be less than 50,000 mixed spirit stones."

As soon as he finished speaking, the whole place was in an uproar.

It immediately aroused heated discussion.

This Central Auction House is so powerful. It can even obtain such rare mythical beast skulls.

A group of people immediately geared up.

Wang Ling saw a few people below standing up as if they were talking about cross talk.

"This jade fire Hunyuan Taichu thunder and lightning universe shook away the demon Tianxiang eight-eyed nine-tailed steel-winged sky fire quadruped beast skull is what I must get. I will offer two hundred thousand mixed spirit stones! If all fellow Taoists are willing to give in, I will be grateful. ."

"Haha. Do you think you got the name right and this skull is yours?"

Someone was dissatisfied. He immediately stood up and said. He seemed to be deliberately competing to see who could speak more smoothly. He read out the complete list of names at a faster speed: "My lord, this is the Jade Fire Hunyuan Taichu Thunder and Lightning Universe." The skull of the eight-eyed nine-tailed steel-winged skyfire four-legged beast that shakes away the demon Tianxiang is very interesting. I hope to use it for medicine! Who dares to snatch it. Once you leave the middle domain with the skull, be careful about your life! I will pay you 280,000 yuan. Spiritual stone!"

"It's only two hundred and eighty thousand. There's no point in threatening others here, brother. I'll pay you five hundred thousand."

A middle-aged man said with a smile. He had a golden back and was wearing gorgeous clothes. Judging from his imposing manner, he was also a big shot.

"This jade fire Hunyuan Taichu thunder and lightning universe shakes away the devil, the eight-eyed nine-tailed steel-winged sky-fire four-legged beast. No one knows it better than me. Only in my hands can it display its true value!"

He asked for five hundred thousand. Immediately, Wang Ling felt a little bit of the rich and wealthy atmosphere of the auction house.

Now Wang Ling can see it. To these powerful people, it doesn't matter whether the price of the items they take is high or low.

It doesn't matter whether it's expensive or cheap. The first thing is to have momentum...

The price of something is high. Sometimes it is not because the thing is worth the money. But most of the time, it may be entirely because of superiors.





Chapter 1866 Soul exchange across eternity


For the skull of a spiritual beast, all these eternal dignitaries in the hall became jealous.

The skull of an ancient mythical beast like this has an unusual origin. What is even more valuable is that this skull symbolizes the origin of several branches of blood. Even if you buy it and don't use it, there is still great room for appreciation if you keep it around.

Of course. Although the thing is good, it is still useless in Wang Ling.

"This skull must be photographed. I remember that you were the final recipient of this skull." At this time, Zhang Zhui said.

Emperor Dong Da nodded: "Make a bid."

Zhang Zhui: "How many shots should I take?"

Dong Dadi: "I didn't write down the specific details in my diary. It doesn't matter. Just make sure this skull is mine. But my suggestion is, don't bid this round. We can offer an auction item. Use this item to auction it." The funds received are used to offset this expense."

As soon as he finished speaking, Zhang Zhui immediately showed an expression of realization: "Yes! I remembered!!! It seems like this. You sold one thing at the beginning and bought a bunch of things with the money you got from that thing. Something...but I can't remember it. What are you selling?"

After all, the timeline spans a long time. It spans eternity. Zhang Zhui only has vague memories of the past. The specific details have long been forgotten.

At this time, Emperor Dong Dadi suddenly laughed. His smile was meaningful: "This thing is not mine. This is a reference item provided by Wang Ying."

Wang Ling was stunned when he heard these words. He didn't expect that things would fall on him again so soon.

He was also thinking about what would be better to sell. However, according to the rules of the Old Wang family, he cannot use his own ability to make money. Therefore, it is obviously inappropriate to take out the magical objects in King's Pants for auction.

After thinking for a long time, finally a slender object with golden glitter appeared in front of Emperor Dongda accompanied by a whirlpool.

"What a powerful spiritual energy... No! It's not just spiritual energy. There are also a variety of other energy sources! And a rich energy of chaos!"

This made Emperor Dongda's eyes light up instantly.

There was no doubt about it. This shiny, slender object gave him the feeling of surprise as if he had drawn a golden legend.

His reaction was quick. He immediately lit the lantern in front of the VIP room and called the appraiser to come upstairs.

"Come, take a look. How much can this object sell for?" Dong Dadi looked confident. He handed the golden filament to the appraiser's hands.

The appraiser took it with both hands. Before appraising it, he noticed a strong fragrance.

After observing carefully for a moment, the auctioneer showed a shocked expression: "I'm sorry for my blindness... I really can't tell what kind of hair this is from a mythical beast."

"So. Can't sell it?"

"No. Of course it can be sold!" The old appraiser said with excitement on his face: "This thing is too powerful! A small hair. Not to mention exudes the fragrance of spring breeze, it actually contains such a powerful energy."

"You can get this mythical beast hair. It can be smelted into elixirs or used to refine weapons. It has extraordinary benefits! It can even be used to set up an array. Use it as an array eye!"

"There are formation eyes made of this hair. It can change the trend of spiritual energy in the world. It assists in spiritual gathering practice. The sect is built around this formation. There is no need to worry about the loss of spiritual energy for thousands of years."

This introduction made everyone dumbfounded.

Sun Rong laughed: "It's so valuable. Could the old gentleman be mistaken?"

"I will never make a mistake! It's just that I can't tell. What kind of mythical beast's hair is this...so I plan to ask."

"I'm sorry. I don't know about that either." Dong Dadi said, spreading his hands, "I just got it accidentally. I haven't found out what kind of mythical beast it is."

"There is no other way. For now, if you want to participate in the photoshoot, you have to package this hair." said the appraiser.

"Packaging? How to package..." Wang Zhen asked.

"Just complete the information and make up a story about this mythical beast hair."

The old appraiser said without any surprise: "For example, the skull of the mythical beast that is being sold now. Do you think there really is a mythical beast with such a long name? That's just something we made up."

"It's actually made up..."Sun Rong was shocked.

"There is no other way. In order to make the products look better, of course we can only package them."

The appraiser said: "The name is long. It is also to make everyone feel unfamiliar with this mythical beast. However, the bidders here are all dignitaries in the cultivation world. It is impossible to openly say that they do not know the origin of this mythical beast. So no one will care. The name of this mythical beast is authentic."

"Instead, they want to show that they are familiar with this mythical beast. No matter how long the name is, they will say it completely without any mistakes or omissions."

"Or do you think that such a long name is just to fill in the number of words for those unscrupulous biographers?"

"so it is!"

Sun Rong suddenly realized.

Wang Ling: "..."

Appraiser: "I am telling you this. I just want to tell you that we are working together now. In order to sell it at a high price, we need your cooperation. No matter how outrageous the story you will hear later, you must stay calm."

Sun Rong dumbfounded: "But we don't know how to make up stories. The most we can think of is a name..."

The appraiser thought for a while and said calmly: "This is easy. Just think of a name. Leave the rest to us."

...

After about a few minutes, Liu Renwen on the stage received the hair of the mythical animal that had been temporarily added to the photo shoot, as well as a written explanation.

The hair of the mythical beast has been covered by a cover. The packaging is extremely good.

The expression on his face was very calm. He scanned the description at a glance, and then said loudly: "Dear guests, the first temporary item in this auction has been produced. This was provided by the guest in Room 1, Tianzi. Object. The proceeds from the auction can be directly used for other auctions in this auction."

After saying that, he opened the dark seal cover. In just a moment, the shining golden hair bloomed with dazzling light...

Liu Renwen said: "As you can see, according to the professional results of our appraiser's appraisal, this is a very, very rare hair of a mythical beast! The hair of the Almighty Tianluo Raccoon Beast!"

"What!? It turns out to be the hair of Almighty Tenra Raccoonmon...I, I, I've heard of this mythical beast!"

"Oh my god! Such powerful spiritual energy... No! It's not just spiritual energy. There are other energies too! Especially the concentration of the chaos energy. It's really scary!"

"Oh my God. It turns out to be the Almighty Tenra Raccoonmon! What is the origin of the guest in Room 1? How come there is such a divine object!"

"The energy of this hair is too strong. It is far better than the skull that was just brought up... If it is refined, maybe it can lead to immortality! Fill the body and let yourself never dry up!"

...

"..."

Wang Ling didn't expect it himself. He just lit up a piece of his own hair. It would actually be blown like this.





Chapter 1867 Soul exchange across eternity


It’s just a piece of mythical animal hair. It’s unprecedented in the entire Central Auction House’s auction history that it can be sold for such a sky-high price.

No one would have thought that this mythical animal hair would be so valuable.

Although most people have never heard of the name of this mythical beast and don't know its origin. However, the amazing energy emanating from this hair is a fact.

If it can be refined effectively, not only can it be used to refine elixirs and weapons, but it may also be possible to learn the secrets of the mythical beast itself from Mao.

"If you can understand the secret hidden in the hair... you can definitely reach a higher level!"

"..." Wang Ling was in a daze.

The more these people talk, the more outrageous they become. This is just a piece of his hair. It would be a bit fanciful to try to understand the secret method through this hair.

People who get this hair will not understand any secrets. They will just become craving for crispy noodles.

Of course. Giving this name to this head. Wang Ling actually has a different meaning.

How much money it can sell for is not that important to Wang Ling. What is important is that he needs to test the reaction of everyone in the audience through this made-up name.

Those powerful people who pretend to have heard the name of this mythical beast and act generously are definitely not people from the Office of Strategic Deception who have traveled from modern times.

There has never been a mythical beast called a raccoon in the eons of time. So if you hear the name and don't join in the fun, you can be included as a suspect of "suspected to be possessed by the soul of the Office of Strategic Deception".

So at this time. Wang Ling's eyes were fixed on King Tiankun, who was regarded as the representative of the Western Emperor.

This person had never participated in the competition from the beginning. Not only did he not directly participate in the bidding, there was not much surprise on his face after hearing this strange name.

In Wang Ling's view, King Tiankun became very suspicious in an instant. He had reason to believe that there might be a friend from the Office of Strategic Deception lurking inside King Tiankun's body.

But if someone is lurking inside, the acting is too similar. There is no flaw at all.

"Do you think this King Tiankun is suspicious?" At this time, Wang Ying asked.

"It's a bit." Wang Zhen nodded: "He was not directly involved, and he had no other weird reactions. In addition, Mrs. Shanxiu of the Immortal Mountain Sect is also very suspicious. These two people have never been together. It's such a big move. He seems very calm."

"I agree with Brother Wang Zhen. I also think these two people are a bit weird. But I always feel that something is wrong." Sun Rong also participated in the discussion. Her brows wrinkled slightly. She had an intuition. Tell her that things are not as simple as you think.

Just when everyone here at Wang Ling was secretly guessing, King Tiankun, who had always remained calm, suddenly stood up to everyone's surprise.

"Three million mixed spirit stones. I want it!" As soon as he said it, it was three million. It was a price that crushed the entire audience.

No one expected that King Tiankun, who was extremely powerful in the West, would choose to take action at this time.

Wang LingI thought that as long as a powerful person like King Tiankun took action, not many people would dare to compete. They were afraid of offending him.

If it were in a general auction house, it would definitely develop according to the above trend.

But it's different here. Just like what King Tiankun said at the beginning, the identities of those who can enter the Central Auction House are not simple.

Now King Tiankun directly participates in the bidding. This has actually inspired more people to be interested in "Wang Ling hair".

Who is this person?

King Tiankun!

He is known as the representative and incarnation of the Western Emperor.

Even such people participated in the bidding. And as soon as it was exported, the price was shockingly high. This proved the value of this "hair".

"Sure enough. Just as I guessed. This mythical beast hair is an extraordinary thing! Even King Tiankun has joined the competition!"

"Everyone, King Tiankun is currently bidding three million mixed spirit stones. Is there any higher price?" At this time, Liu Renwen, the auctioneer, was holding a small hammer. He struck while the iron was hot and seized the opportunity.

He used his own words to encourage more people to participate in the bidding and bid a high price: "This is a rare mythical animal hair. Even if you don't know how to use it, just keeping it around can bring good luck... After all, this is a mythical beast. But It is called a mascot!"

Liu Renwen's words immediately made the eyes of Wang Ling and others in Private Room Number 1 light up.

Sun Rong: "Seniors... He said... mascot? Did I hear it correctly?"

Zhang Zhui: "You heard it right Miss Rong. I heard it too. This Liu Renwen must have guessed our identity. He should be one of our own."

Wang Ying nodded and agreed with Zhang Zhui's opinion: "This is checking the code with us. After all, not many people know this code name. It can only be one of our own. But we don't know yet. This Liu Renwen's body lives in Who is it?"

Wang Zhen: "Wait for a few more rounds and see. There will always be time to reveal your own characteristics."

Several people were in the middle of a discussion. As a result, Mrs. Shanxiu, the leader of the Immortal Mountain Sect who had been silent all this time, also spoke up and joined the bidding.

Mrs. Shanxiu: "I will give you five million mixed spirit stones. Plus a copy of the original sheet music of the Nine-Bend Star Formation."

Nine-curved star formation. This is a divine formation from the ancient times. It ranks above level 4 of Heaven and Earth Xuanhuang. It is converted according to the level of the modern world of cultivation. The level of this formation is at least 11th level.

The most important thing is that what Mrs. Shanxiu took out was the original formation score. This is the most original and only copy. It has more collection value.

This is a direct exchange with valuable items. It is also within the scope of the Central Auction House's permission.

Mrs. Shanxiu's participation in the photoshoot made the people at the scene even more excited. Now everyone knows that this mythical animal hair is a good thing. They don't want to miss it.

"I'll give you six million mixed spirit stones. Plus twenty bottles of liquid that misses you!" At this time, a young man with a shaved back said. He was a famous sex toy shop owner in the ancient times.

The "Missing You" liquid is a treasure that was developed by him personally. The advertising slogan is even more simple and crude: "Bao. I am infusion. What liquid? Missing you at night..."

Although it was once ridiculed as greasy, the effect is indeed genuine.

As long as you spray it on your body, it will automatically attract true love. Only true love will not dislike the greasiness and be willing to get close.

"This potion is very famous. It is the key to finding Taoist companions. It is expensive to make. Of course, there are also people who apply it and are cast aside by others while the potion is taking effect. But this usually has to be found in yourself. People who catch fish even after applying it Not having a wife means that there is no true love for you in this world." Zhang Zhui said.

As more and more people participated in the bidding, the auction house became more and more lively. Later, no one brought up mixed spiritual stones. They all used the treasures at the bottom of the box to exchange.

"I will publish two books of divine spiritual skills and one book of divine techniques!"

"I can exchange it for the complete remains of the ancient dragon!"

"Haha. You can't do any of this! I'll give you two hundred kilograms of moral integrity!"





Chapter 1868 Soul exchange across eternity


Two hundred pounds of dry moral integrity...

As soon as he finished speaking, everyone in the audience was excited.

As we all know, this game is worthless to people who are not interested.

After all, Ku Xuan's integrity had been shattered a long time ago. Pieces fell to the ground!

No one paid attention to the previous price offered by this similarly unscrupulous powerful man. They continued to participate in the auction with their own unique talents and treasures.

"I have a Haotian ruler! I decided to exchange it!" At this time, a young man's voice came from the VIP room Number 3. His voice was not very loud, but it had a deafening feeling.

The whole audience was in an uproar. This Haotian Ruler is an immortal treasure in the Southern Region Imperial Palace! It possesses the natal power of the Southern Emperor. It is also the prize provided by the Southern Emperor at the Four Regions Immortal Conference a hundred years ago!

"I remember the year when Haotian Ruler was launched. The person who won the championship was a casual cultivator named Broken Sword..."

"Who is this person? Broken Sword? But I always feel that he is younger than Broken Sword. Not quite like him."

"Could he be Broken Sword's son?"

For a time, many people began to discuss the identity of this young man.

"Duan Jian has no son. You don't have to guess. I know this guest. This young gentleman is called Tang Moyuan. He is the descendant of the famous weapon refiner Tang Gen Haojiu."

"It turns out it was him..."

Everyone was stunned.

Tang Gen Haojiu was also a famous weapon refiner. He was extremely famous throughout the ages.

Although I don’t know why the Haotian Ruler fell into Tang Moyuan’s hands, Tang Gen Haojiu is a very decent person.

Since the thing is in his son's hands, he must have reached some level of deal with Broken Sword back then.

But using the Haotian Ruler in exchange for this mythical beast hair was something that no one thought of.

The value of this Haotian Ruler is worth at least 20 million mixed spirit stones. It has already crushed the bids of everyone present.

However, at this time, King Tiankun took action again. I wonder if it was related to the superiors. He refused to give up at all.

"I'll offer 30 million mixed spiritual stones! Plus a mixed immortal stone!"

As soon as he spoke, the whole place fell into dead silence.

This was originally something that the Western Emperor had plundered from the Eastern Imperial Palace... He was originally going to participate in this auction. But he didn't expect that King Tiankun would directly exchange it for it.

In fact, King Tiankun also had his own considerations regarding this decision. He came to the Central Auction House this time because of Zhang Zhui's notice letter.

If we wait for the immortal stone to be auctioned as a bidding item, the time in between will be very long. Instead, various unstable factors will arise.

But now if it is directly exchanged as a product of the transaction, once the transaction is completed, then this immortal stone will have nothing to do with me.

Neither he nor Emperor Xi will suffer any loss of face.

After all, what Zhang Zhui said in the notice letter was that he would directly steal the immortal stone during the bidding and transaction process. But now he is not following the routine. Zhang Zhui may directly mess up his position because of this.

Of course, this idea was not thought of by King Tiankun himself.

Instead, it was the opinions of the two snake attendants beside me.

"You have done a great job! When I return, I will pamper you well." King Tiankun was very satisfied with this proposal.

30 million mixed spiritual stones. Add a mixed immortal stone worth the same 30 million... Such a price is already astronomical.

Wang Ling looked at it in a daze. I didn't expect that my hair was so valuable. Thinking back to the hair that I went to the barber shop to trim in those years, it was simply gold all over the floor! And it was worth more than gold!

"What should I do? This is a trick. If the deal is concluded, if the Immortal Stone is stolen by Senior Zhang, it will have nothing to do with him at all."

"That's easy. Just let the water go during the transaction." At this time, Zhang Zhui, who played Li Ren, laughed sinisterly.

Now he completely remembered what happened back then.

"Release the water?" Sun Rong was puzzled. He looked a little confused.

And at this moment, Zhang Zhui, who played Li Ren, suddenly focused his attention on a blank place: "Are you there? Zhang Zhui?"

The place was a mass of nothingness. Nothing could be seen. At first glance, Zhang Zhui, who played Li Ren, seemed to be talking to the air.

"Don't be nervous. We have no intention of exposing you." Zhang Zhui, who plays Li Ren, laughed: "No matter how you deceive other people's eyes, you can't deceive me."

After a while, a strange man's voice came from the private room.

This voice is none other than young Zhang Zhui.

He was originally lurking elsewhere. However, due to King Tiankun's sudden change of tactics, he had to change his location and came to the private room where Wang Ling was.

Because once the deal is concluded, the immortal stone will be sent directly to the room under the arrangement of the auction house.

"Who are you..." Young Zhang Zhui didn't expect that he would be exposed. He was very nervous for a moment.

"Don't worry about who I am. I'm just telling you. We won't take action later. You can take action directly when they are walking down the aisle carrying the immortal stone. Don't have any scruples."

Zhang Zhui, who plays Li Ren, said: He arranged his younger self clearly.

"Why did you help me?" Young Zhang Zhui frowned. He didn't understand.

"The enemy of the enemy is the friend. King Tiankun. He is the representative of the Western Emperor. And we are the enemies of the Western Emperor."

There was silence for a long moment. Young Zhang Zhui never responded.

He was very cautious. He was thinking about whether this was a game or not.

As a result, Zhang Zhui, who played Li Ren, couldn't help it. He took a deep breath and said, "You must believe me, because I know your secret..."

These words made Wang Ling, Sun Rong, and Wang Zhen all stunned. They all showed expressions of eating melons.

So this is the next step where you report your family’s dirty laundry?

In order to persuade young Zhang Zhui to cooperate with the action. Wang Ling felt that this was a bit too hard.

"What do you know..." Young Zhang Zhui looked very nervous.

"I know about your fetish for women." Old Zhang Zhui said, "If you don't believe it, I can tell you directly."

"No! I believe it!" Young Zhang Zhui broke into a cold sweat.

This really pokes at his weakness. If this person really knows something and tells it, this is the scene of a large-scale social death...

...

After about a few more minutes, Wang Ling's hair was finally bought by King Tiankun for a sky-high price of 30 million mixed spiritual stones and one mixed immortal stone.

However, what no one expected was that while the Central Auction House was transporting the storage bag containing 30 million mixed spiritual stones and the mixed immortal stone, an accident happened in the end.

Although in order to ensure the absolute safety of the transaction, the auction house specially selected two experts and Liu Renwen to personally deliver the items to each other. However, just when the items were delivered to the door of Wang Ling's private room.

The entire Central Auction House suddenly emitted a puff of snow-white smoke.

The smoke quickly expanded to the entire auction room...

Young Zhang Zhui was waiting for the opportunity and was about to take action. What he didn't expect was that Liu Renwen's reaction was also very quick. He tried his best to protect his auction item and held it tightly, not giving young Zhang Zhui any chance.

"Hey, I'm still a little green." Old Zhang Zhui smiled slightly at this time. He just waved his sleeves.

The Immortal Stone guarded by Liu Renwen magically appeared in his palm.

Then, taking advantage of the chaos, he directly thrust the Immortal Stone into the hands of young Zhang Zhui: "Leave the rest to me. Run!"





Chapter 1869 Soul exchange across eternity


The chaos in the scene only lasted for a moment and soon calmed down. The Immortal Stone was stolen by Zhang Zhui, a young man from the Eternal Era. And as soon as he got it, he withdrew without leaving a single cloud behind.

In a daze, old Zhang Zhui suddenly recalled this legendary experience that spanned eternity.

At that time, I did receive help from a senior.

It's just that Zhang Zhui didn't expect that the senior who made him successful would be himself.

"Zhang Zhui! Don't let me catch you!" King Tiankun slapped him hard, breaking the armrest of the chair.

He was furious. He never expected that Zhang Zhui would succeed despite his tricks.

This was a slap in the face.

And hitting him in the face is actually hitting Emperor Xi in the face...

This shameless god damn thief!

When the immortal stone was stolen, the transaction of this mythical beast hair came to a deadlock.

King Tiankun is certainly very shameless, but the Central Auction House also has an unshirkable responsibility.

After all, the people escorting the treasure transaction were sent by the Central Auction House.

On one side is the mysterious and generous guest in Room 1. On the other side is King Tiankun, the representative of Emperor Zhongxi who sits firmly in Room 9.

Neither the Central Auction House dared to offend the people on either side. So in the end, after the administrator Chen Yanan asked for instructions.

The president's son, Liu Renwen, the auctioneer of the auction, stepped forward to smooth things over.

"This is a major mistake made by our bank. King Tiankun, please rest assured. Since you have taken the hair of the mythical beast, it will be counted. As for the immortal stone, our bank will be responsible for using other treasures to offset it. It will definitely satisfy you. It will also satisfy the distinguished guest in Room 1." Liu Renwen said respectfully.

"It doesn't matter to me. I just want that mythical beast hair. As for what you do, I have nothing to do with it." King Tiankun snorted. His immortal stone was blatantly stolen by Zhang Zhui. This made He was always holding his breath.

On the other side, Liu Renwen comforted Queen Tiankun and soon came to Room 1 with Chen Yanan.

"Everyone, I'm sorry. This was my bank's mistake... which led to an accident during this transaction. It also shocked you all." The two of them bowed their hands.

Chen Yanan's face was covered with clouds. The sadness shown was painful.

However, when she raised her head, she accidentally saw the group of people in front of her looking at her with a smile.

She was stunned.

I was even more curious about the origins of the guests in Room 1.

This must be someone who has seen a lot of the world. He is not a child of a famous family, but he must at least be a member of the royal family.

This is too calm!

Not only was he calm, but he actually looked at her with a smile.

How big is this heart...

This made Chen Yanan couldn't help but respect Wang Ling and others even more. She didn't dare to neglect them at all.

"I'm sorry for frightening all the seniors. We have issued an Eternal Sea arrest notice. Zhang Zhui is wanted throughout the universe. I will definitely give you this bad breath."

Chen Yanan said: "As for the previous transaction, although the 30 million Immortal Stones are still there, the Immortal Stone is now missing... I wonder if we can compensate in other ways? King Tiankun is determined to get that divine beast hair. "

"That's easy to say."

Emperor Dong Da nodded and smiled.

Wang Ying passed Wang Ling's instructions in his body and commanded him.

To King Tiankun, this is a priceless hair of a mythical beast. But to Wang Ling, it is just his own hair...

In his eyes, this was not that valuable in the first place.

As for the Immortal Stone, it was originally an object in the Eastern Palace.

Emperor Dong Dadi has collected this stone for a long time. He has long been tired of looking at it. Even if it is lost, he will not feel bad.

On the contrary, now through this transaction, I can get some new things to play with.

For Emperor Dong Da, such a deal is a dream come true.

"The estimated value of that Immortal Stone is about 30 million Immortal Stones. What do you want to exchange for it?"

Zhang Zhui said: "My elders are interested in the skull of the mythical beast with a long name."

"That's easy to say." Liu Renwen said directly: "I have the final say on this sacred beast skull. I will give it to this lord. As for the remaining 30 million shortfall, we will calculate it separately."

"There are two options now. One is that our bank will directly convert 30 million mixed spirit stones to compensate you."

"The second option is to do it in the next auction. If you like something, you can choose anything as compensation. No matter what the final price is, it will be borne by our bank."

Emperor Dong Dadi waved his hand and made a choice directly without thinking: "Then let's go to option two."

"That's very good."

Liu Renwen and Chen Yanan bowed one after another and quickly retreated.

To Emperor Dong Da himself, the Hunling Stone was just trivial money. Besides, Zhang Zhui had gotten a lot of money from him before. They didn't lack these things at all.

It would be too fun to ask for money directly.

He knew that King Tiankun also had something he must get at this auction. And with the promise provided by the buying house, he could boldly compete with King Tiankun without any effort.

King Tiankun had previously tried to humiliate him by auctioning off the Immortal Stone snatched from his Eastern Region Imperial Palace. As the emperor of a region, he should have wanted to get it back.

Soon, order was restored to the scene.

The storm calmed down quickly. Guests on both sides were very satisfied with the outcome. There really is nothing better than this.

Whether it is Room 1 where Wang Ling lives or Room 9 of King Tiankun, they are all characters that are not easy to mess with for the Central Auction House.

Unless the president personally suppresses the situation, it will be impossible to suppress it.

As the president's own son, Liu Renwen rarely presides over such a grand auction in the context of the gathering of the Four Emperors.

One thing to say. He was a little panicked.

Although he has inherited the memory of "Liu Renwen" and just follow the step-by-step operation based on experience, he is still worried that an accident will happen.

So I can only act on intuition.

Fortunately, his "luck" has always been very good.

Although there was an accident just now, it was handled very well.

And the most important thing is that it was precisely because of the accident that he figured out who the guest in Room 1 was.

He deliberately created a flaw so that the Immortal Stone could be stolen by Zhang Zhui.

The purpose is to go upstairs in person and have direct contact with the guests in Room 1.

And with the intuition of the only koi in the world of cultivation, "Qin Zhong" who now plays "Liu Renwen" has already made the most basic judgment about Room 1.

The people in Room 1 are all our own people who have traveled from modern times.

And Li Ren. It must be Zhang Zhui!

It's just that Qin Zhong hasn't thought about who Wang Ling plays.

"We can only take one step at a time." He sighed inwardly.

Then he motioned with his eyes to Chen Yanan to take out the next auction item.

That's a giant futon.

According to the data, it was something used by Dao Ancestor Wang.





Chapter 1870 Soul exchange across eternity


Generally, futons in the world of cultivation are sharp tools used during meditation, retreat, or preaching.

A comfortable futon can allow cultivators to quickly enter a state of selflessness. They can become addicted to cultivation and cannot extricate themselves.

Wang Ling There is also such a futon in King's Pants. It is called the "Law Order Futon". The efficiency of meditating on it for one day is comparable to the speed of a normal cultivator's fifty years of retreat.

But for Wang Ling, this futon seems a bit tasteless.

After all, he gains experience every day he sleeps.

I can no longer restrain myself. If I continue to speed up my practice, it will be like committing suicide.

The futon in front of me is displayed according to the results of Wang Ling's "Pupillary Power Assessment".

It is indeed much better than an ordinary futon.

Meditating on it for a day is comparable to six months of solitary practice.

Even though it's not as strong as Wang Ling, at least the effect is genuine.

Of course. Wang Ling also knows clearly in his heart that what this Babel Futon sells is not its own cultivation value.

The focus is not on the futon itself. It’s on the owner of the futon.

As the founder of Heavenly Dao. The number one powerhouse in the world of eternal cultivation. Dao Ancestor Wang’s name is above the Four Emperors.

That is an existence that everyone worships and respects.

At least until Dao Ancestor Wang locked the Eternal Ones into the Corpse Map. Dao Ancestor Wang's reputation in the Eternal Cultivation World is also well-known.

Even the emperor's palace has a dedicated ancestral hall dedicated to Dao Ancestor Wang. Every day, people offer incense and worship him as if he were a god.

It can be said that most cultivators throughout the ages are followers of Dao Ancestor Wang.

Or to put it in more straightforward terms in the modern world of cultivation. It can also be called: fans.

But what Wang Ling didn't expect was that the fan economy, which has developed into a certain scale these days, has been popular for eternity.

Sure enough, everything in the world is a circle.

You think you are playing some new tricks. But in fact, it may be leftovers from the ancestors.

To be honest, if it weren't for the following diary content, this futon was not the possession of Emperor Dongdai.

Wang Ling thinks he might buy this futon.

He is not a fan of Dao Ancestor Wang. But he is interested in this person.

Even in the layout of this eternal time travel, Dong Dadi claimed that it was not like Dao Ancestor Wang.

But Wang Ling still thinks this is the number one suspect.

"Is this really what Dao Ancestor Wang got?"

When Liu Renwen introduced the information about futons, many people here became excited.

"It is indeed Dao Ancestor Wang's thing."

Qin Zhong, who plays Liu Renwen, said: "According to the results of the identification data, there is a life-size statue of Dao Ancestor Wang in Wanling Mountain on Zhongzhou. In fact, it is the mortal body left by Dao Ancestor Wang after he ascended to Immortal a long time ago." After the fetus is petrified, it is then made by skilled craftsmen based on the petrified refinement."

"In order to identify whether the futon belongs to Dao Ancestor Wang, our auctioneer made a special trip to Wanling Mountain. Based on this life-size stone statue, he made a mold of Dao Ancestor Wang's buttocks."

"Finally, a strict comparison with the intaglio print on the futon confirmed that this futon is indeed the property of Dao Ancestor Wang."

"..."

Everyone was silent.

It is said that the appraisers of the Central Auction House are notoriously hard-working in order to identify the authenticity of treasures. But I didn't expect that they would be so crazy and crazy...

Buttocks molding. Why does this sound dirty?

It’s so sinful!

Before coming to eternity. Wang Ling, Sun Rong People including Wang Zhen thought that the cultivators in the eternity period were a group of old stubborns who refused to change.

I never expected that these former seniors in the world of cultivation would actually be better at playing than each other.

It actually gave them a lot of experience.

"The base price of this Babel futon is 5 million mixed spirit stones. Each increase in price must not be less than 500,000. Now, the auction officially begins!" With a bang, Liu Renwen dropped the hammer.

After confirming that this was indeed Dao Ancestor Wang's item, the bidding started instantly.

"I want 10 million mixed spirit stones!" Someone immediately raised their hands, and the word was 10 million. This look of sure winning made everyone stunned.

Then a more intense fight began.

"15 million mixed spirit stones!"

"20 million mixed spirit stones!"

In fact, a single futon does not cost that much money at all.

The most important thing is that this is Dao Ancestor Wang's thing.

Since it is something used by Dao Ancestor, it is possible that by sitting on it and meditating, you can directly comprehend Heavenly Dao like Dao Ancestor.

"This is Dao Ancestor Wang's thing. Don't you want it?" Zhang Zhui was a little curious and looked at Dong Da Di.

"There will be better ones later. Don't worry." Emperor Dong shook his head.

At this time, Zhang Zhui also discovered it. Even though the cultivators below were fighting for it one by one.

None of the big customers in the private room upstairs said anything.

Not only Emperor Dongda, but also Mrs. Shanxiu and King Tiankun were silent, as if waiting for something.

Thinking of what Emperor Dong Dadi said just now, Zhang Zhui judged that Emperor Dong Dadi must have received some auction news in advance.

Soon, the Heaven-Bearing Futon was bought by a young royal family member for a high price of 50 million mixed spirit stones.

"Actually, it's not worth that much money at all. It's such a waste... What a waste of money!" Wang Zhen was speechless.

After all, the Wang family in their divine domain is also one of the descendants of Dao Ancestor Wang. There are many things passed down by Dao Ancestor Wang in the family.

Wang Zhen is speechless. If this could be moved here from modern times and sold, he would be as rich as the country.

After this giant futon, the Central Auction House took out three more items one after another.

A book of {The Skill of Appraisal of the Strong}. A coupon for the experience of pulling a coffin in Kowloon. And a pill of stretching one's legs and staring.

They are all priceless and high-quality treasures. The cultivators downstairs were fighting for them. But there was no one fighting for them upstairs. There was no movement at all.

Until the next object appears...

That is a scroll.

Even the name is very domineering. It's called the Book of Nine Realms.

"The Book of Nine Realms. You don't need any more introduction from me, right?" Qin Zhong, who plays Liu Renwen, said.

While he was holding the Book of Nine Realms in his hand, his heart was trembling slightly. Because the popularity of this thing has lasted almost all eternity. It is an existence that no one knows about.

Because this is Dao Ancestor Wang’s orthodox certificate. It contains Dao Ancestor Wang’s autograph!

Dao Ancestor Wang said that no matter who he is or how he obtains it, as long as he can open the Book of Nine Realms and understand the words written inside, he can become his true disciple!

In recent years, the Book of Nine Realms has been widely circulated in the world of eternal cultivation. There are also some profiteers who even make money by selling fake goods.

Because it is said that those who get the original version of the Book of Nine Realms will see nothing.

To this day, no one can become a disciple of Dao Ancestor Wang.

And now in the Central Auction House, with the guarantee of such a big business, it can be confirmed that the Book of Nine Realms must be authentic!

According to the information in the diary, Wang Ling knows that this scroll is what Emperor Dong Da will bid for next.

But at the same time Wang Ling was also confused.

Because he now knows who the true disciple of Dao Ancestor Wang is.

In other words, after Emperor Dong Dadi acquired the Book of Nine Realms, other changes occurred. In the end, Peng Xiren took advantage of it...

"One hundred million mixed spirit stones!"

Sure enough, someone immediately spoke.

That was the voice of King Tiankun.

He didn't listen to Liu Renwen's quotation and reserve price at all. He made the move for 100 million, which shocked everyone in the audience.

Emperor Dong was unceremonious about this: "Twenty million mixed spirit stones!"

He refused to give in. He looked like he was going to fight King Tiankun.





Chapter 1871 Soul exchange across eternity


The authentic original of the Book of Nine Families. The so-called only threshold for Dao Ancestor Wang to recruit true disciples. The existence that has been chased by cultivators throughout the entire cultivation world for eternity now appears in the Central Auction House.

Being able to get even such an object proves that the president of this auction house is no ordinary person.

Wang Ling became deeply curious about this.

There are so many auction houses in the Central Galaxy. Only the Central Auction House remains standing here. It is favored by the dignitaries of the four regions.

The four emperors even brought everything in the imperial palace directly here for auction. This shows how powerful it is.

"Who is this president? Can you see him?" Wang Ying asked.

This is a question asked instead of Wang Ling.

But at the same time, Wang Ying himself is actually very curious.

Moreover, the views between their master and servant are consistent. They believe that the president of the Central Auction House is extraordinary.

If he is strong enough, he may even be suspected of arranging this time-travel drama.

After careful consideration of Wang Ling, I feel that this president is extremely suspicious.

As the president of the Central Auction House, this person not only has some knowledge of the situation of the Four Emperors in the Eternal Era, but also enjoys a certain network status in the Four Realms.

The most important thing is that he also has all kinds of rare treasures obtained from strange channels.

Such a person must be very powerful. And judging from what we know so far about Wang Ling, this person is used to operating behind the scenes.

It is also very consistent with the tone of the director behind the diary.

"The president and I have only met once. Suddenly I looked back. He was in the shadow of the lamp." During the team's voice skills, Dong Dadi suddenly sighed.

"Didn't you see his face?"

"No." Emperor Dong Da said: "But through the vague facial outline, the Liu Renwen in front of me is indeed very similar to him. He should be his biological son."

"..." Wang Ling was speechless.

He just wanted to know who the president was and more detailed information. He didn't ask him whether he was green or not.

Wang Ling sighed in his heart.

He felt that Emperor Dong Dadi's answer should be all he knew about the situation.

Even the emperor is unclear about the identity of the president, let alone others.

At this point. Wang Ling fell into deep thought.

But at this moment, the bidding on the spot had reached a sky-high price of 500 million mixed spirit stones.

King Tiankun's lips twitched as he added the price, trying to scare all those who competed with him with such an offer.

However, he underestimated the cultivators' enthusiasm for the Book of Nine Realms.

Especially within the Central Auction House.

The people sitting here are all powerful people. Faced with such an object, it is impossible to give up easily.

The same is true even for those who are not sitting in the VIP room. They are all royal families from various regions. Maybe they are not as good as King Tiankun in the circle of powerful people. But they still want to fight for this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.

So, in less than ten minutes, the Book of Nine Realms had been raised to an unbelievable price of 700 million mixed spirit stones.

Liu Renwen, who played Qin Zhong, wiped his sweat.

In fact, he knew very well that as long as the guest in Room Number 1 continued to participate in the bidding, the Book of Nine Realms would definitely fall into the hands of the guest in Room Number 1.

After all, they had made unilateral commitments before.

"What if the guest in Room 1 doesn't give up and sends him out directly? Is it really okay?" Chen Yanan asked worriedly.

While the two were auctioning, they also communicated privately and secretly.

"Integrity first."

Liu Renwen replied: "Since it is a promised thing, it must be done. And we are not too much at a loss. Although it took some effort to get this book of nine families, we actually did not spend too many resources to purchase it. "

Chen Yanan asked: "How much did it cost to get it?"

Qin Zhong answered truthfully: "Including travel expenses and the cost of exploration and excavation, it is about more than 200,000 mixed spiritual stones."

Chen Yanan was shocked: "So cheap?"

Qin Zhong: "Father...has special channels. That's why I got it. It was found from the tomb of a cultivator who failed to attack the ancestral realm."

Chen Yanan: "Why in the tomb?"

Qin Zhong: "Those who get things like this must have selfish motives. Since I can't become a disciple of Dao Ancestor Wang, I naturally don't want others to become a disciple of Dao Ancestor Wang. But the material of the Book of Nine Realms is special. I can't Destroy it. So the person who originally had the Book of Nine Families would naturally choose to take it into the grave and let it be sealed in the ground forever."

Chen Yanan: "How did the president know..."

Qin Zhong shrugged: "I don't know. You know, I have never met my father in my life. Basically, I communicate with my father through communication symbols."

Chen Yanan: "..."

At this time, King Tiankun could no longer sit still in the VIP room. He directly kicked open the door of the VIP room. He could no longer remain calm.

"One billion mixed spirit stones!" He shouted out the price.

This time, it really shocked many people here.

Everyone sighed. After all, they were King Tiankun and the representative of the Western Emperor. Even though they were powerful people, they were still inferior to King Tiankun in terms of background.

Many people are helpless. Although they desperately want to get this Book of Nine Realms, they can only give up in the end.

According to the rules of the Central Auction House, if you bid randomly and cause trouble, if you don't have enough money to successfully trade, you will be permanently blacklisted.

There is such a punishment mechanism. Even though many people here are dissatisfied with King Tiankun's proud and indulgent attitude, they have no choice but to put down their hands in participating in the auction.

But there are still people who haven't given up.

After many people knew that they could not obtain the Book of the Nine Families, they naturally turned their attention to the guest in Room 1 who competed with King Tiankun. As well as Mrs. Shanxiu, the leader of the Immortal Mountain Sect.

One billion mixed spirit stones...

Even King Tiankun felt very painful.

But the money has to be paid.

Because he believed that he had the potential to become a true disciple of Dao Ancestor Wang.

"This friend in Room 1. As the saying goes, a gentleman will not take away someone's love. This book of nine families is something I must get. I hope this friend can give it to me."

King Tiankun said. His tone was fierce. But it was hard to tell whether it was a request or a threat.

Emperor Dong Dadi was silent for a moment. He only heard King Tiankun say again, "This way, you withdraw from the bidding and give the things to me. After I read it, if you are sure that you are not destined to Dao Ancestor Wang, you can sell the book of the Jiujia again. You, of course. You don’t need to spend the one billion mixed spirit stones from me. You only need to pay 800 million. What do you think?"

King Tiankun said firmly.

These words also made everyone in the audience sigh.

When you hear this plan, you will feel like an old man.

These days, everyone feels that they have the potential to become a true disciple of Dao Ancestor Wang.

In this case, how can it be possible to give up the Book of Nine Realms so easily if there is capital support?

King Tiankun's proposal is full of dangers.

If this happens, he directly becomes a true disciple. It will not turn the whole world upside down. Maybe he can inherit the position of the new emperor.

However, if this doesn't work out, I won't be too much of a loser if I sell the Book of Nine Realms.

Simply a genius!

However, King Tiankun's wishful thinking was still wrong.

Emperor Dong Dadi still chose to increase the price: "One billion one billion mixed spirit stones."

King Tiankun's mouth twitched: "You don't need 800 million! You can just pay half of the final transaction price in mixed spirit stones!"

Emperor Dong Dadi didn't listen to his nonsense at all: "1.3 billion mixed spirit stones."

King Tiankun: "Let's do this. Let me see it first. If nothing happens after I read it, I will give it to you directly!"

Emperor Dong thought for a moment and then continued to bid: "1.4 billion mixed spirit stones!"

King Tiankun: "Don't bully others too much!"

Emperor Dong: "Five billion mixed spirit stones!"

King Tiankun: "Good boy! Just wait for me!"

Emperor Dongda chuckled: "Six billion mixed spirit stones!"

King Tiankun: "..."

At this point, everyone in the auction house, including King Tiankun, fell silent.

King Tiankun didn't even increase the price. Each sentence was increased by an extra 100 million. Even King Tiankun had never seen such a wealthy and wealthy method.

In the end, the Book of Nine Realms successfully became the possession of Emperor Dong Da.

King Tiankun had never been so wronged before. He was so angry that his whole body was shaking.

At this time, the two snake girls standing next to him were also possessing their ears and encouraging him.

Snake Girl Number 1 said charmingly: "Why do you need to be angry, Your Majesty? We will just grab it later."

Snake Girl Number 2 echoed: "Yes, Your Majesty. Those who are rich may not necessarily have the strength. Just go up and fight hard. We must not lose this momentum."

Being so excited by the two snake-like women, King Tiankun, who was so angry that he couldn't care less about it.

Murderous intent arose in his heart.

I want to kill all those people in Room 1!





Chapter 1872 Today’s chapter name has finally been changed


The Book of Nine Realms was obtained. The biggest task of Emperor Dong Dadi's trip was completed. He was ready to leave before the auction was completely over.

As for the deposits paid previously, Dong Dadi has already left the address. The Central Auction House will send someone to deliver it to the designated location.

As the largest auction house in the Central Trade System, the credibility of the Central Auction House will not arouse anyone's doubts.

"This friend from Room 1 stays." As soon as he arrived at the door of the auction house, someone quickly caught up with him.

Wang Ling recognized the origin of this person.

This is the young man next to Madam Shanxiu, the headmaster of the Immortal Mountain Sect. He is participating in this auction with Madam Shanxiu. He has red lips and white teeth, and has a pretty face and pretty eyes. He is quite temperamental.

Judging from his overall strength, he should be a true disciple of the Immortal Mountain Sect.

"I am Mei Yunhai. I am the true disciple of Mrs. Shanxiu." The young man said, "My wife would like to invite you to the temple for a talk. I wonder if I can give you a favor?"

"I have to ask clearly. Do you want to invite all of us? Or do you just want to invite my master?" Zhang Zhui said with a smile.

"This...of course everyone. Of course. The main reason is that I want to talk to this gentleman." Mei Haiyun was speechless for a moment. But he responded quickly. He immediately bowed and said, and turned his eyes in the direction of Wang Ling .

"What does Mrs. Shanxiu want from our master?"

"Your Excellency, you will know when you get there. This matter is related to the Book of Nine Realms. This is a little reminder from my wife to your husband." Mei Yunhai kept it secret and did not explain it directly.

If he were an ordinary person, Emperor Dong would have left without turning around. But this time the person who stopped him was the famous leader of the Immortal Mountain Sect. Maybe he would actually hear something interesting.

There was still some time before the gathering of the four emperors. So Emperor Dong Dadi thought it would be okay to go there to relieve his boredom.

Of course, the actions here have already been written and arranged in the diary.

After agreeing to Mei Yunhai's request, Emperor Dong Dadi immediately moved towards the temple.

During the Eternal Period, almost all the major cities in the Four Regions and the Central Region had temples.

That is a place used to offer incense. If you are pious, you may receive certain immortal blessings.

However, Wang Ling, Sun Rong all feel extremely unfamiliar to this kind of eternal culture that is familiar to the eternal people.

"The temple...is it similar to a Buddhist temple?" Sun Rong asked. She felt that she had asked a stupid question.

However, Dong Dadi's answer was very gentle: "Similar. But not exactly."

Within the team voice skills, Emperor Dong Da patiently replied: "Even cultivators need faith. The temple is a place where cultivators can continue their faith and where like-minded cultivators can gather their faith."

"Then I dare to ask, senior. Who is enshrined in the temple? Dao Ancestor Wang?"Sun Rong was curious.

"Dao Ancestor Wang is too illusory for most cultivators. It is an existence that is elusive. The older generation of cultivators have feelings for Dao Ancestor Wang. But in the eternal time, these new generation of cultivators have feelings for Dao Ancestor Wang. The people the researchers have the most contact with are us, that is, the Four Emperors."

Having said this, Emperor Dong couldn't help scratching the back of his head: "Hahaha. I'm a little embarrassed to say it. In fact, the four of us are the ones enshrined in this temple..."

"..." Wang Ling, Sun Rong, Wang Zhen was stunned at the same time. Three faces were confused.

Good guy. Taoism worships the Three Pure Ones. Buddhism worships Tathagata. Throughout the ages, they actually worshiped the Four Emperors...

So going to the temple now means that Emperor Dongda will worship himself.

This is too shameful!

"That means the four of you are worshiped at the same time in the temple? If you have different beliefs, will there be a direct fight?" Wang Zhen couldn't help but ask.

"You don't know something about this."

At this time, Zhang Zhui spoke up and explained on his behalf, with an old-fashioned look: "Only the Central Galaxy is special. There are statues of the four emperors in the temple. Otherwise, everyone usually worships each other.

"Worship the emperor in whichever region you live in. Of course, there are also more moderate and stable groups who offer sacrifices to all four at home. No one can be offended."

"As for the temple in the Central Region, it is because there are ancient city guards jointly sent by the four regions. Even if they have different beliefs, they will not fight because of their different beliefs."

"What about the faces of the Four Emperors statues?"

"Of course it's DIY..." Zhang Zhui replied using a more modern word: "Normal cultivators cannot reach the level of seeing clearly the faces of the four emperors when their combat power is at full strength. Therefore, the true appearance of the four emperors is unknown among the people. There have been many versions circulated. And the one used for carving statues of gods is naturally beautiful and just right. The kind of facial features that are not angry and self-defeating."

so it is.

Wang Ling, Sun Rong all nodded secretly.

Things in the eternal world and some unique folk cultures are not common in modern cultivation society. They are knowledge that cannot be learned in textbooks.

This aroused a strong interest in both of them.

As for Wang Zhen, he knows more about eternal things than Wang Ling and Sun Rong. But those are just some things passed down by the elders. Many things are hearsay. Now through this opportunity Going to the Eternal World can be regarded as a make-up study.

The nearest temple to the Central Auction House is five hundred miles away. Zhang Zhui hired a Pegasus carriage and took everyone there.

Everyone was riding in the carriage and speeding across the sky. As they approached the temple, Emperor Dong Da's body began to radiate divine radiance. Colorful and seven-color runes bloomed from his body like lotus flowers. It was dazzling.

There was no sound at all. But it exuded a terrifying spiritual fluctuation.

"Oops...forgot about this..."

Emperor Dong pondered. Something was wrong. He squeezed the magic weapon with his hand and quickly forced the spiritual energy that was involuntarily emitted from his body back into his body.

"Why is this happening?"Sun Rong was completely stunned.

Just now, Dong Dadi's body was like a rainbow bridge. His whole body seemed to be releasing fireworks. It was really beautiful.

"Because of the worship in the temple, someone is communicating with me. That's how it is. This is a kind of spiritual reaction. It can be regarded as a response to their wishes."

Emperor Dongda sighed: "For example, right now, when I am communicating with you, I hear many wishes in my mind. They are all made by my believers."

"Do you have any excessive wishes?" Wang Ying asked with a sly smile.

"Eh... The immortal promotion meeting is coming soon. Some people want to get a good rank in the exam."

"Immortal meeting?"

"This is a conference jointly held by the royal families of the four regions. The purpose is to select some casual cultivators scattered among the people. Without family background or background, they can become members of the royal family through this immortal promotion conference." Zhang Zhui said.

"Can it still be like this?" Wang Ying was stunned.

"The result of your own struggle. Of course! If the male monk has good grades, he can choose to marry into his wife. If he has financial resources, he can also marry through a matchmaker. If the female monk has good grades, she can choose a member of the royal family to marry and directly become the eldest lady. ."

Zhang Zhui said: "Once they are married, the child they give birth to will be a member of the royal family. Do you think in modern times, are the eternal beings with royal status stronger? The blessing power of blood inheritance is still very realistic. .But I remember that in previous immortal meetings, the royal families that were most favored by top casual cultivators seemed to be the Qinghua Sect in the Eastern Region and the Beida Sect in the Northern Region?"

"Yes. The top casual cultivator in the Immortal Conference has the right to independently choose all the royal families participating in the Immortal Conference. And the people who choose these two royal families are the most." Emperor Dong Da nodded.

Wang Ying: "That doesn't sound like an excessive wish."

Emperor Dong: "But they are only three years old!"

Everyone: "..."

Sun Rong: "Then senior, why don't you find someone to help you filter your wishes?"

Emperor Dong Da: "All the major temples have a mechanism like wish cards. But can the wish written in the wish card be called a wish? The card says no desires and no demands. What I think in my heart is that I want them all. And I hire people. It's very expensive. I have sent people to guard every temple in this eternal world. Where did you get so much money?"

Sun Rong: "But senior, don't you have many believers? They don't give money to those who make wishes?"

Emperor Dongda laughed: "You don't really think that the money in the petition box in the temple can get into my hands..."

Everyone: "..."





Chapter 1873 Meeting an old friend forever


Dong Dadi's words were so true that he was speechless for a moment and couldn't say a word.

Not to mention the eternal world, even those Buddhist disciples in the modern world of cultivation. The money in the merit box has never belonged to the Buddha.

As the sage of Buddhism, Monk Jin Deng should know this very well.

But why did Madam Shanxiu, the leader of the Immortal Mountain Sect, make an appointment with them at the temple?

Is it because I am a believer of one of the Four Emperors? Or does this move have a deeper meaning?

Wang Ling frowned. He was thoughtful.

He had a vague intuition that this Yama Hideo was not simple. He might even be a fellow traveler with them.

Of course. These are just Wang Ling's own guesses.

He had a hunch that the next trip to the temple would be extremely lively.

When the speeding carriage landed, what Wang Ling saw was a building that looked extremely mysterious and magnificent. The stretching walls of the ivory-white temple were carved with various runes from ancient times. The environment inside Very nice. Small bridge and flowing water. Rockery fountain.

According to Zhang Zhui, the temple architecture in the Central Region integrates the styles of the four regions. It is a relatively special existence. It is designed to allow believers to worship the emperor they believe in devoutly.

Compared with ordinary temples, the Central Region Temple has three additional halls. They are located in the four directions of southeast, northwest and northwest. The specifications of all temples are the same. Even the building area has strict requirements. Complete Did exactly the same thing.

This is also considered from the perspective of appeasing believers.

After arriving here, Emperor Dongdai silently observed the reaction near the temple. There were many believers here, the incense was lingering, and there was an endless stream of cultivators making wishes.

Emperor Dong Dadi knew that besides Mrs. Shanxiu, there would be other people looking for him.

King Tiankun would definitely not miss such an opportunity. Even though the guards of the ancient city were terrifying, they could not deter the prince of the Western Regions.

If the other party really dares to attack directly in the Central Territory, and the most important thing is that this is a temple with a statue of the Western Emperor. If he chooses to attack here, he might even get the remote blessing of the Western Emperor.

But Emperor Dong Da is not very worried. There is still the senior named Wang hidden in his body!

This is what he can use now. It is the greatest killing weapon in all eternity. Once used, it can crush everything.

But after all, the gathering of the four emperors has not officially started yet. Emperor Dongda does not want to reveal his identity so early.

After all, no one has seen the true appearance of the great emperor. They all rely on the Dharma to identify his identity.

Therefore, if he really faced off against King Tiankun in the future, Emperor Dongda would not intend to use his Dharma to fight.

To deal with a small prince, asking a great emperor to directly sacrifice his Dharma to crush him would make him feel very shameless.

As an emperor, Emperor Dongda rarely comes to places like the temple. After all, it would feel strange to visit the temple by himself. But today, due to the needs of the historical process, he had to come here to visit.

A huge temple. There are four orderly long queues lined up in the courtyard. There are ancient city guards here to maintain continuity. Everyone stands in front of the temple of the emperor they believe in and waits devoutly to worship. There is no chaos or noise at all. .

"They are quite harmonious. I thought they would fight." Wang Ying joked.

Zhang Zhui sighed and said: "After all, there are guards from the ancient city. Most people don't dare to act recklessly. In addition, many people believe that if they act recklessly here, they will be punished by the Four Emperors, which will cause their realm to stagnate."

"Is there such a saying?" Wang Ying was curious.

"Actually, no. It's all psychological." Dong Dadi himself clarified.

There seem to be many followers of the Four Emperors. But basically only a small part of these believers are die-hard fans. Most people actually act according to their hearts.

If the wish you make comes true, you will only worship a certain emperor for a period of time.

If the wish you made does not come true, you will immediately switch to other emperors and become fans of other emperors.

Even in the eons of time. These are very real things.

Although they seem to be disrespectful to the emperor, there are many believers. As emperors, they are not so small-minded as to specifically target a certain believer.

"Pray to Emperor Dongda! Bless the descendants of my Chen family. May all your wishes come true! Follow your words!" As soon as they entered the threshold of the temple gate, everyone immediately heard the voice coming from the palace of Emperor Dongda.

A large string of rosary beads hung around his neck. A bald middle-aged man was lying on the ground with an exaggerated posture, prostrating devoutly.

Even though everyone's posture of worshiping is different and there is no particular set of rules, this man still attracted the attention of many people because he was too exaggerated.

"Look, it's such a weird wish again. I haven't even said it. How can I protect the descendants of the Chen family from delaying the law..." Dong Dadi complained in the team's voice skills. .

"..."

For a long time, Wang Ling remained silent.

Because when it comes to the Chen family who "do as they say". The first impression that comes to Wang Ling's mind is Chen Chao.

He wasn't sure if there was any connection between the middle-aged man in front of him and Chen Chao...

After all, this has spanned eternity. If Chen Chao is really a descendant of this Chen family, it would be a coincidence.

Wang Ling was secretly cursing in his heart. Immediately following the middle-aged man named Chen, another woman with a rich body began to pay homage to the statue of Emperor Dongda: "Pray to Emperor Dongda! Bless the descendants of my Guo family. I have a wide network of connections." . Have no worries about food and clothing. Can carry forward the spirit animal breeding business!"

Now it's not just Wang Ling. Even Sun Rong was shocked: "Classmate Wang Ling. Why do I always feel that this senior sounds so much like Guo Hao..."

"It can't be such a coincidence, right?" Wang Zhen also found it incredible.

This is an eternity. This time span is too big. It can be passed down from that period to the modern era... what a powerful bloodline power.

Moreover, most of the Eternals were later imprisoned in the Corpse Map by Dao Ancestor Wang.

Although it has been found that not all the Eternals are locked up inside. There are still a small number of Eternals. Even people of royal blood among the Eternals are fleeing. But the probability of surviving and leaving behind the fire is simply as low as dust. inside...

Wang Ling never believed that there could be any coincidence when the time span was so long. But the situation before him had to make him have some doubts and doubts about such a coincidence.

"Dad, let's go. It's useless for you to do this." At this time, a short-haired young man ran over from the side and helped up the middle-aged man with a big rosary hanging around his neck.

"Ren'er must not be rude. This is the emperor! He will hear our voices!" The middle-aged man named Chen looked pious.

"But you make your wish as you wish. This is too unrealistic. Doesn't this mean the same thing as your wishes coming true? Unless Emperor Dongda himself appears in this temple, I definitely don't believe that he will realize my wish." Chen Ren sighed.

Dong Dadi: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

The rest of the crowd: "..."





Chapter 1874 The number of strange companions increases


As soon as Chen Ren said these words, Wang Ling had to pick up his energy and start to look at the young man carefully.

If you don't look carefully, this eternal version of Chen Chao doesn't seem to be much different from Chen Chao. The exquisite small head, regular facial features, dark skin, and just the right muscles seem to be synonymous with Chen Chao.

If I were to say what was different, it would be the scar on the bridge of his nose. Also, he was slightly taller than Chen Chao.

The heavenly materials and earthly treasures used by the eternal cultivators are far more powerful than those used by modern cultivators. The elixirs refined by modern cultivators with the heavenly materials and earthly treasures already have the standardized process of scientific cultivation. But the eternal cultivators are different.

They still use a relatively primitive method of alchemy. They throw the collected heavenly materials and earthly treasures into the alchemy furnace, and then resign themselves to fate.

If it is refined, the medicinal properties are far more powerful than modern ones. Therefore, the eternal cultivators who can survive will be much stronger than modern cultivators in terms of realm growth and development.

Modern cultivators pay more attention to safety. Pills of the same standard will not have any negative effects on the body. The rest is to use money to pile up resources for cultivation.

According to Zhang Zhui, there are not a few cultivators who have taken medicine to achieve breakthroughs and died through the ages. Together, they can circle the earth several times.

"Chen Ren. I knew your boy was here too!"

Just when Wang Ling was watching Chen Ren in a daze, a carefree voice came from the distance.

A huge figure walked out of a palace, and then came to the door of the Dongda Emperor's palace. This man was fat and had short hair. After greeting Chen Ren from a distance, he started talking like Chen Ren. He lifted up the wealthy woman who was prostrating on the ground.

"Mom, it's useless for you to worship the Great Emperor. I just don't want to practice... It's so pleasant to raise the spiritual animal ranch at home." said the fat man.

The plump woman sighed: "I just know that you don't like to practice. So I didn't go in that direction with my prayers to Emperor Dong. I just hope that you can have more friends and a wider network. In this case, at least I will have friends to take care of me in the future. I will not be bullied."

"You like to raise spiritual beasts. We all know this...you can practice it. You still have to practice it. After all, the level of your realm affects your longevity. Your father and I don't want to see you die young."

The rich woman taught earnestly.

In a daze, Wang Ling felt that this was an eternal fate that could not be explained in words.

Even if he doesn't believe it anymore, the overlap of attributes between the two people in front of him is still too high compared to Chen Chao and Guo Hao!

"Brother Guo Jie. I knew you were here too."

Just like the modern cultivator, the relationship between the two in the eternal era was also very good. Looking at Wang Ling, it felt like a world away.

If I hadn't known that this was the Eternal Period. Wang Ling, I would have thought that the people standing in front of me were Chen Chao and Guo Hao themselves.

"I can't help it, because I found that many friends came here to pay homage. It took some time to say hello to each one." Guo Jie laughed. The fat on his face looked very elastic: "We don't have to be so polite."

"Yes. We grew up together. It would be too fake to be so polite." Chen Ren laughed. The two of them hooked up and hugged each other instantly.

In this regard, both parents were helpless and looked at each other with a smile.

Wang Ling In fact, I really want to get to know these two people. Because this can further determine whether these two people are related to Chen Chao and Guo Hao in the future.

But because I was worried that trying it myself would disrupt the course of history, I still resisted this impulse.

As a result, what Wang Ling didn't expect was that Emperor Dong Dadi actually walked over on his own.

Wang Ying: "Do you know them?"

Emperor Dong shook his head: "No. I just feel that you, senior, want to get to know them."

Wang Ying: "Don't. It will affect the course of history."

Emperor Dong: "Small details don't matter. As long as big events don't change. For example, if there is a duel between emperors here in the future, it will affect many people. In this case, no matter what you do It will not affect the course of history."

These words caused Wang Ling, Wang Ying, Sun Rong and others to instantly fall into deep silence.

Because they heard the meaning of the words.

In the course of history, if an irreversible disaster occurs, no matter what you do before the disaster, it is indeed innocuous... because the disaster is immutable, and everything after the disaster will be destroyed.

This made Wang Ling suddenly have a doubt.

Because he knows the fate of all the eternal beings.

Most of the Aeons were eventually imprisoned in the Corpse Map by Dao Ancestor Wang.

If we say... this time is a big disaster...

So in theory, no matter what they do now, it seems that it will not change the course of history.

But this is just an idea of Wang Ling. At present, he is not particularly clear about the structure of the eternal world. It is always right to be steady.

Moreover, the operation in which all the Eternals were imprisoned in the Supreme Corpse Map was actually not a natural disaster, but a man-made disaster.

Since it is a man-made disaster, the probability of triggering may not be 100%.

So the answer that Wang Ling thought about under this premise is that everything they are doing in the diary now may be to pave the way for Dao Ancestor Wang to wrap up the Corpse Map with the Eternal One.

It's too complicated.

At this time. Wang Ling sighed in his heart.

It is not easy to sort out all the events. Now we can only take one step at a time.

"This brother, stay here. I seem to have seen you somewhere." Just as Emperor Dong Dadi was walking towards the east hall, Guo Jie's voice suddenly came. Then he squinted at him.

"Oh? Really?" Dong Dadi smiled. He was very kind and warm.

"You look very kind. And judging from the style of your clothes, you should be from the Eastern Region, right? Only people from the Eastern Region will be equipped with the Suzaku feather pattern on their bodies. I see that the Suzaku embroidery on your robe is Very delicate...the identity must be unusual." Guo Jie frowned and guessed.

"You know a lot." Dong Dadi agreed.

"Hey, I heard it all from my friends. I don't have anything. I just have a lot of friends." Guo Jie laughed.

"Senior is laughing at this. He's like this. He's familiar with himself." At this time, Chen Ren stepped forward and made a respectful gesture of clasping fists.

"You are a polite child." Emperor Dong Dadi nodded with satisfaction.

"I think the senior has extraordinary magnanimity. There are other seniors around him who are closely assisting him. He must be from the royal family from the Eastern Region." At this time, Chen Ren also expressed his opinion: "Besides, you must be a fan of the Eastern Emperor. "

Emperor Dong: "...How can we see it?"

"Senior, isn't dressing like this a tribute to Emperor Dong? Is it possible that senior dares to say that he is Emperor Dong himself?"

Chen Ren couldn't stop laughing: "Even if it is, that's too weird. How can anyone come to worship themselves? Do you think so?"

Dong Dadi: "..."

Sun Rong: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

The rest of the crowd: "..."

Wang Ling found it.

Sure enough, the Chen family is in danger...

It has been dangerous since ancient times...





Chapter 1875 Are all the 60 people descended from the Eternal One?


Chen Ren's danger now doesn't even need to be explained. Emperor Dong Dadi can also feel it.

It turns out that there really are people like this in this world who can tell the truth of things unintentionally. The key is that they don't have much awareness of what they say.

This is too terrifying. In a sense, such talent has even surpassed that of the royal family. It is amazing.

It doesn't rely on the power of blood at all. It's just crushing by one-sided talent.

And speaking of bloodline, this is what makes Emperor Dong the most miraculous.

"Senior Wang... these two people, especially this one named Chen Ren. Do you all know their descendants?" Dong Dadi asked weakly in the team voice skills.

"It is true that there are two descendants who are very similar to them. And they even have the same surname. But it is still unclear whether the two people I know are their descendants." After a moment of silence, Wang Ying finally answered truthfully.

This made Emperor Dong Da even more surprised. He was shocked in his heart.

The two people in front of me are not even of royal blood. At most, they are just nobles in a domain. They are the kind of rich people who have no worries about food and clothing. However, their cultivation talents are not as good as those of the royal family.

If Guo Jie and Chen Ren are really the ancestors of Guo Hao and Chen Chao, then it can be said that the fortunes of these two families are simply heaven-defying!

He is obviously not an eternal person with royal bloodline, but he can leave his descendants to span eternity until the modern world of cultivation. This is what kind of terrible luck for the family. Not even many royal families have it.

You must know that Dao Ancestor Wang later went crazy and imprisoned all the Eternal Ones. The emperor, the royal family, the casual cultivators among the Eternal Ones, and the people did not spare any of them. They were all included in the same world in the picture.

As for the remaining people who can survive, there are probably only a few tenths of a percent of them. And people of royal blood must be easier to escape from the clutches of the devil. Because if they are strong enough, they may have the ability to hide things from the outside world. means...

And on the premise that they are neither members of the royal family nor have enough hard power, there are really very few ordinary people who can just escape openly.

This escape probability Wang Ling seems to be no different from winning the lottery.

All in all, this trip to the temple was a surprise for Wang Ling. It can also be said to be a shock.

This feeling of meeting an old friend in a foreign land makes Wang Ling feel amazing.

So here comes the question. Now that the suspected ancestors of Chen Chao and Guo Hao have appeared, will he also meet himself from the eternal period...

Originally, they came to the temple to wait for an appointment with Mrs. Shanxiu. Wang Ling did not expect that Mrs. Shanxiu did not wait. Instead, some strange plots were triggered.

"Brother, I think you look familiar. Do you want to leave a spiritual seal for each other?" At this time, Guo Jie, who was already familiar with each other, asked.

He took out a piece of jade with an expectant look on his face.

The Eternal World does not have such modern equipment, let alone the Internet. The communication and communication between cultivators still adopt relatively primitive methods, such as leaving spiritual imprints and the like.

Each cultivator has his or her own special spiritual energy. Therefore, as long as they leave spiritual energy imprints on each other, they can communicate directly through jade if they contact each other in the future. It is equivalent to adding a contact.

"Of course it's possible." Dong Dadi smiled and directly took out his jade stone.

Zhang Zhui was shocked.

This is not an ordinary spiritual engraving. Since it was given by the Great Emperor, it is naturally the Great Emperor's engraving!

There were so many things that many people dreamed of. Emperor Dong Dadi actually gave them to them so easily.

Wang Ling Now I can finally understand it. This Emperor Dong is a master who likes to cause trouble and does not take it too seriously.

After Guo Jie's exchange, Chen Ren next to him also exchanged engravings. In this way, for Guo Jie and Chen Ren, they had made a new friend.

Although they don't know the true origin of this friend so far, they just have a vague feeling that he is a royal family from the Eastern Region.

"It's our first time to meet. I'm so embarrassed to ask for the spiritual seal so shamelessly. Let's do this. How about the two of us treat you to a meal, senior?" At this time, Guo Hao glanced at Chen Ren. The two looked at each other. After looking at him and smiling, he said to Emperor Dong.

"I'm afraid that won't work. I'm waiting for someone. He wants to talk to me about something." Emperor Dong Dadi replied.

"Who is it?" Guo Hao was curious.

"Mei Yunhai. Madam Shanxiu's true disciple. Madam Shanxiu will also come here in the future." Emperor Dong Dadi said.

"Oh! It's them!"

To Emperor Dong's surprise, Guo Jie's network of contacts was wider than he imagined. He even knew Mei Yunhai and Mrs. Shanxiu.

"You know them?"

"More than that. Very familiar!"

Guo Jie said: "Mei Yunhai and I went through the secret realm together before. We knew each other at that time. Of course, it was mainly him who led me through. And I provided support with spirit beasts along the way. Various spirit beasts for transportation. Spirits to assist in the attack. Beasts. As well as food reserve beasts and the like."

Reserve food spirit beast...

Everyone was ashamed when they heard this.

So this is... He was so hungry that he directly ate spiritual beasts as meat?

It’s too cruel!

Guo Jie put his hands on his hips and said with a calculating expression: "And let me tell you, I even know why Mei Yunhai is looking for you."

"Shouldn't it be Mrs. Shanxiu who is looking for me? Why is it Mei Yunhai?" Emperor Dong Dadi asked.

"Mrs. Shanxiu is just here to take charge. I'm afraid you won't agree, senior." Guo Jie replied, "Senior, you should know. Mei Yunhai is the only true disciple of Mrs. Shanxiu. But in fact, Mei Yunhai still has A sister who is not a biological sister. She and Mei Yunhai ran for Madam Shanxiu's true disciple. Unfortunately, she was not selected by Madam Shanxiu."

"Why are you talking to my master about this?" Zhang Zhui asked, raising an eyebrow.

"I know that senior has extraordinary skills. And he is a royal family of the Eastern Region. So since he is a royal family of the Eastern Region, there must be a connection with the Eastern Emperor." Guo Jie said: "Senior, can't you tell? In fact, Shan The main purpose of Mrs. Xiu's search for you is...to send Mei Yunhai's sister to the Imperial Palace in the Eastern Region to practice."

Everyone: "???"

Wang LingHearing these words, I suddenly felt a little cheated.

We agreed to talk about the secrets about the "Book of Nine Realms". Why are we suddenly looking for a partner for Emperor Dongda's harem?

"This woman..."

Zhang Zhui's lips trembled. He was about to scream.

As a result, there was a commotion in the temple.

Several familiar figures appeared at the door, and because of their amazing popularity in the eternal world, they attracted the attention of the surrounding onlookers.

It was Mrs. Shanxiu who came. She also brought her true disciple Mei Yunhai and a young girl who looked down and out.

She wore a long aqua dress with a white silk gauze cover. The pearl belt around her waist was particularly eye-catching. Her black and smooth hair fell down to her waist. She had bright eyebrows and starry eyes. Her snow-white skin was stunning. nice.

The girl's steps are light and full of confidence. It gives Wang Ling a very familiar feeling.

Then she walked up to Emperor Dong Dadi in just a few steps. Before Mrs. Shanxiu could introduce herself to Mei Yunhai, she arched her eyebrows and introduced herself with a smile: "Hello, senior. My name is Sun Fu. I am Mei Yunhai's adopted sister. Immortal An inner disciple of the Shan Sect!"

When this sweet voice sounded in my ears.

Wang Ling was dumbfounded. Sun Rong was also stunned.





Chapter 1876 King Tiankun’s Revenge


There are actually quite a few royal families these days who are thinking of sending their children to the imperial palace for training. But this is the first time I have seen Emperor Dong Dai forcing people to come in even though they are not very familiar with each other.

Even Emperor Dong himself was a little confused after this incident happened, because he found that the direction of the script was now a little off track!

And this... was actually something he didn't write in his diary!

However, Emperor Dong Dadi still chose to deal with it calmly. As he said before, as long as the big events do not change, these trivial things will not affect the real historical process.

Accepting the children of the royal family to practice in the imperial palace. Over the years, he has also approved many new people to come in. In the eyes of others, it is a big deal, but in the eyes of Emperor Dongda, this is really nothing more than a trivial matter.

Emperor Dong Da did not want to reveal his identity, so he bowed respectfully to Madam Shanxiu in front of him: "I have met Madam."

"Sir, there is no need to be polite. It is not convenient to talk here. There is Chunlan Tower next to the temple. I think it is more suitable to talk there." Mrs. Shanxiu squinted her eyes and showed a kind smile.

The two faced each other and communicated using team communication skills.

"So Madam brought me here just to confirm whether there is any connection between me and Emperor Dongda?" Emperor Dongda smiled.

"There is indeed a reason for this." Mrs. Shanxiu nodded slightly. In comparison, the Central Region Temple enshrines the four emperors at the same time. Under normal circumstances, after entering the temple, believers will go directly to the temple of the emperor they believe in. . .

From this, Mrs. Shanxiu tested the identity of Emperor Dongda.

"Sorry ma'am. I can't help you with this matter."

However, to Mrs. Shanxiu's expectation, Emperor Dongda quickly declined her invitation after bowing politely: "As far as I know, the quota for the Eastern Region Imperial Palace has been filled this year. And the Eastern Territory Imperial Palace has been filled." We have just experienced a war. Many palaces were destroyed. It can be said that everything is in ruins, so there will be no new plans until it is completely restored to its original state."

He chose to refuse directly. And he gave his reasons almost to the letter, leaving Mrs. Shanxiu speechless for a moment.

In the opinion of Emperor Dong, simply refusing is the best way. It will not leave any trouble at all. And it is impossible for him to leave in this situation.

Because his purpose of coming to the temple was actually to wait for the furious King Tiankun to appear. As for asking for the secret of the Book of Nine Realms, it was just a matter of convenience. But Emperor Dongda did not expect that Mrs. Shanxiu would actually use this secret. The bait lured him to the temple to test him.

All kinds of behaviors have made Emperor Dong Da extremely dissatisfied. Therefore, even without the above-mentioned remarks, he would not accept the girl named Sun Fu in front of him.

But after all, it was in front of the girl. Although he had declined Mrs. Shanxiu with the sound transmission technique, Emperor Dong still said to Sun Fu in a calm tone as much as possible: "This girl is extremely talented. I can do anything I want." It's a hot cake that everyone is vying for. You don't have to choose the Eastern Region Imperial Palace. The Eastern Region Imperial Palace is in chaos right now. Maybe it would be a better choice for the girl to find another way out."

These words of extraordinary talent are not the polite words of Emperor Dong.

Sun Fu's talent for cultivation is indeed very good. She has already reached Soul Formation at a young age. This is very rare. If resources can be increased to cultivate it, it will not be difficult to enter the ancestral realm in the future.

And Emperor Dong Dadi could see that Sun Fu had suffered a lot. Although she was young, she was a ruthless character. She had a vague aura of thunder in her body, which proved that Sun Fu had just resisted the natural disaster not long ago.

And he did it without the help of outsiders, using his own strength to resist the catastrophe. This is not something ordinary people have the courage to do.

However, after listening to Emperor Dong's words, Sun Fu's eyebrows wrinkled slightly. She was obviously a little surprised by such a rejection. She was not selected as a true disciple by Madam Shanxiu. It was not because her talent was not as good as Mei Yunhai's.

It was because Mrs. Shanxiu felt that it was a waste of her talents to stay in the Immortal Mountain Sect. It would be better to be sent to the Imperial Palace to experience and practice like those royal children.

She originally thought that if an outstanding young lady like herself could find a way to enter the imperial palace, she would not be rejected.

But the man in front of her showed no interest in her at all. On the one hand, he said that she was a prize that everyone was vying for. On the other hand, he rejected her invitation and asked her to find another way out.

Sun Fu thinks this is completely illogical...

"Senior, are you trying to test my sincerity?"

After thinking for a long time, Sun Fu came up with an answer. She faced Emperor Dong Da's message with a wide-open mind and said, "I understand! It is not easy to join the imperial palace. If you are not careful, you may get mixed up with other people." Detailed work in a large area..."

Dong Dadi: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

Sun Rong: "..."

"But please don't worry, senior. Sun Fu is definitely not that kind of person! Sun Fu has had no father or mother since she was a child. It was Brother Yunhai who picked me up and took me back to the Immortal Mountain Sect. I practiced under Madam Shanxiu. Reputation in the world of cultivation. This is the kind of trust that seniors always have to give, right?"

Sun Fu saluted again and said respectfully: "No matter what the seniors think of me, it is Sun Fu's wish to join the Eastern Region Imperial Palace. I am only willing to join the Eastern Region. Now the Eastern Region Imperial Palace is full of waste and is in need of manpower. When the time comes, my little daughter Sun Fu can definitely help."

Wang Ling and Sun Rong were shocked when they heard this.

Now I can’t explain it at all. What is this identical self-braining ability? It’s simply an eternal replica of the modern Sun Rong!

Emperor Dong Da sighed deeply when he heard this.

She didn't expect Sun Fu to be so determined. It was difficult to drive him away now.

But as long as it doesn't affect the overall situation, Dong Dadi thinks it doesn't hurt to leave her behind.

So soon, Emperor Dong changed his mind again. Looking at Mrs. Shanxiu, Mei Yunhai and Sun Fu said, "Let's do it. Madam, this girl Sun Fu can stay with me temporarily. I can also take her to Dong I will go to the Emperor's Palace to meet with the Emperor for recommendation. But now I have important matters in the Central Region, so I won't act so quickly... In the meantime, if this Sun Fu girl can keep her peace and not cause trouble to me. I'm still willing to help with this."

Upon hearing this, Mrs. Shanxiu immediately beamed and said, "In that case, Mr. Lao is here. Of course. Since Mr. Lao can help Fu'er lead the way, I will naturally be grateful to him. I believe he is also very curious about the secrets of the Book of Nine Realms. ..."

These words made Emperor Dongda's eyes light up.

He didn't expect that Mrs. Shanxiu actually knew something. She was not lying to him.

Just as she was about to ask, Mrs. Shanxiu held a cane in her hand. Suddenly, as if she had a premonition of danger, she focused her attention on a certain direction in the void.

Mrs. Shanxiu smiled: "But this matter, it seems that I have to wait until my husband solves the trouble at hand before I can tell him."

It was a powerful and awe-inspiring killing intent. It came across from the sky, carrying an unparalleled sense of might and domineering.

"The old thief in Room 1! You dare to steal my book of nine realms. I am here to find you!"

No one has arrived yet, but the voice has already arrived.

Then, the overwhelming pressure suddenly fell. A strong earthquake immediately occurred with the entire temple as the center.

No one would have thought that King Tiankun would be so domineering and seek revenge directly in the temple in the middle region in front of the statues of the Four Emperors!





Chapter 1877 The gradually deviating script


Trade Central Star. King Tiankun is actually astonishing. His power alone caused the black clouds above the temple to overwhelm the city. There was a magical force that completely obscured the sky above the entire temple. No light could penetrate.

The two snake girls who were following him were far away from each other. They were afraid that they would be affected. They not only hid far away, but also put several layers of spiritual shields on themselves.

They did not participate in the battle. They just kept encouraging King Tiankun from behind: "Come on, Your Majesty! Kill this gangster in Room 1! Get the Book of Nine Realms back! There is a statue of Emperor Xi in the temple. He is an old man." I’m watching!”

Hearing this, Snake Girl Number 2 followed closely and encouraged: "Your Majesty, come on! These people are mediocre in strength. They will definitely not be able to defeat you! You have been on the battlefield for a long time. How can you be afraid of these guys!"

After hearing this, King Tiankun sneered heavily. He stood proudly in the void, full of momentum, as if he didn't notice the people below.

At this time, all the believers in the temple were fleeing and scattered. King Tiankun watched these people flee in all directions without making any move to stop them.

His target was obvious. He came here for Emperor Dong Dadi and his group. As for the other believers in the temple, they were not his target and he had no such interest.

But this is on the Trade Central Star. From the past until now, few people dare to do it directly here.

There was a strange movement in the ancient city. As the alliance army, the guards of the ancient city in the central galaxy could not ignore it. Immediately, there were dozens of guards with spiritual swords on their feet. They appeared densely on the other side of the sky like meteors.

They saw that the person standing there was King Tiankun. The expressions on everyone's faces changed accordingly. This was the representative of the Western Emperor. He had superior combat power. Now he chose to take action here. The guards of the ancient city instantly looked very... It's passive.

"Your Majesty, this is not the place to do anything."

A captain of the ancient city guard stood up and talked to King Tiankun with cold sweat on his head. He was under great pressure and felt awe-inspiring. This King Tiankun was worthy of being the representative of the Western Emperor, a battle-hardened big shot. Just standing in front of me can feel that terrifying sense of oppression.

Seeing that King Tiankun was silent, his Adam's apple rolled involuntarily. Then he said: "If the prince can activate the core world operations, we will leave immediately."

This is the current approach of the ancient city guards to retreat in order to advance. It is their duty to mediate conflicts and wars in the central galaxy.

However, the person they were facing was King Tiankun. He was a very difficult figure. The ancient city guards knew that they were powerless to stop him. They could only retreat to the next best thing. They hoped that King Tiankun would use the core world to fight.

But how can King Tiankun care about this? He doesn't take these ancient city guards seriously at all: "Then my core world will be a mess? I will fight here! Don't worry. I won’t cause you any trouble. I will take action with my own discretion. I won’t cause any big damage here.”

When the guards of the ancient city heard this, they couldn't help but look at each other. They hesitated to speak. Even with King Tiankun's guarantee, most of them still seemed very hesitant.

The battles between Soul Formation realms are all city destroyers. Not to mention a strong ancestral realm like King Tiankun. If the ancestral realm is overtaken, it will not only destroy the world, but also a serious planet. Great war!

"It's okay. Everyone, since King Tiankun wants to compete with me, then I have no reason to refuse. Don't worry, I won't let King Tiankun wreak havoc here."

At this time, Emperor Dong said with a kind smile: "If it is damaged, the idol of Emperor Xi is here. You can ask Emperor Xi for the cost of repairs. I believe Emperor Xi is wise and powerful. He will never pay for it. account."

At this moment, a powerful spiritual energy rushed up like a flame and was released from the body of Emperor Dong. This was just the most common fire spell. It was not the magical power of the Suzaku method, but it was already terrifying.

This is because Emperor Dong did not want to reveal his true identity directly and deliberately hid it. The role he is playing now is that of a royal family from the Eastern Region. Therefore, having fire spells on his body will not make people feel abrupt or strange.

King Tiankun had already seen that the guest in Room 1 was not an ordinary person. But the intensity of the psychic energy still made his eyes jump slightly.

The two people's breaths collided at this moment. The scene immediately became impossible to end. Those ancient city guards in the sky simply could not bear such a breath collision. Being caught in the middle made them extremely embarrassed. They had to be forced to fall from the air. . Responsible for dispersing the crowd and building a barrier around them.

"Mrs. Shanxiu. It's very dangerous here!" An ancient city guard came to Mrs. Shanxiu and tried to take Mrs. Shanxiu away.

However, Mrs. Shanxiu just smiled slightly: "It's okay. I'm right here."

Immediately she glanced at Sun Fu, Chen Ren and Guo Jie beside her: "These three young people are also protected by me. There will be no accidents. You go and drive away the other loose cultivators first. Their safety is more important. ."

Mrs. Shanxiu's expression was calm. It was an unexpected calmness. Looking at Sun Rong, Zhang Zhui and Wang Zhen were both a little dazed.

They were certain that Mrs. Shanxiu had definitely not traveled from modern times. But her calm and calm attitude, as if she already knew the identity of Wang Ling, made several people feel very confused at the same time.

Boom!

King Tiankun pressed forward with his palm. Immediately there was a roaring sound from the avenue. He moved very quickly, like a dragon exploring the sea. It brought out a blazing light that shattered the surrounding space. The flash of dark purple lightning was extremely frightening.

This is the magical power of the Western Region's "The Romance of Dragons and Snakes". King Tiankun has cultivated to the tenth level. It's just one palm. It shows different changes with terrifying speed. Like a snake, like a dragon, like a dragon. Earth-shaking. Intertwined together. Together with the blazing fire emitted by Emperor Dong, they formed a dazzling two-level pattern of yin and yang.

One yin and one yang. One is like a devil coming to the world. The other is like a flying golden crow.

Wang Ling hides in Dong Dadi's body and secretly observes everything. He has never directly helped Dong Dadi take action. Everything he sees now is all Dong Dadi's own power.

It can only be said that he is worthy of being a strong man with the appearance of an emperor. He just stood there with his hands behind his back. With unusual stability,

As Emperor Dong said before, he was facing just a prince. How could a mere prince make him, an emperor, afraid?

So, he stood there and wrapped his palms in firelight. Then he clenched his fist fiercely and blasted out towards King Tiankun in front of him!

Buzz!

Huge and blazing fire burst out from Dong Dadi's fist. Like a fire dragon, it rushed straight towards King Tiankun's body. Dong Dadi's blow was devastating. It exploded with astonishing power and blasted towards Kun Tianwai and then straight into the sky. Forming an amazing pillar of fire that is invisible to the naked eye.

The next scene was unexpected by everyone present. Including Emperor Dongda himself, they all felt shocked.

Because Emperor Dongda didn't think of it at all.

His punch.

He actually beat King Tiankun to death...

And this. This is something that was not written at all in the diary!





Chapter 1878 Self-explosion of identity


Just one punch. King Tiankun was instantly wiped out. Emperor Dongda immediately felt a strong sense of astonishment.

This is not what he wants to see. Because it is not in the script of the diary at all!

Originally, according to the plot in the diary, he would only seriously injure King Tiankun, but not to the point where he would be completely wiped out.

"What's going on? Why was he beaten to death directly?" Wang Ying asked. The expression on his face was as calm as Wang Ling. The two of them felt that things had become interesting.

Originally Wang Ling thought that since this eternal journey was planned, there would definitely be some troubles in the middle. It would not be possible to follow the plot in the diary so smoothly.

At first, he thought that Emperor Dongda and the person who guided him in writing the diary were in the same group, so he concealed the truth and refused to reveal his identity.

But judging from the current results, it is obvious that Emperor Dong Da didn't know anything about the change in the diary track. He was even a little confused.

"No. I didn't want to kill him at all...Senior Wang didn't help me. The punch I just punched was simply not strong enough to kill him." Inside the team's voice skills. Emperor Dong Dadi responded to this It’s also incredible.

"Now it seems that this matter was probably set up by someone together." At this time, Sun Rong added.

According to the original diary track, King Tiankun was only seriously injured. Even Emperor Xi was just left dumb.

After all, this is a place with strict order in the central galaxy. King Tiankun directly used the method of killing people and stealing goods. Then he was seriously injured by Dong Dadi's counterattack. No matter where he got it, Dong Dadi took advantage of it.

But now that King Tiankun is dead, it is not just an ordinary conflict issue. It is directly designed into a diplomatic issue between the two domains.

The person who died was King Tiankun. The most famous prince in the Western Regions! The general who also guarded the Western Regions! He was represented by the title of the Western Great Emperor. His overall strength was second only to the Western Great Emperor!

Such a person ends up being beaten to death...

This is something no one expected.

At this point, the sounds of commotion began to be heard on the streets of the ancient city.

Because King Tiankun suddenly disappeared under this punch. Everyone did not realize that King Tiankun was killed. They felt that the prince might have used some means to escape.

Many people were talking about it for a while. Only Dong Dadi's side knew clearly that King Tiankun died completely. His body was completely destroyed, and not even ashes were left behind.

Several people were at a loss when the two snake attendants who had been following King Tiankun suddenly came over with their graceful bodies.

The two snake women pretended to be facing a formidable enemy. One of them, snake woman Number 1, glared at Emperor Dong Da: "You guy! You actually used such despicable methods. If my prince hadn't escaped quickly, I would have been afraid. I'm going to be seriously injured by your hands!"

Dong Dadi: "..."

Snake Girl Number 2 saw this and quickly echoed: "Yes. Just wait! After my prince regains his strength, he will definitely come to you for revenge!"

The two of them cursed loudly, as if they were afraid that the people around them wouldn't hear.

It was only then that everyone around him understood the "truth" of the matter.

Oh, it turns out that King Tiankun’s feet were greased! He was also said to be the representative of the Western Emperor! He started the fight and ended up running away. This is so cowardly!

For a time, many people on the street started talking.

The area around the temple became chaotic for a while. Everyone had no choice but to find a place to hold a meeting before making long-term plans. Now the historical trajectory in the diary has been disrupted.

King Tiankun was beaten to death. This is considered a key plot point. No one knows what will happen next.

As for the two snake girls who sing and talk like crosstalk, Wang Ling is basically convinced that these two snake girls are one of their own.

Otherwise, he would never instigate King Tiankun to start a war with Emperor Dongda...

Another very important point is that they actually just helped Emperor Dong to temporarily smooth things over.

If it weren't for these two snake girls, I'm afraid everyone would know that something happened to King Tiankun.

However, whether it was Wang Ling or Emperor Dong, they knew very well that this was just a temporary measure. After all, the battle took place in front of the temple, and in front of the idols of the other three realm emperors.

If this matter is over early, it will be impossible to stop the fire. It will be discovered. It's just a matter of time before it is discovered.

Mrs. Shanxiu had mentioned Chunlan Tower before, so Emperor Dong Dadi immediately asked Zhang Zhui to spend money to take over the entire Chunlan Tower.

Emperor Dongda (Wang Ling, Wang Ying), Saint of the Holy Stone Cult (Wang Zhen), and Sun Goddess (Sun Rong) who has been renamed Xia Zi Nian are sitting in a private room.

On the other side, Li Ren (Zhang Zhui) was with the Wangu trio. Chen Ren, Guo Jie, Sun Fu and Mrs. Shanxiu were seated in another private room.

As for Mei Yunhai, he was treated as a tool and held the door at the restaurant.

Wang Ling waited for a while. With this powerful spiritual perception, he soon heard the news about the two snake girls under King Tiankun.

He had already greeted Mei Yunhai. Therefore, when he saw the two snake girls arriving, Mei Yunhai did not stop them and let them go.

After the two entered the door, they immediately ran towards Dong Dadi's house.

The expressions on their faces were very nervous and uneasy. They seemed to have mustered up a lot of courage to come here.

"Excuse me...are you..." one of the snake girls said. Without saying anything else, she began to confirm her identity directly.

Obviously. The two snake girls had received the code that Wang Ling had previously sent out by auctioning the imaginary hair of the mythical beast in the auction house.

But before Snake Number 1 opened her mouth, Wang Ying immediately interrupted and said, "That's right. I'm Wang Ying."

After saying this, the two snake girls looked at each other. They were very smart. When they saw Wang Ying interjecting directly, they immediately understood. Wang Ling should be in the same body as Wang Ying. And it is definitely still hiding. Because I didn’t want to expose my identity, I asked Wang Ying to come forward.

"As expected, it's you, Senior Wang." Snake Girl Number 1 sighed after she figured everything out. She then began to reveal her identity: "I am Liu Qingyi."

Because it has completely deviated from the historical track. Now even if there is no need to form a team to communicate, it doesn't matter if you directly reveal your identity.

Then she turned her attention to Xia Zinian, with a gentle look in her eyes: "This should be my good disciple, Rongrong, right?"

Sun Rong heard this. He immediately laughed out loud: "Eh? Master, how did you know?"

"After all, I have been your cheap master. Your little eyes are so catchy."

With that said, Liu Qingyi, who played Snake Girl Number 1, turned his attention to the saint of the Holy Stone Sect.

Just when everyone thought Liu Qingyi would guess Wang Zhen's identity, what people never expected was that Liu Qingyi actually raised his hand and slapped him in the face.

Snap!

The crisp sound of a blow made Wang Zhen a little confused: "What are you doing..."

Liu Qingyi had tears in her eyes. She immediately went over and hugged him: "Idiot! Do you know how worried I am about you!"

Wang Zhen was stunned. He was about to hug Liu Qingyi, but blood began to ooze from the corner of his mouth.

Liu Qingyi was immediately startled: "What's going on? I just slapped her lightly..."

Emperor Dong Dadi swallowed a mouthful of dog food. Then he wiped the sweat from his cheeks and said, "This brother Wang Zhen, the attached body is already pregnant. Miss Liu just slapped him. It should have moved his fetus." Angry."

Liu Qingyi: "???"





Chapter 1879 The long-planned usurper


Facing the female version of Wang Zhen with a dumpling in front of her, Liu Qingyi's expression was extremely complicated. Although having a child was among her follow-up plans after falling in love with Wang Zhen, she didn't expect that it would come so far in advance!

And the person who is pregnant is not her. It is Wang Zhen himself!

"The key point now is to find a way to go back... otherwise I will really have to give birth if I stay here for eternity and delay it forever." Wang Zhen said in a dumbfounded voice. He took a few breaths and stabilized the fetal movement. But the mask of pain on his face is still very obvious.

He had a premonition that something would happen to this child in the near future. If that happens, this is no joke... He, as a man, has to really experience the pain of childbirth. This is something Wang Zhen cannot imagine. thing.

According to the original diary track, as long as the gathering of the Four Emperors can be successfully completed, then they can directly return to the modern world.

But now the diary trajectory has been disrupted. In other words, the ending of the original meeting of the Four Emperors will also change as a result. It will even lead to many other complicated trajectories.

By then, even if the gathering of the Four Emperors can be held smoothly, it will still be a question whether they can go back after completing their mission.

These days, it is precisely because of the child in his belly that Wang Zhen is almost entirely focused on it and has no time to take care of other things.

No matter how beautiful this Holy Stone Sect saint is, Wang Zhen has no intention of admiring her, let alone any obscene thoughts about this body.

Of course, this is also thanks to Liu Qingyi's strict discipline in the past. Although the young couple have passed through the bodies of different people, they still understand each other's personalities very well.

At the same time, Liu Qingyi has full trust in Wang Zhen. She feels that Wang Zhen will never do anything wrong to her.

"Hey. That's great." This made Sun Rong feel envious. Although Sun Rong also knew it clearly in his heart. It seems that now is not the time to envy others.

These two snake girls were just as Wang Ling expected. They were from their side. And they all came from time-travel time.

As Snake Girl Number 1, Liu Qingyi had already revealed her identity. At this time, Snake Girl Number 2 suddenly laughed and looked at Sun Rong: "Since you have guessed Sister Qingyi's identity, then you can guess mine. What's your identity?"

Sun Rong smiled and replied: "You are Taoist Master You Yueqing, right?"

Seeing that her identity was revealed, You Yueqing showed a self-seeking expression on her face: "Hey, I have only known you for a short time. How come you know me so well? You can guess me right away."

Sun Rong smiled: "Daoist You has an elegant temperament. Even if he enters the body of this snake girl, this aspect will not change easily, right? Of course, the most important point is... Daoist You, can you help me?" Put down the feather duster..."

You Yueqing smiled awkwardly. Unexpectedly, the feather duster on her hand betrayed her.

She actually has the habit of shaking off floating dust when thinking about things. This can be regarded as an occupational disease that she has developed as a Taoist monk for many years.

However, in order to prevent the identity of the snake girl she played from being exposed, she had to endure it these days. But now that the trajectory of the script is completely messy, she can free her nature.

But I couldn't find suitable dust for the time being, so I could only use a feather duster found in a restaurant instead.

It was this habitual action that made Sun Rong notice the clues.

Immediately, Wang Ying used sound transmission to quickly summarize the current situation to Liu Qingyi and You Yueqing.

At this point, everyone fell into deep thinking again.

Back to the subject. At this time, Emperor Dong Dadi sighed: "I didn't expect things to turn out like this. According to the previous script, King Tiankun will not be beaten to death by me."

"This is obviously a third party involved. "

Liu Qingyi analyzed. Looking at this, Dong Dadi said: "And I think. If you really have nothing to hide from us, senior, there is only one situation left."

"Now that things have happened, I really have nothing to hide. Senior Wang is in my body. He has witnessed everything. I still expect Senior Wang to steal the show for me at the gathering of the Four Emperors. Who would have thought that this would happen? "Such a thing." Emperor Dong Dadi was very anxious. It seemed that he really had nothing to hide.

"Then this is actually very obvious. There is a third party who also knows about this diary and intends to deliberately destroy the trajectory of the diary to achieve his or her own ulterior motives."

At this time, Liu Qingyi stared straight at Emperor Dong and said: "Senior, let me ask you again. Are you sure that you are not lying? Do you really know nothing about these mysterious seniors?"

Looking at Dong Dadi with such eyes, he felt a little angry. She was obviously a girl whose realm was much weaker than his own. But for some reason, Dong Dadi felt that she seemed to be shorter than Liu Qingyi.

This is a powerful eye interrogation technique. Wang Zhen is the most knowledgeable about this.

Ever since Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi became romantically involved, Liu Qingyi had been extremely strict with Wang Zhen's interactions with other members of the opposite sex. She would often interrogate him with this kind of glare.

So under Liu Qingyi's eyes, lying is useless. Liu Qingyi can keenly catch anything that is a little bit wrong.

So. After Liu Qingyi stared at Emperor Dong's eyes for a few minutes, she suddenly withdrew her gaze and touched her chin in confusion: "eh... From what I observed, Emperor Dong did not lie. .He really knows nothing about the unexpected situation that is happening now and what happened to this mysterious senior."

"So first we have to figure out what this third party is planning to do by disrupting the original trajectory of the diary." At this time, Wang Ying's voice came.

He used Emperor Dong's body to snap his fingers. A circle of light suddenly appeared in the void in front of him. What was reflected in it was the scene of Zhang Zhui and Mrs. Shanxiu talking in another room.

At this time, Zhang Zhui and Mrs. Shanxiu, after testing each other like playing Tai Chi for a while, happened to ask about the key topic about the Book of Nine Realms.

"My wife said before that in return for my master, my wife would tell a secret about the Book of Nine Realms. Is it true or not?" Zhang Zhui asked.

"My wife is speaking. Of course she means it." Mrs. Shanxiu smiled kindly. As she said this, she winked at Sun Fu on the side: "Fu'er, please take out the things."

"Yes, Madam." Sun Fu nodded obediently. Then she took out a familiar scroll from a storage ring.

"This is..."

Zhang Zhui and everyone in the other room were stunned for a moment.

"As you can see."

Mrs. Shanxiu narrowed her eyes and said mysteriously: "This is another book. The Book of Nine Realms. And it is indeed an authentic book written by Dao Ancestor Wang."

"Then the one we got..."

"That is also an authentic work." Mrs. Shanxiu said: "The Book of Nine Realms. There were originally two books. One is a yang scroll, and the other is a yin scroll..."





Chapter 1880 The long-planned usurper


There are actually two books of the Nine Realms existing in this world of cultivation at the same time...

Whether it was Zhang Zhui who was witnessing it directly or Wang Ling who was peeking at the screen in the next room, everyone was slightly stunned.

"Dao Ancestor Wang... designed two books from the beginning?" Zhang Zhui asked.

"In the beginning, there was really only one copy." Mrs. Shanxiu frowned and said, "Do you still remember the bowl of all things that was first sold at the auction? It is a magic weapon of chaos that can reproduce any object."

"So it's that bowl...that's not right. That bowl is far from that powerful. It's just a replica of the elixir Talisman. How could it be possible to even replicate the Book of Nine Realms." Zhang Zhui was puzzled.

"It is a magic weapon that has the same function as that bowl. And this magic weapon, as far as I know, should be an object from the palace of the outer gods. It is related to the old world." These words once again shocked everyone in the audience.

Regarding things about the old world, perhaps few modern cultivators know about or touch that world. However, this is a common topic among cultivators throughout the ages.

Human beings are creatures full of curiosity. They will never stop tracing and exploring past civilizations.

This is a never-ending cycle.

If it were in the heyday of the old days, these Old Dominators led by outer gods would inevitably trace the origin of the universe.

Although they are a magnificent race in the past history of the universe, Wang Ling is certain that they are definitely not the origin of the universe.

In the vast universe, various mysterious species emerge one after another. The old world, the world of dragons, and the current world of cultivators built by humans are just a drop in the ocean in the vast universe.

"The Book of Nine Realms that Madam is holding now. Is it a Yin Volume or a Yang Volume?" Zhang Zhui was already a little confused. He opened his eyes and asked.

"It's a Yin scroll." Shan Xiufu said: "If you use your spiritual sense to feel it carefully, you should be able to realize that it is surrounded by some extraordinary energy that does not belong to cultivators."

"But I still can't figure it out. Why did that man attack King Tiankun?" Zhang Zhui frowned.

"Because this Yin scroll of the Book of Nine Realms originally belonged to King Tiankun."

"ah?"

"Moreover, this is what King Tiankun entrusted the thief named Zhang Zhui to give to me."

"ah???"

"What's wrong with this brother? Why do you feel so surprised?"

"..."

Zhang Zhui wiped his cold sweat and tried to regain his composure. At the same time, he also began to recall the past events that spanned a long time.

He seemed to vaguely remember such a thing. But if Mrs. Shanxiu hadn't mentioned it at this moment, he might never have been able to remember it in his life.

"Do you still remember that Zhang Zhui stole the Immortal Stone in front of everyone at the auction? That's when the commission from King Tiankun started."

Mrs. Shanxiu said: "Therefore, the Immortal Stone is just a bait. King Tiankun originally planned to hand it over from the beginning. This was originally the reward paid to Zhang Zhui. But the real purpose. He really wanted to hand over this book of Nine Realms. The dark scroll of the book was transferred to the old body."

The topic has reached this point. Everyone around is shocked.

No one would have thought that the truth of the matter would be like this...

On the surface, King Tiankun went to the auction with such majesty. He guarded the Immortal Stone and threatened to arrest Zhang Zhui... All the actions behind this were actually to transfer the dark scroll of the Book of Nine Realms.

At this time, Chen Ren held his chin and couldn't help but speak: "So, the real purpose of King Tiankun is actually to ask his wife to protect the dark scroll of the Book of Nine Realms. And he also knows that he has been captured from the beginning. Targeted?"

Mrs. Shanxiu seemed a little surprised by the accuracy of Chen Ren's guess. After being stunned for a moment, she nodded to herself: "Brother Chen Ren is absolutely right..."

"But what was his purpose in robbing the male sex roll with the gentleman in Room 1 at the auction?" Sun Fu asked.

"Because under normal circumstances, the reproduced items cannot surpass the original ones. But because this Yin Scroll is blessed by the power of the old world, it is surrounded by a mysterious force. In this way, the situation is different from what we imagined. It's different."

Mrs. Shanxiu eloquently said: "The Yin Juan has more terrifying power than the Yang Juan. Not only can it inherit the Dao Ancestor Wang's orthodoxy, but it will also gain power from the old world... According to the old man As far as I know, there are no restrictions on this replica of the Yin scroll. No matter who opens it, they can read the words inside."

"Could this be...a recovery plan from the old world?" Zhang Zhui boldly hypothesized.

"Yes. This recovery plan is very dangerous. And King Tiankun has obviously guessed this, so he started to make plans."

Mrs. Shanxiu said: "This Yin Scroll is just a replica after all. As long as King Tiankun can successfully get the Yang Scroll, he can offset part of the power in the Yin Scroll. Then he can gather his strength to destroy it... But it's a pity. He has never bid for your master."

"So he had no choice but to change his plan. He could only seize the Yang Juan by force. However, he did not expect that he would be plotted by a third party during the battle."

"So, his death really has nothing to do with my master?"

"It's not that it has nothing to do with it... But I can't blame you all for this matter. After all, King Tiankun seems to be planning to digest this matter himself. And I came to this conclusion based on some clues and evidence currently available. Made some inferences."

Mrs. Shanxiu sighed and said: "The moment King Tiankun was destroyed into ashes, nothing was left behind. Don't you feel strange?"

"It is indeed very strange." Zhang Zhui nodded: "If a normal cultivator dies, it will not be so clean. King Tiankun evaporates instantly and disappears in an instant. Such a method... is very unnatural."

"Because the moment the third-party force got rid of him, they also took away all the magic weapons that could be stored in him. From the beginning, they came here for the dark scroll of the Book of Nine Realms."

After everyone listened to the entire inference, they couldn't help but have mixed feelings in their hearts.

Although Mrs. Shanxiu also came to the conclusion based on the clues that she has mastered so far. It can be seen that Mrs. Shanxiu's status in the current world of cultivation. The credibility of what she said is very high.

And this inference is also a very reasonable one. It also explains a lot of things that Wang Ling had not figured out before.

So now the question arises. Who is this third party...

In fact, at this moment, Wang Ling vaguely had the answer in his heart.

"Since Madam has said so much, she should also know something about this third party." At this time, Zhang Zhui asked seriously.

"It's just a guess. Not sure."

Mrs. Shanxiu shook her head slightly and said: "This person's influence spreads all over the Central Region and the Four Major Regions. It is a new force that has flourished in the past hundred years. And through the dispute between the East and West Regions, he has made a lot of money. He has a lot of background. Very strong..."

"Could it be..." Zhang Zhui suddenly remembered something.

"Yes. This force's general surname is: Peng."





Chapter 1881 The long-planned usurper


Mrs. Shanxiu's words can be said to explain many things that were previously unsolved for Wang Ling.

For example, given Dao Ancestor Wang's highly respected status in the world of cultivation, why would he choose a rebellious and rebellious person like Peng Xiren as his disciple?

After all, choosing a disciple cannot just be based on talent. Moral character is also very important.

And now looking at it all together, Peng Xiren is just a usurper claiming to be a disciple of Dao Ancestor Wang.

Because of the promise he made, Dao Ancestor Wang had to accept it and transmit his orthodoxy to him.

"I didn't expect the situation to be like this..."

Even Emperor Dong was surprised when he heard this result. The Peng family, which had risen newly in the past hundred years, and the other four emperors had paid attention to it. But they did not expect that the Peng family was actually making such an idea.

"Seniors, I suddenly thought of a possibility." At this time, Sun Rong suddenly said. The look on her face was extremely solemn.

"Miss Sun, please speak." Emperor Dong Dadi nodded, looking like he was all ears.

"I'm thinking... what if King Tiankun's death, including Peng Xiren's subsequent fight for the Book of Nine Realms, are actually within the trajectory of history?"

I have to say. Sun Rong put forward a very bold idea. It shocked the hearts of everyone present. Everyone looked at each other in confusion.

Emperor Dong Dadi asked: "This...you mean...is still within the trajectory of history?"

Sun Rong nodded obediently. Then he analyzed it unhurriedly: "That's what I think. In fact, the process of the diary was experienced by us, including Emperor Dongda himself, for the first time. Although it is written above What will happen. And it is true that things have not developed according to what was written in the diary. It seems to have deviated from the historical trajectory. But if all this was designed by the senior who wrote the diary, then there are two different theories."

"Since that senior has the power to write this diary that spans time lines, he must also have the power to influence the development of the trajectory. And if he has planned the death of King Tiankun and Peng Xiren will seize the Book of Nine Realms thing. Then everything else will actually fall into place."

"As for what I mentioned above, there is actually evidence for it. After all, Peng Xiren did inherit the Taoist tradition of Dao Ancestor Wang when he was in the modern cultivation society. And this Taoist tradition is very pure. It is obviously not the yin of the Book of Nine Realms. The volume gave him the power."

"This..."

Everyone was stunned when they heard this. Wang Zhen took a closer look and felt that Sun Rong's words really had some truth: "Don't mention it. What Rongrong said is actually quite logical. And how do I feel about it?" . Rather than saying that the person who was clearly arranged was the dead King Tiankun, it would be better to say it was this Peng Xiren."

Liu Qingyi also nodded quickly. Agreeing with Wang Zhen's opinion: "Yeah. It makes sense. After all, in the timeline of modern cultivation society. Even if Peng Xiren inherits Dao Ancestor Wang's orthodoxy, will he still be beaten by Senior Wang? ...In other words, it is very likely that this orthodoxy was deliberately inherited by him in our timeline."

Wang Ling, Wang Ying: "..."

That’s so!

At this moment, Wang Ling had to secretly exclaim that Sun Rong is a genius...

He just wanted to find out the master behind the mysterious article. But he ignored this logical connection.

Yes. This Peng Xiren has completed the inheritance of the Taoist tradition in the modern cultivation society. And even if he has obtained the Taoist tradition of Dao Ancestor Wang, it is not as strong as he imagined.

Taoism is a good thing. It can allow a cultivator to greatly improve his cultivation level in a short period of time. It is equivalent to the ancestor giving him a meal.

But Taoism also has limitations.

Because if Peng Xiren has a talent that surpasses Dao Ancestor Wang, then inheriting Dao Ancestor Wang's orthodoxy will be a shackle for Peng Xiren.

And now it actually proves this point.

Because Peng Xiren looked down upon the orthodox Book of Nine Realms. Instead, he was more interested in the replica of the Yin Scroll. After all, the Yin Scroll contained the power of the old world, which could double-bless his strength. Has endless possibilities.

At this point in the analysis, the situation in front of me seems to be infinitely clear. But facing the script that has completely deviated from the trajectory of the diary, Wang Ling finally knows how to bring the final conclusion to this plot from the eternal world.

"It seems that we still have to watch the meeting of the Four Emperors tomorrow."

At this time, Wang Ying looked around and said: "It is impossible that the West Emperor was unaware of the death of King Tiankun. Given the conflict between the West Emperor and the East Emperor, under normal circumstances, they would have come to seek revenge. But. But There is currently no movement from Emperor Xi. This only shows one thing. That is Emperor Xi has also thought of this. Therefore...he did not take action."

"So. The forces that Peng Xiren belongs to will still take action next."

You Yueqing also said. She tried hard to straighten her posture and control her snake body. Although moving was no different from walking on two legs under normal circumstances, this abrupt feeling was still there all the time.

"This Peng Xiren doesn't know that the Yin Scroll has been transferred by King Tiankun in advance. And it is in the hands of Mrs. Shanxiu. So the biggest possibility now is that he will come to snatch the Yang Scroll directly, and then use the magic weapon or secret technique of the old world. . Make another copy of the Yin scroll!"

"What Master You said is absolutely correct."

At this time, Wang Ying's eyes met You Yueqing's. This Taoist priest was young but very witty.

At this time, on the other side, Zhang Zhui also came over with the Yin scroll given by Mrs. Shanxiu. Mrs. Shanxiu was a person of her word. Not only did she explain the whole story, but she also directly presented the Yin scroll.

She is not stupid. This thing in her hand is like an invisible time bomb. And as an orthodox and upright cultivator, she has no intention of opening it and taking a look.

No cultivator with normal thinking would hope that the terrifying civilization of the old world would be revived in the eternal world of cultivation... That period of history was full of darkness and distortion. It should honestly become history forever, sealed in the long river of time.

"What should I do? How should I deal with this thing?" Zhang Zhui took the initiative to hand over the vaginal scroll.

And Wang Ling also took advantage of the situation and took the Daoyin Scroll. He had no intention of opening it to see. Although he was curious about the old world, Wang Ling now knew very well that he was representing the future cultivators. Make a decision.

So he didn't think much. A dazzling black and white flame immediately rose in his hand. With a bang, the vaginal scroll was burned into ashes.

Emperor Dongda couldn't help but feel his Adam's apple rolling. He didn't expect that the dark scroll of the Book of Nine Realms would be burned so easily... What kind of method was this?

In the past few days, the methods that the senior hidden in his body has repeatedly used have exceeded Dong Dadi's own cognition.

Especially when Dong Dadi just heard people around him saying that Peng Xiren, who inherited Dao Ancestor Wang's orthodoxy, was still being hung up and beaten by this senior king in the modern world of cultivation, Dong Dadi's heart was filled with mixed emotions.

Who is Dao Ancestor Wang...

This is the legend and pearl of the eternal world of cultivation!

Such a person actually made this group of people completely devoid of awe...it's too scary.

Even Emperor Dong Dadi himself began to have some doubts.

This is the first founder of cultivation. Is he Dao Ancestor Wang...





Chapter 1882 The Peng family is ready to take action


At the entrance of Chunlan Building. After Mrs. Shanxiu finished her report, she left with Mei Yunhai, Sun Fu, Chen Ren and Guo Jie.

Sun Fu successfully received the letter of introduction to the Dongda Emperor Palace from the "Mr. Room 1". The pride in her heart was self-evident. Originally, Dongda Emperor only agreed to take Sun Fu with him temporarily. It was just a vague evasion. This move. I thought about waiting for the right time before rejecting Sun Fu.

But now regarding the Book of Nine Realms, Mrs. Shanxiu has fulfilled her promise, which can be said to have made a great contribution. He feels that if he continues to refuse to agree to Sun Fu, it seems that he will not be able to live with it both emotionally and rationally.

So, he immediately asked Zhang Zhui to draft a letter of recommendation using Li Ren's notes, stamped it with the royal seal prepared in advance to hide his identity, and then sent the entire letter to Sun Fu.

As expected. After receiving the recommendation letter, Sun Fu was overjoyed.

"Oh my god. This is the Nine-Star Royal Family Seal! This man is really a great man...with a distinguished status! With this letter of recommendation, you can go to the Eastern Region Imperial Palace to practice. It is 100% possible!" People stared at the seals on the recommendation letters until their eyes widened.

The royal family is a noble member with a distinguished status in any domain. But there are actually three, six or nine levels among the noble members.

Under normal circumstances, the royal family with the Nine Star Seal only shows one thing. That is, the family background of this royal family is directly connected by blood with the emperor in the imperial palace! Therefore, the status is far more noble than that of ordinary royal families.

"Thank you, madam! If it weren't for madam, I think this matter probably wouldn't have been possible." Sun Fu smiled. Her smile was bright, like a summer flower, with a dazzling splendor.

"Sister Fu'er, do you really want to enter the Eastern Region Imperial Palace? Is there anything there that attracts you? Madam obviously has the best relationship with the Southern Region Imperial Palace. If you want to enter the Southern Region, Madam doesn't have to be that big. It takes a lot of trouble." Guo Jie asked.

"I can only say that this is a kind of fate. I always feel that I am destined to the Eastern Region Imperial Palace. And I seem to have met the gentleman in Room 1 somewhere before." Sun Fu said.

"You will always have a chance to meet again..." Mrs. Shanxiu said with a smile.

"We?" Sun Fu was stunned.

"Yes... you..." Mrs. Shanxiu maintained her kind smile.

She glanced at Sun Fu, Chen Ren and Guo Jie. There was a rather meaningful look in her eyes.

On the other side, after sorting out the basic thoughts, Wang Ling has a clear idea of what to do next.

If it goes as he expected, Peng Xiren will definitely continue to attack the Yang Scroll in his hand.

Under such circumstances, he just had to sit back and wait. However, Wang Ling felt that he could not wait that long. He wanted to find Peng Xiren and understand the fate of this eternal period.

However, the Eternal World is so big and includes so many galaxies. Finding a single person among these vast planets is like looking for a needle in a haystack.

This will require the help of others.

Fortunately, Wang Ling has contacted many partners now. As long as everyone cooperates together, it will not be difficult to find a Peng Xiren even if the universe is vast.

"If we have the help of the other emperors and gather the power of our four emperors to set up a dragnet, it will be easier to find this Peng Xiren." Within the team's voice skills, Emperor Dong said.

"But the meeting of the four emperors has not started yet. How can we contact the other emperors?" Zhang Zhui asked.

There are ways to contact the other great emperors. However, this method is not direct. You still need to wait for the responses of the other great emperors. And this delay may cause trouble.

Therefore, according to Dong Dadi's own analysis, it is best to have a person with hands and eyes that can reach the sky at this time. He can come out as a link to transmit intermediate information. Moreover, this person must also have a clear understanding of the positions of the four emperors.

And the only person who could find such a person in this eternal world made Emperor Dong think of Liu Muchen, the president of the Central Auction House.

"Senior Wang...have you said before that Liu Renwen, the son of the president of the Central Auction House, is also one of your people?" At this time, Emperor Dong Dadi suddenly asked.

"That's right. It's also time travel from modern cultivation society to eternity." Wang Ying nodded.

"If this senior can be allowed to invite his father Liu Muchen to come out as Liu Renwen, the son of the auction house president, this Liu Muchen should be able to be used as a link to convey the message of our four emperors. And maybe he can have the means to show up in front of the gathering of the four emperors. Just find a place. Let's meet first." Emperor Dong said.

"He knows information about your four emperors? Who is this person?" Wang Ying was very curious.

"It is said that this Liu Muchen was once Dao Ancestor Wang's personal guard..."

"No wonder he has such skill." Wang Ying sighed.

He felt that all this was an arrangement. Fortunately, the person who had time-traveled into Liu Renwen's body was Qin Zhong. So as long as Wang Ling remotely sent a message to Qin Zhong to ask him to do this, please It shouldn't be difficult for Liu Muchen to leave the mountain.

In fact, Liu Muchen and Qin Zhong arrived faster than Wang Ling imagined. He only sent the order to Qin Zhong in less than a quarter of an hour.

Two men in black robes who wrapped themselves tightly appeared at the door of Chunlan Tower.

One of them is Qin Zhong, who traveled through Liu Renwen's body.

Everyone here is surprised that things can be implemented so quickly.

"Senior Qin got it done so quickly?" Sun Rong glanced at Qin Zhong who had taken off his hood. Then he saw the man standing next to Qin Zhong also took off his hood.

This is a well-proportioned middle-aged man with a mustache. The first impression of Sun Rong has a sense of calmness and dignity. He exudes a touch of majesty.

This person is none other than Liu Muchen himself.

Considering that Liu Muchen had previously served as Dao Ancestor Wang's personal guard, it would not be too surprising to have such momentum.

However, soon, Sun Rong found that Liu Muchen was gradually losing his strength. He first glanced at Sun Rong and said "Master's Wife".

Sun Rong immediately responded with a stunned look: "You...you are..."

Immediately afterwards, the calm and intimidating face began to distort. The moment he saw Emperor Dong Dadi, he half-knelt on the ground with tears in his eyes. He rushed over crying: "Master, Master! I miss you so much." Ah! What would the disciples do without you?"

Wang Ling: "..."

In fact, even Wang Ling himself would not have thought that Zhuo Yi would actually travel through time to be Liu Muchen, the president of the Central Auction House.

This world is really too small!

At this moment, Wang Ling sighed in his heart.





Chapter 1883 This world is really too small


Amidst Zhuo Yi's series of strong men acting coquettishly, Wang Ling's spirit began to become a little trance-like.

At this moment, he suddenly felt that the world was really too small.

Of course, all these arrangements and coincidences can also be said to be a kind of luck. Although he did not impose the "Great Luck Technique" on himself, Qin Zhong is the only koi in the world of cultivation that he has designated.

With this koi, their luck will not be too bad.

Liu Muchen, the president of the Central Auction House, is the only candidate to hold the four-domain intelligence network. No one can replace Liu Muchen as an excellent middleman in the eternity of time.

But for Wang Ling, whether Zhuo Yi can play the role of Liu Muchen well is still a question.

All in all, it is impossible for the real Liu Muchen to do such a thing as crying for his father and mother and pounce on someone when he sees someone... This, this, this, he actually rubs his head in his arms. How unbecoming is this? !

Wang Ling pushed Zhuo Yi's head away with a calm expression. He sighed in his heart. He felt that Zhuo Yi was not sensitive at all.

If Jiugong Liangzi sees it, he will definitely be jealous!

"That's not right. How do you understand this?" At this moment, Wang Ying suddenly sent a message to Wang Ling and asked. As the shadow of Wang Ling, he and Wang Ling had a connected mind. So he was thinking about things at Wang Ling. He discovered a blind spot.

As a young man who doesn't understand style and has always regarded himself as having a paralyzed face, he actually knows how to be "jealous". This makes Wang Ying feel incredible.

Facing Wang Ying's question, Wang Ling felt that Wang Ying was making a big fuss. Of course, he had never experienced all kinds of emotions that normal people should have. Naturally, he didn't know what it felt like to be jealous.

But it's not that he doesn't completely understand what jealousy means. To be precise, Wang Ling knows the literal state of every emotion.

Emotions like jealousy are classified as a "special possessiveness" in the dictionary of Wang Ling. For example, when you see something or someone you like and get closer to others, you will have it. Such a reaction.

In this regard, Wang Ling took the time to give an example to Wang Ying.

For example, he would often feel this way when he saw others eating limited-edition crispy noodles that he couldn't buy!

"This is jealousy! This is definitely jealousy!" Wang Ying held his head. He felt that Wang Ling's understanding of jealousy seemed to have some strange deviation...

But obviously, now is not the time to discuss this.

Their biggest task now is to assemble the four emperors, start a secret meeting in advance, and then set up a trap to invite you into the urn and lure Peng Xiren out.

As the core of this plan, Zhuo Yi will play a vital role in the following plot.

"Master, don't worry. This disciple is confident about this! You don't even need to move. You are here in Chunlan Tower. I will use Liu Muchen's method to call the other emperors here." Zhuo Yi promised with all his heart. road.

As we all know, in the world of eternal cultivation, the person with the highest status besides Dao Ancestor Wang is the Four Emperors who are in charge of the four realms of the universe.

It is extremely difficult for normal cultivators to meet the Great Emperor under normal circumstances. As for the four emperors being able to assemble at a certain designated place in an instant, it is even more impossible for ordinary people to think.

But Liu Muchen has this special appeal.

Even Zhang Zhui was curious: "Even if Liu Muchen has served as Dao Ancestor Wang's bodyguard, can he really have such a big reputation to invite other emperors? There must be some other reasons for this. Are you holding on to it? What do they have to threaten them?"

"Threat? How is this possible... This Liu Muchen was Dao Ancestor Wang's former bodyguard after all. How could he do such a dirty thing? And the object of this threat is the emperor. Although Liu Muchen is strong, if he offends four emperors at the same time, I'm afraid. Isn’t it easy to handle?" Zhuo Yi said.

After Zhang Zhui heard this, he frowned, nodded and said, "That's true."

But now everyone is becoming more and more curious. What method will Liu Muchen use to call the other three emperors here.

As a result, Zhuo Yi just took out a storage bag from Liu Muchen. During the few days without getting along with Wang Ling, he was not idle either. He had been passing on the memories passed to him through Liu Muchen. Study your own identity. Take on the role. Then wait for the opportunity.

He knew that he would definitely get along with Wang Ling. So he was already familiar with everything early on.

To everyone's surprise, what Zhuo Yi took out from Liu Muchen's exclusive storage bag was very simple. It was an ordinary crystal communication ball. It is a relatively advanced communication in the world of eternal cultivation. Equipment.

Different from ordinary communication charms, it can not only accommodate more spiritual imprints corresponding to different cultivators, but also establish a huge address book network.

The most important thing is that you can directly realize face-to-face video calls and project the images into the void.

"You are so close that you can just use the communication ball to shake people?" Emperor Dong was dumbfounded by this and expressed shock.

Although he also has Liu Muchen's communication ball contact information, as one of the four emperors, he knows that he has to call out the emperor-level figures to the designated place... Even if it is Liu Muchen, the process will not be so convenient. !

But now Liu Muchen actually "called" people directly to shake people off, but that's okay...

The relationship between him and the other three emperors has gotten so good?

At this moment, Emperor Dong Dadi began to feel a sense of crisis.

"Don't be nervous. It's not as outrageous as you think." Zhuo Yi showed a mysterious smile.

Then he started to use the communication crystal ball to contact Emperor Xi directly: "Xiao Xi, you can come over. Yes. The Chunlan Tower on the Central Trading Star is opened next to the temple."

Xiaoxiaoxiao...Xiaoxi?

This familiar name once again surprised everyone.

Are you sure the person named this is the Great Emperor? Not the younger brother?

Why do you feel like a black boss calling your younger brother? (╯‵□′)╯︵┻━┻!

Emperor Dong's mentality collapsed. He never expected that the relationship between Emperor Xi and Liu Muchen had gotten so good.

It would be outrageous to call her Xiaoxi directly!

However, just as he was vomiting three liters of blood, the voice of the Western Emperor also came from the crystal ball: "Um... are you sure? King Tiankun is dead. I am still dealing with the chaos. The courtiers need to report it. I directly sent troops to attack the Eastern Region. I'm still fighting Tai Chi with them..."

"Ignore them. You find an excuse to get away. Come directly here. My master, master's wife, senior Zhang Zhui, brother Wang Zhen, Miss Liu Qingyi, Taoist priest You Yueqing, brother Qin Zhong, they are all here." Zhuo Yi spoke. After saying this, everyone finally understood and heard some clues.

Sun Rong understood it instantly. There was a look of realization on his face: "Zhuo Yi Senior, this Western Emperor is not the same..."

At this time, Zhuo Yi just smiled and said: "Yes! This Emperor of the West is actually Senior Li Xian. Brother Qin Zhong and I have done nothing else in the past few days since we came to the Eternal World. We just used this communication crystal. The ball was called. Unexpectedly, every hit was accurate..."

Everyone was even more shocked when they heard this.

Sun Rong: "The other two great emperors..."

"My wife is right. The other two emperors are also ours. The Northern Emperor is Xiang Yi's brother. As for the only female emperor, the Southern Emperor, she is senior Jin Deng."

"Jin...Jin Deng senior..."

"Don't worry. They all acted very well. There is no cheating. Senior Jin Deng has had the experience of being a woman in several reincarnations. It is more than enough to play an empress."

"..."

"That is to say, it seems that except for the Gu Shunzhi brothers, we have found all the people who have traveled to the eternal world."

"No. There is Ying'er. Ying'er is not with me."

"Oh. That's right. Don't worry, Master. I haven't finished typing the address book yet. I'll ask Senior Qin Zhong to stand by and type a few more, maybe it will be done!"

"..."





Chapter 1884 Sun Ying'er is heartbroken!


Wang Ying also knew that Sun Ying'er was missing. Although on the surface he remained calm, secretly he had activated Shadow's sensing ability many times.

However, I don't know why. After arriving in this eternal world, the connection between Sun Ying'er and him was completely cut off. There was no sign of any linkage.

Wang Ying is sure. This is definitely not a problem with Shadow. After all, the connection between him and Wang Ling is still there. This also happens to show that Shadow is operating normally.

But why can't I sense Sun Ying'er?

Wang Ying thinks there may be other reasons for this.

Fortunately, the good news now is that the four emperors who currently control the overall situation of the eternal world. Emperor Dongda is jointly controlled by Wang Ling and him. The other three emperors are their own.

In addition, Zhuo Yi also plays the role of Liu Muchen, who controls the strongest intelligence network in the world. As long as a few people join forces, even if it is to find a needle in a haystack, it is not that difficult to find a targeted person.

As long as they each use their own power to send out appropriate signals throughout the universe, it will be fine.

Of course. The most important premise here is that Sun Ying'er must respond.

For example, in the auction house before, Wang Ling used hints to contact Qin Zhong, Liu Qingyi and You Yueqing.

While waiting for the rest of his friends to arrive at Chunlan Building, Wang Ying clearly felt uneasy.

"Master of Shadows. But you're worried about Ying'er?" Sun Rong was pleased to hear this.

She thinks this is a good demonstration. It has very important reference value especially for Wang Ling.

However, although demonstration is classic, tsundere is also classic.

I saw Wang Ying snort. He held his arms with Emperor Dong's body and said coldly: "Ah. Who will worry about her? She finally hid in this eternal world. She doesn't need to be controlled by me. I'm afraid she is happy. It's too late."

Although Wang Ying's arrogance is not as exaggerated as Jiugong Liangzi's, he still has his own unique side. Sun Rong thinks this may be the contrast between the legendary cuteness.

After all, Wang Ying really has nothing to do with the word cute.

"Master of Shadows. It seems not good to lie. Don't you hope to find Ying'er?"

"Haha. It's the best to find her. It saves me taking time to look for her every night. It causes her back pain. I also have back pain."

"..."

When everyone heard this, they couldn't help but gasp. Those who didn't know the truth felt that the amount of information in this sentence seemed a bit large.

This master hasn't even started yet. The shadows are making rapid progress... and they are already so bored!

This, this, this... what a shame!

"Perhaps the Master of Shadows is right. Ying'er is not here. You are indeed relieved. But except for Ying'er, I am afraid no one can stand your Planet thumping technique." Sun Rong spoke again. This Once she chose to retreat instead of advance.

Wang Ying is as stubborn as ever. She refuses to admit that she wants to find Sun Ying'er: "Even if I, Wang Ying, are scolded to death, I will never think about this guy. She is the Lord of the Void. Useful." Are you worried about me? You're kidding!"

The brief conversation between the two echoed in this space. No one could get a word in.

The rest of the people just watched silently.

Sun Rong's gaze never stopped falling on Emperor Dong. This sight made Emperor Dong stand on end.

But the person she really cares about is not Emperor Dongda. It's Wang Ling.

She really wanted to know how much Wang Ling had learned from it...

"There's always a way."

At this time, Wang Zhen spoke weakly and comforted everyone: "And I think it doesn't matter if we don't find anyone. As long as we complete this plot, it means that our mission is over. And once the mission is over, everything People who travel from modern times to eternity can go back together, right?"

"Theoretically, that's true. But I'm always worried about what might happen."

Zhuo Yi said: "In short, it would be best to find everyone. Brother Wang Zhen, don't worry too much. Don't worry. Your child will definitely not be born before the script ends. After all, I've only been pregnant for a short time, and I haven't taken any magic pills that can quickly induce pregnancy. It should be fine."

Wang Zhen's words touched his heart. He immediately blushed and said, "Let me explain first. I am not doing it for myself..."

"I know. We all understand." Zhuo Yi reached out and patted his shoulder: "If it were me, I would be panicked. So when it comes to this, we all have to learn from Senior Jin Deng."

"Why?"

"Do you think that Jin Deng-senpai never experienced childbirth when he chose to be a woman in his countless reincarnations..."

"..."

Just when the scene fell into a dead silence following Zhuo Yi's remarks.

On the other side, Sun Ying'er is also desperate.

Why didn't she want to get in touch with the army as soon as possible?

However, Sun Ying'er is really powerless now. She screams and roars thousands of times in her heart... I hope someone here can discover her existence soon.

But what makes Sun Ying'er feel even more desperate is that she is now unable to make a sound at all. And the most important thing is that the binding between Shadows has also failed. Wang Ying cannot use Shadow to sense her own existence.

This idiot is a ****! He is usually so cunning and witty. How come he can't discover his own existence!

She thought that after she had been tortured by Wang Ying's Planet thumping technique countless times, the two of them should have a high level of understanding with each other.

Unexpectedly, it failed at the critical moment...

Sun Ying'er is sad inside.

Of course. After thinking about it carefully, she felt that she could not completely blame Wang Ying for not being able to discover herself.

After all, no one would have thought that she was so far away and right in front of them...

That's right.

She came to Eternal Time. The character who traveled through time was the child in the belly of the Holy Stone Sect saint played by Wang Zhen!

At first, Sun Ying'er didn't realize this. He thought he was just trapped by some formation.

However, the slap Liu Qingyi gave Wang Zhen after seeing her shocked her awake...

So at this moment, Sun Ying'er's heart was extremely broken.

She is really miserable!

It’s such a scam!

Why do people who travel to eternity play the role of an emperor! A goddess! A rich second generation with a huge fortune! No matter how bad she is, she is still a maid who follows the prince!

She is just a baby who can't move and has zero fighting ability!

Sun Ying'er found that his mentality was really broken.

The key is that she is really scared. What if the plot ends and no one has found her yet? Will she follow the big guys back to modern times?

If she is unfortunate enough to be left alone in this eternity, how should she go back...





Chapter 1885 Experts gathered in Chunlan Tower


Maybe even the boss of Chunlan Tower didn't expect that he would have a big deal today. Although the boss himself had already received the booking fee with satisfaction and went out to enjoy himself.

Emperor Dong directly paid enough to rebuild a New Chunlan Building. Even if Emperor Dong demolished the place during the negotiation process, the boss would not complain at all.

However, the essence of Chunlan Tower is still a place for male and female cultivators from the eternal world to have fun. It is also the place where the largest number of oirans and oirans gather in the entire Central Territory trade galaxy.

And it is a place like this where fireworks, wine and meat are served. It is a place full of all kinds of splendid illusions and extravagance. A secret meeting of the Four Emperors that will shock the world is about to begin. This is probably something that all eternal cultivators would never have thought of.

Because of the gathering of the Four Emperors, the remaining three emperors were not far from the central trading star. Following the assembly signal emitted by Zhuo Yi, three more people who wrapped themselves tightly came to Chunlan Tower soon. Cloaked man.

Wang Ling Even if you don't feel it, you know it. This is the arrival of the remaining three great emperors. Even if their figures are well hidden by their cloaks, you can still detect it from the unruffled aura of these three people. Show their extraordinary qualities.

In the previous call to summon the crystal ball, Zhuo Yi had hinted at the need to help Wang Ling hide their identity. So after the three people came up, they lined up respectfully in front of Emperor Dong. The trick was done. Full. We bowed together with respect and humility: "Poor monk Jin Deng..."

"Xiang Yi..."

"Li Xian..."

"Meet Senior Wang!"

I have to say that Monk Jin Deng looks very familiar with the body of an empress. He doesn't feel like a man at all. Instead, he embodies the charm of the empress more vividly. The only thing that is a little out of place is that he still retains the ability to be a monk. Habit.

As we all know, although Monk Jin Deng has been a woman, overall he is still a serious monk. The experience of reincarnation is just his daily work as a Buddhist saint. There is nothing to make a fuss about.

But at this moment, Emperor Dong Dadi savored the name carefully and suddenly came back to his senses.

He had heard Zhuo Yi call Jin Deng's name before. He felt that the name seemed very familiar. Now Monk Jin Deng used the word "poor monk" to describe his family name. This suddenly woke up Emperor Dongda. Come: "So it's you..."

"Farewell for eternity. I didn't expect to be able to see the charm of Emperor Dongda across such a long time. It is really a blessing for this humble monk." Monk Jin Deng used the body of the empress to perform the Buddhist ritual. Then he sat down cross-legged.

"Jin Deng. I didn't expect it was really you... I thought it was just the same name."

Emperor Dong Dadi was shocked.

Unexpectedly, this Jin Deng turned out to be the monk Jin Deng he knew! And this monk really lived into the modern world of cultivation! He also interacted with the Senior Wang in his body!

Emperor Dong Dadi suddenly had mixed feelings in his heart. I thought that in the Eternal World Period, Monk Jin Deng's strength was not as incredible as it is now, but he was still one of the best talented players. He was once considered a strong contender for the throne of the Great Emperor.

Everyone gathered. Wang Ying glanced at the front. He nodded with satisfaction. Then he began to convey the meaning of Wang Ling: "I believe what is coming next. You all understand. The situation is urgent. What we have to do now is to This deviated historical trajectory is getting back on track."

"clear."

The other three emperors nodded at the same time. They were all old acquaintances, so there was no barrier to communication.

"Finally, let me talk about the rewards after successfully completing this mission."

At this time, Wang Ying opened his mouth and said.

Theoretically, most of the people here are now members of the Office of Strategic Deception. Although Xiang Yi and Qin Zhong are temporary guests and elders of the Office of Strategic Deception, they are actually members of the official establishment.

Under normal circumstances, Office of Strategic Deception will be graded according to the difficulty of the task. The lowest is D, followed by C, B, A, S, SS and the highest SSS. Then. Office of Strategic Deception will be organized according to the difficulty of the task. Finally, it will be based on The completion of the task and the performance of all task executors during the execution of the task are scored. The full score is 10 points.

During the mission, if the score is below 6, it means that you did not perform outstandingly in the overall mission. You will only get part of the mission points. After accumulating, go to the treasure room of the Office of Strategic Deception to exchange for corresponding items.

A score of 6 or above is completely different. And if the difficulty level of the task you receive is high, the rewards will be astonishing.

Wang Ling is not a stingy person. Although he clearly knows that as long as he says a word, everyone will do their best. But sometimes there are still rewards that should be given.

"This time it is a temporary mission. The difficulty of the mission is the highest SSS level difficulty since the founding of our sect. All core members of the Office of Strategic Deception with a score of 6 or above can choose any magic weapon in King's Pants." Wang Ying said directly. . Conveys the meaning of Wang Ling.

The eyes of everyone present instantly lit up. Wang Ling himself didn't like the things in King's Pants. But to everyone here, every object inside was a treasure that could make the world rush to grab their heads.

Of course. Scoring the sect's mission performance. This matter is usually decided by Lord Diu Lei and the elders of the Office of Strategic Deception after review and approval at a meeting. Occasionally, some sect disciples will deliberately please some elders to cover up their performance in the mission. Poor performance in. A bit of fairness will be lost.

Eh...the above-mentioned behavior. In fact, this is a very serious violation. If it is found out, there will be very severe punishment! In more serious cases, you may be directly expelled from the Office of Strategic Deception.

But this time, with Wang Ling supervising the entire mission, there was absolutely no objection.

Ling Zhenren personally scores. It is absolutely fair and just!

So the problem we are facing now is how to arrange the layout to bring out Peng Xiren smoothly.

With Peng Xiren's cautious character, he would definitely not snatch the Book of Nine Realms if Emperor Dong Da didn't show any flaws.

And if the flaw is deliberately exposed, it will be too obvious, which will make Peng Xiren suspicious.

At this time, the secret meeting of the Four Emperors gathered together. All the human connections and intelligence networks in the entire Eternal World were gathered here.

Soon, Xiang Yi, who played the role of Emperor Beida, suddenly said: "By the way, there seems to be such an incident in Emperor Beida's memory. I remember that the Peng family was recruiting a consort? And the person being recruited was Peng Xiren's sister Peng Beicen. So I I think it would be better to..."

After thinking about it, Xiang Yi quickly stopped talking and shook his head quickly: "No...forget it. I won't say it anymore. This can only be regarded as a bad idea."

"You can speak out first and listen. It's just a discussion. It doesn't matter." Wang Ying said.

Xiang Yi first glanced at Sun Rong. Then he said with a little embarrassment: "What I mean is, since the original copy of the Book of Nine Realms is with Senior Wang now, why not let Senior Wang bring this original copy to propose marriage." .."

When everyone heard this, they were stunned for a moment. Then many people nodded to themselves.

"It's okay. This idea doesn't seem too bad." Li Xian, who holds the title of Emperor of the West, said.

"This, this, this...how can this be done!"

However, at this moment. Sun Rong suddenly stood up excitedly. His face was red: "This is absolutely not possible! It's too dangerous!"

Seeing such an anxious look made everyone around him smile knowingly.

Zhuo Yi looked at Sun Rong's appearance. The corners of his mouth raised crazily. He couldn't hold it back any longer: "Then Master, what do you want to do?"

Sun Rong gained wisdom out of desperation. He patted his chest and said, "Let's do this! Give me the Book of Nine Realms! I'll disguise myself as a man. I'll propose marriage!"





Chapter 1886 She is anxious! She is anxious!


Under the meaningful gazes of everyone, Sun Rong's face became even more rosy. To be honest, even she herself did not expect that she would put forward such bold and constructive opinions.

Eh... In short, anyone can propose marriage! Emperor Dong is not allowed to go! Even if Emperor Dong uses his own body, after all, there are Wang Ling and Wang Ying in his body! Sun Rong always feels like this A little weird!

She believes that her behavior can be regarded as a righteous act. It is not just for her own selfishness. In fact, it is also for Sun Ying'er...

These two shadows kept coming and going. They were about to accomplish something. How could a key node be messed up by something like this?

Well. That's right! The opinions she puts forward now are generally for the happiness of Sun Ying'er and Wang Ying!

It has nothing to do with herself!

no!

"Why do I always feel that my wife's words are a little anxious?"

"Nonsense! Where is it!" Sun Rong got even hotter after being said. Then he looked around and looked at everyone: "Am I in a hurry? Am I in a hurry? Do I look... in a hurry?"

Liu Qingyi patted her shoulder. He sighed: "Don't call me a good disciple. I seem to be a little bit..."

You Yueqing also nodded: "Yeah. It's a bit urgent."

Seeing the meaningful looks in the eyes of the people around him, Sun Rong took a few deep breaths and tried to regain his composure: "Okay... even if I am a little impatient. But this is also for the sake of returning the historical trajectory to the right path. This It's for the sake of all cultivators. It's normal!"

"Master's Wife is indeed a Master's Wife. She can stick to the righteousness of cultivators under such circumstances. We admire her greatly." Hearing this, Zhuo Yi raised the corners of his mouth slightly. He couldn't bear to continue to lead everyone in teasing Sun Rong . Anyway, everyone present has a clear idea of what Sun Rong’s anxious action means.

The only thing that doesn't understand Feng Qing is probably the man who still can't see his expression. The man hiding in Dong Dadi's body has always been paralyzed.

Wang Ling originally did not intend to let Sun Rong go. After all, the Book of Nine Realms is a hot potato in the current situation. Even in the hands of Emperor Dong, it may not be safe. What's more, it has been transferred to In the hands of Sun Rong.

However, Wang Ling changed his mind and felt that it might be smoother to leave this matter to Sun Rong. Anyway, the current historical trajectory is messed up. Even if Sun Rong summons Aohai, it will be smoother. It doesn't matter. We really encountered an emergency. With Aohai's body-protecting sword body at hand, the Peng family's few pieces of material Wang Ling felt that they were no match for the nine-core Aohai.

Of course, there is a more important reason. Wang Ling thinks that girls will understand girls’ thoughts better. The men proposed marriage unexpectedly, which would appear very abrupt.

Sun Rong's thoughts are relatively delicate. Maybe it will make the whole thing look smoother.

The plan was finalized. Sun Rong breathed a sigh of relief. Liu Qingyi and You Yueqing helped to refine Sun Rong inside and out. Mainly focusing on the skin color and facial features, eyebrows and eyes. Some changes were made to give the originally smooth and delicate face a profile that was more masculine.

I didn't make any big changes to my hairstyle. I just adjusted the length to let the green silk black hair fall down naturally. Then I made some embellishments on the bangs on both sides with the forehead as the center line. All of a sudden it was Sun Rong was adjusted into a handsome and handsome man.

When everyone saw Sun Rong coming out of the room wearing the pure white hanfu, everyone couldn't take their eyes away. Her foundation was already very good. Even after being dressed as a man, The decoration is also amazing.

Even Emperor Dong was surprised. Such a face, whether male or female, can be called an immortal. Even if there are countless handsome men and beautiful women in the palaces of the four emperors, they can't find such a person who makes people first. After looking at it, I can't take my eyes away.

In fact, cross-dressing is the best way to see whether a person is good or not. It is true that beauty is in the bones but not in the skin.

"It's feasible! I think it's completely feasible! Bring the Book of Nine Realms and the betrothal gift to propose marriage. I guarantee that Peng Beicen will like you at first sight." For some reason, Zhuo Yi suddenly felt a little excited.

After everyone made a plan for the marriage proposal, they were quickly led by the core members of the Office of Strategic Deception who played the four emperors and Liu Muchen's Zhuo Yi. A dragnet was set up to prepare for the subsequent marriage proposal.

Although it is just acting, it is actually fishing. Since you want to catch fish, all preparations must be done. The team for proposing marriage must be luxurious. It cannot be lower than the standard of the nine-star royal family in the eternal cultivation world.

And the marriage proposal team must be densely populated with experts. According to the lowest realm standard, it must be Dao God level!

Dinghai Pearl, Sky Jade, Eight Desolate Rulers, Nine-faced Lion's Heart...a dazzling array of magic weapons, heavenly materials and earthly treasures. Listed in a long list, you can't even see the end with your eyes.

This is a marriage proposal list compiled from the treasures in the four imperial palaces. Everything is so precious that it can make cultivators in the world go crazy.

However, now these things will become betrothal gifts to the Peng family to propose marriage. It has to make people feel sad.

Emperor Dong was so ashamed: "Is this too much preparation..."

"It's just a show. Why don't you worry, Emperor Dong." Xiang Yi laughed: "This thing isn't ours anyway. Don't worry too much."

Emperor Dong was speechless: "..."

What he said was so reasonable that he was speechless for a moment.

The next step in their journey is to go directly to the Peng family's headquarters. If it hadn't been for the four emperors' secret meeting to put together the information this time, perhaps no one would have known that the Peng family's power had spread across the four major regions. And the reason why the Peng family set up the headquarters in Within the Central Galaxy.

On the one hand, it is for the convenience of trade. On the other hand, it is also possible to use this intermediate position to control the forces in the four domains. It is convenient for you to distribute the Peng family's informants among the major domains.

Although the four emperors had sent intelligence personnel to investigate the Peng family before, the information obtained was limited after all. The universe is so big that the detection of information cannot be too obvious. What's more, this information is not public.

Even before this secret meeting, Emperor Dong had already judged that the Peng family's power network over the years had probably expanded to an unimaginable level. However, when they marked the distribution of the Peng family's major forces as asterisks on the same map. Still couldn't help but be shocked.

Seeing the stars all over the map made Emperor Dongda's pupils tremble.

"It seems that the Peng family's ambitions are not small. I'm afraid they also have compassion for the throne." Wang Ying said.

Emperor Dong Dadi was also worried about this: "The Peng family is too terrible. Collaborating with the old world... we will never let them gain power. I wonder if we can take this opportunity to suppress them."

Wang Ying nodded: "This is natural. It was also within the scope of our plan to weaken the Peng family. Wasn't it?"





Chapter 1887 It was clearly arranged


Although Sun Rong came up with this plan of disguising herself as a man on her own initiative. But when it was her turn to go into battle, she was still a little hesitant and nervous.

After all, many boys have no experience in proposing marriage. What's more, she is a girl? And she doesn't know why. She always feels that doing this is a bit weird.

Although her original intention was to prevent Wang Ling from proposing marriage... uh no. Her original intention was to preserve the relationship between Sun Ying'er and Wang Ying. It was for the sake of justice! But it was not Wang Ling who proposed marriage. That's right. But it was she who got married in the end!

She's got herself into a trap!

After realizing this, Sun Rong even felt a little regretful. He felt that he had been reckless after all... and this matter was of great importance. Because the success or failure of the marriage proposal would directly affect the historical trajectory of human cultivators. Whatever happened in the middle A little mistake was made. She is the sinner of history.

This heavy pressure made her breathless. She kept taking deep breaths on the way to the Peng family headquarters.

Liu Qingyi and You Yueqing pretended to be maids and were by her side. In the absence of King Tiankun, they did not have to force themselves to maintain the snake shape. Their legs were directly differentiated and were no different from ordinary people.

"Why are you getting nervous now that the critical moment is approaching?" Liu Qingyi asked with a smile. He comforted her by saying, "It doesn't have to be a heavy burden. It's just acting."

Sun Rong all understand the truth. But self-reflection is normal for people. And the more outstanding people are, the more so.

She was so nervous that even the muscles in her stomach ached. She also felt full of regret. She thought that if she had listened to Wang Ling and not intervened in this matter, maybe the matter would never have reached this point.

Now the turning point of history has been handed over to her. If she messes up again... she is really worried that the friendship value between Wang Ling will directly fall below the historical freezing point.

It was obviously not easy for her to come into contact with Wang Ling at this level...

At this time, thoughts were flying in Sun Rong's mind. When she was thinking endlessly, she never thought that the other person who was comforting her at this time was actually You Yueqing, who she had always regarded as a person who was on high alert.

"You. Don't think too much at this time. Do you think it's your fault that things have become complicated? All of this is just a design. Including you recruiting so many people to decipher the mysterious text and accidentally falling. Entering this eternal world, it was all designed."

You Yueqing looked at Sun Rong calmly and said: "We are actually just chess pieces used by these powerful seniors to play games. Since we are chess pieces, we only need to implement the plan step by step. Besides, order. Why did he agree to let you go? You didn't think about it at all?"

Hearing these words, Sun Rong suddenly raised his head. The expression on his face was somewhat frozen.

Yes. Such an important task is no child's play. Why did Wang Ling agree so simply to let her carry it out?

At this time, Sun Rong began to understand something in a daze under You Yueqing's advice.

"Ling Ling trusts you. That's why I entrust you with such an important matter." At this time, You Yueqing looked at Sun Rong seriously and said.

At the same time, when she saw the surprised look in Sun Rong's eyes, she suddenly felt funny: "What? You look at me in such shock. You think I will go out of your way to comfort you. Isn't it incredible?"

"No...Master You misunderstood..."

"You are being so polite." You Yueqing smiled, splaying her legs, very relaxed and contented: "Actually, I already have someone I like."

"I know."

Sun Rong lowered his head: "It's classmate Wang Ling, I guess..."

"No." You Yueqing shook her head like a rattle.

"Eh eh eh?"

Now Sun Rong and Liu Qingyi were surprised.

"Those birthday gifts I showed off before were indeed sent by Wang Ling. But they were just purely to tease you."

You Yueqing was very happy. She directly showed off her cards: "Oh, I did like Ling Ling for a while when I was a child. But then I became a Taoist priest and I only discovered that kind of feeling as I grew up.

It should just be a brother-sister relationship. I think it's more appropriate for him to be my brother. "Then the person Taoist Master You likes is..." Liu Qingyi suddenly asked.

Perhaps realizing that she was being too gossipy, she quickly waved her hand and said, "It's okay, Master You. It doesn't matter even if you don't tell me. I'm just purely curious."

You Yueqing blinked her eyes. Her sparkling eyes were really beautiful: "When the time comes, I will tell you naturally. But Ling Ling is indeed not bad. If I am rejected in the end, maybe I can let Ling Ling be the one." Spare tire?"

Sun Rong, You Yueqing: "Spare... spare tire..."

You Yueqing arched her eyebrows and smiled again: "You guys can't help but tease me! Oh, it's not fun!"

"..."

This fairly sincere exchange really relieved the tension in Sun Rong's heart a lot.

She had a vague feeling that You Yueqing's identity was not as simple as it seemed.

At least in the eyes of Sun Rong now. You Yueqing is really mysterious...

...

The Peng family's headquarters is located on the Penglai star in the Central Galaxy. This is a dangerous place in the Central Galaxy. It is surrounded by many celestial bodies containing powerful cosmic energy. From time to time, the eternal cultivators passing by are involved.

The Peng family set up their headquarters here. It can be said to be like a fortress. It is easy to defend but difficult to attack. No one can attack it. To the outside world, this Penglai star belongs to everyone. But almost all the industries on Penglai star are related to the Peng family. This is an empire that belongs exclusively to the Peng family.

The Peng family's headquarters on Penglai Planet is a whole golden villa. The buildings are decorated with carved beams and painted buildings, with dragons and phoenixes dancing in the air. You can even see many carved statues of creatures that do not belong to the eternal world of cultivation.

Those were some of the statues of old creatures from the old world. They were grandly carved on the walls as murals by the Peng family. It can be seen that the arrogance of the Peng family has reached a level that is shocking to the world.

Penglai Star enters the star junction. As the Sun Rong people's carriages pass by in formation, a group of ancient city guards with pedal disc magic tools quickly surround them.

These neutral guards, who were originally integrated by the four emperors of the four regions to maintain the stability of the central galaxy, have now become targets of instigation by the Peng family.

This made Emperor Dong Da very dissatisfied. He held his breath and looked at the Penglai Star ancient city guards and asked them in a very arrogant manner: "Who are you? What do you do? Do you know where Penglai Star is?"

"I remember that the Central Galaxy is not under the jurisdiction of any force." Emperor Dongda said calmly. He stared at the ancient city guard in front of him. His face was not afraid: "Today, I brought our young master to Penglai Planet to propose marriage."

"Proposing a marriage?" An ancient city guard smiled. He was extremely curious: "These are all members of the Peng family. Who can you ask for a marriage proposal?"

"I remember that this is not a question that you, a guard, should ask." Emperor Dong Dadi tried to control his temper.

"If you don't explain the reason, we won't let you go." The guard crossed his arms and laughed wildly.

But soon, his smile stopped abruptly in the next second...





Chapter 1888: Be ruthless and even make arrangements for yourself


Relying on their position on Penglai Planet, the Peng family is so powerful that even the guards of the ancient city have been assimilated. They are fierce, chivalrous and extremely arrogant.

It can be seen from the attitude towards outsiders. The carriage Wang Ling and others are riding has an obvious nine-star royal family logo. It symbolizes that the people in the carriage are direct descendants of a certain emperor.

However, even so, this group of assimilated ancient city guards also did not take them seriously. This is completely unreasonable. They did not take this group of great emperors seriously.

Such arrogance undoubtedly made Emperor Dong Da very angry. He instinctively wanted to slap the guard hard.

However, as soon as he raised his hand, Wang Ying forcibly controlled his body and held him down. He said, "Just use your breath to shock. If your slap falls, the guard will die. It will not be conducive to our subsequent plans."

As soon as he finished speaking, the breath shock was conveyed simultaneously. Wang Ying only released a little bit of spiritual pressure. The expressions of these ancient city guards suddenly changed drastically. They could no longer laugh anymore.

They seemed to be petrified. They stood in place, not daring to move at all.

"They are finished. The realm of this life has stopped here. They will not advance any further." At this time, Monk Jin Deng spoke. He saw some clues.

This is not just an ordinary aura shock. It also imposes some legal curses. These arrogant ancient city guards received the most terrifying punishment for cultivators.

But for them, this is a far more miserable punishment than killing them.

However, even so, Emperor Dong Da was still depressed and could not express his feelings: "These people, who eat the public food of our four regions, do such things to betray the Lord and seek glory. It is really a crime that cannot be punished!"

It is hard to imagine that Emperor Dongda, who has always been gentle and kind among the four emperors, would be so angry.

If the other emperors had not been possessed by outsiders at this time, I am afraid that these ancient city guards would also be dead.

Seemingly expecting Emperor Dong to have such a reaction, Wang Ying said calmly: "Environment can change people. Vanity, privilege, anything that can taint people's hearts may cause these people to have the illusion that they are superior to others." Thus completely forgetting that I am just dust in this world."

What Wang Ying said made everyone think deeply. Even Wang Ling was a little surprised. He never expected that his own shadow would have such profound thoughts.

Sometimes Wang Ling himself will think about what the essence of cultivation is. Occasionally, he will weave a few golden sentences in his mind. However, these words Wang Ling have never been shared with outsiders.

Because he found that there were too few people who could truly understand him, or that they simply did not exist.

This kind of loneliness at a high place can only be described as "it's cold at high places"...

Emperor Dong Dadi tried his best to calm down. In the end, he listened to Wang Ying's words and did not deal harshly with the ancient city guards in front of him.

Of course, although Wang Ying's law curse does exist, it does not completely give these ancient city guards a chance.

"If they can wake up and pull back from the brink in this life, this curse will naturally be lifted. But unfortunately, they have fallen too deep." Wang Ying sighed.

"What on earth did the Peng family instill in them?" Liu Qingyi looked at these ancient city guards who seemed to be petrified. She felt very regretful in her heart.

They have been practicing for more than a thousand years. They were originally selected to serve as the ancient city guards of the Central Galaxy. If they can wait until the handover and return to their respective leaders, they will definitely have a bright future in the future.

But who could have imagined that these people chose to commit suicide on this day. It can only be said that this is also a kind of destiny.

A number of carriages bearing the nine-star royal family logo finally landed outside Penglai City. The aura emanating from the bejeweled Peng Family Palace in the city reached straight to the sky across the city wall. Looking down from the sky, the shock of this golden mansion was Nowadays, when we meet face to face, it makes people feel that the Peng family is even more domineering.

Wang Ling and others originally wanted to park the carriage directly at the entrance of the Peng family's headquarters. However, the huge street.

However, the carriage could not stop. It was only when they approached Penglai City that they discovered the luxurious carriages. Various mythical beasts and vehicles were arranged in an orderly manner in front of the Peng family's headquarters.

"What's going on? There's a traffic jam in the Eternal World?" Sun Rong frowned in the Pegasus carriage.

"I'll go ask."

Zhang Zhui immediately got out of the car and took the prepared Hunling Stone as a reward. He grabbed a passing cultivator and asked him.

This casual cultivator received a large amount of inquiry fees. The expression that was originally a little unhappy at being stopped instantly relaxed: "That's right. These carriages are all here to propose marriage. I think you... are not here to propose marriage too?" "

"There are so many marriage proposals?" Everyone was surprised.

This is the news they received from the four emperors' intelligence network. It should be first-hand information. But no one would have thought that the door-to-door marriage proposal had already begun.

And there was a long queue right in front of the Peng family headquarters.

Zhang Zhui understood instantly. The only possibility is that the Peng family first released the news locally and started open recruitment.

But in this case, the nature is completely different. No matter how big the local family on Penglai Planet is, it is impossible to be as big as the Peng family itself. So the son-in-law found... will definitely not be as good as the Peng family in the world. At most, it is A son-in-law! And he’s not the Dragon King’s son-in-law!

This surprised everyone here at Wang Ling Dawei.

This Peng Beicen is also the daughter of the Peng family. Will he find a son-in-law who is not from the right family?

How anxious are you to get yourself married?

"Miss Peng is a person with a very eccentric temper. It was her idea to propose marriage this time. Mr. Peng loves her very much, so almost all matters are handled by Miss Peng herself."

The passerby, a casual cultivator, said with an expression on his face: "If anyone can be favored by Miss Peng, whether it is a matchmaker marrying someone or a son-in-law entering the family, it will be a supreme honor. Being tied to the big ship of the Peng family. From now on. There is certainly no shortage of resources for cultivation."

"What else do you know?" Zhang Zhui asked as he gave another bag of mixed spirit stones.

The passerby, a casual cultivator, showed a satisfied expression. He nodded and said, "I advise you to leave. This Miss Peng family is a person with strong desires. Although I feel bound to be tied to the boat of the Peng family, she said He might also suffer from kidney overdraft!"

"Kidney overdraft!? Strong desire? Why do you see that?"

"Because I heard that the person Miss Peng is going to marry today is not just a son-in-law... This long line of people is recruiting a harem for herself!"

"..."

"How many photos have you taken now?"

"Not yet. Because the requirements are too high." A passerby, a casual cultivator, sighed: "Hahaha. I was just watching the fun. There was a guy named Kuxuan who was rejected by Miss Peng. When Miss Peng saw him, she said he had kidney disease no."

"..."





Chapter 1889 It’s not easy to be a son-in-law


Facts have proved that the order these days is not as good as what is said on the Internet.

Even if you choose a son-in-law, you must follow the Basic Law.

The eldest daughter of the Peng family is the pearl that the Peng family holds in their hands. Although Mr. Peng gave all the rights to choose his future son-in-law to Peng Da Qianjin, he must have given the minimum standard.

According to what the passerby said, this old man has formulated very strict regulations on the morality of a son-in-law...

① If you participate in any spiritual activities or spiritual gatherings, you must proactively inform your wife or family members. The application must be made no later than before sunset.

② You are not allowed to drink alcohol under any circumstances. If you encounter an alcoholic, you should stay away immediately. Cut off friendships. Never associate with them! If necessary, you can just draw your sword and kill them!

③In public places, you are not allowed to eat anything that smells too strong or smoke a bag under any circumstances. You must stay quiet. Always remind yourself that you are a quiet and beautiful man.

④ Clothes should not be revealing. No tank tops. No clothes without sleeves. No shorts above the knee. No shirtless. At the same time, you should always pay attention to your personal image at home.

⑤ The walking posture must be upright. The back must be straight when walking. The gaze must be forward. The eyes must be firm and aboveboard. Do not make any small gestures of peeking at other women. You must maintain a sense of uprightness at all times. The pace must be just right. No external gestures. Eight or within eight.

⑥Before the official marriage, premarital sex is absolutely not allowed. People of the opposite sex are never allowed to be alone together, or spend the night outside (even if it is a business necessity! Because the business necessity of the cultivation world is dual cultivation!)

⑦ You need to report to your wife in advance before purchasing anything worth more than 500 mixed spirit stones!

⑧If you don’t have money, you can ask your wife. The wife can provide loan services depending on the situation. The annualized rate depends on the situation. It can be set from 8% to 999%.

⑨If you are a good-looking person and other conditions are in full compliance with your wishes, ignore all the above-mentioned rules on male morality.

...

Seeing this, everyone couldn't help but take a breath of cold air and let out a deep sigh. No one thought that Miss Peng's father could be so real.

"Good guy, the direct conditions are too difficult! I'm so well-behaved and I can't do it." As someone who already has a partner, Wang Zhen felt very sad about this.

He even felt that this journey of eternity had begun to set a very bad example for Liu Qingyi...

What if after returning home, Liu Qingyi would imitate these rules of masculine virtue and formulate a new version of modern cultivation regulations for virtuous conduct for him? This day would really be impossible!

Seeing the fearful look on Wang Zhen's face, Liu Qingyi was very satisfied. Because with her excellent training ability, even if she did not use these behavioral rules to restrain Wang Zhen, Wang Zhen was definitely a good man who abided by "male ethics".

The most important reason is that Wang Zhen is timid. To put it bluntly, he still doesn't have the courage to challenge his wife's bottom line...

"Don't worry. You're so good. I won't do anything to you." Liu Qingyi stroked Wang Zhen's head, hugged Wang Zhen in her arms and smiled sweetly. But this scene looks different now. It's very strange. Because they are not the original body...

The casual cultivator who was passing by saw two women hugging each other. One of them, who looked like she was pregnant, was cuddling in the arms of the other woman. His whole body was like a five-thunder initiation. He was immediately stunned.

After being stunned on the spot for a long moment, he hurriedly escaped from here with his spirit sword.

This is too scary. Even with his eyesight, he has never seen two women so intimate in the eternal world...

So the casual cultivator left as if he were fleeing. And in the process of escaping, he seemed to think of some shy scene. His whole face couldn't help but turn red.

This, this, this... these are two women...

So is it possible for two women to do it?

He felt that he was so ignorant! In contrast, he felt that his friend who trained his domestic little female cat to become a beautiful girl and then got married.

It seems too normal. It seems that he heard the thoughts of this cultivator. Wang Ling, the corners of Wang Ying's mouth were twitching at the same moment.

Marrying the female cat that he trained into a beautiful girl... is obviously even more outrageous!!!

At this time, Wang Ling's heart was broken. He looked at the long queue in front of him and couldn't help but feel a deep despair.

If you wait like this the sun will go down!

Moreover, the Peng family's headquarters seems to have imposed some restrictions on numbers. In other words, if they came to propose marriage today, it might not be their turn.

Fortunately, because of the existence of Zhang Zhui, Dong Dadi now has a lot of funds at his disposal. As long as you are rich enough, you can just spend money to buy the number of the person in line in front of you.

"Brother, our master is in a hurry. I wonder if he can show his favor?" Zhang Zhui stepped forward and asked with a smile on his face.

The person in front of them was also a noble son. He looked elegant and easy to talk to. However, in the eyes of the Peng family, this standard was just material for a son-in-law.

"Who are you? Still want to jump in line?"

"It's not for nothing. It's money. As long as we exchange places. We are willing to pay half a million spirit mixed stones to show our gratitude." Zhang Zhui said, holding out a palm.

The people in the carriage seemed to hear Zhang Zhui's voice. After hesitating for a moment, they decided to exchange. After all, whether he could become a son-in-law in the end was still a question. But the money of 500,000 mixed spirit stones was real money.

After exchanging positions with satisfaction, the handsome young man in the carriage smiled at Wang Ling's carriage: "Brother, I would like to advise you. It's useless to have money. If Miss Peng doesn't like this, . At best, you are just a son-in-law. How many people have you been rejected before? I think Miss Peng’s standards are too high. No normal person would like her."

"Then you still come to line up?" Zhang said happily.

The young master smiled at this and said: "It's just like scratching a lottery ticket. What if you win? That will be endless glory and wealth. The background of the Peng family's headquarters is not small now. Everyone says that the Peng family master is the future. The Fifth Emperor."

As soon as he finished speaking, the handsome young man's face changed drastically. He suddenly felt a huge cold wave coming from the carriage in front.

That was the pressure from Emperor Dong Da. This handsome young man was immediately frightened into silence and did not dare to speak at all.

In this way, Zhang Zhui spent money all the way to buy a place. Soon he brought Wang Ling, Sun Rong and others to the gate of the Peng family headquarters.

A butler-like figure from the Peng family's headquarters stood up. He was wearing a luxurious fine silk suit. Even the patterns on it were embroidered with gold thread.

When he saw the motorcade of Wang Ling and Sun Rong, he completely ignored the nine-star royal family logo on the motorcade. In a lazy tone, he asked arrogantly: "Who is coming?" Tell me your name."





Chapter 1890 Sun Rong Discussion


Wang Ling It can be seen that the patterns and decorations on the body of the Peng family steward are not possessed by the eternal world. They are very obvious signs of the old world.

The bottom of the pattern is surging waves woven with gold immortal and blue silk threads. Several tentacles from the old world poke out from the sea, showing a strange arc beauty.

These tentacles from the Old World Wang Ling are too familiar. Not long ago, he hunted several Er Dan tentacle-like creatures from the Old World to satisfy the appetite of the newborn Wang Nuan.

Such unscrupulousness is enough to show how domineering and rampant the Peng family is on Penglai Planet.

There is only some time left before the sun completely sets. Wang Ling, Sun Rong and others' marriage proposal convoy just happened to catch up with the last round of "interviews" today while spending money all the way. Looking at the time, you can tell that they are already the last wave of people today.

However, the people in the queue at the back knew that it was no longer their turn today, but they did not disperse immediately. The young talents who came to propose marriage got out of their cars and planned to join in the fun.

After all, the last person being interviewed now is a rich man who used money to get all the way to the front. Many people want to see this rich man being thrown cold water by the Peng family. The gap between the rich and the poor in the world has been huge throughout the ages. But there are also many rich people. So The status of the Peng Family Headquarters on Penglai Planet is definitely something that ordinary upstarts would look down upon.

So as soon as Wang Ling and others arrived, the Peng family steward's face never looked better. He also observed the fleet of Wang Ling and others for a long time. He actually bought it all the way with money?

Just when the housekeeper of the Peng family had a look of disdain on his face, he saw Zhang Zhui step forward. He took out a jade box from his sleeves and pretended to be respectful, opened the jade box, and presented it with both hands: " Hello, manager. My young master is here to propose marriage this time. I hope the manager can help guide him. Please be careful. It’s disrespectful. Don’t be offended if you go to the manager."

Oh...

The general manager of the Peng family showed a contemptuous smile as his contempt only increased.

Ha. Do you think the Peng family is vegetarian?

He hates this kind of rich nouveau riche!

His dignified butler of the Peng family is also a well-known figure on Penglai planet. Many rich people don't take him seriously...

A mere upstart from another planet dared to stand in front of him...

--etc!

This is...

He didn't look closely at the contents of the box at first.

After taking a quick glance, I realized that this was an elixir. And this was not an ordinary elixir!

When the elixir in the jade box burst out with a dazzling luster, the manager of the Peng family quickly closed the lid of the jade box almost immediately.

This vigilance is actually because I don't want the treasure pill in the box to be seen by other people who are interested in looking at it.

As the general manager of the Peng family, his eyes are extremely vicious.

It is clear that this is a Dao Ancestor Pill!

This is a rare elixir that breaks through the realm of Dao Ancestor! Only emperor-level figures can refine it!

In fact, among the people who came to propose marriage today, there were indeed many people who came to propose marriage in the name of three-star, six-star or nine-star royal families. But people like this used Dao Ancestor Pill as a stepping stone as soon as they made a move. Even the manager of the Peng family was confused. See you once.

Although he didn't like the upstart in front of him, he still couldn't help but feel a little hesitant in the face of Dao Ancestor Pill.

To him, such a greeting gift is like giving him a pillow when he is drowsy. Because he has been stuck in the realm of Dao God for a long time. He is only a little bit closer to breaking through to Dao Ancestor. However, he has always lacked understanding. If there is no external force to break through, I am afraid that he will never break through in this life. The realm of the world stops here.

So the next moment, his expression softened a little. He accepted the jade box in person and stood in front of the door: "Young Master, you're welcome. I accept this gift with a smile. Young Master, please come in. But there are still a few more tests to come. You If all of them pass, then it will be clear that the matchmaker is marrying my young lady. If not, the young master can consider becoming a son-in-law, or leave directly."

"clear."

At this time, inside the carriage, Sun Rong took a deep breath. Under the gaze of everyone, he stepped off the exclusive Royal Horse carriage of the Nine-Star Royal Family.

To be honest, Sun Rong did not feel stage fright. She once fell in love with Wang Ling and tried to learn to be low-key. She also enjoyed the feeling of being in the spotlight.

But now, we can only return to our old profession.

As the future young owner of the Huaguo Shui Lian Group, she has an innate ability to control the overall situation and confidence. This kind of magnanimity is extraordinary. In addition, Liu Qingyi and You Yueqing's exquisite makeup for Sun Rong. This immortal qualification shocked everyone in the audience just once he appeared on the stage.

"This...which royal family is this from? How come I've never seen this person before?"

"Look at the decorations on his body. It combines the styles of the four realms. He must have an extraordinary origin! Maybe he was favored by four emperors at the same time!"

"Oh my God. Are there people like this in this world?"

The busybodies on the street immediately started talking about it.

To be honest, when he saw Sun Rong in person, even the manager of the Peng family was stunned for a moment. He thought that he had vast knowledge. He recognized almost all the famous families in the four major regions, but he didn't even remember that there was such a person!

The logo pattern of the four domains is directly tattooed on the same robe. This alone is enough to prove that this person's identity is of great importance!

"Before the young master comes in, please tell me who the young master is?"

"My name is Wang Rongxia."Sun Rong answered without hesitation.

Her identity is completely fake. It was created by the core members of the Office of Strategic Deception who played the four emperors. Therefore, everything about this false identity has been made watertight.

Kana. Sun Rong has already been thought of.

This is through the name of her character, Xia Zinian, which is a homophone of her own name and the surname of the person she likes.

"Wang Rongxia..." The manager of the Peng family chewed the name carefully and began to dig through it in his mind. However, he seemed to have lost his memory. He could not remember anything.

No matter how he searched through the memories of those famous families, he could not find such a person... Of course, he also began to wonder whether Sun Rong was a forged identity. However, even if it was a forged identity, the price It’s a bit too big!

A Dao Ancestor pill serves as a stepping stone. What a wealth. It doesn't look like a fake at all...

Therefore, the housekeeper of the Peng family finally stopped blocking him and welcomed him in: "It turns out to be Mr. Wang Rongxia. Then please come in, Mr. Wang."

Anyway, there are still a few levels to come. He feels that Sun Rong may not pass.

The person in charge of the first level was a middle-aged man who looked like a scholar. He was sitting in front of a desk. He crossed his fingers and held his chin, looking at Sun Rong. He glanced at the chair in front of the desk and gave a meaningful smile. : "Sir, please sit down. If you want to marry my young lady, the first step is to discuss the Tao."

"Okay."Sun Rong nodded.

On the carriage before. Emperor Dong Dadi had actually guessed this link.

The middle-aged man nodded. Then he began to ask the question: "There are thousands of ways to cultivate. How should I find my own way, sir?"

Sun Rong thought for a moment and replied: "There is no way in this world. With people, there is a way."

As soon as he finished speaking, the whole audience burst into thunderous applause.

The middle-aged man was obviously stunned when he heard this: "Young Master, that's a good answer... Then let me ask you, Master, if someone is unable to break through and can't feel the hope, what would you think?"

"Hope is attached to existence. When there is existence, there is hope. When there is hope, there is light."

"Good... easy to understand..."

The middle-aged man was completely confused. He scratched his head and continued to ask: "How do you understand life and death, sir?"

Sun Rong: "The life of death has decayed. I rejoice greatly in this decay. For by this I know that it is not empty..."

The middle-aged man was shocked: "Young Master is young. Why would you say such a thing?"

Sun Rong laughed: "Is this also a question?"

The middle-aged man shook his head: "No. It's just my personal question. You don't have to answer it, sir."

Sun Rong said: "They are all well-taught by their tutors."

Middle-aged man: "May I ask who your master is? What Taoist sect is it?"

Sun Rong smiled: "There is no family or sect. He is known as Brother Xun."





Chapter 1891 The story of another timeline


Wednesday, January 7th.

Wang Ling, Sun Rong did not return all night. They also did not report to school the next day. At this time, they attracted the attention of the two adults.

Sun Yiyuan was so anxious that he was just a granddaughter. As a result, she disappeared without any reason.

The most important thing is that in Sun Yiyuan's cognition, Sun Rong has been extremely obedient and well-behaved since he was a child. He will never disappear for no reason. But now that people are missing, Sun Yiyuan begins to have a full sense of Sense of crisis.

The incident of the Shadow Stream Killer last year was still vivid in his mind. It seemed like it was yesterday. His heart was in a mess at the moment and he didn't know what to do.

He called Zhuo Yi and found that Zhuo Yi was also missing. After going through a lot of connections, he finally found Lord Diu Lei.

"Zhenjun. I'm just a granddaughter. You have to tell me the truth. Do you really don't know where she went..." Office of Strategic Deception. Sun Yiyuan was at Lord Diu Lei's desk with his hands behind his back. He was pacing back and forth. He was sweating profusely. This was because he was frightened. Because of the ancestral brain-magic gene, he thought of many terrible things.

"Don't worry, old man. I have sent people to search for her. Of course Miss Sun is safe and sound." Lord Diu Lei comforted her.

In fact, he was also an insider on this matter. How could he, a sect leader, transfer so many core members of the Office of Strategic Deception and not know what they were doing?

As for not returning home all night, Lord Diu Lei's judgment was that maybe they had encountered some trouble. So last night he called Wang Ling overnight. He found that Wang Ling's phone number could not be reached either.

Therefore, Lord Diu Lei's judgment is that Wang Ling must be with this group of people and performing the same task.

So there is Wang Ling here. Then there is no need to panic...

It's only a matter of time before those troubles are solved. They just need to be patient and wait for them to proactively reply to messages.

"Do you have any basis for what you say, Zhenjun? My Rongrong can't even reach the Golden Core! I am a cultivator in the Foundation Building period. In this huge world, accidents are too easy to happen! What if I am bullied... .Or rather..."

Just when Sun Yiyuan thought of something more terrifying, Lord Diu Lei quickly interrupted and stopped him: "Master, don't think too much..."

He sighed in his heart. That means Boss Sun doesn't know the true combat power of Sun Rong. Therefore, many things cannot be explained clearly.

During the Foundation Building period...were bullied?

Of course it doesn't exist for me...

Your granddaughter is being protected by Ling Zhenren. It's good if she doesn't bully others.

This is truly the first Foundation Building phase on Earth!

The memory of Lord Diu Lei, who chopped off the Old God of the Protoss with a sword, is still vivid in his mind.

And the nine-core Aohai hadn't yet reached the point of being a nine-core Aohai. The current Aohai has nine Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cubes integrated into the sword body... It's like a god blocking a god and a Buddha blocking a Buddha.

However, he had already anticipated that Boss Sun would do this when he answered the phone earlier. Therefore, he had already thought of a way to comfort him.

Lord Diu Lei fiddled with it and took out something from his sleeve. It was a Talisman that contained huge spiritual power. Sun Yiyuan's eyes immediately lit up: "This is..."

"Death Talisman." Lord Diu Lei said. In fact, these are the surplus ones that Wang Ling asked the two brothers Heavenly Dao to make last time.

But now, he used it as an excuse to comfort people. He said: "This was something I got by chance. I wanted to give it to Miss Sun, but Miss Sun refused to accept it. So I thought of something Fazi secretly bound Miss Sun. In other words, the owner of this death talisman is Miss Sun Rong. The death talisman has not yet taken effect. This proves that Miss Sun is definitely still safe. All we need is Expand your search. Just wait for a reply."

Hearing this, Sun Yiyuan finally breathed a sigh of relief: "That's good...that's good..."

The tense thoughts in his heart eased. He even forgot to ask about the true origin of this death talisman.

After all, there is no one in this world who can draw such a Talisman.

It was almost impossible to find it. He looked at Sun Yiyuan's relieved expression and felt a little mixed in his heart. He raised his head and looked at the sky at this time. He felt that the Crispy Noodles Dao Lord he had sent out before. There is already news from Wang Ling.

As a real clone, although all thoughts and consciousness are completely independent, Crispy Noodles Dao Lord still has the ability to sense the original body. So he easily found the apartment where Li Xuan lived. The security guard roughly guessed the origin of some things.

Because this entire apartment building is now owned by the Huaguo Shui Lian Group. Therefore, Crispy Noodles Dao Lord’s first judgment is that Wang Ling and Sun Rong must be investigating this Li Xuan matter. I just came here. And I must have discovered something in the apartment building.

Choosing a small hidden corner near the apartment building, Crispy Noodles Dao Lord amplified his spiritual awareness. With his amazing sensing ability, he accurately found the location of Wang Ling with a teleportation method.

At the same moment, the three eternal royals who were quietly guarding Wang Ling, the Skeleton Prince, the Lion-Headed Man and Meng Liuli, were all shocked.

After a moment of awkward hurriedness, Meng Liuli looked at Crispy Noodles Dao Lord, who looked similar to Wang Ling, and asked with a look of realization: "Are you...Ling Zhenren's clone? No. It looks more like It's the real clone."

As a member of the eternal royal family, Meng Liuli still has some knowledge. Seeing that these three people are concentrating on protecting Wang Ling, Lord Crispy Noodles Dao also relaxed a little bit of his vigilance.

He could tell that these three people did not mean any harm. Otherwise, they would have taken action the moment he landed.

"I understand. You must be anxious because you can't find Ling Zhenren, right? Don't worry. Ling Zhenren is fine. He just followed the path of the mysterious text and entered the world where the mysterious text is." The lion-headed man was rough. came the voice. They are really serious. They work extremely hard to guard Wang Ling. They abide by their responsibilities as guards.

This look of working hard made Crispy Noodles Dao Lord laugh a little. But now the whereabouts of Wang Ling was finally found. This made him breathe a sigh of relief.

He immediately took out his cell phone and planned to report back. The text message was sent in bulk. It was sent to Lord Diu Lei, Father Wang and Wang Muyu.

"We found Ling Ling. I knew this kid would be fine." Father Wang looked at his phone and said.

"Then what's the answer from the school teacher?" Mother Wang didn't know whether to laugh or cry: "This kid doesn't know how to say anything if he doesn't come back at night. Even if he is guarding world peace, he at least needs to send a text message."

"I must have run into some trouble. I couldn't calculate the time. But it doesn't matter." Father Wang said, "If there is any problem, our Ah Nuan can go to support at any time."

"Eaaah!"

On the other side, Wang Nuan has put on diapers by himself. He looks ready to go.





Chapter 1892 Assassination of Wang Ling


Wang Muyu has been keeping his duty these days and obeying all orders. He just wanted to see Wang Ling and Sun Rong as soon as possible. As a result, these days passed day by day. Unexpectedly, he was let go again in the end. .

He was not an ignorant child. He immediately knew that Wang Ling and Sun Rong were probably in trouble.

Thinking of his extremely realistic dream a few days ago, his colorful dragon heart immediately became suspended.

The dragon's prophetic dream may not be as accurate as Wang Ling's. But the probability of hitting it is not low either. He dreamed of someone stabbing Wang Ling in the back.

The white knife went in and the red knife came out. It stabbed Wang Ling's heart directly from behind. Then it stirred in his chest in a strange spiral.

This nightmare made Wang Muyu wake up with sweat all over his head. He knew clearly that this was a prophecy, symbolizing that Wang Ling was about to be assassinated.

But fortunately, he has now been answered by Crispy Noodles Dao Lord.

I found out that his father Wang Ling is not abnormal. It's just that he may be entangled in a troublesome incident. It will take some time to get out of it.

Wang Muyu breathed a sigh of relief and looked out the window. He was the only one here in the huge Sun family castle and a bedroom as big as several living rooms. The feeling of longing and loneliness came to his heart in an instant.

The high-tech toys and all kinds of imported snacks and drinks carefully prepared by Mr. Boss Sun in the bedroom have become boring things at this moment.

The maids in the Sun family's castle all had standard professional smiles. Wang Muyu could tell. No matter what kind of question he asked, the other party had a standard set of words to answer. It was impossible to express his anger. on this group of people.

Wang Muyu rang the bell. Soon a maid pushed open the door and entered. He stared out the window and asked, "When will Grandpa Sun come back?"

The maid thought for a moment and replied patiently: "Master Mu Yu, don't be anxious. The master may be on his way back. Maybe he's not on his way back yet. Whether he comes back or not, he only has to wait a few hours or longer. Castle You will know the moment the door is pushed open..."

Wang Muyu: "..."

Sure enough. The reply was the same whether he said it or not.

Although he had already figured out the language system of this group of servants, Wang Muyu's heart was still broken. He just needed to know whether he was coming back, not coming back or when he would come back. In the end, this group of people gave him an answer like Schrödinger's Cat. Even the replies are full of philosophical thinking. I really can’t get through this day.

"I want to go out." Wang Muyu sighed. He couldn't wait any longer and was ready to leave.

"Master Mu Yu, it's dangerous for you to go out now. It's already so late. Why don't you just wait here. If you go out..."

Just when the maid wanted to continue arguing with him, Wang Muyu interrupted her bluntly: "Okay. Then I'll be obedient. I won't go out."

"That's good." The maid nodded with satisfaction when she heard this, and then backed away from the bedroom.

Wang Muyu knew that if he applied for leave normally, he would definitely not be able to get out. So he had to trick the maid into getting there first.

Now he knows the location of Crispy Noodles Dao Lord. And his current idea is to leave a clone in the Sun Family Castle so that the main body can go out and meet with Wang Ling.

As a result, just as he was about to leave, a familiar and cold breath pierced through the air outside the Sun Family Castle. Almost immediately, Wang Muyu was extremely alert.

The seven-color dragon horns on his head could not be retracted. Under the sudden force, they instantly grew out of the two corners of his forehead. They glowed like seven-color glass. In the night, they showed a beautiful fluorescent color, which was particularly conspicuous. .

"It's you..." Wang Muyu's eyes were alert, staring at a certain direction outside the window.

A figure with dragon wings spread out on its back landed in the moonlight. It seemed to have been teleported here. The man wore familiar diamond gloves and held a black umbrella. There was a domineering look in his eyes.

Wang Muyu did not expect that Jingze would choose to appear again at this time. The affairs of the saints were not fully understood yet. These resurrected dragonborn came to cause trouble again.

This made Wang Muyu feel a little annoyed. The main reason was that his travel was blocked. He wanted to see Wang Ling. But he was stopped at this time.

Jingze crossed his arms. He rose above the void and showed a cold smile: "Every wrongdoer has his own debtor. The rest of the people in this castle have nothing to do with me. As long as you follow me."

"Do you still want to be beaten?" Wang Muyu stared at Jingze: "You alone are not my opponent!"

"You haven't fully grown up yet. As long as that person is not around, we still don't know who will win." Jingze said with a smile.

Only then did Wang Muyu realize that this was actually a plan that had been planned from the beginning. Jingze and the others were trying to make a time difference. They planned to take advantage of Wang Ling, Sun Rong and the rest of the Office of Strategic Deception. When the core members are in the world where the mysterious text is located, they are waiting for an opportunity to take action.

Their real goal had been running towards him from the beginning. It was just because they had been silent for a long time that it was a bit unexpected.

It can only be said that Bai Zhe's personality has changed. He is really not the same Bai Zhe as before. Such a precise layout design requires a lot of patience to be possible.

In the past, Bai Zhe was very impatient. He always thought that he was invincible. There would be no problem in dealing with Wang Ling. As a result, he would be beaten every time he made a move in a hurry.

Today, Bai Zhe has continued to grow after repeated failures and has become an excellent strategist.

This is indeed somewhat unexpected.

At this time, Wang Muyu's expression became serious. He stared at Jingze, who was above the void. He always felt that the other person had become stronger than when he saw him before. It was a change that was almost completely transformed.

The time apart is obviously not too long. According to the time conversion of the human cultivation world, it is not even a month before and after. How can they grow to this point?

But Wang Muyu did not panic because of this. Jingze has indeed become stronger. But he seems to be playing during this period, but in fact he has also gone through all kinds of hard training!

"It seems that you don't want to go with me. Then I will have to take you back by force."

The next second, Jingze took action. He showed no mercy. His action was an endless flash of lightning. Thunder surged in the sky with a snap of his fingers. The thousands of thunder turned into a cage and headed towards Wang Muyu.

"snort."

Wang Muyu snorted. He opened the window and jumped out with his small body.

The next moment, the magnificent colorful dragonborn behind him opened up, forming an unbreakable barrier in front of him. At the moment when the electric prison approached, he waved the dragon wings and smashed the electric prison to pieces.

He is a master who has gathered the genes of ten thousand dragons. He wants to use such an electric prison to trap him. Wang Muyu feels that Jingze is a little whimsical.

However, his expression never relaxed. Because he looked at Jingze's calm and composed expression, he always felt that the other party was prepared. I am afraid that something more unexpected is waiting for him next.

What should I do? Should I find Auntie Nuan...

At this time, Wang Muyu thought in his heart.





Chapter 1893 Assassination of Wang Ling②


At the same moment, in Li Xuan's apartment, three royals suddenly saw Crispy Noodles in front of them. Dao Lord suddenly looked in one direction, showing a vigilant look.

Protecting Wang Muyu was also within the scope of Crispy Noodles Dao Lord's responsibilities. He had a premonition that something was wrong with Wang Muyu, so he showed such a vigilant look.

However, for the real clone, the safety of the main body is always the first priority. According to the law of primary and secondary, he cannot leave the Wang Ling main body now.

Even though Wang Ling has three Eternal Royal Family Protectors around him, he feels that this is still not stable enough.

"Crispy Noodles Dao Lord... If you have something to do, you can go do it first. We are here." The Skeleton Prince said proactively.

However, he received a very cold reply from Crispy Noodles Dao Lord: "Even with the three of you here, the safety of the Lord cannot be guaranteed."

"The three of us are an eternal royal family."

"Know."

Crispy Noodles Dao Lord nodded with a smile: "But it's still too weak."

Hearing these words, the three Skeleton Princes were heartbroken. They kindly offered to guard here, but in the end, they were poured cold water on them. This was something they never expected.

In fact, it's not that Crispy Noodles Dao Lord looks down on these three eternal royal families. It's a conclusion drawn entirely based on the current situation through repeated comparisons and weighings.

If the people we are dealing with are just ordinary Eternals, it will definitely be enough to keep three Eternal Royal Family members.

But if the opponent is a dragon, everything is unknown.

The reason why Bai Zhe was not killed before was also within the layout design of Wang Ling. And Crispy Noodles Dao Lord also knew about this plan.

Now Bai Zhe has become particularly cautious and will not act rashly. But once the opponent launches a large-scale attack, it will definitely be the stage when all the information is revealed.

The daily harassment seen by Wang Ling is already a small fight. Bai Zhe also knows that Wang Ling cannot be completely destroyed through such means. So now both sides are planning a big game.

Bai Zhe. Waiting for his base to be fully prepared before launching a general attack.

And Wang Ling was waiting for Bai Zhe to be fully prepared to launch a general attack, and then directly attacked them all without leaving any capital for the opponent to make a comeback.

Analyzing the current situation. It is obvious that Wang Muyu is a very key element in Bai Zhe's overall plan.

This can be seen from the repeated robberies planned by the other party.

Although Wang Ling is also waiting for Bai Zhe to launch a general attack, this is not inconsistent with protecting Wang Muyu. Even though he was a little uncomfortable with this sudden arrival of the little guy at first.

But after getting along for a long time, Wang Ling felt as if he had an extra brother. He began to have a vague feeling that he couldn't let go.

Wang Muyu is so similar to him. Even their preference for eating crispy noodles is exactly the same. It’s hard to find a true friend. Based on this alone, Wang Ling cannot let Wang Muyu go.

So now, Crispy Noodles Dao Lord knew about the battle situation on Wang Muyu's side. Since he couldn't leave, he had no choice but to send a text message to Old Wang's house to ask for help.

Soon, he received a text message reply. It was a short string of voices. What was displayed using the voice-to-text function was the word "Yiya".

This is Ah Nuan girl’s direct reply through Father Wang’s mobile phone.

Although the little girl is only less than half a year old, she is already very familiar with the use of smart devices. A few days ago, she went shopping online to buy herself a new model of celebrity co-branded diapers.

When the courier delivered the diapers to his home, Wang Nuan also signed for them in person. He wrote the word "warm" directly on the courier box with his foot. The courier was shocked to see it.

He said in his heart that the development of today's children is too advanced. It made him feel a little frustrated!

I think he couldn't even sit down when he was half a year old... This little girl can actually shop online and sign for express delivery by herself. It's outrageous!

"It's a message from Crispy Noodles. It says something happened at the Sun Family Castle." Father Wang looked at Wang Nuan. The child in front of him was only less than half a year old.

He actually shouldered the heavy responsibility of saving the world. He felt inexplicably moved for a moment. He picked up Ah Nuan girl and looked at her lovingly: "Ah Nuan. Don't push yourself too hard. Isn't it too much? Tired?"

Wang Nuan shook her head at the speed of light. Although she was only half a year old, she already understood the principle that with great power comes great responsibility.

Wang Ling is extremely fond of her. As a younger sister, I can feel this directly. Because of this, now my brother is in trouble. As a younger sister, she naturally wants to help.

But once he leaves, the safety of Father Wang and Mother Wang will no longer be guaranteed.

So before officially leaving, Wang Nuan left his shadow behind and hid it under the sofa at Old Wang's house.

...

The dragon's breath fills the sky. Huge dragon shadows cross the sky. Dozens of thunder dragons are entrenched in the high sky. Dark clouds cover the city, showing a tendency of collapse.

This is Jingze's core world power. Wang Muyu knows it very well. He has fallen into another "cage" of Jingze. But this is also of Wang Muyu's own free will.

Because it's better than hurting innocent people.

Jingze, on the other hand, fulfilled his promise and did not attack innocent people. He only targeted him.

Wang Muyu knew that this was a kind of arrogance stemming from Jingze as a dragon descendant of the dragon clan. Wang Muyu still had a little hope for Jingze. He believed that this electric dragon had a sense of justice. It was just being used.

At this moment, in the core world, Jingze is the master and god of this world. He will have more powerful oppression.

If you want to convince such a god with your mouth, Wang Muyu feels that the difficulty level is quite high.

"Can I just beat you down?"

At this time, Wang Muyu sighed in his heart. As Jingze said, he has not yet developed into a complete body. However, he has improved a lot during this period.

Although he has never tried what it feels like to fight against the pressure of the core world. But he feels that since his father Wang Ling can ignore the power of other people's core world, he can do it too!

Buzz!

Just for an instant. The seven-color glazed dragon's breath surrounded his body. Dragons of different colors of elements lingered around his body. The colorful phantom dragon wings opened at this moment, carrying a kind of light. In a trance, he looked like a beautiful The splash-ink ink painting shows the charm of an ancient dragon.

Wang Muyu grew up. The dragon's breath in his body was purer than when he was born. And such an astonishing growth rate shocked Jingze.

Even though he was silent on the surface, Wang Muyu's growth ability suddenly made him realize why Bai Zhe tried so hard to get Wang Muyu back.

At this moment, he understood everything.

Because Wang Muyu is the hope for the revival of the Dragon Clan!

This is the hope for the dragon clan to become the overlord of the universe again!





Chapter 1894 Assassination of Wang Ling③


Jingze rises into the sky. The power of thunder surges around it. Divine power surges and the pressure is overwhelming.

In the era when the dragon clan was at its peak, the fight between two dragons was an extremely terrifying thing, because it would herald a destructive Star Wars.

However, now in Jingze's core world, with the assistance of the Yongyue Starlight given by Bai Zhe, his entire core world has been strengthened. It seems to be covered with a layer of tempered film. No matter how riots are inside, the core The walls of the world appear to be intact.

This made Wang Muyu, who noticed this scene at the same time, breathe a sigh of relief. With the inner wall so strong, he and Jingze could fight freely.

And it was obvious that Jingze came well-prepared. He did not dare to be negligent in the slightest. The seven-color glazed dragon energy boiled all over his body, lingering around his small body, giving his body a magical crystal clear appearance.

He rose into the air, spitting out seven-color dragon flames. The astonishing power of the elements swept directly in front of him, directly facing the thunder dragon summoned by Jingze.

At this time, there was no sign of relaxation on Jingze's face. This was a shock wave between spiritual energy and spiritual energy. He knew that Wang Muyu was extremely talented. The power of ten thousand dragons was condensed in his body, and he was capable of thousands of changes. Every dragon ability can be used.

This is the most horrifying thing about Wang Muyu. However, in Jingze's view, this is also a fatal flaw before he is fully cultivated. No matter how many dragon abilities he has, it is useless if he does not master them all.

Obviously Wang Muyu also thought of this. Therefore, he integrated the power of multiple elements into the dragon flame at the same time. He wanted to use this hodgepodge method to make up for the shortcomings.

"You haven't cultivated to the top. Everything is in vain."

Jingze said coldly. His face was solemn. Having developed the potential of the electric dragon to the extreme, he was not afraid of the seven-color dragon flames sprayed by Wang Muyu. His shot was a powerful thunder dragon breath. It formed like the heaven falling down. An ordinary huge beam of light directly offset the dragon flames spouted by Wang Muyu.

It was obviously a mixture of many dragon abilities, but it still couldn't compare with the power of Jingze, a top-notch electric dragon. This made Wang Muyu feel unhappy.

Compared to the last time, Jingze has made a lot of progress. Even under the guidance of Bai Zhe, this growth rate is astonishing.

He was even close to surpassing himself at one point.

Wang Muyu thought that his growth potential was already at the top among all the dragonborns. But he didn't expect that the same was true for Jin Jie's growth potential.

Of course, if you put aside the talent for growth, Jingze may also have quickly improved his level through other methods.

However, in such a short period of time, how was this accomplished?

Wang Muyu's expression remained unchanged. The first test let him know Jingze's strength as a top electric dragon. The next moment, he directly stretched out his small hand, put his palm down in a half-crouching posture, and suddenly slapped it on the ground.

There was a bang. The earth shook. Several elemental dragons rose into the sky from the ground. There was a loud noise all day long. The world began to shake.

This scene made Jingze raise his eyebrows. This is too wasteful. It is a gameplay that does not take the consumption of spiritual energy into consideration. Even a person who defies the will of heaven still has a "blue bar" in modern terms. No. Possibility of unlimited use of skills.

Therefore, in a duel between top players, each other will consider the issue of consumption during the battle, and will calculate the time. The corresponding abilities will be released at the appropriate time to drive the rhythm of the entire battle.

Jingze also saw through this test. Wang Muyu's rich and powerful style of play. Although it means that this little guy has infinite spiritual power, it is also a sign of lack of combat experience.

"Let him consume him. We will win." In Jingze's mind, a voice from the other side of the universe came. This was the voice of a familiar man. If Wang Ling was also present, he could easily hear it. The identity of this person.

On the other side of the distant universe, a huge dragon body as large as a star is entrenched here. It is emitting holy moonlight and sends out instructions from the deep infinite galaxy.

Remotely control Jingze. This is a kind of remote micro-control.

Bai Zhe ended up. He did not hinder Bai Zhe's judgment. He also used his own means to provide support and assistance.

In order to attract the attention of Wang Ling, he painstakingly planned this eternal game just to be able to bring Wang Muyu back. This is the most critical piece in his plan... and today, he chose to let Jingze take action. . He personally took command. This is an attitude that is inevitable.

With someone supporting him behind him, Jingze was of course fearless. He opened his black umbrella. And at this time, he activated another form of the black umbrella.

Wang Muyu's eyes were shocked. He didn't expect that the black umbrella actually had a "bow shape"! The moment the black umbrella opened, the ribs were rearranged under Jingze's control. It became a completely black umbrella, wrapped in black. Thunder bow and arrow!

The umbrella handle was separated on the spot. The hook at the end rotated. It was perfectly placed on the bow string transformed by the black umbrella, and directly became a huge arrow.

Endless thunder power jumps and surges on the bow and arrows, as if it has absorbed the thunder power of the entire universe.

then!

Boom! There was a huge thunderous sound. It was suddenly launched from Jingze's hand. The bow and arrow formed by the black umbrella were extremely powerful. Wherever the roar passed, the space was shattered inch by inch. Even the inner wall of this core world suffered a huge blow. The impact started to shake.

If it weren't for Bai Zhe's secret blessing, I'm afraid this core world would have collapsed.

Amazing power. Huge arrows came across the sky from a distance. With a domineering momentum, they directly penetrated Wang Muyu and the summoned elemental dragon.

Then, under the pull of Jingze's thunder, the thunder arrow returned to his hand in the blink of an eye, forming a kind of perpetual motion. It was like a bullet that could never be fired.

The elemental dragons summoned by Wang Muyu were of all kinds, occupying the entire small world. However, Jingze used his black umbrella to transform into the form of a bow and arrow to defeat them one by one. This was something Wang Muyu did not expect.

What made Wang Muyu even more horrified was that Jingze's arrow did not simply pierce the elemental dragon. In each recycling process, it seemed to absorb the elemental dragon itself. possess the power.

These powers are like flowing water from a small spring. They are constantly superimposed on the arrow.

When Wang Muyu saw Jingze's intention and wanted to withdraw the elemental dragon, it was already too late.

Jingze, who had already dealt with the last elemental dragon, was already aiming his arrow at Wang Muyu.

Then. Fully draw the bow. Release directly...





Chapter 1895 Dimensional confrontation across time


Wang Muyu is in danger.

At this moment, in the eternal period, in front of the Peng family headquarters in Penglaixing, Wang Ling fell into a brief thought in the body of Emperor Dong.

This is a dangerous sixth sense. Even if Wang Ling is now in eternity, in a world that transcends countless time, it can still be felt.

Wang Muyu is now like a younger brother to Wang Ling.

Although we don’t usually communicate much, there is already a vague emotion that cannot be let go.

Wang Ling has always been stupid. He doesn't understand what such emotions are. But he knows that he will never send Wang Muyu to Bai Zhe just like that.

Regarding Wang Muyu's security issues, in fact, Wang Ling has already made plans. Qin Zhong and Xiang Yi have received the first secret mission since they took up the position of guest elders in the Office of Strategic Deception. . In fact, it is Zhou Quan who protects Wang Muyu.

At this time, even if Wang Ling did not speak, the two strongest guards used their own methods to feel the danger that spanned the ages.

"Something happened over there with brother Mu Yu." Qin Zhong said from within the team's voice department.

In order not to disturb Sun Rong's marriage proposal test, he would only communicate with Xiang Yi alone at this time.

"Did Bai Zhe take action?" Xiang Yi asked.

"That's right. Judging from the combat prowess, he's still the same Dragonborn as before."

Qin Zhong frowned slightly: "I have reason to doubt now. We were arranged to go to Eternal Time. Is it also the plan laid out by that side. They want to take the opportunity to attack brother Mu Yu."

Speaking of this, Xiang Yi, who played the role of Emperor Beida, suddenly raised his lips and smiled slightly: "What a pity. They found the wrong person."

After all, protecting Wang Muyu is the job assigned by Wang Ling. Qin Zhong and Xiang Yi are both extremely serious.

While the two people were talking, they also used their own heaven-defying methods to find out everything about the situation in the modern world of cultivation.

"Oh. This kid is quite bold. He still uses a bow and arrow. How interesting!" When Xiang Yi saw Jingze transforming the black umbrella into the form of a bow and arrow, he started to get a little excited.

Qin Zhong seemed to have guessed what Xiang Yi was going to do: "So. Do you want to hit the target?"

"I often do this." Xiang Yi scratched his head: "And my bullets will never rust. Although we are across the timeline, I feel that it shouldn't be difficult to snipe him. Nuan Zhenren seems to be preparing to set off. Yes. I just need to delay it for a little while."

In the past, Xiang Yi and Xiang Yi have been sniping at many cutting-edge technologies of alien beings. But now, the objects we are sniping at are bows and arrows, which are classified as Dragonborn magic weapons. This new experience also makes Xiang Yi eager to try it.

His Nine Sun Divine Sword is a powerful super heavy sniper! I wonder what the scene will be like against this ancient dragon-born magic weapon bow and arrow?

Thinking of this, Xiang Yi couldn't stay any longer. He quickly said to Qin Zhong: "Excuse me. I'm going to find a place. Brother Mu Yu is a bit in danger."

"Do you want me to stand by and give you some assistance?" Qin Zhong asked.

"No need. I'll be back soon." Xiang Yi shook his head and said.

Boom!

On the other side, the diamond glove in Jingze's hand and the black umbrella that turned into a bow glowed at the same time. The two most powerful dragon-born magic weapons surged with endless thunder. At the same time, they also exuded a kind of holy moonlight. That was given by Bai Zhe The power of his remote blessing.

When this arrow was shot, everything was extinguished. It was like a god coming to the world. It seemed like it could pierce through everything.

Wang Muyu changed color. He could feel the power contained in this arrow. It was really astonishingly strong. The moment Jingze let go, the thunderous thunder was already squeezing forward like the overturning sea water.

It has the effect of moonlight tracking. It is an additional ability of Bai Zhe. No matter how Wang Muyu dodges, this arrow will still hit him in the end!

This is a 100% hit shot!

It was only then that Wang Muyu discovered the tactical gap between himself and Jingze. It was not that his strength was inferior to Jingze's. It was entirely his lack of combat experience that caused the situation in front of him. The key is that Wang Muyu did not expect that in Jingze's hands. A black umbrella actually has such an effect.

It can transform into a bow. This is an unstoppable blow. Wang Muyu knew that he would definitely be hit by the arrow. But he still struggled to death. Otherwise, the arrow would hit his vital part.

He worked hard to calculate the strength and distance of the arrow. Finally, at the moment of impact, he used the ability of the "Gravity Dragon" to rearrange the gravity of the surrounding space to delay the attack.

However, the power of Jingze's arrow was too powerful. Such delay was of no avail. He could not withstand the huge power of the arrow. The arrow directly pierced his left shoulder, causing a thunderstorm!

Seven-color glazed dragon blood spurted out instantly and spread all over the ground.

"You can't escape." Jingze's face was expressionless. He raised his hand. Thunder surged in his palm. He once again used the power of thunder to recall the arrow.

This time, the arrow was mixed with the power of Wang Muyu's glazed dragon blood, which brought the arrow's ability to a new level.

He didn't want to kill Wang Muyu, but he used 100% of his fighting power, because Jingze knew very well. Only in this way could it be possible to seriously injure this talented little guy who was fused with Wanlong genes. .

At this time, Wang Muyu had already been hit by one of his arrows. As long as the second arrow hit again, Wang Muyu would no longer be able to resist.

"Is the revival of the dragon clan that important to you? Jingze!" Wang Muyu asked. He didn't understand why Jingze wanted to pursue this so hard, even at the cost of being driven by evil people.

He felt that Jingze still had a sense of justice in his body and should not be used like that by Bai Zhe.

The glory of the dragon clan is already past history. And there is no connection between the destruction of the dragon clan and modern cultivators. Wang Muyu doesn't understand why this beautiful era is destroyed. He must go back to the past for hegemony. In a world of plunder, the law of the jungle, and supremacy of strength.

"You have had too much contact with human cultivators. Naturally, you will not understand. This is why I have to take you back." Jingze spoke. His expression was calm, without any emotional fluctuations.

He was like an emotionless killing machine, aiming his arrow at Wang Muyu.

"You don't have any chance."

After saying that, he let go of his hand.

But the moment he let go of his hand.

"Chi!"

Suddenly, a brilliant silver beam of light seemed to come from the end of the universe. It penetrated straight in with the breath of endless years!

This is a beautiful silver bullet!

Jingze's pupils dilated instantly. It was like an earthquake.

He would never have thought that there would be such a bullet at this time. It was shot from a strange angle!

Boom!

The next second. Accompanied by an explosion, the silver bullet accurately hit the arrow wrapped in thunder and moonlight...





Chapter 1896 Wang Nuan takes action


This silver bullet came from outside the sky. It was astonishingly accurate. And it pierced from outside the core world! Before hitting the arrow, it directly made a big hole in the outer wall of the core world!

Who shot the bullet? It could have such power...

Even Jingze was shocked. He had never seen such powerful modern cultivation technology.

In order to effectively ensure that there are no obstacles to the revival of the Dragon Clan, Jingze previously made an assessment of the level of modern human cultivation society in all aspects.

This is simply not the power of any heavy sniper currently on the planet.

He couldn't figure out who could shoot such powerful bullets to stop him.

But judging from the means, this person is obviously not Wang Ling...

Bai Zhe also had an in-depth discussion and exchange with him about Wang Ling's behavior pattern. This person is a person who slaps him whenever he disagrees.

Long-range sniping like this is obviously not Wang Ling's personal style.

"This is a bullet fired from eternity."

In the endless and deep universe, the ethereal voice of Bai Zhe came out from the planet sphere transformed by the huge moonlight dragon body. It was like a grand bell rumbling in the universe. It made Jingze feel in awe.

"Dragon Lord!"

"You don't have to worry. I'm by your side. This bullet is just a means of delaying time."

Bai Zhe spoke with a strong sense of self-confidence. After all, the opponent was not Wang Ling. He believed that he had a way to deal with this situation.

With Bai Zhe as his backing, Jingze's confidence was obviously much higher. He took a deep breath and started to draw the bowstring in his hand again.

The second arrow shot towards Wang Muyu. However, at the same time, the silver bullet from the sky came again accurately. A chirping sound came from a distance. It cut through the void and penetrated the outer wall of the core world. Sharp. And precise.

At the same moment, Bai Zhe also took action. He poured moonlight from a distant position, and turned into a bright moon behind Jingze. In an instant, endless icy air surged in, as if he had the magical power to freeze the nine heavens.

The speed of the silver bullet slowed down significantly under the force of this cold. Wang Muyu saw that this was not a simple freezing. It was a kind of moon ice that could completely freeze time and space.

This is one of the unique skills of the leader of the dragon clan, Moonlight Dragon. Bai Zhe had not yet shown such an ability in the first encounter. However, now he has become proficient in controlling this power. This deeply shocked Wang Muyu.

He is obviously a usurper who has nothing to do with the Dragon Clan. He is just tied to the identity of the Moonlight Dragon. He can actually understand the Dragon Clan's unique skills to this extent.

"Boom!" Wang Muyu opened his mouth and spit out glass flames. This was originally a dragon restraint technique to dissolve "Moon God Ice".

When the Moon God Ice encounters the Glaze Flame, you can clearly feel that the Moon God Ice is evaporating under the heat of the Glaze Flame. However, Wang Muyu is obviously not very proficient in the Glaze Flame. You can feel that he has been working very hard to spit fire. However, Bai Zhe's Moon God Ice is even better. Under the strong freezing power, the restraining effect of the glazed flame is nothing more than a drop in the bucket.

"Is this the pride of the dragon clan you are talking about? Jingze!" Wang Muyu was very angry. As a dragonborn, he watched helplessly as a person who did not belong to the dragon clan usurped the throne. It made him feel angry.

He asked loudly with a milky voice. The voice seemed to be emanating from the bones. It had a natural cleanness.

This made Jingze's eyes change slightly. But he soon returned to his cold look. He stared at Wang Muyu: "As long as the Dragon Clan can be revived, it doesn't matter who is the leader. To me."

He replied to Wang Muyu.

"Crack!"

Everything happened in an instant. Under Bai Zhe's cover, the Moon Ice spread along the trajectory of the second silver bullet, freezing everything around it and directly freezing the bullet in the void.

However, the next second, a big explosion occurred in the void. Jingze did not expect that the second bullet actually laid a spell trap. As long as it was stopped by an external force, it would immediately produce a spiritual explosion.

A huge mushroom cloud rose directly from the core world.

The strong air waves affected the trajectory of the arrow, causing Jingze's second arrow to miss again. "I knew it would be like this." Xiang Yi sneered from a distance. He was holding the Nine Sun Divine Sword. The look on his face I also relaxed a lot.

His mission has been completed. After all, he is in eternity. A sniper attack that spans countless time and space. The difficulty level is too high.

It would be better to leave the rest to Nuan Zhenren.

After the spiritual explosion was generated, Jingze and Bai Zhe waited for a moment. The third bullet that spanned eternity has not yet arrived. Let Bai Zhe know clearly that the number of bullets in this time is limited.

The third bullet's reinforcements will not arrive anytime soon.

"It seems that no one will stop us anymore." He sighed. Then he gave Jingze the next step of instructions.

Now is the best time to capture Wang Muyu.

Jingze nodded slightly. He called back the arrow and put his hand on the bowstring again. The only difference was that it was slightly different from before. There seemed to be an additional magic weapon tied to the head of the arrow.

It was a giant sealed net. It was called Ten Thousand Scales Dragon Net. It was a magic weapon created by Bai Zhe specifically to imprison Wang Muyu. It was shaped by tens of thousands of dragon scales. The moment it was sacrificed, it produced endless divine light. . Extremely dazzling.

This net is also a dragon-born magic weapon. It is of light level! In order to capture Wang Muyu, Bai Zhe definitely took great pains.

This is the final blow. Unless Wang Ling comes in person. Otherwise, Jingze feels that no one can organize all this.

Blood oozed from the corners of Wang Muyu's mouth. He did not give up. He was releasing the last of his dragon energy to resist. However, there was a Ten Thousand Scales Dragon Net here. No matter what he did, it was all in vain.

Chi!

Another arrow!

And it was an arrow with a Ten Thousand Scales Dragon Net. It was shot directly.

At the same moment. At an extremely far distance. Spanning countless time. Wang Ling's eyes also peeked at the first scene at the same moment.

But he didn't take action because he knew very clearly that Jingze's arrow would be blocked.

There was a "pop" sound. A flash of green flew down from a distance like an aurora. It directly resisted the power of the two dragon-born magic weapons, the arrow and the Ten Thousand Scales Dragon Net. It directly competed with them.

"Damn it. Why is there another one!" Jingze felt a little impatient. One after another people jumped out to stop him, which made him extremely irritated.

Then he calmed down and saw clearly what was blocking his two Dragonborn magic weapons.

He was shocked.

Because it turned out to be a green grass...

"This is...Sword Spirit?"

In a daze, Jingze frowned. He always felt that this familiar scene seemed to have been seen before.

"Eaaah!"

In the next second, a small body came out of the air. It actually smashed through the outer wall of the core world with its diaper-wrapped butt, forcing its way in here.

Looking at the baby girl who suddenly broke in.

At this moment, Jingze felt terrified.





Chapter 1897: Defeat Jingze


The moment Leng Ming and Wang Nuan arrived one after another, Jingze cursed loudly in his heart, because in just a few minutes, the outer wall of his core world had been breached one after another.

If it weren't for the Eternal Moon Starlight, which has a certain repairing and self-healing effect, now the outer wall of his core world has been broken into a sieve. There are holes everywhere.

"Hey!" Wang Nuan appeared. The small body contained huge spiritual energy. Jingze was shocked. It was not that he and Bai Zhe had forgotten this. They had long been afraid of the little girl. They have seen it before. It's just because this girl is too young. The two of them think that they can handle it even if Wang Nuan takes action.

But now Bai Zhe and Jingze have discovered it. They still underestimated this little girl's growth ability. This terrifying little girl's aura is too strong! She is less than half a year old, but she is like a wild beast! Every day, her body is full of energy. Earth-shaking changes...

If this grows up, then what's the point?

So at this moment, Bai Zhe secretly gave birth to another illusion. Even though Wang Ling was now designed by him to live in the eternal world, this fear of being dominated by the Old Wang family came up again.

But he was unwilling to admit this to death. He believed that the person he was facing was just a baby and had nothing to be afraid of. He immediately ordered Jingze: "Seize Wang Muyu and kill her!"

Seeing a small baby body standing in front of another small body, he spoke angrily. Without any politeness, he directly issued a death order to Jingze.

Wang Nuan is too strong. Killing her before she has fully grown up is the most logical course of action.

Just as he spoke, Jingze took action again. The arrow in his hand turned into an astonishing electric dragon like thunder. It flew towards Wang Nuan with a radius as wide as a hill.

However, all their attention was focused on Wang Nuan. They ignored the green grass that arrived at the same time as Wang Nuan.

During the continuous training in the Sword King Realm, Leng Ming became stronger. His body was stronger than before. He jumped in the void like an elf. He faced Jingze without fear.

A piece of grass can cut down the sun, moon and stars. Now Leng Ming can definitely do this. And what is even more surprising to Jingze is that as a powerful piece of grass! Leng Ming is naturally not afraid of thunder and lightning!

He went directly towards the electric dragon. The emerald green sword light burst out from below. It was like an arctic meteor transformed into a huge grass dragon and collided with the electric dragon. Then he directly hit the entire electric dragon with its arrows. Completely swallowed inside.

Leng Ming's strength was once again beyond Jingze's understanding. He had seen this piece of grass before, but it was far less troublesome than it was now.

In addition, Leng Ming's natural restraint ability made Jingze feel a little at a loss for a while. He knew very well how the five elements restrained each other. He tried to use thunder and lightning to detonate the divine fire to burn Leng Ming. Unexpectedly, Leng Ming was not even afraid of fire. His whole body was on fire. Leng Ming instead exploded with stronger fighting power.

He continued to display his exquisite body skills in strange arcs in the void. At the end, the sky fire came! It turned into a rain of fire from the sky and fell down.

Seeing the divine fire coming, Jingze's expression finally became a little panicked. He originally thought that according to the five elements of restraint, Leng Ming would be extremely afraid of flames. But he didn't expect that the spiritual sword turned into a small piece of grass could actually overcome such a weakness. Instead, Use the divine fire burning in your body for your own use.

He gritted his teeth and had no choice but to return the bow and arrow in his hand to the form of the black umbrella again to block the shower of divine fire in front of him. The form changes of the black umbrella are time-limited. Each transformation requires a period of time. This also means that Jingze will no longer be able to use that tricky bow and arrow for a while.

The goal was achieved. Leng Ming landed on the ground and took root directly under the ground. He watched calmly as the divine fire burned his body.

Is this suicide?

No...

In the distance, Jingze squinted his eyes. He found that the land where Leng Ming was was burned bare. However, at this time, a gust of wind roared past. The green grass on the ground sprouted again. Come on.

This is the method of rebirth when the spring breeze blows.

The unique skill that Leng Ming learned from the Sword King Realm. As long as there is land, he is not afraid of any flames. Although the flames do restrain him, including when the divine fire burned on his body just now, the heartbreaking pain is still there. But now He has cultivated to a level where he can face all this calmly.

At this moment, Jingze felt that he was a little overwhelmed. He couldn't even break through a sword spirit, let alone deal with the baby behind him.

With Leng Ming helping to cover him, Wang Nuan had already initially taken care of Wang Muyu's injuries. At this time, Wang Muyu surprisingly discovered that his Aunt Nuan's diaper was not a simple diaper. It was simply a mobile method. There is a treasure house. There are all kinds of things in it. I took out various bottles and jars of wound medicine. Without saying anything, I opened the cap of the bottle and poured it into Wang Muyu's mouth.

These bottles and jars are all elixirs that Wang Ling refines in their free time. Almost all of them taste like dry noodles. Wang Muyu felt a familiar feeling as soon as he took them into his mouth.

As a dragonborn composed of ten thousand dragon genes, Wang Muyu's biggest advantage is that he has a very strong physical fitness. No matter how many tonics he takes, he will not die.

Based on this situation, Wang Nuan did not consider the efficacy of the medicine at all. He directly rode on Wang Muyu and fed cans into his mouth.

This is definitely the most powerful feed in history!

After all, these elixirs are made by Wang Ling. The efficacy alone is several dimensions stronger than ordinary elixirs.

So when the power of these tonics collided in Wang Muyu's body, he could feel as if a grand fireworks party was going on inside his body. Countless fireworks began to collide inside his body.

Not to mention that the arrow wounds caused by Jingze previously healed at a speed visible to the naked eye. Wang Muyu even vaguely felt that he was about to break through.

After pouring the last bottle of elixir, Wang Nuan thought that her preliminary work had been completed. She flew down from Wang Muyu's body, stood upright on her feet, suspended in the void, and stared at Jingze in the void.

It was a gaze from the Lord of Shadow. It made Jingze feel a little scared.

At this time, Wang Nuan had decided to take matters into her own hands. She called Leng Ming to her side with a wave of her hand. Then she climbed onto Leng Ming's solid shoulders and commanded her sword spirit directly as a mount.

Leng Ming's little face was full of care and favor. He completely obeyed Wang Nuan's instructions and completely handed over the command to Wang Nuan.

This was also a disguised form of fusion of man and sword. It gave Jingze an ominous premonition.

"Boom!"

The next moment, Wang Nuan took action. She rode on Leng Ming's shoulders. The two figures arrived almost instantly. They were so fast that Jingze could not react.

A small slap came forward. It landed accurately on the right side of Jingze's face. The slap caused his teeth to crack instantly...





Chapter 1898 Beat Jingze ②


It’s hard to imagine. The palm is only as big as a baby. It looks as soft and waxy as cotton. But in fact, it is really merciless when it hits people.

This small slap caused Jingze to move backwards for a hundred miles in the core world. His whole body slid on the ground with his face close to his face, plowing an abyss directly.

It was just a simple slap. Jingze was already dizzy from the slap. A trace of fear finally appeared on his face. It was a fear originating from the depths of his soul.

Because this slap was too familiar to him. It was like a memory engraved in his bones since the last slap, making it difficult for him to forget.

When he got up from the bottom of the abyss, even though Jingze had tried very hard and tried hard to convince himself that the other party was just a little baby and there was no need to be afraid at all, his body could not stop trembling. .

As a result, Jingze suddenly erupted. He used all his spiritual power to fully open his dragon wings. The crystal clear keel showed a rich luster under the swirling thunder and lightning.

Wang Nuan knows clearly that this is a kind of fear. Even though she is not old, she still has the ability to perceive emotions. And everyone faces fear in different ways. Jingze's apparent explosion is actually It's a cover-up. He roared and charged at the front, spreading thunder to every corner of the core world.

During the roar, one after another Thunder God Whips broke out of the ground. Tens of thousands of Thunder God Whips broke out of the ground. They were like tentacles, swinging back and forth throughout the core world.

"The power of the old world?" Leng Ming frowned. His masters had previously warned him to beware of the resurgence of the old world. This was also the focus of Jingke and Bai Qiao's previous training for Leng Ming.

As the future successor of the Sword King Realm, Leng Ming studied very seriously at that time. He also had a certain degree of understanding of the knowledge of the old world.

It was a mysterious and terrifying history. It symbolized darkness and devouring. No one would hope that the power of the old world would resurface in a peaceful era.

Not only the modern world of cultivation, but also the Sword King Realm and other realms need to beware of the emergence of this power. The biggest symbol of the old world is the mysterious tentacles. Wang Nuan had eaten a few of them himself before... .It doesn’t taste good.

But fortunately, they had done their homework in advance. Neither Leng Ming nor Wang Nuan had any fear in their hearts. They thought that Jingze's outburst would come up with something more interesting. In the end, it was only at this level. Let Wang Nuan Very disappointed.

As a younger sister, she has the idea of catching up with her brother. But her brother is too strong. Her talent growth alone will exceed that of Wang Ling. I don’t know until the year of the monkey and the horse month... The key is that she is growing. She Brother will also grow!

If both people grow, when will the gap catch up?

So Wang Nuan's goal is very clear. Although she was only born less than a few months ago, her small body already has big ambitions! She has thought very clearly. To surpass her brother. The only way is to keep fighting so as to win the championship. Strengthen yourself in battle!

Dragonborn should be considered a good opponent. But what disappointed Wang Nuan was that the Dragonborn he faced was the first Dragonborn besides Wang Muyu.

Unexpectedly, what he resorted to at the critical moment was still such an inferior method. It can't be described as a bastard.

If you just look at Wang Nuan and look down on Wang Nuan, and think that you can defeat Wang Nuan with a weird magic that transcends Wang Nuan's age structure, then you would be a bit underestimated of the youngest of the Wang family.

She is the Lord of Shadow. Wherever there is light, there is shadow. And using shadow to counterattack is Wang Nuan's best method.

The electric light released by Jingze actually created excellent environmental conditions for Wang Nuan. She took her time, riding on Leng Ming's neck, and began to use all her spiritual power.

Boom!

The surface of the core world emerged. Countless pitch-black tentacles protruded from the ground. These were the shadows engraved by Wang Nuan. Their power was equivalent to these lightning whips. At the moment of generation, they formed the same shape as the tentacles summoned by Jingze. reciprocal suppression.

Then, Wang Nuan took advantage of the checks and balances and struck again.

"Haha!"

Only this time, what touched Jingze's face was Wang Nuan's little feet.

The moment this little flying kick came, the huge force formed directly exploded in Jingze's face, distorting the void and completely tearing open the space.

The seemingly innocuous flying kick was actually too violent. At that moment, Jingze felt as if his face was swept by a huge mountain. He flew away in the air immediately, vomiting blood. His eyes were filled with an unbelievable look.

So strong...

Even Leng Ming was stunned. Although he knew that Wang Nuan was very strong, he never expected that Wang Nuan could be so strong and domineering.

For a time, as Wang Nuan's sword spirit, Leng Ming felt that he was under a lot of pressure.

Unknowingly, it has been involved.

In order to become a sword spirit worthy of Wang Nuan, Leng Ming felt that he needed to work harder.

"Ahem..." Jingze got up from the ground for the second time. This was the second time he was attacked in the face. He was covered in blood. He looked in very bad condition. The dragon wings on his back were broken. Even the dragon scales were damaged. Wang Nuan lost several bald patches.

He kept coughing up blood, but the expression on his face still showed no sign of giving up.

On the other side, Wang Nuan also had no intention of letting Jingze go.

After all, Wang Muyu was injured. Although she drank a lot of tonics, Wang Nuan felt that it was difficult to relieve her anger after just two blows.

Therefore, after beating Jingze twice, she was actually waiting for Jingze's injuries to recover. After all, with the Yongyue Starlight given by Bai Zhe, Jingze's injuries could be healed quickly.

And this is excellent news for Wang Nuan.

Because Jingze’s rapid healing symbolizes two things.

One thing is that it can make her play more heartily.

On the other hand, points are also a very special way to gain combat experience.

Although Jingze is not strong, his health bar is thick enough!

Although the strength is too weak, as long as the body is strong enough, it can barely be considered as an opponent.

So Wang Nuan calculated that Jingze had almost recovered, and took action again. The endless spiritual energy in her body exploded at this moment, and turned into endless thunder! This was the method she learned from Jingze using Shadow's ability.

This is the true way of giving to others. Giving to others in return.

"Thunder and lightning are ineffective against me." Jingze laughed. He laughed at Wang Nuan for actually trying to use thunder and lightning against him.

But soon, he was slapped in the face again by Wang Nuan at the speed of light.

Because the next second, the headbutt mixed with the power of thunder hit him again. And it was still aimed at his vital parts. He was hit accurately on the spot...

At that moment, Jingze felt as if his body was struck by thunder. He screamed in pain instantly.





Chapter 1899 Assassination of Novelist


This precise headbutt made Jingze feel the pain of breaking his lower limbs. It was like the sky was falling out of control. He never thought that he would be dealt with so tragically by a baby.

"Boom!"

Endless black runes of the Shadow Lord's Path emerged from Wang Nuan's body. As the founder of this path, her small body showed endless divine power. She was like a god of war.

Without using any other spells at all. The physical strength combined with the Shadow Lord's coat has already made Jingze, the dragonborn arranged on the head, unable to withstand it.

"Bang! Bang!"

There were two loud noises again. Wang Nuan kicked out. The moment the kick flew away, he moved again.

Leng Ming took her. The speed was unbelievable. After Jingze moved to the next coordinate point, Leng Ming and the little girl accurately predicted the location of Jingze's landing point. They arrived early. Then they were solid again. He kicked Jingze on the spine.

Bai Zhe couldn't believe his eyes. Wang Nuan's growth is so terrifying! In a sense, it may be even more amazing than Wang Ling when he was born...

A little girl. Why is she so strong!?

He couldn't believe it.

Boom!

Wang Nuan's kick could be described as merciless. It directly broke Jingze's backbone. The sound of Jingze's backbone being broken could be heard clearly at the scene. He flew away and was beaten with blood all over his body.

"Hey!" Wang Nuan said.

Leng Ming brought his own simultaneous interpreter. He translated on the side: "My sword master said, you are too weak. You are still a dragonborn with a head. It is too embarrassing. And you will find that the Yongyue Xinghui on you can't afford it." It worked. That's because my sword master used the Shadow ability to cover up this layer of eternal moon starlight."

"Cough..." Jingze lay on the ground and coughed up blood. He had put on a mask of pain. His face was distorted.

I really can't figure out why just two words "咿亚" can be translated into so many things.

"Eaaah!"

At this time, Wang Nuan ordered again.

Leng Ming understood. Without saying a word, he stepped on Jingze's broken dragon spine: "Be honest. My sword master wants to borrow something from you!"

After saying that, he reached in directly. The fingertip turned into a piece of soft grass the moment it fell. Then he completely cut Jingze's back along the spine.

Leng Ming was skilled in the operation. He took out a jade bottle and collected as much of Jingze's dragon's spine blood into the jade bottle as possible.

This time Wang Nuan did not bring her original mount SCB-096 out.

The little girl thought that her lovely rabbit was still waiting at home. The idea suddenly came to her mind. Jingze was a little weak, but dragon's spine blood was a good supplement.

It's perfect for a late night snack.

Besides, SCB-096 still has a lot of room for growth. It still needs to develop. Dragon's spine blood is suitable as a supplement.

The corner of Jingze's mouth twitched. He lay on the ground with a face full of pain and could not move. He was allowed to be slaughtered by Wang Nuan and Leng Ming. He, a dragonborn, had to suffer such humiliation twice for no reason!

Last time he was taught a lesson by Wang Ling! But this time he was taught a lesson by Wang Nuan!

These Wang brothers and sisters are so scary!

Jingze found that he couldn't afford to offend him at all!

"Girl, you had fun beating me... Have you ever thought about the fire in your house?" At this time, Jingze sneered. He knew that he would not die. Even if the mission failed this time, Wang Muyu could not be killed. Take him back. But in fact, distracting Wang Ling and taking Wang Muyu away. That is only the second level of the entire plan.

If you go one floor further inside, they actually arranged for another group of people to be sent directly to the Wang family's small villa.

There is no other purpose. It is to assassinate the novelist!

Both Father Wang and Mother Wang have actually been included in Bai Zhe's purge list.

Fenmu Shen failed to attack the Wang family last time. But this time without Wang Ling, Bai Zhe feels that there is a great chance of success!

And the key is. This most powerful little girl is also in the core world now.

With Jingze and him watching from behind. Ah Nuan girl couldn't get away. This time the assassination of Bai Zhe felt that there was a high chance of success!...

On the other side, inside the Wang family's small villa, there was actually an atmosphere of anxiety.

Both daughter and son are not around. Father Wang and Mother Wang appear calm on the surface, but in fact they are still very worried. It is not because of Wang Nuan's strength that they are worried about everything.

After all, Ah Nuan girl was only born a few months ago. She was actually sent to maintain peace on earth. Even Father Wang felt that he could not write such a bloody plot.

So the current situation is that Old Wang and his wife are waiting at home. No one in the family can even eat well.

Father Wang's food was tasteless. He had to sit in front of the computer and smoke. He held the keyboard with his fingertips. He pondered for a long time and couldn't write even a word.

"It seems that the only option is to use the archives..." Father Wang held his chin and thought. He was extremely irritated. He smoked several cigarettes in a row and couldn't calm down. He looked at the editor's QQ avatar that kept jumping. . Father Wang finally opened the door with a sudden heart. He directly sent the document to the editor using an offline file.

"Stop rushing! I've delivered the goods! All my underwear is gone!" Father Wang typed.

On the other side of the computer screen, Lie Mengmeng, the editor-in-chief, was a little confused: "What? Did you give me the entire manuscript library?"

Father Wang was very irritated: "Yes! You are satisfied now!"

Lie Mengmeng was stunned. He could see that Father Wang seemed to be in a bad mood, so he asked weakly: "Sorry... I don't seem to have received it yet..."

Father Wang replied directly: "The word is very big. Please bear with it!"

Lie Mengmeng: "..."

Waiting for the offline file to be transferred with a confused look on her face. Lie Mengmeng was also thinking about what happened to Father Wang.

At the same time, he was also thinking about the involution of online article writers these days. He was also reflecting on whether the pressure he usually put on him to push for updates was indeed too great.

After all, the original author of the online article was Zhou Geng. Then it came to the era of 2,000 updates per day. It slowly developed to 4,000, 6,000, 8,000, and now the most outrageous era of 20,000 and more.

"It's really too curly."

Lie Mengmeng sighed. He felt that as an editor, he should also care about the health of his authors appropriately. He planned to find time to go to the Wang family villa to see how Father Wang was doing.

At the same time, Father Wang was fully armed. He was extremely worried about Wang Nuan's safety, so he and Mother Wang put on the latest enlightened version of thermal underwear left by Wang Ling. I called a few powerful enlightenment spirits in my family and turned them into human forms. A group of people were preparing to set off from the villa with great vigor.

As a result, at this moment, a cute and playful little girl appeared outside the door of the Wang family's small villa. She had a popsicle in her mouth. She looked as cute as a doll.

"Protect the lord!" Lord Ma immediately judged that something was wrong and blocked Father Wang and Mother Wang behind him.

He could feel that the girl in front of him was also a Dragonborn!

And the level is not low!





Chapter 1900 "Seniors" of the Wang family


Thinking carefully, Father Wang suddenly realized that this seemed to be the second time someone had come directly to trouble him and Mother Wang.

Sigh. The couple provoked whomever...didn't they just produce two nuclear bombs? As for being targeted like this?

Father Wang sighed endlessly in his heart. He vaguely recalled the last time when Wang Nuan was born. The one percent Fenmu Shen came to trouble him. At that time, Immortal Toya was still there to help deliver Wang Nuan.

As a result, Wang Ling gave him the Kirin Arm enlightenment. As a result, the one percent Fenmu Shen was directly pressed and beaten.

"Kato-chan? And... Kodaka? Are you here?"

Father Wang is calling in his heart.

In the past, due to the relationship between his left and right hands, Father Wang was a little wandering during that time. He was directly dealt with by Mother Wang. As a result, his left and right hands were also sealed. Now he is facing crisis again. Father Wang does not know whether his call is can reawaken them.

He shouted twice. He found that there was no response in his mind. Immediately, he felt a little disappointed and nervous.

Although there are many Wang Ling enlightened spirits in the Wang family villa, and Lord Ma is in charge, there shouldn't be any safety issues.

But now, without the help of his left and right hands, Father Wang still feels that the situation in front of him is extremely unpredictable.

At the same time, on the other side, Lord Diu Lei also paid attention to Old Wang when his family was in trouble.

The situation over at Wang Ling has Crispy Noodles watching. The situation over Wang Muyu also involves Wang Nuan and Leng Ming. In this case, the Old Wang family may also be listed as targets.

Although Lord Diu Lei felt that with the strength of the two elders of the Wang family, Father Wang and Mother Wang, it was impossible for any evil heretic to jump over the thunder pit of the Old Wang family.

But as the head of a sect, Lord Diu Lei still wanted to take a look. On the one hand, he wanted to see if there was anything he could do to help. On the other hand, he felt that this was also a rare opportunity for close learning.

He had carried out missions with Wang Ling many times before. Every time he could feel that he was getting a little closer to the path of achievement.

This opportunity to watch the game at close range was provided by two highly experienced seniors from the Old Wang family. Naturally, the learning effect was extraordinary.

Moreover, Lord Diu Lei was very considerate and conducted a temporary area blockade in the name of the Office of Strategic Deception to ensure that the subsequent battle of Father Wang and Mother Wang would not be watched by ordinary cultivators.

The Old Wang family has always maintained a low profile. Lord Diu Lei knows this very well.

"Sect Master, the surrounding areas have been sealed off. Our Office of Strategic Deception has dispatched a total of 300 Golden Core monks. Under the command of 20 Nascent Soul outer sect elders and 5 Soul Formation peak elders, we have sent a total of 300 Golden Core monks to the Great Wilderness Road Section. A total blockade was carried out. It was in the name of a sect exercise...but the time was only applied for five hours. We will have to evacuate after five hours." Keorn said from the side.

As the commander-in-chief of the United Front Work Department, he is one of the few foreign talents working in Huaxiu in the Office of Strategic Deception. Now he has withstood all kinds of trials and hardships. In the opinion of Lord Diu Lei, he is a very capable and trustworthy person. people.

"It won't take that long. It's enough."

Lord Diu Lei nodded with satisfaction. Then he said: "You evacuate Keorn first. I will handle the rest myself."

"That girl is not simple. Sect master, be careful." Keorn nodded. Then he stepped on the spirit sword and retreated quickly. According to the previous plan, after completing the area blockade, they would retreat three hundred miles directly and set up a barrier at the location of three hundred miles. .

But such an action. As the head member of the Dragonborn queue, it is impossible not to feel disgusted.

She licked the popsicle with a smile on her face. She grinned and said, "Eh? Are these miscellaneous fish around you people too?"

Father Wang knows. I am probably referring to someone from the Office of Strategic Deception. Although Father Wang is very weak, Diu Lei has been visiting Old Wang's house again and again. Father Wang can still detect some of his aura.

However, because the opponent he faced was the Dragonborn.

Father Wang did not place all his hopes on Lord Diu Lei. However, he could still guess a little about the purpose of Lord Diu Lei's trip. The first was to cover. The second was to learn...

Apart from these two points, he couldn't think of any other reasons.

But the problem is. There is really nothing to learn from him!

Father Wang's heart was broken. I don't know when he started to be recognized as a big boss by Lord Diu Lei and some people in the cultivation world...

He is obviously just in a very ordinary body refining stage.

"You are a little girl. You have a very arrogant tone. As long as I am here, there is no way you can touch my old master." At the critical moment, Lord Ma took the initiative to stand up.

He still has that old-fashioned look. The curly mustache on his lips gives people a sense of self-reliance. The pure white white robe makes him look particularly immortal in such a tense situation. Of course, it makes him look very dignified. The most impressive thing is the wood grain vest around his neck.

It was given to him by Yushenshu personally after he fell in love with Yushenshu. It exudes a woody fragrance.

Tired? Without saying a word, he just waited for the moment when the popsicle in his hand was completely eaten, and then he took action.

The shadow of a fire dragon surged behind her.

Lord Ma and a kind of royal enlightenment spirit were waiting seriously. Lord Ma and the bed were immortal. The two oldest Wang family spirits each carried Father Wang and Mother Wang respectively. The ground in front of the Wang family villa was lifted after their feet lifted off the ground. It exploded instantly, shattered into pieces, and turned into a rolling lake of fire. Magma surged inside, exuding astonishing energy.

The surrounding ground all collapsed. Only the Wang family's small villa was left alone in this area. It was like an isolated island.

Wang Ling has enlightened the entire villa. Therefore, Father Wang and Mother Wang are not worried about property damage at all. They are just slightly surprised by the ability of Han?

She looked like just a very young girl, but her attack was so decisive and ruthless that the ground beneath her feet collapsed.

"What an amazing aura..." Lord Diu Lei frowned. He actually had a third purpose for coming here this time. It was to collect accurate data about the Dragonborn at close range.

Although the earth has been upgraded and the realm above True Immortal has also been liberated, the Dragonborn's growth rate is too fast. If there is no good countermeasure, all the cultivators on the earth except those hidden Eternal Ones . Few people can compete with these dragonborn with bloodline advantages.

Obviously, Lord Ma never expected that Yan? would be so difficult. He wanted to take it seriously. But it was still a little inconvenient to have Father Wang sitting on his shoulders: "Old master, it seems that it is not convenient for me to fight with you on my back. You want to Don't come into my body..."

"No!" Father Wang refused directly and confidently.

"Hey..." Lord Ma sighed. His face looked a little disappointed.

He has obviously cleaned up the internal environment. Because of the presence of the Ushen Tree, the inventory in his body has long been turned into fertilizer and emptied out.

His body is very clean now!

But their old master was too willful and couldn't get over the psychological barrier, which gave him a headache.