Chapter 1 The "Richest" of the Rich


Translator: Henyee Editor: JulesNye

In this world, there was no shortage of people born with silver spoons in their mouths, and Wang Ling was one of them. But he was the "richest" of them all, and with his birth, he almost overturned the whole of cultivation society.

In a plainly decorated family apartment, Mr and Mrs Wang rocked a baby carriage with loving smiles on their faces.

"I can't believe how, in a blink of an eye, our sweetie has grown so much."

"That's right. It's also our Ling Ling's birthday today..."

"Darling, did you prepare any gifts?"

"Of course I did!"

Saying this, the middle-aged man surprised the woman next to him by drawing out the long and thick magic treasure that hung at his waist.

This tough and long magic treasure, richly adorned with fantastic gemstones, was truly dazzling to the eye. Mouth slightly open in astonishment, the woman stared blankly at it.

"What is this?!"

"A Chanel flying sword!" Father Wang looked so proud as he boasted, "It cost me a full half-year's income to specially buy this gift for our Ling Ling. Until now, not a single person in our Wang family has managed to reach the Golden Core stage... Darling, this sword represents my hope for Ling Ling!"

In this world where cultivation and modern science were perfectly combined, the diploma had completely given way to the realm system, and had become the new criterion for determining one's degree of education. The pitiful Wang couple had never graduated from the Physical Build stage, and remained stagnant at this preliminary stage.

This Chanel flying sword, which was classified at Core Formation level, was worth cities.

Father Wang had gritted his teeth and bought it at the risk of tightening his belt in the coming days.

However, sucking on a pacifier in the baby carriage, Wang Ling only gave the sword a cursory look out of the corner of his eye before contemptuously giving it the cold shoulder.

This was the first time he had seen such an ugly flying sword.

What dumbfounded him the most was that this man actually put such an unsightly sword near his pillow, and even kept on saying that it was for warding off evil spirits.

What a pile of shit! Hadn't the Four Olds 1 been abolished two thousand years ago? This was the scientific age of cultivation, where the hell had this feudalistic remnant come from?!

1(The Four Olds are old ideas, old culture, old customs, and old habits.) With a completely speechless look, Wang Ling stretched out a hand less than a quarter of the size of Mr Wang's, and directly snapped that unsightly flying sword in two.

That year, he was only one year old.

...

After Wang Ling broke the flying sword at the age of one with his bare hands, the Wang couple directly complained to the Bureau of Quality Supervision about being sold a shoddy product by an unscrupulous businessman. There was no way a mere baby could destroy a Core Formation flying sword with just his hand!

At that time, Wang Ling's parents had erroneously assumed that they had bought a fake Chanel flying sword.

It was when Wang Ling was three, and the couple witnessed their son flying around the room skillfully on a small children's wooden sword, that they realized that they hadn't bought a fake Chanel sword.

Instead, they had clearly given birth to a fake son!

As muggles that had stagnated at the Physical Build stage for years, no matter how they racked their brains, the Wang couple just couldn't figure out how they had managed to give birth to Wang Ling.

Was it because of a genetic mutation?

Or had some critical steps been skipped during Wang Ling's creation?

But all these weren't important.

More than anything else, Wang Ling's parents believed that he was God's gift to the Wang family as the Chosen One!

Because Wang Ling's parents pretty much had shit for brains, he managed to lead a peaceful life from zero to five years of age, which was when he was the weakest.

Otherwise, Wang Ling thought that under normal circumstances, he would have been sent to a human research institute as a test subject a long time ago.

Maybe he could still appear on that popular television show "Approaches to Science."

Wang Ling realized that his realm advanced with his age, but this wasn't accompanied by the great waves he had imagined, nor any exaggerated anomalies in heaven or on earth. On average, he achieved a new realm once every two years, and even he himself didn't know why this was the case.

So that his aura wouldn't be exposed, Wang Ling drew a talisman based on something he had found in an ancient text, and stuck it on his right arm. Thanks to the talisman concealing his aura, he was able to lead a peaceful life for many years.

...

Wang Ling was sixteen years old this year.

His high school life had come faster than he had imagined. To disguise himself as an ordinary person, Wang Ling tended to keep a low profile in his daily life.

He wasn't looking to enter any of the key city high schools, and instead chose to study in a normal public high school — Number 60 High School in Peiyuan district, Songhai city.

Wang Ling came to school in a plain white shirt and jeans.

He looked around. Apart from some carved sculptures at the school's front gate, their features no longer distinguishable, as well as a handful of palm trees in the surrounding area, the school was even more ordinary than he had imagined.

If this had been an out-and-out key city high school, all the trees in the school grounds would be those that could gather spirit energy. Also, there would even be an enormous spirit gathering array under the school, so that students would be attentive and refreshed in their studies all the time.

But such a spirit gathering array would be utterly useless to Wang Ling. Because of his much higher realm, not only wouldn't he be able to feel its feeble spirit energy, it would also be very easy for him to destroy the magnetic field of the array.

Wang Ling adamantly didn't want to be the reason for jeopardizing other people's prospects, which was why he had chosen a relatively normal high school. Although it seemed to have a fairly crude environment, overall, he found it very satisfactory. This place, at least, would be very good for hiding his true prowess.

Today was a meet-and-greet for new students at Number 60 High School, and also for them to undergo a placement test.

Before new students officially entered the school, the school authorities needed to grade each student. Based on the results, they would be streamed into the different classes: elite, advanced, normal and remedial.

Wang Ling stood in front of a liquid crystal display screen, and following the directions on it, looked for the class where he would be doing his interview.

Given his style, there was no way he would enter the conspicuous elite class, which would massively increase his risk of exposure. However, entering the remedial class would also be a little degrading.

Taking everything into consideration, it would be best for him to choose the advanced class or normal class.

"Excuse me, do you know the way to Grade One, Class Three?"

Suddenly, there was a sweet voice behind Wang Ling. He froze for a second. Although he had felt the girl's aura from afar the moment she had walked through the school's front gate, he had obviously never expected that she would actually take the initiative to talk to him.

With just a cursory glance out of the corner of his eye, Wang Ling could see that she was pretty good-looking.

"Are you also here to enroll today?"

Not getting a response from Wang Ling, the unfamiliar girl kept on asking questions as if they knew each other. She was elegant, with long hair and fair skin, and wore a tight-fitting white T-shirt, jeans and casual shoes. Wang Ling only needed to use a little bit of his spirit energy to immediately determine her actual strength — she had all the makings of an elite student, and definitely wouldn't be his classmate.

But as chance would have it, Wang Ling's interview was going to be conducted in the same room that the girl had mentioned, Grade One, Class Three.

Still without saying a word, Wang Ling pointed at a classroom nearby, which was Grade One, Class Three.

Right after that, he casually strolled away, hands in the pockets of his jeans.





Chapter 2 Huaguo Water Curtain Group


This was the first time that Sun Rong had taken the initiative to start a conversation.

Unexpectedly, the other party hadn't responded at all!

She felt that this boy in a white shirt and a refreshing crew cut had a completely different style to the frisky lowlife-types that she usually encountered.

Rather than a proud and aloof air, he had a special aura and a strong sense of mystery about him which had caught Sun Rong's attention at first glance.

"This classmate, are you also doing the interview in Grade One, Class Three?"

"Classmate, may I know your last name?"

Along the way, Sun Rong tried her best to become friendlier with Wang Ling. However, his poker face never changed, and he showed no intention of responding to her at all.

This was really embarrassing.

...

This was the first time Wang Ling had given directions to another person.

If he and Sun Rong hadn't happened to share the same destination, he wouldn't have even bothered to raise his arm.

He really hated interacting with other people, especially once he had reached the Soul Formation stage the year he turned seven. He had mastered the ability to read minds, and was hearing people's inner voices all the time. Since then, his ears had never had a moment's peace, especially at night; if he didn't put in earplugs, he probably would go insane.

Just like with Sun Rong, who on the surface looked like she was just trying her best to break the ice between them, Wang Ling could very clearly hear what she was thinking.

She was wholly unhappy with his indifference.

To be honest, Wang Ling felt that it was a waste of her talent to study in Number 60 High School. With her strength, it wouldn't matter which key high school she went to, she would definitely be in the elite stream.

Sun Rong's reason for coming here was completely opposite to Wang Ling's.

Wang Ling went out of his way to hide his status, while Sun Rong had racked her brain for a way to emphasize her presence.

In a key high school, top students were a dime a dozen, and standing out wouldn't be easy. But in an ordinary environment like Number 60 High School, Sun Rong felt she would definitely be able to showcase her presence.

She had never expected that just as she entered the school, there would actually be a boy who would turn a blind eye to her. Damn it! Was this blockhead gay or something?

Wang Ling had never expected that just as he entered the school, he would actually attract a girl's attention.

What a shitty situation!

At this moment, the two people walking abreast of each other could not help but sigh silently.

...

The enrollment interview was just like the placement test that had been used hundreds of years ago. It was aimed at determining each student's rank without prejudice amidst massive student numbers. Having said that, students who could enter Number 60 High School were all already at the Foundation Establishment stage. But the stage was further divided into several levels.

While there seemed to be just a narrow gap between early and late Foundation Establishment, the difference in overall strength was very large, and students on both ends in the same class were bound to clash with one another.

In the relatively small classroom, three examiners sat in a row.

There were also a number of other teenagers already present who were all there for the interview.

Wang Ling walked directly to the back of the classroom, and slipped into the most inconspicuous seat there.

The instant Sun Rong walked into the classroom, her movie-star looks caught the eye of all the teens, and even that of the three examiners.

The men in the classroom, young and old, blushed in spite of themselves. Even a few of the girls dropped their heads shyly.

"My name is Sun Rong, we're going to be schoolmates from now on. I look forward to your guidance." Sun Rong had always been both a man- and lady-killer, and enjoyed being in the spotlight. Bowing naturally and gracefully, she tossed back her beautiful hair and gave an easy and confident smile.

The only thing that dissatisfied Sun Rong was Wang Ling's damn unchanging poker face.

In this world, how could there be a man unmoved by her?

In her heart, she started to think of a plan to capture Wang Ling's attention.

On the other side, the three examiners were astonished after Sun Rong introduced herself.

"Sun... Sun... Sun Rong?" One of the male examiners had a stunned expression on his face.

"Which Sun Rong? Don't tell me it's that Sun Rong?"

Another examiner hurriedly flipped through the interview materials for the candidates that day, and in the end couldn't help swearing.

"Holy shit! The eldest grandchild of the Huaguo Water Curtain Group... Sun Rong?"

That was the Fortune 500 company that made its name selling elixirs!

On the other side, a silent Wang Ling heard what the three examiners said, and frowned suddenly. He had already guessed that Sun Rong's identity wasn't so simple, but he hadn't expected that she would come from such a powerful family. His plan was to keep a low profile, which was why he had chosen a relatively ordinary high school. Who knew that even before school officially started, he would already encounter such a huge headache.

Wang Ling watched as Sun Rong smilingly came over, directly drawing up a chair to sit next to him. He was speechless.

Why the hell would the eldest granddaughter of a Fortune 500 company come running to such a mediocre high school to prove herself?

Or were the rich second generation nowadays fond of moving around incognito?

Wang Ling closed his eyes, directly ignoring the way Sun Rong was making eyes at him.

Anyway, as long as he was careful not to reveal too much of his real strength, he should be able to get rid of this annoying person without a hitch, right?

Wang Ling didn't want an obsessive maniac staring at him non-stop in class the whole day.

A moment later, the voice of one of the examiners sounded from the dais. "The interview is about to begin. Everyone, please prepare yourselves."

For all senior high school students who were at the same Foundation Establishment stage, the enrollment interview wasn't as complex as they might have expected, and was mainly about testing their strength.

Scientific research had shown that it was not as difficult to reach the Foundation Establishment stage as one might have imagined. As long as a person had adequate nutrition as a child, along with a bit of innate skill, it wasn't hard to achieve this stage.

Of course, there was also one extraordinary freak in particular who had advanced at a rate of one stage every two years completely without the help of elixirs.

Unlike the Wang couple's generation, which had suffered from a lack of nutrition, almost every child in urban areas nowadays had access to all kinds of health care products from a young age. Things like "Diamond Partners" and "Brain Gold," popular brand-name health care products that enhanced a person's cultivation base, increased intelligence, and built up the physique, were all produced by Huaguo Water Curtain Group.

But the reliance on supplements to enhance one's foundation had also created the worst problem; as the common saying went, "Gold and jade on the outside, rot and decay on the inside."

The threshold for entering the Foundation Establishment stage was already low enough, yet the school couldn't be certain whether a student's true strength actually matched the stage.

This was the real reason why high schools had set up an entrance test. Apart from obtaining clear assessment results, it was also for identifying potential genius.

By the time Wang Ling's batch graduated, the number of students who would be able to break out of the Foundation Establishment stage to become a master at the Golden Core stage (Golden Core Transformation Rate) would have a direct impact on the school's reputation. More importantly, it would be a critical evaluation criterion in the school's application to become a key high school at a later date.

On the dais, a middle-aged examiner with a sharp face said slowly, "Over the years in our Number 60 High School, the success rate for attaining Golden Core has been two in ten thousand. That is to say, out of ten thousand students, there might be two in their graduating year who will be able to become what people in the modern age all dream of — Golden Core masters. They in turn can take their dreams of reaching the Nascent Soul stage to a better university. I hope that in the next three years, every student here will work hard, aim high, and strive toward becoming a qualified successor of cultivation principles..."

Two in ten thousand might sound a little embarrassing, but Number 60 High School recruited just under three hundred students each year, after all. Wang Ling knew that this wasn't too terrible a statistic, since some of the worse schools couldn't even achieve that.

"Next, we shall begin with the strength test. Everyone, please put on your VR glasses for phase one of the test."

With a roll book in his hand, one of the examiners cleared his throat slightly and called out a name. "First candidate, Sun Rong."





Chapter 3 Tuntian Ha


It was the cultivation year 4396. VR (virtual reality technology) was now highly developed, and was put to use in all major high schools. At the same time, VR equipment was indispensable for conducting exams in ordinary Foundation Establishment high schools. VR equipment with built-in spirit energy sensors perfectly transmitted all kinds of data on the users' spirit energy to the system and reflected it back into the virtual environment.

Of course, the equipment would be even more advanced in a key city high school. The technology was a fusion of holograms and cultivation talismans which could warp time and space in an instant, switch between scenes smoothly, and simulate a real environment as well as feelings of pain.

But Wang Ling was indifferent to all of this.

No matter how advanced the simulation technology was, it was still only simulating the cultivation environment at the Foundation Establishment stage.

Wang Ling wouldn't feel the slightest bit of pain, even if he stood still for a demon king to punch him in the chest.

This was because he had already long attained a Sage Body.

That year, he had just turned nine years old.

For Wang Ling, what he needed to pay the most attention to was how to pull back his aura precisely. Otherwise, his highly intense magnetic energy field would interfere with the virtual glasses due to the huge gap in realms, and could result in the system crashing.

To prepare for the placement test, he had been assiduously practicing holding back his aura at home in the last few days, and had already destroyed hundreds of virtual glasses.

At that moment, Sun Rong had already put on the glasses, and everyone else could clearly see what was happening to her on a screen on the side.

She was up against a virtual demon, a gigantic toad.

This toad was modeled on one of the beasts in the demon rampage six years ago, a demon king called "Tuntian Ha"!

That year, the person who had defeated this demon king was a graduate of Number 60 High School — the legendary Zhuo Yi!

In the thousands of years since Number 60 High School had been established, Zhuo Yi was perhaps the most formidable talent the school had ever nurtured. While he came from an impoverished background, he had shown brilliant talent. When he was very young, the headmaster of Number 60 High School had taken one look at him before taking him in as his disciple, thus granting him direct entry into the school. The year Zhuo Yi graduated, he had only been eighteen years old, but was already an unparalleled master at the late Golden Core stage.

After that, Zhuo Yi joined the General Administration of 100 Cultivation Schools as Deputy Director, becoming the youngest director in its history.

But at the time, he had only been well-known in a small region. It was his dazzling performance during the "demon rampage" six years ago that truly made him a great name.

At that time, Zhuo Yi had released a burst of qi from one finger, which shot thousands of li 1 through the air to kill the Tuntian Ha as it emerged from the Gate Between Worlds to besiege the city.

1(The 'li' is a traditional Chinese measurement of distance, and is equivalent to half a kilometer in length.) In one stroke, Zhuo Yi became known to the world after this battle!

From then on, Number 60 High School would use the "Tuntian Ha" directly in their assessments. On one hand, it was in honor of Zhuo Yi; on the other hand, it called for all students to look to him as a role model.

As a result, the toad could be found in almost every school exam, so Number 60 High School alumni jokingly called it the "devil toad."

"After the system update, I heard that the Tuntian Ha assessment was also upgraded."

"That's right. When Zhuo Yi killed the Tuntian Ha, he also gained possession of its primordial spirit. Unfortunately, the school's equipment back then didn't have the capability to transmit its spirit into the system.

"Now that the system has been updated, we uploaded the Tuntian Ha's spirit into the system's data core for a perfect simulation."

One of the examiners gazed at the colossal cyan creature on the virtual battlefield, and frowned deeply in spite of himself. "I'm afraid that even for Sun Rong, this might still be difficult to handle."

Although the school had set up the Tuntian Ha assessment by level of difficulty, the system's core was still based on data from the the Tuntian Ha's spirit in order to simulate an actual environment, so the test was harder compared with last year.

At present, this Tuntian Ha was still at the middle Foundation Establishment stage. The test result would be far from satisfactory if Sun Rong failed to discover its weak point at the very start in order to deal it critical damage.

Everyone's eyes were fixed on Sun Rong, while Wang Ling gave a big yawn as he looked at the screen.

Apart from being at the Foundation Establishment stage at the very least, dealing with this Tuntian Ha and causing sufficient damage also required real aptitude.

Wang Ling's current abilities of perception far outclassed that of scientific instruments. His eyes were like a portable radiation machine; with just one look, he could determine the meridian levels of every single person in the room.

Two hundred and fifty-six meridians needed to be opened up to fully realize the Foundation Establishment stage, and seventy percent of Sun Rong's meridians were already open. Even if she was unlucky and unable to deal critical damage, her grade wouldn't be too terrible.

With everyone watching her, Sun Rong stared at the gigantic demon and took a deep breath. She then made a tight fist and bolted forward bravely. With an explosive cracking sound, she struck directly at the Tuntian Ha's abdomen!

This was the exact spot where Zhuo Yi had landed the killing blow back then.

"Boom!"

After that one hit, there were still several wisps of smoke wafting out of Sun Rong's fist.

This was the best proof of the powerful friction that had been generated between her fist and the air, showing that she had used all her strength in that one blow.

Before long, a huge "S" appeared in the virtual void.

"Classmate Sun Rong's one blow actually got an S grade!"

Someone cried out in surprise.

Seeing this, the three examiners couldn't stop blushing with shame.

It appeared that they had been worried about Sun Rong for nothing.

She had actually obtained an S grade straightaway?

But as the future successor of the Huaguo Water Curtain Group, her dazzling performance was truly to be expected!

After the system upgrade, according to the existing general data, only one percent of past examinees had obtained an S grade, five percent an A grade, and ten percent a B grade, while the rest of the examinees had obtained even proportions of C, D and F grades. The number of examinees who had obtained the higher SS grade, or even SSS grade, was so small that the data was negligible.

After recording Sun Rong's grade, the examiners looked at the roll book and called out the next name. "Second candidate, Wang Ling. Please come forward to take the test."

Bored stiff, Wang Ling raised his head. He hadn't expected that it would be his turn so soon.

Directly ignoring Sun Rong's small smile at him as she left the dais, Wang Ling carefully put on the virtual glasses. He had pulled his spirit energy as far back as it could go, to avoid destroying the machine the instant he put the glasses on.

Fortunately, after crushing hundreds of glasses in the last few days, his experience this time round could be considered a pass for Wang Ling.

But as it turned out, the biggest problem was still to come.

He stared at the enormous cyan toad in front him.

To be honest, this was a little unexpected for Wang Ling.

Because in the demon rampage six years ago, the Tuntian Ha which legendary Zhuo Yi had killed with his sky-parting ability...

Actually, back then, it was Wang Ling who had killed it, on his way to the shops.

That year, he was ten years old...





Chapter 4 The One-In-A-Million Imperial Aura


The demon rampage six years ago was perhaps one of the gravest catastrophes that Huaxiu nation had ever faced since its founding.

Failure to properly contain residual spirit energy had resulted in the contamination of the fabric of space, creating holes in the space barrier which allowed the demon world to take advantage of the Gate Between Worlds.

The demon rampage that year had been so devastating that in one night, Huaxiu nation had made economic losses that ran into tens of billions.

The strangest thing was that the demons had retreated as quickly as they had come, but those few days had given rise to several heroic cultivators who had then been honored with the title of Huaxiu nation's "Cultivator of the Year."

Zhuo Yi, who had killed the fifth-ranked Tuntian Ha with his sky-parting skill, had been one of them.

Apart from him, Wang Ling remembered that there were nine other individuals who had been granted that honor, but he couldn't recall their names.

He remembered that it had initially been a sunny and cloudless day.

Wang Ling had been walking alone down the street in the capital of Huaxiu nation, Star City.

He lived in a small villa thirty thousand li away from the city center, in a mixed urban and rural area right on the fringes of Star City. Although it was very far away, it had only taken Wang Ling around five minutes at full speed to reach the city center.

And as for his reason for traveling thousands of li to Star City, he had just wanted to buy a limited edition crispy noodle snack.

Wang Ling remembered that Small Raccoon Crispy Noodle Snacks had released a limited edition collection card that day, which was only being circulated in Star City. If you found the limited edition raccoon flashcard in your snack packet, you would be able to enjoy free crispy noodle snacks for the next two hundred years.

For Wang Ling, this had truly been an offer too tempting to resist.

In his memory, the value of these crispy noodle snacks was higher than even the priceless magic objects sold at the market.

Because no matter how expensive these objects were, or how rare the material used in their making, they only lasted minutes in Wang Ling's hands before he broke them.

But crispy noodle snacks were different.

Even if they broke into pieces, he could still happily gorge himself on them, and satisfy his desire for good food!

From a young age, Wang Ling had always thought that the inventor of crispy noodle snacks deserved to be given an award for them.

Just as he was hurrying to the Small Raccoon Crispy Noodle Snacks flagship store, a well-established business that had been around for some eight hundred years, the Gate Between Worlds had split the air without warning, suddenly opening with a loud boom in the sky.

This moment would be forever etched in Wang Ling's memory.

The split in the sky had happened directly above the store, and the violent vibrations and gravitational waves it caused had leveled the big store in an instant.

Already Wang Ling couldn't recall much of what he had been feeling at that time.

The only thing he remembered was that he had been so angry, and he had looked impatiently for something to vent his resentment on!

And so it was at that moment when something large had fallen from the sky...

It had a bulky and thick cyan-colored torso, and an insufferably arrogant air as it dropped down in front of Wang Ling. Its compass-sized pupils had flickered with a strange luster — it was a massive, cyan-colored toad.

This was probably the biggest monster Wang Ling had seen since he was born.

The instant its three hundred-foot long body landed on the ground, it raised a dust cloud that stretched out for fifty li around.

This poor Tuntian Ha, however, had been very unlucky to have encountered Wang Ling.

How the hell was it to know what was going to happen to it?

The Tuntian Ha hadn't even finished its loud cry before Wang Ling had already pierced through its abdomen with one punch...

It fell to the ground, and in the moment that its spirit was drawn out, the Tuntian Ha had taken a look at the person who had killed it in one blow...

...

A child just ten years old?

At that moment, ten thousand grass mud horses 1 had galloped through the Tuntian Ha's heart.

1(The pinyin for "grass mud horse" is 'cao ni ma', which in turn is a homonym for the phrase "fuck your mother.") Motherfucker, what the hell was up with this planet?

With the last trace of its spirit energy, the Tuntian Ha had warned the monsters on the other side of the gate not to approach this world.

Thus, the reason why the demons had retreated so quickly six years ago was inevitably linked to Wang Ling.

As for how Zhuo Yi came to be credited with killing the Tuntian Ha, and the awards presentation after... Wang Ling had no idea. He only remembered being heartbroken for a long time over the loss of that distinguished, hundreds-of-years-old flagship store which sold crispy noodle snacks.

...

This time, standing once again in front of a system-modified, scaled-down version of the "Tuntian Ha," Wang Ling was feeling a mix of emotions.

He had anticipated that Number 60 High School was bound to make a big deal of Zhuo Yi's glorious deed in killing the Tuntian Ha. However, he had never accounted for the possibility that Number 60 High School had actually gotten hold of its spirit and had even transmitted it into the system database in order to create a more authentic simulation.

This was the aura that had killed it with one blow! Even though it had been reduced to this, the Tuntian Ha had definitely never forgotten it.

Even though six years had passed, the Tuntian Ha still recognized Wang Ling as he stood in front of it once again.

And so, the instant the toad saw Wang Ling, it immediately turned petrified... there was not a single monster who wanted to be hit twice by such a freak... would his punch this time destroy the last of its remaining spirit?

Honestly speaking, Wang Ling had no idea what to do when faced with the Tuntian Ha again.

While he was hesitating, the Tuntian Ha made the first move — and fell to the ground with a boom .

And, well, that was it.

Wang Ling: "..."

The Tuntian Ha's four legs were pointed to the sky, and it rolled its eyes emphatically.

The system gave its evaluation right away — SSS!!

Everyone cried out in surprise!

"What the hell? What is going on? Student Wang hasn't even thrown a punch yet."

"Could it be a system error?" One examiner's jaw had dropped at what he was seeing.

"That shouldn't be possible... all the equipment was checked yesterday, and there definitely hadn't been any issues."

"I got it!"

Another examiner yelled excitedly, "Could it be... is this the legendary Killer Gaze?"

Wang Ling: "..."

Tuntian Ha: "..."

"That can be the only possibility."

Yet another examiner said solemnly, "Legends speak of some talented people who possessed this special ability. They can make monsters dizzy with the aura in their gazes... it's also mentioned in the cultivation encyclopedia..."

"Im, im... imperial aura?"

At this moment, the three examiners drew in sharp breaths, and were actually so excited they started to cry freely.

Yes! It had to be!

This could be the only explanation for why Wang Ling was able to knock the toad out just by staring at it!

While Wang Ling was at a loss, one examiner came up to him and grasped his hand tightly. "Student Wang, you are the future hope of our Number 60 High School!"

"..."

"According to the regulations, Student Wang will be directly admitted into our Number 60 High School's elite class!"

"..."

"Let us give Student Wang Ling a round of applause, and we look forward to him performing even greater feats at Number 60 High School."

"..."

...

The red setting sun cast a long shadow as Wang Ling walked home in solitude.

His eyes swept over the letter for admittance into the elite class, personally presented to him by Number 60 High School's director of education.

At that moment, in Wang Ling's heart, he didn't know whether he should be cursing motherfucker or not.





Chapter 5 Someone Else's Child


Since childhood, Wang Ling had kept a very low profile, and had always avoided being in the spotlight.

Of course, there were exceptions, such as the placement test. For this official evaluation, he had even specially researched how to control his own magnetic field so that it wouldn't crush the machine used in the test.

Yet no matter how hard he had tried to find a way to keep a low profile, in the end he had still been admitted into the elite class.

How on earth was he supposed to bring this up?

At dinner, Wang Ling absent-mindedly chewed a mouthful of rice, and couldn't help looking upward as he heaved a deep sigh.

Why was it so hard to be a bad student nowadays?

He definitely couldn't count on his parents to understand his pain.

The buffoon couple goggled at the letter for admittance into the elite class, personally presented to Wang Ling by the school's director of education. With eyes as large as gongs, they scanned the letter from top to bottom, afraid to miss a single word.

After a while, the middle-aged man, who still looked fairly good for his age with a small mustache and slicked-back hair, took off his black-rimmed glasses and cupped his chin in his hands as he looked at Wang Ling. "Student Wang Ling, I think we should have a word."

Although he was very unwilling to acknowledge this man, who until now had yet to reach the Foundation Establishment stage, as his own father, Wang Ling still very obediently put down his chopsticks.

No prizes for guessing, Wang Ling already knew what Father Wang was going to say. His first sentence would definitely be: "You've really let me down!"

And as expected, he had guessed right.

"You've really let me down!"

Father Wang let out a deep sigh and pinched his mustache as he said, "Couldn't you do a little worse in your test? You get such good grades every time, it's very awkward for your mother and me!"

Wang Ling wordlessly rolled his eyes. It wasn't like he deliberately set out to do so well! Like what happened today, it was totally an act of god!

"You should know that until now, your mother and I have not yet reached the Foundation Establishment stage. But you? Now there's nonsense talk on the street..." At this point, Father Wang covered his face, and even sobbed. "Not only are people saying that we picked you up off the street, some are even saying that I've been cuckolded!"

Wang Ling: "..."

"Next time, just don't try so hard in your test. Or just directly hand in a blank paper, don't listen to your mother about practicing moderation or whatever. All of that is sheer nonsense."

"..."

Wang Ling was speechless. He had never tried hard on any of his tests, alright?

Father Wang sighed. "If you get such good grades again, be careful that I don't spank you!"

Hearing this, Wang Ling's face turned black, and he straightaway broke his chopsticks.

"..."

Seeing this, Father Wang trembled. "Goddammit, I just bought these Ninth Heaven black iron chopsticks two days ago, and already another pair is broken!"

"Forget it, forget it, Ling Ling still can't control himself. Why would you bring this up when we're eating?" Compared with Father Wang, Mother Wang's attitude toward this had always been to let nature take its course; between the two of them, they always embarrassed Wang Ling.

"More than that, we need to hurry up and teach Ling Ling how to control his strength, and it's also more important that he eats well. Another pair of chopsticks broken... manufacturers nowadays, the quality is just getting worse and worse." Mother Wang sighed woefully; their household expenditure was going to increase again.

From a young age, Wang Ling had always had immense strength in his hands. After he broke that large sword at the age of one, Father and Mother Wang had changed almost all of their furniture, worried that Wang Ling would break them if he wasn't careful — if it wasn't made out of black jade, then it was made out of black iron, and even black diamond.

Looking at the broken pair of black iron chopsticks, the Wang couple couldn't help the mix of emotions that welled up in them. When they had been teaching Wang Ling how to use chopsticks, thousands of pairs had been sacrificed to the cause.

This could all be summed up in a single phrase: "pain in the ass."

But this phrase had been a constant for almost all of Wang Ling's life; things were a pain so often that he had gotten used to it.

After reaching the super high cultivation realm that everyone dreamed about, what then?

Make one hundred million 1 by performing tricks on the streets?

1(Wang Jianlin, who was the richest man in Asia in 2017, once advised in an interview that young people who want to become rich should set a "small target" of a hundred million yuan first - that's equivalent to USD15.6 million.) Sure, Wang Ling could smash towering mountains with his chest, but there weren't that many mountains around for him to smash! And nowadays, natural resources everywhere were protected by the nation — smashing a mountain would get you three years in prison at the very least, or the death penalty at most!

Power to dominate everything? Ambition to rule the planet?

Sure, Wang Ling had the strength to do all that, but he would prefer to stay home and read comics.

Unlimited magical powers, the great ability to turn time and space upside down?

Sure, Wang Ling could open up a spatio-temporal channel with his strength. But if he was caught by the spatial-temporal supervisor, considering how small their family estate was, any punishment he received could reduce them to ruin and poverty in an instant.

All in all, reaching a super high cultivation realm was not as relaxing or uncomplicated as one might have imagined.

Even if he was the king of cultivation, so what? He still had to deal with nonsense big and small every day, and make meticulous plans for keeping a low profile in order to avoid bringing disaster upon his muggle parents.

Wang Ling looked at the table full of dishes. As he ate a final mouthful of rice, he silently heaved a deep sigh: my heart is exhausted!

At his current realm, he could theoretically stop eating and it wouldn't affect him, since he only needed to absorb a bit of spirit energy from nature every day.

For him, eating now was purely a formality.

...

After returning to his bedroom, what Wang Ling liked to do most was lie on his small bed in the middle of the night and quietly look at a sky full of stars through his ceiling skylight.

It was only during this time that the noise in Wang Ling's ears would subside a little. Even though he couldn't completely block out the effects of his Mind-Reading Ability, they were just a low murmur in his ears during this time.

Compared with what it was like during the day, he felt that this was already pretty peaceful.

Many times, he had wondered if he was actually from another world. But ironclad evidence from DNA tests had dispelled his doubts when he was still very young. This muggle couple that was into public displays of affection were his real biological parents.

The most frightening thing in the world wasn't making progress and growing every day — it was if that rate of progress never seemed to end.

...

When he was younger, Wang Ling had attempted to figure out the limits of his realm. It wasn't until he was older that he realized that such limits simply didn't exist for him...

With a consistent increase in his realm at a rate of one stage every two years, he couldn't tell what the end for him was, and for a time, he had found this very terrifying.

But now, what terrified him more was his future high school life.

Who the hell knew what was going to happen to him?

He had initially planned to enter school quietly, but because of a freak combination of factors, he had been admitted into the elite class.

And then there was Sun Rong... already he knew that she was going to be a troublesome person.

At first, he hadn't planned for their paths to cross often, but this trouble had already arrived on his doorstep.

Sitting upright on the bed, Wang Ling rubbed the skin between his eyebrows as his head hurt. Shortly after that, he stretched out one arm to take out a bag of snacks from his drawer.

Regardless what happens tomorrow...

At that moment, Wang Ling had decided... let's eat some crispy noodle snacks first to chase the uneasiness away!





Chapter 6 The First Day of School


It was the first day of school at Number 60 High School.

Oh, no, to be more precise, it was the first day of Foundation Establishment high school nationwide.

Huaxiu nation's education policy had always adhered to the "no rules, no order" motto. Based on a cultural heritage thousands of centuries old, this adage definitely wasn't just for show. Getting to school on time, attending morning classes, eating lunch, leaving school, wearing the compulsory school uniform... all of these had already long existed in well-preserved historical books on school rules and regulations dating back hundreds of years.

Last night, while Wang Ling had been eating his crispy noodle snack, the uniform had been sent to his home via space delivery.

The school uniform was blue and white in color, and looked like sportswear. There was even a specially printed word on the back of the uniform, a large "ELITE" for the elite class...

Although he had already prepared himself mentally, Wang Ling still couldn't help drawing in a sharp breath at the uniform style.

He understood the reasoning behind it.

It was normal for an established culture that was thousands of centuries old, or for promoting ethnic culture, or whatever... but couldn't their damn sense of style have also improved a little bit?! What the hell was up with the "ELITE" on the back of the uniform? A privilege for the elite class?

Looking at it from all sides, Wang Ling felt that the inspiration for the uniform was definitely copied off the ancient prison uniform for deathrow inmates thirty thousand years ago, which typically had the word "DEAD" printed on the front and back.

However, you couldn't say that there weren't any improvements. Almost all the pockets on the uniform were space storage, their capacities so large they would almost never be completely filled. This was a true achievement in line with Huaxiu nation's education policy, which for thousands of years had aimed to reduce the burden on students.

Clearly though, this wasn't the main point.

For Wang Ling, the heaviest burden of all was how he was going to face the worst fucking day tomorrow.

From the Wang family's small villa in its mixed urban and rural area, it was ten thousand li to Number 60 High School. Almost as fast as the wind, Wang Ling ran full steam along country lanes until he arrived at the school gate in under two minutes.

After all, he had once run thirty thousand li to buy crispy noodle snacks when he had been younger. For him, this distance of ten thousand li was just too relaxing; his face wasn't red, nor was he out of breath.

As today was the first day of school, members of the guidance office along with several school leaders were greeting new students in person at the gate.

Just as Wang Ling was about to turn a corner, he could hear a few people chatting from afar.

"I heard that a new student received a SSS grade yesterday?"

"That's right, Headmaster Chen. The student is called Wang Ling, and has already joined the elite class."

"I see... seems like this student is sure to accomplish much in the future. Is Student Wang Ling a male or female student?" asked Headmaster Chen.

"A male student."

Headmaster Chen's expression was full of regret. "Ah, male students nowadays are already very perceptive. If this Student Wang Ling had been a girl, I wouldn't have mind calling her to my office to personally instruct her in her learning."

Behind him, each and every one of the school leaders and officers sighed with regret all over their faces.

Wang Ling: "..."

After tidying up his uniform, Wang Ling calmly walked through the school gate, bowing and saluting without being recognized by anyone. This was because, when he had been running helter-skelter for Number 60 High School, he had already used one of the Three Thousand Great Spells — the Great Transfiguration Spell.

Compared with an ordinary disguise technique, the biggest difference was that this powerful ability could completely alter appearances, fingerprints and DNA, and couldn't be detected by even the most advanced technology.

On the other hand, the disguise technique was based on an ancient method of makeup application which would immediately be detected by any electronic eye on the street, swiftly triggering a police alert.

In this way, Wang Ling successfully slipped into school after escaping the notice of the various leaders at the school gate... although it was obviously a tiresome effort, he felt that it was worth it.

For Wang Ling, all cheers and applause were superfluous.

From a young age, what he had always hoped for the most was a peaceful environment where he could study quietly. Unfortunately, none of his fucking wishes had ever come true.

Some people said that when god closed one door, he inevitably opened a window.

In Wang Ling's case, it was obviously a more wretched situation. God not only opened both the door and window for him, he even summoned a ferocious sandstorm outside the window...

Grade One, Class Three was located on the first floor of the Number 60 High School teaching building.

Location-wise, outside the front door of the classroom was the female toilets, while outside the back door was the male toilets. At the same time, it was the class closest to the school canteen. Every time school let out for lunch at noon, a horde of elites could be seen bolting ahead to the battlefield with their tableware raised. It was a magnificent scene beyond compare.

Unlike schools in the old days, there were now less courses but longer class periods, which were rigorously aligned with the trend of the modern cultivation age. Fitness and strength training were a given, and basic courses like drawing talismans, producing spirit water, refining pills and so on would take up all of Wang Ling's time in Senior Grade One.

Senior Grade One was when students learned the important basics. Although Wang Ling had already learned all this himself when he was still in the womb, he still had to pretend to know nothing, obediently attend every class, then do his best to get average grades.

It was a real pain in the ass for him, having to constantly consider these petty things.

Making friends had always been Wang Ling's weak point. Number 60 High School had two elite classes, and there were fifteen students in his class.

After an emotionally tiring morning of selecting a class committee, Wang Ling could probably only remember a handful of names.

The brunt of it was the person who had been unanimously elected class monitor, Sun Rong. Huaguo Water Curtain Group's Young Miss, who was at the late Foundation Establishment stage, presented herself as the standard for the beautiful, modern-day maiden. She did her utmost to display the image of a beautiful, elegant and graceful girl. But while she appeared perfectly flawless, there was enough drama in her heart to write an epic soap opera about bitter family feuds that had never been seen before in the history of Huaxiu nation.

The second was Chen Chao, who was in charge of sports activities. He was at the peak late Foundation Establishment stage, and was one of the strongest young men with the greatest potential to break through to the Golden Core stage. Born into an old martial arts family, Chen Chao was a muscular man obsessed with keeping fit and bodybuilding. He was probably the most energetic and exuberant person in the whole school, his blood always boiling at some random thing or other, leaving people feeling strangely stirred up and moved.

The third was Guo Hao, the political science representative at the late Foundation Establishment stage. His family operated a pet shop, which had evolved into a soul beast business in his great-grandfather's generation. He frequently carried around a parrot called Er Dan, and together they would put on a two-man show, sometimes critiquing current affairs, sometimes lamenting the state of the nation and its people. He was also known as gossip central for all the classes. People had given him the nickname Master of Er Dan.

The fourth person was also the one that Wang Ling was most wary of, Li Xuanjing. While it sounded like a girl's name, he was a rough-looking fellow who was one hundred and ninety centimeters tall. Like his name 1 , he was a man of few words, and perhaps the most unremarkable person in the class. Most crucially, Wang Ling realized that his Mind-Reading Ability couldn't be used on him, and he completely couldn't read the other boy's thoughts.

1(The 'jing' in Li Xuanjing's name means "quiet.") This type of situation was rare, and there were only two instances where Wang Ling would be prevented from reading minds. The first was if someone was carrying a powerful magic treasure that blocked out the signal from Wang Ling's spirit energy. The second was if someone was simple or pure enough, and didn't have a single scheming bone in their body.

Whatever the case, in Wang Ling's eyes, Li Xuanjing was a ticking time bomb that could explode any time, which was completely detrimental to his plan to hide his identity.

All in all, these were the four people around whom Wang Ling was going to have to be especially vigilant.

After the period was over, the class was filled with loud bursts of laughter. Looking around his noisy environment, Wang Ling couldn't help but sigh silently. Trying to hide his identity in this wretched hot zone was going to be fucking difficult.

Glancing at the clock, Wang Ling took a book out of his space pocket, On Talismans , and placed it on the table.

Just then, the bell for the next class rang.

Less than a second after that, a middle-aged woman wearing gold-rimmed glasses and her hair up in a ponytail stormed through the door and up onto the dais, slapping down the blue roll book in her hands. "I could already hear all of you in the corridor when I was still in the office! You are the school's elites; making so much noise, whatever will you do next?"

This middle-aged woman was Pan Shengcong, the teacher-in-charge of Grade One, Elite Class Three. At the same time, she was also the fifth person around whom Wang Ling needed to be more vigilant...





Chapter 7 The Great Teacher Pan


Wang Ling had already long heard about the glorious deeds of Teacher Pan Shengcong. As a leading teacher at Number 60 High School who had come back to work after retirement, she had trained quite a number of students with the greatest potential of breaking through to the Golden Core stage. Unfortunately, though they were clearly only one step away from Golden Core, by the time they graduated, they hadn't been able to break through to that stage.

But Teacher Pan was absolutely not to blame.

As the saying went, you can lead a horse to water, but you cannot make it drink; if you are lazy to cultivate in your prime, you'll regret it in your old age.

Despite countless cases of failure, Teacher Pan Shengcong was able to clutch at one last straw the year she was going to retire — Number 60 High School's legendary figure, Zhuo Yi.

That's right, the legendary Zhuo Yi, who graduated from Number 60 High School and who became famous for killing the Tuntian Ha with one blow, used to be Teacher Pan's student.

Because of this, the school leaders had the utmost trust in her. Thus, though she had the lowest realm of all the teachers that had returned to employment after retirement, she was the leading teacher with the highest salary.

Whether or not this was the result of some back-door connection, Wang Ling didn't give a damn.

He just hoped that Teacher Pan was a little more astute, and wouldn't find trouble with him for no reason. After all, he was working hard to become a transparent existence!

Like all teachers-in-charge, Teacher Pan had sharp eyes and ears.

For example, she had been able to hear the students in class laughing when she had still been far away in her office.

Also, when she had walked down the corridor, she had seen that the students in the class next door were all diligently learning, but her own class was a mess.

As a result, Teacher Pan was infuriated; as soon as she entered the class, she slapped the roll book down loudly, making her dissatisfaction clear. "This will be my eightieth year teaching at Number 60 High School. I've been in charge of ten elite classes, and you are the tenth! Of all of them, you are the worst class that I've ever been in charge of!"

Everyone was taken aback at her words, but somehow felt like they'd heard them before.

Nonetheless, as the most difficult female teacher in the history of Number 60 High School, nobody dared to get on her bad side on the first day of school. Of course, Sun Rong might be an exception. But Teacher Pan wasn't stupid enough to provoke her for no reason.

She didn't know any of the other students, so in that situation, Teacher Pan swiftly looked for someone to be made an example of in front of everyone else, in order to demonstrate her authority as the teacher-in-charge.

"Which one is Student Wang Ling?"

Wang Ling was startled as everyone in the class turned in unison to look at him.

Teacher Pan: "It was you, I heard your voice just now in the corridor!"

Wang Ling: "..."

"No matter how any of you got here, whether by strength or luck, since you are already here in my class, I hope all of you elites take heed! You must not be late, nor can you leave early, and don't make a racket! If you really want to challenge me, I'll have no choice but to invite your parents to school!"

This was the typical routine before the start of a new class. As the taciturn one in class, Wang Ling had almost always experienced this unjust treatment from a young age.

He remembered that the worst incident had been during Qi Condensation prep class, when he had directly summoned a meteorite which had smashed into the sports field, causing classes to be suspended for three days...

Luckily, Wang Ling had now already learned how to control his mood.

Otherwise, if he really went crazy, even he himself would be afraid.

...

Teacher Pan was mainly in charge of teaching the Dao talismans course. Apart from some of the basics of making talismans, the bulk of it was aimed at teaching the elite class advanced content.

Cinnabar, yellow talisman paper, spirit water and a writing brush — these were the four basic raw materials for drawing a talisman.

The elite class didn't spend as much time on the course basics, so the class moved at a much quicker pace. It was just the first class, but Teacher Pan had already brought the four main raw materials with her as she lectured, "I don't know if any of you have drawn a talisman before, but in my class, we're going to start from scratch. Now, I'm going to teach you how to draw a ghost-summoning talisman."

The ghost-summoning talisman, as its name suggested, was a talisman for summoning ghosts, and belonged to the summoning category of talismans.

Compared with other attack, defense, function-type or seal talismans, the ghost-summoning talisman might sound frightening, but of all the basic talismans, it was the easiest one to make. Even newbies had quite a high chance of successfully making one.

After she spoke, Teacher Pan mixed the cinnabar with spirit water, spread open the yellow talisman paper, and lifted her writing brush.

"Now I'm going to show you how to draw a ghost-summoning talisman."

Everyone's eyes were fixed on Teacher Pan as she skillfully lifted the writing brush and seemed to draw randomly on the yellow talisman paper. Just like that, a standard talisman was successfully created. The last step was to gather spirit energy and toss the talisman up into the air...

In the next moment, they witnessed a miracle.

The ghost-summoning talisman, which had been floating in the air, suddenly froze, and in the next instant, burst with a soft glow.

Everyone could see a transparent silhouette hovering in the air.

This thing was the so-called ghost.

Teacher Pan pointed at the greenish-gray thing and said, "I controlled the release of my spirit energy. What you are seeing now is the weakest of all ghosts, the hollow spirit, which doesn't have any killing intent. Because novice students can't control their spirit energy, they are likely to summon more aggressive spirits of a higher rank. But you don't have to worry, if anything unexpected happens, I will personally deal with it. Since I've already summoned this hollow spirit, I'll explain simply how to release it."

As she spoke, she dipped the tip of her forefinger into the blend of spirit water and cinnabar on the table, then quickly swiped at the area between the hollow spirit's eyebrows.

The hollow spirit let out a wretched cry and was instantly torn into two parts, which turned into wisps of vapor that then vanished.

"The area between the eyebrows is a ghost's weak point. Cultivators can easily release ghosts using a blend of spirit water and cinnabar, with the addition of a little more spirit energy. As for what is available in the market, to throw salt, use urine or chicken blood... all these are completely untrustworthy."

Teacher Pan waved her hand, and light flowed through the air as the four raw materials for making a talisman were distributed to each student. "Now you can get to work, and follow the steps I just demonstrated."

And that was it.

The classroom completely exploded, as all kinds of ghosts were summoned.

The hollow spirit which Sun Rong summoned was a female student who had slipped and fallen from the top of the Number 60 High School building. Technically speaking, this female ghost was their senior sister.

Chen Chao summoned an ancient headsman who still had nine knives stuck in his head. He had died when the family members of a prisoner on death row had stormed the execution ground, and in the confusion, the headsman had been stabbed to death.

Guo Hao summoned a skeleton dog with no flesh on its bones at all, drawing strong condemnation from the dog lovers in class.

There was a saying that the purer a person was in mind and heart, the easier it was to attract dirty things. This just happened to be verified by what the class commissary in charge of studies, Su Xiao, summoned.

It was a hollow spirit that had already completely evolved into a malicious ghost. It had bloodshot eyes, one of which was hanging out of its socket, and it emitted an incredibly strong sense of resentment.

But as one of the vanguard teachers who had been at Number 60 High School for ages, Teacher Pan was worthy of her reputation.

It seemed that the instant the malicious ghost appeared, she had already dashed forward. She pulled at the eyeball until it snapped off, and in front of everyone present, she crushed it in her hands.

In their hearts, everyone gasped in admiration: "..."

So fucking tough!

Almost the whole class had successfully used the materials on hand to create a summoning.

Wang Ling was the only person who was slow to act.

He had already taught himself this skill when he was still in the womb. It wasn't the least bit difficult — the number of talismans that Wang Ling could draw were probably more than what all the school teachers combined could produce.

The most difficult bit lay in the fact that he could not precisely control the release of his spirit energy.

Staring at the four raw materials on the table, Wang Ling was lost in deep thought...

Who the hell knew what he would summon?





Chapter 8 The Mysterious Legend of Number 60 High School


Everyone had probably heard the same legend from a young age — Number 60 High School used to be a graveyard.

Although Wang Ling had no way of officially checking whether this was true or not, the fact was that he could tell that the ground he was treading on really used to be a graveyard. The price for graveyard land had always been cheap, and six hundred years ago, this land had been acquired by the government's Education Department, which was when Number 60 High School had been built.

Wang Ling's hair stood on end at the thought.

Number 60 High School's sports field used to be part of the graveyard. Now, energetic students jumped around every morning to the two hundred and fiftieth set of radio gymnastics 1 , which was no different to disco dancing on burial mounds!

1(Radio gymnastics is a program introduced by the Chinese government in the 1950s which involves exercising to radio music. Eight sets of radio gymnastics have been broadcast as of 2012.) This would explain why so many bizarre things had shown up in their Dao talismans class.

In short, it was reasonable for Wang Ling to be worried.

He was unable to precisely control the release of his spirit energy. In addition, Number 60 High School used to be a graveyard. With these two deadly factors combined, Wang Ling couldn't guarantee that he wouldn't summon some weird ghost that Teacher Pan wouldn't be able to deal with.

Noticing that Wang Ling was slow to act, Teacher Pan slowly strolled over, her hands clasped behind her back. In her mind, if it wasn't because Wang Ling had good luck, then it was a bug in the system at the time which had enabled him to join the elite class. In fact, he seemed to be a real slacker.

"Why aren't you drawing a talisman? Or was there something you didn't understand from earlier? I can guide you through it!"

Didn't understand?

That was simply insulting his intelligence.

In his mind, Wang Ling silently rolled his eyes at Teacher Pan. This was a matter of life and death! What did she know?

But in this situation, he wasn't the one making the decisions. While staying low-key was the most important thing, he also didn't want to be pointed out by people as the loser who had snuck into the elite class by luck.

Staring deeply at the yellow talisman paper, Wang Ling exhaled, then lifted the writing brush.

At this moment, he could only try his best to control the release of his spirit energy...

The moment the talisman was completed, Wang Ling was already holding his breath. The people around him watched eagerly, looking forward to a show.

Like for everyone else, the yellow talisman floated in the air for a moment, and was then followed by a dazzling light.

Then, a monstrous, cyan-colored silhouette appeared in front of everyone's eyes.

In an instant, Teacher Pan turned petrified.

The surrounding students turned petrified.

Even Wang Ling himself turned petrified.

...

The Tuntian Ha had never expected that through this method, for the third time in its life, it would be confronted with the person whose existence was like a shadow over it.

Given Wang Ling's strength, if he couldn't control his spirit energy, the chances were high that he would summon an imperial-ranked ghost.

And in Number 60 High School, the highest ranked ghost was its damn self!

After its spirit had been sealed, the Tuntian Ha had exhausted all its options before a sliver of its soul had broken off and was able to escape the seal. But little did it think that Wang Ling would actually summon it here again.

At this moment, the poor toad's heart crumbled a little.

Looking at Wang Ling, its cold sweat flowed non-stop.

"Ribbit..." The moment it called out, the poor toad wanted to cry, but had no more tears left to shed.

It had already detected Wang Ling's killing intent; if it made the slightest suspicious move, it didn't doubt at all that Wang Ling would speedily dispatch it without the slightest hesitation.

In order to save the last sliver of its soul, the Tuntian Ha would swallow any future humiliation it might face.

So the toad let out the simplest croak to show that it was harmless.

Who could have imagined... a monster that used to be a fifth-ranked demon king was now hard-pressed to the point that it had to rely on pretending to be a dumbass in order to prove that it wouldn't be a public nuisance.

...

Wang Ling had never expected that through this method, for the third time in his life, he would be confronted with the existence that was like a shadow over him.

The culprit who had screwed up his grand plan for two hundred years' worth of crispy noodle snacks had appeared before his eyes once again, and for the sake of holding on to what little life it had left, it was actually pretending to be a pet, submitting itself to the whims of others.

He wanted to ask if this grand demon king still had any integrity left...

But seeing this wretched appearance, Wang Ling really didn't have the heart to attack it.

...

Even though all that remained of this fifth-ranked demon was its spirit, it was still a ferocious monster in the eyes of many.

But this Tuntian Ha was smart — with just one croak, its reputation was instantly wiped clean.

"It seems Student Wang Ling and the Tuntian Ha are fated to encounter each other..."

Thirty seconds after the Tuntian Ha had appeared, Teacher Pan was still bewildered.

She knew very well that with her current strength, it was unlikely that she would have been able to deal with this demon. But when it croaked, it completely set her mind at ease.

It turned out that it was just a wretched creature too weak to even utter a word!

...Then what the hell did she need to be frightened of!

"Don't worry, students, this demon is already too weak to fight back. I shall seal it."

Upon saying that, Teacher Pan used Immortal Guidance to swiftly seize the Tuntian Ha's remaining spirit with one hand, and the ghost of the skeleton dog with the other, as she prepared to fuse them together.

Wang Ling knew very well what the outcome would be when an imperial-ranked monster was chemically fused with a low-ranked creature.

The demon king's substantial spirit energy would help reconstruct the puppy's corporeal body and also conveniently provide it a physical body to inhabit.

This was a win-win solution; on the one hand, the Tuntian Ha's remaining spirit could be confined, and on the other, it could be seen to give the poor puppy that had been eaten after its death some closure.

Of course, the Tuntian Ha was aware what it meant to be fused with the ghost of the skeleton dog — its spirit energy would be massively reduced and it would completely become a dog...

Should I go along with your act of complete ignorance, or should I act like everyone's favorite toad?

In that moment, Wang Ling could almost hear the despair in the Tuntian Ha's heart.

Teacher Pan was indeed worthy of her reputation, as one of the vanguard teachers that had been at Number 60 High School for ages. With smooth and natural skill, almost without pause, she fused the two spirits together.

"Everyone, I have subdued the demon. How unexpected, though its spirit was already sealed, a small part of its soul had broken off. But it's alright now, it has been confined to a physical body, so it can only use a very small amount of spirit energy." Pleased, Teacher Pan said, "Everyone, just take it as our class mascot from now on."

In a halo burst of light, a brand new puppy with blue-green fur appeared in front of everyone.

"Ah, it's a Japanese akita!"

Sun Rong's maiden heart instantly overflowed.

"But this dog's color is strange, why is it green?"

"Probably because it was fused with the Tuntian Ha." Guo Hao pushed his glasses up, and sighed. "We judge everything by appearance in this day and age. If you're good-looking, who's going to care about the color of your hair?"

Chen Chao picked the akita up in delight, and squeezed its fat cheeks. "Shall we give him a name? How about... Er Ha 2 ?"

2(Er Ha is a homophone to the term used to describe huskies who have a reputation of being stupid and silly in Chinese contemporary culture.) Wang Ling: "..."

Er Ha: "..."

"Hey, why is it so quiet? You should woof woof woof , understand? You're a dog now, not a toad."

Er Ha: "..."

It looked silently at Wang Ling nearby, who had an indifferent look on his face.

Only now did Er Ha suddenly realize, the most miserable thing to ever happen to it wasn't encountering Wang Ling three times, but that though it was very angry, in front of Wang Ling, it had to keep smiling...





Chapter 9 Er Ha and Er Dan the parrot


In this world, nothing could surpass the most miserable way to be reincarnated, which was into the wrong body. The example of Heavenly Marshal Zhu Wuneng 1 served as a warning, and Comrade Er Ha was unlucky enough to follow in his footsteps. It was a self-aware demon king that had struggled to get away with the last remnant of its spirit, but in the end had somehow been summoned into the classroom, then somehow forcefully fused with another spirit, and from a toad was reborn as a dog.

1(Zhu Wuneng is more commonly known as Zhu Bajie or Pigsy, one of the major characters in the novel Journey to the West. He was banished to Earth to be reincarnated after he drunkenly tried to seduce the Goddess of the Moon, but because he accidentally fell into a pig well, he was reborn as a pig monster.) This could be said to simply be an epic miracle of cross-species reincarnation, and was one step away from making history.

After Er Ha had joined them, the atmosphere in class was clearly a lot lighter. It had already become the students' habit to rub its fat little cheeks after every class.

Most importantly, Wang Ling realized that since Er Ha's arrival, his own existence had suddenly diminished.

He was considerably satisfied with this.

Therefore, he gave Er Ha tacit consent to continue existing.

...

In the last few days, Guo Hao, whose family dealt in soul pets, had taken charge of specially training Er Ha to bark.

This was the so-called "take things as they come," or "when in Rome, do as the Romans do"... enthusiastically training a toad that had been transformed into a dog to bark was, no matter how you thought about it, truly mystifying.

It wasn't until now that Er Ha realized that it had boarded a pirate ship with no hope of turning back 2 .

2("To board a pirate ship" is to be cheated or dragged into an undesirable venture.) These future flowers of the motherland were bulldozing a toad into barking; this was too fucking brutal and inhuman.

And so, everyone watched how Guo Hao vigorously trained the dog.

The well-intentioned Guo Hao had used up almost all of his time after school to collect all kinds of videos of dogs barking to show Er Ha. But it only ever had a dispirited expression on its face as it lay listlessly on the ground, showing completely no ambition to strive for the peak of a dog's life after being reborn as one.

Then Guo Hao thought that perhaps he was using the wrong approach in his teaching.

After all, in its previous life, Er Ha had been a majestic, fifth-ranked demon king! To make a former demon king bark like a dog... if their positions were switched, Guo Hao knew he would also feel extremely ashamed.

And so, quick-witted Guo Hao came up with a brand new idea.

The next day, everyone saw him carry a poster into the classroom, then tack it to the back door.

Their jaws dropped. "Why do you have a Gods of Honor poster?"

With a proud grin, Guo Hao brought Er Ha over to the poster and pointed in one corner. "See that? The Heavenly Dog! The god of dogs! It's unlikely that it loses out to your demon king status, so from now on, this should be your goal!"

Er Ha: "..."

Everyone: "..."

In the end, instead of Guo Hao, it was Er Dan the parrot as well as a female classmate, Lin Xiaoyu, that made Er Ha abandon its dignity and learn to bark like a dog.

Lin Xiaoyu, who had caught Wang Ling's attention a week after the start of school, was the sixth person on his list of people around whom he had to be extra vigilant. He even felt that she was scarier than Teacher Pan — because she was a veteran fujoshi 3 . As long as someone or something was male, Xiaoyu could accurately determine whether it was a gong or a shou 4 .

3("Fujoshi" is the Japanese word for girls who are fans of romantic relationships between men (commonly known as boys' love or BL). In Chinese, the term literally translates into "rotten girl.") 4(Gong (seme) = attacker/top. Usually the dominant party in a relationship. Shou (uke) = receiver/bottom) This was most apparent when Guo Hao was coaching Er Ha; Lin Xiaoyu managed to turn Er Dan and Er Ha, two different species with two different physiologies, into a couple, and even identified the gong and the shou .

Most unexpectedly, Xiaoyu had actually assigned Er Ha, which looked like a very powerful gong , as a shou ...

Er Ha naturally strongly condemned and protested this.

As soon as class was over, Lin Xiaoyu started to play matchmaker against Er Ha's will. "Look, from back then until now, sayings like 'crowing like a cock and stealing like a dog,''chicken pieces and dog fragments,''imitate the dog and steal the chicken,''clay chickens and pottery dogs'... the chicken and the dog have been recognized as a couple since ancient times!"

Er Ha: "..." Screw chicken! This was clearly a fucking parrot!

Seeing her bullshit so seriously, Er Ha was so angry that it let out a "woof~"...

After all, when everything was said and done, it was still a dog. Even if its spirit prevented it from crying out, the body's muscle-memory wouldn't change.

Seeing how she had provoked Er Ha into finally barking, Lin Xiaoyu sneered a bit. "Heh, turns out it's a tsundere 5 shou ."

5("Tsundere" is a Japanese term to describe someone who appears cold and hostile on the outside, but is actually warm and kind inside.) Er Ha: "..."

...

At present, it had been a week since Wang Ling started school. A number of freak accidents had led to a deviation in his plan for his high school life. He had entered a class he shouldn't have entered, and met a bunch of dopes he shouldn't have met. Nevertheless, this could still be considered a tranquil environment.

At the very least, that feeling of being under the spotlight from the entrance test had diminished significantly, in the face of powerful brainwashing due to the new Er Ha and Er Dan couple.

But good times didn't last, and trouble was quick to arrive on his doorstep.

On Friday after school, Wang Ling sensed something unusual in the air.

He realized that someone was tailing him.

Turning to look in his peripheral vision, he immediately noted the direction which that hostile gaze was coming from.

This group of people were employing very advanced methods. They were using various high-end anti-tracking instruments, and had even resorted to various talisman formations to conceal their auras.

Unfortunately, even with these sneaky methods, they still couldn't escape Wang Ling's perception. His eyes were a million times more sensitive than the most powerful laser scanner in the world, and his ears like a sound monitor in the Earth's core. Along with his Mind-Reading Ability, he could instantly lock onto any individual on Earth whenever he wanted.

After all, with his current supreme realm, there was no one who could rival him at all.

...

"Young Master, the target has been sighted leaving the school gate." A man in black glasses and a black suit walked over to a black supercar, a limited edition model in Huaxiu nation, and bowed respectfully to the half-opened window.

"Keep following him to his home address, don't miss any clues." From the car window came a clear and cold voice.

"Yes, Young Master."

"But Young Master... just as I was reporting to you, news has come in from ahead that the target has disappeared..."

"Disappeared?!"

Motherfucker... was that person the Flash?

"Why is Young Master insistent that we look for this person?"

The teenager at the car window sighed, a "you don't understand" expression on his face. In looking for Wang Ling, he had already spent six long years devoted to his search. Since the year of the demon rampage, he had been making discreet enquiries about this young boy, and only this year had he finally made some progress.

"Why are you looking for this person?"

The teenager in the car explained reluctantly, "Because, he is my shifu 6 ."

6(Skilled Person/Teacher/Master) "What? Young Master's shifu ?"

The man in the suit and the old driver had the same astounded expressions on their faces.

If there was anyone around to see who was inside the car, they would definitely have been shocked.

Because this teenager wasn't just anybody; he was the current Deputy Director of the General Administration of 100 Cultivation Schools, and an alumnus of Number 60 High School, the world-renowned legend — Zhuo Yi.





Chapter 10 The Truth from Six Years Ago


Wang Ling perhaps already didn't remember the demon rampage six years ago too clearly, but it was still fresh in Zhuo Yi's mind.

...

The truth was that when cultivator support rushed to the coordinates of the Gate Between Worlds, the reported colossal, cyan-colored toad had already been defeated; there had been a bleeding hole in its white belly as its feet pointed up at the sky, and it was already dead.

This was a fifth-ranked demon, an all-powerful demon king among all demons!

Who the hell had done this?

The cultivators on the battlefield discussed this excitedly.

"Attention, fellow Taoists! I sense an unusual aura up ahead."

At that moment, someone suddenly made out a hazy silhouette within the smoke in front of them.

Another person swiftly cast a cleansing spell to dispel the smoke.

The spell cleared the smoke and dust away to reveal a ten-year-old child who was trembling (purely out of rage) as he stared at the Tuntian Ha in front of him.

"Tch, it's just a kid. Fellow Taoist, you're too nervous." A female cultivator with a motherly air embraced the trembling Wang Ling.

Ten-year-old Wang Ling was just too cute for anyone to resist.

"Good boy, there's no need to be afraid, big sister will protect you."

Wang Ling: "..."

Looking at the mad woman crushing him against her melon-sized boobs, Wang Ling didn't dare make any type of move. After his earlier outburst of spirit energy, he was still in an unstable state. Even the smallest movement of his fingers would blast her head into outer space.

"...Fellow Taoist Cailian, please let go of this shota 1 . Look, you're suffocating him."

1("Shota" is the Japannese word used to describe cute, young boys.) "Oops, so sorry about that."

The female cultivator called Cailian promptly released Wang Ling from her melons. "Kid, tell big sister, how did this demon die?"

...

Of course, there had been no way Wang Ling was going to admit that he was the one who had killed the toad.

At that time, he had just wanted to extricate himself from this troublesome situation as quickly as possible.

So, he had randomly pointed at a person.

And that person, who had emerged from the other side of the smoke with dust all over his face, happened to be Zhuo Yi.

Zhuo Yi remembered back then that he had just been passing by when the blast of a gravitational wave had knocked him down beneath a collapsing building.

After he had broken free of the rubble, for some reason, he had been recognized as the hero who had killed the demon king.

Burdened with a heap of undeserved honors and fame exaggerated by public opinion, all these years, Zhuo Yi had reflected on himself — no matter what, he had to stay true to his original will, and avoid being led astray by these empty halos.

At the same time, he had continued investigating secretly, and it was only last year that the truth of the matter had started to emerge in bits and pieces.

It was so incredibly vexing!

No matter what, he had to chase down this person!

And then, force this man to be his teacher!

...

Wang Ling had never expected that Zhuo Yi would actually investigate him.

It looked like Zhuo Yi's years of experience at the General Administration of 100 Schools had significantly hardened his wings 2 .

2("Hardened wings" in Chinese is used to describe someone who has become independent in the sense that they no longer obey or listen to advice from other people who might be more experienced.) In fact, Wang Ling hadn't left, but had performed the Great Vanishing Spell, which concealed his figure and aura. Taking up a position near Zhuo Yi's supercar, he used his Heavenly Eye to look at all of Zhuo Yi's memories.

With regard to what had happened six years ago, Wang Ling truly didn't remember it very clearly anymore.

But now it seemed that it had really become quite a prickly problem.

Also, Zhuo Yi's one-sided wish to apprentice himself to Wang Ling was a real pain in the ass.

He needed to find an opportunity to settle this sucky situation in a practical way once and for all, otherwise it would eventually turn into a disaster.

...

Early Saturday morning was typically as peaceful as Wang Ling had expected, but it was just the calm before the storm.

When he looked in the mirror that morning, he noticed his right eyelid twitching non-stop.

It would be too naïve to think that it was due to a lack of sleep.

When Wang Ling's eyelid twitched, it was an omen of coming disaster. Nothing good had ever happened when his eyelid twitched.

He recalled that six years ago before the demon rampage, his eyelid had twitched the whole night, but at the time he hadn't had any idea what it meant.

Fortunately, after washing up, his eyelid finally stopped its frenzied twitching.

He estimated that it had lasted for less than three minutes.

"Disaster level, two stars!"

This was Wang Ling's disaster-rating scale, based on how long his eyelid would twitch for.

Between zero to five minutes: disaster level was two stars.

From five minutes to one hour: disaster level of three stars.

From one hour to six hours: disaster level of four stars.

From seven to twenty-four hours: disaster level of five stars.

Over twenty-four hours: destruction of the planet.

Over forty-eight hours: annihilation of the universe.

...

However, it was still within Wang Ling's abilities to deal with a two-star disaster level.

He glanced at the monster pen and goblin eraser on the table. After he had magically transformed these two stationery items into these two gremlins yesterday, they had spent the whole night finishing off his weekend homework. Now they were drooping in his stationery pouch, fast asleep.

Everything felt right with the world today...

Wang Ling looked outside the window; the light of the sun illuminated the world, the breeze sighed through the willows, the Earth was still rotating on its axis, and the universe was still functioning. Never could he have expected the trouble he would encounter on such a peaceful weekend.

After changing out of his white rabbit pajamas, Wang Ling left his room. Mother Wang had already prepared breakfast — a runny fried egg and two black pepper sausages, as always.

"Son, come and eat." Mother Wang seemed to be in a very good mood today.

In an unprecedented move, Father Wang passed Wang Ling a black diamond fork without prompting. "Handle it with care, don't break it."

Wang Ling made an affirmative sound, and controlling his strength, he carefully pinched the fork with his fingers and raised it.

Father Wang gave him a cryptic look, and smiled crookedly. "Hurry up and eat, you have a date today, right?"

Date?

Wang Ling raised his head.

"If it's not a date, please explain to me, why is there a Maserati supercar downstairs?"

Stunned, Wang Ling went to the balcony, only to see Sun Rong waving at him from a distance, a smile as brilliant as a Vileplume's 3 grin on her face.

3(Vileplume is a poisonous flower Pokemon) "..."

Motherfucker... why did this person know where he lived?

Wang Ling felt that the disaster level this time had been tremendously understated.

When he returned to the dining table, Father Wang's face was brimming with rare joviality.

"Son, you don't have to explain, your father supports you."

"..."

Father Wang grinned. "The girl downstairs is so thoughtful, this morning she gave your mother a limited edition L'Oréal youth-retaining elixir. Look at how happy your mother is."

"..." So you were bribed by a youth-retaining elixir?

"If you don't come home tonight, be sure to stay safe."

Father Wang gave a small grin. "Stay safe... in every aspect."

Wang Ling: "..."

Right after that, Father Wang surreptitiously took out a box of condoms and pushed it toward Wang Ling, with a gratified "my son has grown up" expression on his face.

"..."

Crack.

Subconsciously, Wang Ling once again broke the black diamond fork in his hand.





Chapter 11: Date a Live


1("Date A Live" is a Japanese light novel science- fiction and comedy series about a male protagonist who has to seal the destructive power of mysterious female "Spirits" by making them fall in love with him and kiss him.) Nowadays, society was much more open-minded and advocated free love, so romance in high school was already a common phenomenon. But this was based on the premise that a romantic relationship still needed to be built in a "safe" situation.

Wang Ling was sure he would never cross the line; the problem was that he had never said he wanted to go on a date with Sun Rong!

So what the hell was this, chasing him all the way to his front door and showing up uninvited?

Disaster level, two stars ...

It was as if he had already seen what would happen if he turned down her invitation.

First of all, the news would spread like wildfire in Number 60 High School. When the time came, he would drown in spit with everyone spitting at him and he would become the object of universal condemnation. He hated being noticed, but this situation would get him noticed not just by the whole of Number 60 High School, but also by neighboring schools.

This was a thorny problem.

He looked at Mother Wang next to him.

Mother Wang didn't think it was bad that a girl had taken a fancy to Wang Ling. Since he was young, he had made very few friends. The fact that a girl liked him meant that her son had a particular charm. The most important thing was that this person was the Young Miss of Huaguo Water Curtain Group! She had actually shown up of her own accord, which made Mother Wang indescribably proud.

Wang Ling had so much to say, but couldn't refuse when his mother waved a hand at him. She had considered the situation and had finally made a decision. "Go out and stay safe. If you dare refuse, you will never see your precious crispy noodle snacks ever again!"

Wang Ling: "..." When women were in league with one another, they were always so dictatorial.

Looking at the big bottle of youth-retaining elixir in Mother Wang's hand, he felt that he had made a grave miscalculation. How could he have let Sun Rong seize the opportunity first?

In fact, regardless of whether he agreed to go on the date or not, he would attract the attention of the whole school plus neighboring schools anyway. The difference was that if he refused her invitation, he would meet an end worse than if he didn't refuse. He would become the target of bullying, and receive a lot of attention.

Whatever he chose, he would be noticed.

So whether he accepted the invitation or not was no longer the issue.

The real battle now was to ensure that the date happened as low-key as possible.

...

When Wang Ling got into the car, Sun Rong felt like she was dreaming.

Since the start of school, she had tried every method possible to approach Wang Ling, but this otherworldly boy had always shown a lack of interest in her. Now he was actually sitting in her car, which made her think it had really been worth it to call on him at his house!

...

When Wang Ling got into the car, he felt like he was dreaming.

If it wasn't a dream, then he must have been shot in the head to accept this invitation. A world limited edition Maserati sportscar with the words "Huaguo Water Curtain Group" emblazoned on the outside, and Sun Rong sitting next to him — the first impression he got was that Huaguo Water Curtain Group was declaring to the world that it had taken in a son-in-law.

Forget it. He was doing all this for his crispy noodle snacks!

This was what he thought.

In fact, now that he thought back on it, given Huaguo Water Curtain Group's powerful influence in Huaxiu nation, it wasn't difficult at all for Sun Rong to find out where he lived.

As Wang Ling watched the Wang family's small villa recede into the distance out of the corner of his eye, he wondered whether he should use the Great Star Relocation spell to move the villa somewhere else on the map when he returned home later.

"Classmate Wang Ling, I didn't think you would actually accept my invitation..."

Sun Rong smiled brilliantly, truly delighted. The dimples in her cheeks made her look very sweet.

Wang Ling flattened his lips silently. "..." Did he really have the power to refuse?

To his surprise, Sun Rong actually wasn't wearing makeup. But even when she was relying on her bare face alone, she still stood heads and shoulders above most girls their age. She truly was the standard for beauty. While he would admit that Sun Rong was indeed very beautiful, one-sidedly coming to his house looking to go on a date felt like she was forcing herself on him, which really made him feel uncomfortable.

"Then where should we go? Classmate Wang Ling, is there a place you would especially like to visit?"

Wang Ling shook his head.

Since this was the case, Sun Rong directly made the decision. "Master Lu, take us to the Xiao Family Compound."

"Yes, Miss."

The driver responded very politely.

The Xiao Family Compound was actually the name of a park opened by the Xiao clan which contained thousands of years' worth of cultivation history. The land had originally been the Xiao family's former residence, and had belonged to the Xiao family for one thousand years. However, in order to cater to a modern era, it was only a few years ago that the Xiao family had used spells to move their old mansion out to make way for the construction of a new park on the land.

It was worth mentioning that the Heavenly Flame Museum, well-known throughout Huaxiu nation, was also in the Xiao Family Compound.

More than one thousand years ago, the Xiao family had collected almost all of the Heavenly Flames in the world.

Nowadays, this park had already become a sacred dating ground for couples.

At midnight every night, there would be a fireworks party on the lake in the middle of the park. On a high platform, members of the Xiao clan would merge two or more Heavenly Flames together to create a fire lotus, which they would throw into the air for it to blossom.

...

Following Sun Rong's instructions, the driver stopped the car in a small corner of the park, then got out to open the door for Wang Ling first, then for Sun Rong. Lastly, he handed her a black card.

This was the Huaguo Water Curtain Group's shareholder card; whoever held it would receive exceptional VIP treatment.

Wang Ling hadn't expected that Huaguo Water Curtain Group would have a share in a newly-built park like the Xiao Family Compound, which was just scary.

With such a card, there was no place in the world that Sun Rong couldn't visit.

But compared with the aristocratic treatment the shareholder card entitled them to, Wang Ling was more concerned about whether the card would get him crispy noodle snacks from the snack kiosk.

That's right. He was truly a person without any ambition...

...

The Xiao Family Compound was very large. The size of the land that the Xiao clan had owned for a thousand years had continued to expand during the three great eras of the cultivation world.

Construction had been first completed during the Great Battle Qi era, which was when the Xiao clan had played a leading role in the world.

As the wheel of time continued to turn, cracks appeared in the chaos zone, draining the world of battle qi and leading to the early arrival of the Spirit Energy era, which was when the Xiao clan declined.

The current era which Wang Ling lived in was also Huaxiu nation's third phase in the Spirit Energy era — the Spirit Energy Information era, also known as the Scientific Cultivation era.

The Xiao clan, which had experienced all the changes of these three ages, was undoubtedly the grand old man of the eras.

Even if the Xiao clan had declined at the beginning of the Spirit Energy era, thanks to their cultivation genius, the clan was able to gradually transform themselves and to move forward and persist in the Spirit Information era. The Xiao clan was still in the top ten of the current powers in Huaxiu nation. Though it was no longer a ruling power as before, it was still a well-established heavyweight.

The only pity was that the Heavenly Flames which the Xiao clan had collected from all over the world had lost their formidable power, on par with a nuclear explosion, due to the disappearance of battle qi.

Apart from being fused together to be released as fireworks at the stroke of midnight, the Heavenly Flames no longer seemed to have any damn use.

And so, relying on this marvelous performance of the Heavenly Flames, the Xiao clan transformed from an ancient and noble cultivation family into a modern entertainment enterprise...





Chapter 12 The Xiao Family Compound's Sightseeing Spots


Wang Ling roughly calculated that the size of the Xiao Family Compound was about one thousand times the size of the Wang family's small villa. That was probably equivalent to around one billion packets of crispy noodle snacks spread over the ground.

After construction of the park had been completed several years ago, he had always wanted to come and take a look at the place, but the expensive ticket had always kept him away.

In contrast, he preferred to spend the same amount of money on crispy noodle snacks.

While this unexpected date really hadn't been his idea, he thought it was fine to go out and relax occasionally.

There were a few sightseeing spots in the Xiao Family Compound, most of which had come about in the Great Battle Qi era. At that time, the Xiao family had sacrificed a lot to transfer these old buildings into the Xiao Family Compound, and today, these buildings were world-renowned sightseeing spots.

The park guide which the Xiao Family Compound had arranged for Sun Rong and Wang Ling led them through a green passage set up exclusively for distinguished holders of the shareholder card. This was a relief to Wang Ling, who wasn't used to being so exposed in public.

The only awkward thing was that both of them were silent as they walked, which made Sun Rong feel a little helpless.

The female guide leading them had been professionally trained by the Xiao clan, and knew the layout of the park inside out.

When they reached an intersection, the girl stopped and smiled at Wang Ling and Sun Rong as she said, "Esteemed Mr Wang and Miss Sun, this intersection leads in different directions to three scenic spots: Cosmic Cave, Treasure Cliff and the Stone of Inner Demons. Which one would the both of you like to visit first?"

Wang Ling knew himself very well, and kept silent, quietly waiting for Sun Rong to make a decision.

And it seemed that Sun Rong had finally completely accepted the fact that Wang Ling was a person of few words. She knew there was still a long way for her to go in influencing this piece of wood, but at least she had been able to drag him to the park today. Wasn't this the first crucial step on the path to revolution?

There were three sightseeing spots: Cosmic Cave, Treasure Cliff and the Stone of Inner Demons.

Sun Rong had heard of all three of them, but she hadn't visited any, and didn't know what they were about.

Before coming to the Xiao Family Compound, Sun Rong had done some research online, but had only looked at Internet reviews and comments. Cosmic Cave was a tremendous hit, and was popular with guys.

"It wasn't easy to invite Classmate Wang Ling out this time, so I have to try my best!"

In the end, it was about catering to Wang Ling, so Sun Rong quickly made the decision. "Then let's go to Cosmic Cave first!"

"Very well, Miss Sun Rong."

The female guide nodded.

Wang Ling and Sun Rong then got on a bus arranged for them at the intersection, and they traveled straight through the green passage to the entrance of the scenic spot.

When the bus stopped by the side of a stone tablet inscribed with the words "Cosmic Cave," Sun Rong asked doubtfully, "Why isn't there anyone here?"

The female guide smiled. "Initially, Cosmic Cave was closed today for maintenance. But Miss Sun holds a shareholder card, so special exceptions can be made."

"I see!" Sun Rong nodded.

Following the guide, they walked for not more than fifty meters to reach the mouth of Cosmic Cave.

Wang Ling stared left and right at the mouth of the cave as a cool wind whistled past him from time to time. The spirit energy here was so thin that it was almost negligible, and it was now a very ordinary cave formation.

During the Great Battle Qi era, the stone walls of the cave had been eroded unevenly by the wind. Apart from its age, he couldn't see anything special about it.

A common cave like this could actually become a national place of interest. Either the Huaxiu National Tourism Bureau was blind, or there had to be some inside story to it...

The female guide smiled slightly. "Let me explain the legend of Cosmic Cave to Miss Sun and Mr Wang."

Wang Ling and Sun Rong both nodded, all ears.

"In the first two eras of the cultivation world, which we also know as the Great Battle Qi era and the second phase of the Spirit Energy era, the world was still very chaotic, with the human, demon and monster races all mixed together as one. It wasn't until the Spirit Energy Information era that the human race opened the Gate Between Worlds and drove out the demons and the monsters. Before that, many cultivators had been wounded in the fighting, and they hid in Cosmic Cave."

The female guide explained very seriously, "In the Great Battle Qi era, there was a panacea called Cosmic Grass which could be found in Cosmic Cave. This panacea was wonderful for healing wounds, but it was also a... sexual stimulant. Unaware of this, quite a number of female cultivators ate the Cosmic Grass, leading to the accumulation of blood from intercourse in the cave. Therefore, Cosmic Cave is also called Blood Cave, or Matchmaking Cave, since it brought together countless pairs of cultivators through various kinds of coincidences."

In an instant, Sun Rong's face turned red. "..."

So this was the main reason why Cosmic Cave had gotten so many positive reviews? This was too damn ridiculous!

The guide had been specially groomed by the Xiao clan to be of service to dignitaries. The fact that she was able to explain such a legend so solemnly was undoubtedly because she had done so hundreds of times. Even Wang Ling was stunned — he had thought it would be a pretty serious story, but who would have thought the tone would change so quickly...

Of course, Cosmic Cave wasn't the only oddity in the Xiao Family Compound.

Afterwards, Wang Ling and Sun Rong visited Treasure Cliff, the Stone of Inner Demons, and the very famous ancient auction house. These were all classic relics of cultivation that had been preserved for thousands of years, along with the shameful history of past generations of cultivators.

Legend had it that people who jumped down from Treasure Cliff would without fail obtain ancient hidden treasures. But according to modern scientific research, the old cultivators who claimed that they had obtained these treasures had actually been suffering severe schizophrenia.

The Stone of Inner Demons was where ancient cultivators took an oath on their inner demons. Once they swore the oath, they could never ever violate it, no matter what happened. But in the Spirit Energy Information era, the existence of inner demons was completely refuted as an extremely unreliable cultivation superstition.

During the Great Battle Qi era and Spirit Energy era, almost all the powerful cultivators in history had had world-shaking experiences at the auction house. If they didn't splurge hundreds of billions of yuan there, they would be too embarrassed to say that they were patriarchs of that era. Nevertheless, according to current historical research, auction numbers had actually been exaggerated, and were nowhere as excessive as stated in legend.

Something else worth mentioning was that the widely spread belief in ancient texts that one could be promoted to the Foundation Establishment stage by consuming a Foundation Establishment elixir was utter nonsense. This was like a laopo bing with no laopo , pork meatballs with no pork, or fuqi feipian with nofuqi 1 .

1(Dishes laopo bing is wife cake and fuqi feipian is husbad and wife lung pieces) They had gone through the entire Xiao Family Compound.

Wang Ling and Sun Rong both had mixed feelings as they finally understood something about these damn scenic spots in the compound.

What they had seen today wasn't purely just scenery...

It was actually the whole of Huaxiu nation's shame on the thousand-year-old path of cultivation.





Chapter 13 Two Slain by "Angry Buddha Fire Lotus"


The date was actually progressing far more smoothly than Wang Ling had imagined.

Generally speaking, he was fairly satisfied with it. All that was left for him to do was to wait for the fireworks display, and then he could go home. He could then be considered to have accomplished this mission with flying colors.

Sun Rong's thoughts were the complete opposite to Wang Ling's...

This date was even more insipid than she had expected... god! It hadn't been easy for her to go on a date with Classmate Wang Ling! She wasn't going to give up now!

The maiden blinked her beautiful eyes at Wang Ling, and in her heart thought pensively... after the fireworks, should we do... something else?

Like find an isolated, dark spot, two people face to face...

Have a chat or something...

At midnight, a lot of couples gathered at the central fountain of the Xiao Family Compound for the fireworks display.

Cuddling, hugging, wrapped around each other, sitting together on giant flying swords to show off their affection... they took up all kinds of positions to watch the fireworks.

Wang Ling and Sun Rong picked a relatively secluded place to sit down, and waited obediently for the fireworks to start.

Once again, the situation turned awkward.

Human beings were strange creatures. They were that close, but it was so hard to take that last step.

Sun Rong felt very awkward. It had not been easy planning this date, but at this moment she felt like an idiot, and she swallowed the words that she had wanted to say earlier.

Wang Ling also had the same feeling as Sun Rong. His typical way of handling such a situation was to erase the other party's memory, and with this, eliminate their affection for him, so that he could continue living under the radar... the Young Miss of Huaguo Water Curtain Group, a Fortune 500 enterprise, was just too striking for Wang Ling, who was used to a low-key existence.

Staring at the night sky, he was thinking that he needed to find an opportunity to cast the spell, when his right eyelid twitched fiercely.

Wang Ling's heart skipped a beat. A disaster warning? Why would there be a disaster warning at this time?

Whatever the case, because of his twitching eyelid, Wang Ling was instantly on guard!

At that very moment, the fireworks display officially started.

Standing on a high platform, Xiao clansmen fused two clusters of brightly-colored, natural fire together, slowly transforming them into a fire lotus which flew up into the air...

The fire lotus rose slowly like a sky lantern, and the petals of the lotus gradually unfolded in seven colors.

Peng !

Gorgeous rays of light condensed together into a ball, as if pulling in starlight. Then it exploded in the air, and shades of beautiful purples and brilliant reds instantly painted the night sky.

Almost everyone was indulging in the view.

All of a sudden, Wang Ling saw in his peripheral vision two men in black approaching them rapidly.

His instinct told him that they were coming for Sun Rong.

Sun Rong did not sense the two men coming up swiftly behind them at all.

By the time she sensed a sharp coldness against her back, it was already too late.

One of the men in black stretched out a hand to restrain her by the shoulder, while the other quickly pushed a cold gun muzzle against Wang Ling's back.

"Who are you? What do you want?" Sun Rong was a little startled, but overall she was a lot calmer than Wang Ling had expected.

He leisurely raised one eyebrow. After all, Sun Rong was the future successor nurtured by Huaguo Water Curtain Group. In a critical situation, she didn't lose her composure.

One of the men in black growled, "We don't want to hurt Miss Sun Rong and her... boyfriend? But I hope Miss Sun Rong will not resist, and will come with us quietly, otherwise I can't guarantee that this gun won't go off."

Cold sweat dripped down Sun Rong's forehead.

She understood very clearly that the gun was loaded with enhanced spirit energy bullets, which could easily pierce the bodies of cultivators at the Foundation Establishment stage. Sun Rong had received professional training and guidance from the Group, and knew how to respond in such an emergency situation.

She gritted her teeth. "He's just my classmate, not my boyfriend! Whatever you want, you can go through me. It's fine if I go with you, right? Please let Classmate Wang go."

Through the strength in their hands, Sun Rong could tell that these two men were masters at the Golden Core stage, and were very likely top-class assassins. There was almost no chance of being able to escape from them.

"Are you from Shadow Stream?"

Almost at first glance, Sun Rong had recognized the badge on the men's black clothes.

Shadow Stream was a notorious assassin organization in Huaxiu nation which received abduction and assassination requests all year round. They were well-known in the industry for their professional integrity, and wouldn't reveal their clients' names even at the risk of their lives. Those who could afford to hire Shadow Stream to deal with them, at the very least, wouldn't be any less powerful than Huaguo Water Curtain Group!

Huaguo Water Curtain Group had made enemies in the country and abroad — who was it who wanted to harm her? But now wasn't the right time to think about this.

Sun Rong felt that the best plan right now was to decrease the number of hostages first before thinking of a way to inform someone on the outside.

Meanwhile, Wang Ling was reading Sun Rong's mind...

Indeed, this was a normal response to an emergency,

But the two cunning men in black appeared well-prepared.

One man took out a black pill from his pants pocket. "This is a fast-working sleeping pill that will cause you to fall asleep quickly after swallowing it. If your classmate eats this, we will let him go." This was to prevent Wang Ling from alerting people of the situation immediately.

With so many people around, to be frank, Wang Ling didn't want to lift a hand against the men. The least eye-catching solution would be to swallow their black pill and fake sleep, then like what Sun Rong had considered, let Huaguo Water Curtain Group know what had happened.

...Not a bad idea. I can seize this opportunity to end this boring game of playing house, Wang Ling thought.

But just as he stretched out his hand to take the pill, he clearly heard what Sun Rong was thinking in her heart at that moment: Good, as long as Classmate Wang is safe... as, as long as he can escape!

"..."

At this moment, Wang Ling was stunned, his eyes wide open.

The air turned deathly still. In the middle of a chaotic fireworks display, he lowered his head. His five senses were magnified boundlessly, and he could clearly hear Sun Rong's frightened breaths.

Even if she had been trained by the Group, in the end, she was still just a delicate girl...

"..."

Wang Ling's face darkened with anger, and he didn't utter a single word.

Then.

As the two men in black watched, Wang Ling pinched the pill and turned it into dust.

Motherfucker! The men's faces contorted with rage; was he flagrantly provoking them? This fucking sixteen-year-old high school student! Did he think he was a Nascent Soul or Soul Formation cultivator?

Wang Ling got to his feet as he gave them a grim look.

Just as they were about to pull the trigger, Wang Ling moved at the same time. Like electric snakes, his hands moved so swiftly that none of them could follow his movements, and he instantly seized the gun.

The quality wasn't bad... thought Wang Ling, his expression indifferent as if he was playing around with a kids' toy.

Relying on this trash to pierce his godly body was really too naïve.

"You..."

The two Shadow Stream assassins were too slow to react.

A ringing crack filled their ears!

Stunned, their pupils constricted sharply!

They sweated profusely at the scene in front of their eyes!

Wang Ling had actually directly smashed the gun to pieces in his hand!

Picked up by the light wind, the pieces were reduced to powder which drifted off in the air...

"What the hell..." The two men in black stared wide-eyed. That gun had been made out of fucking Ninth Heaven black iron!

Sun Rong was also dumbstruck, not understanding what on earth was happening. Classmate Wang Ling was only at the Foundation Establishment stage... how could he be so powerful?

"Your Excellency, who are you?" The faces of the two Shadow Stream assassins betrayed their terror.

They tried to escape, but an immense spiritual pressure held them immobile and completely unable to move!

Leisurely brushing dust off his pants, Wang Ling raised his head and looked quietly at them.

It was an ordinary expression, yet the two assassins shuddered uncontrollably.

"Who... who the hell are you?"

The aura which emanated from this sixteen-year-old high school student was ten million times more powerful than that of any person whom they had ever assassinated in their lives.

It was as if they were looking at an archdemon ten thousand feet tall. The sense of death suddenly gripped their throats.

Without saying a word, Wang Ling grabbed their heads with each hand.

After all, even if they died, they wouldn't reveal who their client was.

"...What do you want?"

"Nothing, I'm just sending you to heaven," Wang Ling responded in their minds. He lifted them in each hand as if he was lifting two chickens.

Imitating the posture of the Xiao clansmen on the high platform, in the blink of an eye, Wang Ling reduced them to elemental particles, then slowly rolled them into a tiny ball. With a burst of energy, he turned the ball into light, and sent it up into the beautiful night sky...

Peng !

A moment later, this "Angry Buddha Fire Lotus" exploded in the sky alongside the magnificent fireworks.

Beautiful sparks which dazzled the eye scattered in all directions, then gradually drifted downward, turning into star dust that finally vanished in the air.

Wang Ling quietly watched the fireworks fade, and clapped his hands free of dust. It looked like the true, full use of the legendary lost skill of the Xiao clan, the "Angry Buddha Fire Lotus," wasn't as difficult to pull off as he had imagined.

...

When he had tossed the ball of light into the air, Wang Ling had extracted the assassins' memories in passing. Later that night, he created an image of the information and sent it anonymously to Huaguo Water Curtain Group.

And then, Wang Ling used up his entire weekend removing all effects of the incident that were related to him.





Chapter 14 Unreliable Lies and Slander


For Wang Ling, replacing memories was a more reliable method of removing the effects of an incident. Technically speaking, compared with erasing memories, it was a better method for hiding his nature.

Erasing memories would leave gaps in the mind, while replacing memories wouldn't leave a person feeling that they had forgotten something, and also had no impact on the body and mind.

Unfortunately, Wang Ling couldn't choose which specific memory he wanted replaced. Afterward, even Sun Rong couldn't accurately describe the ins and outs of the matter.

She had already completely forgotten that he had been the one to rescue her, not to mention that spectacular "Angry Buddha Fire Lotus"... instead, her mind and the memory replacement spell together had created a story of someone exceptionally powerful and righteous rescuing her.

However, she herself couldn't really say anything about the hero who had saved her and Wang Ling.

And so, at the start of the second week of school, Wang Ling heard all kinds of gossip and rumors flying around the class in the morning.

Su Xiao: "I heard that Classmate Wang Ling and Classmate Sun Rong bumped into two scoundrels when they were on a date!"

Chen Chao: "I heard that Classmate Wang Ling and Classmate Sun Rong hooked up, bumped into two scoundrels, and in the end were finally rescued by an exceptionally powerful and righteous person..."

Guo Hao: "I heard that when Classmate Wang Ling and Classmate Sun Rong were on their date, they observed a cannon together with an exceptionally powerful person..."

Er Dan: "I heard that when Classmate Wang Ling and Classmate Sun Rong were on their date, two scoundrels came for them, and were sent flying into the sky by an exceptionally powerful person using a cannon."

Lin Xiaoyu: "I heard that when Classmate Wang Ling and Classmate Sun Rong were on their date, they encountered two scoundrels, who were sent flying by Classmate Wang Ling's super close guy friend, an exceptionally powerful master..."

Wang Ling: "You guys, enough!"

And just like that, this "exceptionally powerful person" became an unsolved mystery to this batch of students...

...

Speaking of gossip, one person had to be mentioned — theory of history teacher, Teacher Wang Zukang. For years on end, he had consistently been given the title of Most Popular Teacher at Number 60 High School. The students all thought very highly of this Lao Gudong's teaching style.

Teacher Wang Zukang was nicknamed Lao Gudong because he knew a lot of gossip about the history of cultivation, which was massively different to the serious content recorded in textbooks.

The students found things that they didn't know novel, and they were also curious about gossip. Compared with the monotony of historical textbook knowledge, the students in Lao Gudong's class were more keen to listen to historical gossip that no one else knew.

So as time went by, Lao Gudong also obtained another nickname — Immortal Teacher of Gossip.

For students, this gossip about cultivation history was the real point for assessment!

Also, what Lao Gudong liked to do most in his class was gossip idly from time to time to boost the atmosphere in class.

Thus in his class, the atmosphere was always so lively that no one ever felt sleepy. Even if there were one or two students who couldn't help nodding off, they would eventually be woken up by the laughter around them.

The only unfortunate thing was that there was only one history of theory class each week.

As a result, even students in the ordinary and remedial classes deeply cherished the theory of history class. When it came to Lao Gudong's class in particular, even before the first bell rang, all the students would already be in their seats, waiting quietly for a heavyset fatty to stomp into the classroom.

"Previously, we started looking at 'Reruns and the Evolution of Ancient TV Shows in Huaxiu Nation,' so let's continue with that. Students who haven't had breakfast can sneak their bread out when I'm not watching. But if I see it, your bread is mine, since I also haven't had breakfast yet."

Hearing that Lao Gudong hadn't even had breakfast for the sake of coming to class, the students were deeply moved, and hurriedly offered him snacks from the stash in their desks.

"Are you trying to make me break the rules? This is a matter of integrity! How can a teacher eat when he's teaching?"

Lao Gudong said this seriously, but his hands still stretched out to accept a few packs of latiao 1 from the students in the front row. He yelled, "Just this once; it would be disrespectful for me to decline!"

1(Latiao is a Chinese snack, made from wheat flour and chili pepper.)

This was a typical case of one's acts belying one's words.

Chewing on latiao while gossiping in class — just the thought of it was scandalous!

"About the last class, does anyone have any questions?" Lao Gudong leaned on the dais with a latiao in one hand; holding it as if he was about to smoke a cigarette, he started to chew on it.

Someone raised a hand. "Teacher, the last class ended in too much of a rush, some of us are still not clear about the key points you highlighted."

"Alright, I see. Then let's do a quick review. Everyone turn to page ten of your book. This has to do with the reruns of Princess Pearl and Journey to the West . Everyone take note that these are the key points for this unit.

"Page eleven, this has to do with the evolution of romance in the media, from neverending portrayals of abortions to the ban on kissing scenes...

"Page twelve, this has to do with the evolution of fantasy TV shows, from immortal swords to shamate 2 ...

2(Chinese loanword, coming from "Smart" used to describe low education urban migrants.)

"Page thirteen, this has to do with harem TV shows, on imperial intrigue among concubines and infertility in the family...

"Page fourteen, this has to do with the way trends in military TV shows have changed, from the spirit of the Yidali Cannon 3 in the series Drawing Swords , to tearing enemies apart with bare hands on the battlefield.

3(The Yidali cannon was used by the main actor in battle in the Chinese TV series "Drawing Swords." The name is a pun on the fact that it was an Italian-manufactured cannon.) "The above are the important points to know in this unit chapter. Everyone be sure to take notes properly."

By the time he said this, Lao Gudong had already polished off a bag of latiao . He took out a tissue which he had already prepared to wipe the oil from his fingers, and then continued, "Now let's begin with the story of Princess Pearl ."

Before Lao Gudong's marvelous lecture officially began, the students below the dais had already immediately started to praise and applaud him.

"Brilliant! Almighty Brother Kang!"

"Long live Lao Gudong!"

"Uh-huh!"

Lao Gudong coughed lightly, and immediately there wasn't a sound to be heard in Grade One, Class Three, except for his voice.

"I'm sure some of you have watched the classic TV version of Princess Pearlbefore, but as a fan of the original work, I prefer to study the story itself. Our school library has the original work, so students who are interested can read and enjoy the charm of the original for themselves. As everyone knows, toward the end of the Battle Qi era, cracks in the chaos zone drained the world of all its battle qi, leading cultivators to begin developing spirit energy as a second source of energy. But research showed that unless the cracks in the chaos zone were fixed, the world's spirit energy would sooner or later also drain away. It was at this time that an important princess showed up!"

Lao Gudong's eyes flashed as he said this.

"Let's first talk about this princess' background. Lowborn, and even disabled, she was completely unable to establish herself in the Battle Qi era. But because of her tenacious and unyielding will, and her insistence on upholding the core values of cultivation from beginning to end, this princess was finally able to rise to the top of the world. At that time, the only way to seal the cracks was to find the ten chaos pearls that had been left behind in the world. Finally, this princess managed to collect the ten pearls and seal the cracks... consequently, her story was made into a TV show, giving rise to Princess Pearl. Alright, that's it about Princess Pearl ..."

As Lao Gudong finished, thunderous applause broke out beneath the dais for this outstanding and encouraging theory of history class lecture.

This princess had actually collected the ten chaos pearls scattered all over the continent through her own efforts! What a top female cultivator!

The students' moods had been lifted by the lecture, and everyone was profuse in their praise.





Chapter 15 Lao Gudong's Time for Gossip


"Reruns and the Evolution of Ancient Television Shows in Huaxiu Nation" was not an easy topic to cover. Take the TV show Princess Pearl , for example; at first glance, it was an inspirational cultivation show about the triumph of the underdog. But it involved a lot of era-specific culture, as well as dates that needed to be properly memorized, and the students would definitely be tested on these in the next monthly history exam.

Although they didn't have many classes for history, it was a compulsory course. If they failed the history class more than twice, they would have difficulty even obtaining their graduation certificate.

For this reason, even elite students like Sun Rong and Chen Chao were working very hard outside class hours.

Wang Ling, however, was different. Born with a photographic memory, he knew almost everything about Huaxiu nation's five-thousand-year-old history. In spite of that, he was still very willing to pay attention in Lao Gudong's class, since listening to the occasional gossip could be good for the mind and body.

The contrived and melodramatic plots of ancient TV shows were so terrible that they defied all reason; in Lao Gudong's own words, even if he finished using all the vulgar words to be found in the dictionary, they still wouldn't be enough to convey his despair.

When he was talking about something that frustrated him, Lao Gudong turned into a complete chatterbox, as unstoppable as endless, torrential waters.

"Of course, it can't be denied that among these ancient TV shows, there are still some fairly outstanding works, such as the mega military show Yidali Cannon , and The Xiao Family Compound , which describes how a family clan develops and changes with the times ... "

When Lao Gudong said this, a number of people below the dais gave knowing smiles; they knew that Lao Gudong's time for gossip was about to begin.

"...I heard that recently, two students in this class were ambushed by organization assassins when they visited the park?"

Speaking about the Xiao Family Compound, there was no one in these last two days who didn't know that Wang Ling and Sun Rong had encountered Shadow Stream assassins when they had visited the park.

The fact that Sun Rong, the Young Miss of Huaguo Water Curtain Group, had almost been kidnapped by Shadow Stream was naturally an issue of extreme concern for the higher-ups at Number 60 High School.

Almost the instant after Sun Rong had encountered this assassination attempt, Headmaster Chen had called for an emergency meeting. Patrols on school grounds and in the corridors were increased, and teachers spontaneously teamed up in groups of two to three to prevent assassins dispatched by Shadow Stream from making another attempt on Sun Rong.

Outside the school, Huaguo Water Curtain Group had also specially employed round-the-clock bodyguards, who removed any suspicious people that might be lurking outside the school gate.

Shadow Stream's first mission had failed, but since the assassins had already received orders from the top, their modus operandi was to try every means of achieving their aim.

To safeguard their students, the teachers of Number 60 High School had run themselves ragged these last two days.

As a master of gossip who had been at the forefront of teaching for years, Lao Gudong's ability to dig up gossip was inconceivable, and was something Guo Hao could only hope to match.

"This Shadow Stream organization is very mysterious, and the assassins they send out are known internationally for their incredibly high levels of professionalism. Huaxiu nation has never been able to properly curb their movements..."

Lao Gudong smiled slightly; the time for gossip was about to start.

"But as far as I know, the person pulling the strings behind the scenes is in fact in our country. Our school's legendary graduate Zhuo Yi previously put forward a proposal to suppress Shadow Stream's strength at the year-end general assembly of the General Administration of 100 Schools. After it was approved, the General Administration sent out a call, and gathered more than a hundred powerful Golden Core cultivators..."

Everyone was entranced. Chen Chao couldn't help asking, "In the end, what happened?"

"Of course, they failed." Lao Gudong sighed, and shook his head with some regret.

"Everyone at that time had the same objective — to catch bandits, catch their ringleader first. After Operation Decapitation was given the go-ahead, more than a hundred cultivators on all types of flying swords swiftly advanced from all directions, completely surrounding the apartment that the leader of Shadow Stream was in. It was a real shame that in the end, that person was still able to escape! It was truly not because the cultivators weren't valiant enough, but that the enemy was too cunning!"

The students were in uproar; they had never thought that the General Administration of 100 Schools would actually plan such a tremendous and heroic undertaking.

Lao Gudong was worthy of his name — he was a history teacher with a profound understanding of literature. After a simple explanation of the ins and outs of Operation Decapitation, he concentrated on the key points of the story. Along with a few simple illusions and superb storytelling skills, he painted a perfect picture of the operation. Like watching a well-produced film, the audience felt as if they were part of the scene.

Sometimes Lao Gudong would picture bloody scenes that made some of the female students scream with fear again and again.

At the end of the story, Lao Gudong let out another long sigh. "Though Operation Decapitation failed in the end, it hadn't been a completely meaningless operation. Huaxiu nation's Anti-Terrorism Division was at least finally able to determine the gender of Shadow Stream's leader."

Chen Chao teased, "The gender of Shadow Stream's leader? Don't tell me it's a big brother with a chest full of fur?"

Lin Xiaoyu immediately retorted, "It's definitely a repressed, short-tempered gangster shou !"

Guo Hao pushed up his glasses. "It's possible that the great assassin behind the scenes is a dog-lover."

In the end, it was Lao Gudong who personally revealed the answer. "At that time, a group of cultivators raided the apartment only to discover that the leader had fled. It was very likely that the person had escaped in disguise among the cultivators who had taken part in Operation Decapitation, since Shadow Stream's leader is very good at transfiguration."

"Then how did they figure out the real gender of Shadow Stream's leader?"

"Mm, the main thing was that at the apartment which Shadow Stream's leader had been staying in, they discovered a recently opened pack of makeup. On the bed there was also a pair of bikini bottoms as well as a 36D... cough cough ! Male students, you can picture it for yourselves. We're supposed to be serious in class, so unrelated, two-bit topics are not allowed!"

As he ended the class, Lao Gudong waved and left to the sound of the students' warm cheers.

The gender of Shadow Stream's leader had initially always been a topic of controversy outside. But after hearing Lao Gudong's gossip, it spread like wildfire throughout Number 60 High School that very day. Number 60 High School's UC 1 tabloid department took the lead and posted a tweet on the school's public media platform — Shock! The boss behind the overseas assassin organization Shadow Stream is a lady with 36D boobs!

1(UC is a web browser that is notorious for promoting clickbait articles.) In a few short hours, headlines such as Almighty Gossip and so on had gone viral on leading network platforms.

After that, completely unexpected trouble showed up...

That afternoon, Number 60 High School's guard room received a letter of challenge from Shadow Stream.





Chapter 16 There Is a Rip-Roaring Wind Today


In the Headmaster's Office, Headmaster Chen clasped his hands together and rested his head on them as he stared at the letter of challenge on his desk. "Has the situation been clearly investigated?"

"Yes, Headmaster Chen. Shadow Stream's seal is very unique. After it was appraised by the cultivation police department, they confirmed that it was Shadow Stream who sent this letter of challenge." Director Shi frowned. To be honest, she also had never imagined that Shadow Stream would grandly throw down the gauntlet against a high school, and threaten to complete the plan of assassinating Student Sun Rong inside the school as revenge for the matter in the Xiao Family Compound that day.

"It appears that the situation has become more troublesome." Headmaster Chen lit a cigarette and took a short puff.

"If Shadow Stream sends enough strong experts, it will be very difficult for us to curb their movements with our current faculty's strength... Student Sun Rong is in great danger."

"So, what do the higher-ups mean to do now?"

"They want us to first let Student Sun Rong take leave from school for her protection, and then apply to the General Administration of 100 Schools to comprehensively upgrade the school's security measures in the short term."

"Director Shi, do you know how long it is to the next 100 Schools council?"

"It's about a month away..."

"There are altogether twelve districts and thirty-six regular senior high schools in Songhai city. Currently, we are the third of the three main regular high schools in Peiyuan district."

Director Shi: "..." It was already a completely normal state of affairs for Number 60 High School to be at the bottom of everything.

Headmaster Chen sighed. "If we accept what the higher-ups are suggesting, it's the same as saying that our school leaders are incapable. And if those two geezers at Number 58 High School and Number 59 High School want to stir up trouble, they'll use this matter to kick up a big fuss, and we'll be further and further away from becoming a key city senior high school..."

"So... what do you mean, Lord Headmaster?"

"Our overall faculty may not be strong, but! We still have one powerful comrade!" Headmaster Chen thought for a while, then stubbed out the cigarette. "I don't care what kind of measures Huaguo Water Curtain Group and the cultivation police will take to protect Student Sun Rong when she is outside the school. But we have to take full responsibility for security measures inside the school, and we must make sure she is perfectly safe."

"Then... what should we do now?"

"Reject the higher-ups' suggestion that she should take leave from school, and have Student Sun Rong brought to the independent classroom; it'll be enough to have that person stay to protect her. Tell the higher-ups that if Student Sun Rong loses even a single strand of hair, they can have my head!"

Headmaster Chen said with a wintry smile, "Shadow Stream is nothing more than a bunch of second-rate, back-alley hoodlums. If they dare come, we'll fuck them over!"

Director Shi broke out in a cold sweat. "..." Of course, she knew which teacher Headmaster Chen was talking about... but she thought it was too much like using a sledgehammer to crack a nut if they really sent that person to protect Sun Rong personally.

...

Not long after Shadow Stream threw down that assassination gauntlet, Number 60 High School immediately took steps to fully protect Student Sun Rong, and directly moved her desk to the Teacher's Office.

Sun Rong was naturally very reluctant to do so, because then she wouldn't be able to see Wang Ling anymore.

But Sun Rong was unable to withstand the pressure from the school and Huaguo Water Curtain Group, and finally she had to concede.

After that very unpleasant date in the Xiao Family Compound, Wang Ling had thought that replacing Sun Rong's memories would effectively curtail her feelings for him — on the contrary, they had in fact increased. From the results of Huaguo Water Curtain Group's investigation, if the premeditated assassination attempt in the Xiao Family Compound had gone according to Shadow Stream's plan, Sun Rong should have been absolutely unable to escape, even if she had wings. It was unfortunate for them that this "exceptionally powerful person" variable had appeared.

Sun Rong felt that she had been really lucky, and took it for granted that it was Wang Ling who had been her lucky charm — this pretty maiden who made up her own scenarios really gave Wang Ling a headache.

...

The time that was written in Shadow Stream's letter of challenge, Friday of the second week of school, had arrived.

Today, Shadow Stream would send first-class killers to directly assassinate Sun Rong in the school.

All the students were confined for their protection; even when they went to the bathroom, they were accompanied by a teacher. Wang Ling created a clone to take his place in the classroom, and he teleported quickly to the building on the rooftop of Number 60 High School to bask lazily in the sun.

Idle, lazy, quiet and mediocre... this was the high school life that Wang Ling wanted to live.

He gazed out at the school grounds — from this angle, he could see the old stone carvings at the main entrance. A breeze was also blowing gently through the leaves of the palm trees. What was different from the usual was that today, there clearly was a strange aura in the air.

Wang Ling couldn't help sighing in his heart. High school life just wasn't as peaceful as he had imagined, given the petty shit that was happening almost every few days.

However, Wang Ling felt that he didn't have to personally deal with the assassination letter of challenge from Shadow Stream.

The reason was that he had realized that Number 60 High School wasn't as simple as it seemed.

While it was clearly just an ordinary Foundation Establishment high school, there was talent hiding among the teachers.

This was Wang Ling's latest discovery since entering the school.

Additionally, Wang Ling also realized that the expert who was the closest to him in terms of ability was the theory of history teacher, Lao Gudong.

But...

What was with this situation? Why had a gang of Shadow Stream assassins suddenly gathered under his feet?

Didn't they notice that he was also here?

Seriously, what a blind bunch!

...

A group of assassins in black suddenly gathered on the rooftop of Number 60 High School. The distinctive red ribbons around their sleeves proved that they were Shadow Stream's first-class experts.

"Team Leader, there is a rip-roaring wind today..."

"Team Leader, I think the boss is being excessive. It's only a female student, is it necessary for us to make a move?"

"Today's target is the Young Miss of Huaguo Water Curtain Group. According to our intelligence, it's very likely that a top expert has been assigned to personally protect her. Otherwise, Shadow Stream's mission at the Xiao Family Compound several days ago wouldn't have failed," said the assassin leading the team. He had a red ribbon woven through with several gold threads, and indeed was the chief of this assassination operation.

"Exactly how powerful is this expert?"

"We haven't fully investigated this," the chief assassin said a little ashamedly. "The two Black Ribbon assassins who were sent out that day had had a one hundred percent mission success rate. If they had completed this mission, they could have been promoted to Red Ribbon. However, we couldn't even find their bodies. It's very likely that they were destroyed along with the Golden Cores inside them."

"..." What the fuck?! There had been nothing left of them?!

Several of the Red Ribbon killers broke out in a cold sweat.

"So, don't underestimate this fight. And remember, Sun Rong is our only target. Once we find her, eliminate her immediately, then leave. Don't complicate matters, or leave behind unnecessary trouble."

Whoosh! All the black-clothed assassins instantly dispersed when the chief assassin waved his hand.

...

The chief of this operation was a top killer ranked number thirteen in the list of the top twenty killers in the world.

He had already carried out all kinds of formidable missions for Shadow Stream, and had reached this point after facing extreme danger and stepping on countless bones and souls of the dead. He had never thought that his last assignment before his promotion would be such a simple one.

"As long as I can successfully complete this assignment, I will be able to join Shadow Stream's Gold Ribbon management."

Xu Ying stood at one corner of the rooftop, looking out over the small and somewhat old school ground, and made a "hehe" sound. It was just an ordinary high school that didn't even have a spirit gathering array. Even if Huaguo Water Curtain Group had recently sent out a security team, were the teachers and school guards here strong enough to defeat the first-class assassination team sent by Shadow Stream?

Xu Ying smiled mockingly, then solemnly tied on his mask... this should be the last time he carried out a mission.

Even if this last assignment didn't seem the least bit challenging, as a Virgo, Xu Ying decided to execute it as beautifully as usual!

"There is a rip-roaring wind today 1 ..."

1This is a popular line of dialog from the Japanese anime series 'The Daily Lives of High School Boys.' Suddenly, a long, drawn-out sigh sounded above Xu Ying's head.

Stunned, Xu Ying's eyes immediately widened. Turning around, he suddenly discovered a male student with a crew cut and wearing the Number 60 High School uniform sitting leisurely on top of the rooftop building, basking in the sun.

Before coming to the rooftop, Xu Ying had checked the area, and there definitely hadn't been anyone here!

So the question was...

Where had this guy come from?





Chapter 17 It Was Just a Fucking Ordinary High School Student!


Then again, this wasn't the main issue.

The real issue was, how long had this person actually been here, and how much had he heard?

He was an expert at the late Golden Core stage, but he couldn't even sense the aura of a Foundation Establishment high school student next to him? Xu Ying felt this didn't make sense.

"How long have you been here?" He couldn't help the few drops of cold sweat that rolled down behind his black mask.

Wang Ling jumped down from the top of the rooftop building, dusted off his pants, and stared carefully at Xu Ying. "From that sentence, 'There is a rip-roaring wind today'."

Wang Ling's cool voice sounded in Xu Ying's mind, and there were traces of magic in its echo, startling him again. A Foundation Establishment high school student could actually communicate telepathically?

Xu Ying: "..." He would definitely find out who this chuuni 1 teen was before he killed him!

1"Chuuni" is short for the Japanese term "chuunibyou," which translates to "second year of middle school sickness," and describes teenagers going through a phase where they try to act cool or edgy. He narrowed his eyes slightly at Wang Ling — the latter just looked like a very ordinary high school student. Yet for some reason, his breathing picked up.

When people were nervous, they would experience an adrenaline rush. Cultivators, moreover, would usually release spiritual pressure as a warning to their opponents, and through the collision of spiritual pressures, learn the extent of their strength.

This was only a Foundation Establishment high school student, there was absolutely no way he would be able to withstand his pressure!

Xu Ying comforted himself repeatedly.

Bzz! He released all his spiritual pressure and bombarded Wang Ling with it!

Tremble, young man!

Kneel and surrender!

...

...

The minutes ticked away in a dead silence.

"..." Wang Ling just nonchalantly raised his eyes to look at him.

Xu Ying was shocked. All his spiritual pressure was bearing down on this teenager, but it wasn't any fucking use!

Forget knocking him over, there wasn't even any fucking friction!

He could build mountains with the bones of the countless number of people he had killed. Never could he have imagined that the first difficult opponent he would ever face would be a high school student!

Right now, staring closely at Wang Ling, Xu Ying had already broken out in a cold sweat...

He was only an ordinary Foundation Establishment senior high school student, yet he made him extremely nervous.

At that moment, Xu Ying swiftly advanced and punched him.

Whoosh! — A tremendous wind was raised, blowing Wang Ling's short hair back.

Actual combat was always the best way to test someone's strength!

Perhaps the teenager was one of those people born with a weak ability to perceive spiritual pressure... but Xu Ying's punch was the real deal — a Foundation Establishment cultivator would be killed by it, not to mention a high school student who had never been professionally trained for combat. Combat training was an advanced course only taught at Golden Core universities.

Xu Ying felt sorry for Wang Ling. He was just a high school youngster at the Foundation Establishment stage, and a future flower of the motherland. He hadn't fully enjoyed life, hadn't seen the beautiful rivers and mountains of the country, hadn't fallen in love... just because he had been a busybody, he was going to die.

"Sayonara..." He sighed in his heart, and aimed a punch directly at Wang Ling's chest.

"..."

There wasn't the slightest flicker in Wang Ling's expression. To be honest, he felt sorry for Xu Ying, a cultivator who hadn't even reached the Soul Formation stage. He hadn't fully enjoyed the experience of being born-again at the Nascent Soul stage, hadn't experienced the enlightenment of becoming one with nature at the Soul Formation stage, hadn't discovered the truth of the variations between Yin and Yang at the Fusion stage, hadn't enjoyed the pleasure of the flight towards immortality at the Tribulation Transcendence stage... just because he had punched Wang Ling, he was going to become a cripple.

" Bang! "

Like smashing a golden bell, the punch hit Wang Ling's chest unerringly with a resounding roar. In a split second, the rooftop shook mightily with the impact.

However, Wang Ling was rock-solid and motionless...

Then, with a boom , Xu Ying, the assassin leading this attack, jerked as if he had been struck by lightning. Blood gushed out of his mouth like a fountain, and he flew backward like a jet...

He was bleeding from all the seven orifices of his head as he lay spread-eagled on the ground, spitting up blood foam. His face was twisted grotesquely from the intense pain, and in one instant, all his bones had been broken into pieces...

What... the hell happened?

Xu Ying had felt like he was punching a piece of magic iron. It was completely like throwing an egg at a rock — at the moment of impact, the bones in his fist had cracked one by one.

It was only a fucking high school student... how could he have such a strong body?! This was really so fucked up!

That was the last thought this chief of the killers had before passing out.

...

Shadow Stream's Red Ribbon killers were very famous in all of the murder industry, and the most famous among them were the legendary three... the Three Young Masters of Burying Love.

The Three Young Masters of Burying Love — Eldest Young Master Xu Ying, Second Young Master Xu Feng and Third Young Master Xu Jian!

In the last few years, the Three Young Masters had shaken the world, and dominated the business of murder. It could be said that there was no one who didn't know them.

Nobody could have imagined that this Eldest Young Master, an industrial heavyweight, would die before his mission had even begun...

...

...

It was now noon, and lunch time at Number 60 High School. Usually once class was over, a group of people could be seen holding up their tableware and running hellbent to the canteen.

But given the security warning in the last few days, everyone was forcibly confined to the classrooms, and the canteen sent lunchboxes directly to the classroom doors. The students were bored to death.

Teacher Pan was sitting in the classroom, quickly going through and marking the exercise books for the Dao talismans course.

Because of Shadow Stream's letter of challenge, physical education class had been cancelled in the last few days. As one of the vanguard teachers at Number 60 High School, she had seized the opportunity to progress more quickly in teaching the Dao talismans course.

Bored stiff, Chen Chao was spinning a pen, and Guo Hao was teasing Er Dan. Both of them looked like they were ready to die — damn it, they had spent the whole morning writing talismans from memory! It was so boring! What was the point of drawing them carefully over and over again? Would it help them get an SSS in the Dao talismans exam?

It wasn't just Chen Chao, all the boys felt roughly the same. Their very few physical education classes a week, wasted just like that... in Chen Chao's view, this was simply a waste of life! It was no different from the life of a loser!

Looking around, he was surprised to see that quite a number of the top students in the class — as well as some weirdos — were staying calm.

Like Lin Xiaoyu, who might seem carefree usually, but was very prudent when it came to studying. The key thing was, until now, this scary girl had gotten all full marks in her Dao talismans exercise book.

Or like Su Xiao, the commissary in charge of studies, who was so quiet it was disturbing. From beginning to end, he had his head lowered as he wrote rapidly in his book. Chen Chao was sure that for someone like Su Xiao to get into the elite class was all solely due to his diligence.

And the third person was Wang Ling. Maybe it was a guy's intuition, but from the assessment interview, up to Wang Ling summoning a demon king in their first Dao talismans lesson, plus his consistently average results in every dictation test and every quiz they had, he felt that Wang Ling wasn't as simple as he looked.

Chen Chao was a man who believed in coincidences, but when so many coincidences happened to the same person at the same time, he couldn't help but begin to re-examine Wang Ling.

He had once even suspected that the exceptionally powerful person who had annihilated the two Shadow Stream killers and protected Sun Rong that day at the Xiao Family Compound was Wang Ling himself... of course, this was purely just an assumption, as he had no evidence to back it up.

However, he felt that anyone whom Classmate Sun Rong took a fancy to absolutely wouldn't be an ordinary person...

The truth was that he didn't know much about Wang Ling's family circumstances, but he just had a feeling that his background might not be that simple.





Chapter 18 Chief School Guard Old Li


After so many years, Wang Ling finally realized the truth of one of Father and Mother Wang's guidelines for him growing up — knowledge is power!

The killer didn't even know the basic law of physics, that for every action there is an equal and opposite reaction... Wang Ling felt that the murder industry needed to place more emphasis on a cultural education. Even then, Wang Ling still underestimated the damage caused by the backlash from his body.

Xu Ying was now truly dead. Though he had just passed out earlier, the backlash had been too powerful, causing severe trauma to the golden core inside his body.

Wang Ling probed Xu Ying's body with his spiritual senses, and discovered that the golden core had completely tarnished to a color darker than Mylikes 1 . It no longer had any shape, having directly broken down like porridge in his dantian 2 ...

1(Mylikes is a brand of chocolate in China that are a solid dark brown in color.) 2(Dantian is a concept in traditional Chinese medicine translated to "sea of qi.") The rooftop was usually completely closed off. If Xu Ying's body was found here, the rumors might turn it into yet another mysterious school incident.

To avoid stirring up trouble, Wang Ling had to move the corpse to a relatively visible place.

Under the shade of the trees on the sports field seemed like a good spot.

Carrying Xu Ying's body over took less than five seconds, and Wang Ling was about to teleport back.

However, a voice abruptly came from behind him. "Who are you?!"

Wang Ling: "..." He didn't dare turn his head, but he felt a gaze burn into his back, making him feel uncomfortable from head to toe.

But he was familiar with the owner of this voice, which was one that had been roughened by all that life had to offer. This was the distinctive voice of Old Li, the Chief School Guard.

Wang Ling secretly thought c rap in his heart — Old Li was exactly the one person he had been trying hard to avoid, even more than teacher-in-charge Teacher Pan and the fujoshi Lin Xiaoyu.

He had said previously that there was talent hiding in Number 60 High School, with Lao Gudong being one of them. Old Li's prowess, in fact, was also very fearsome.

When Old Li saw the school uniform Wang Ling was wearing, he frowned and asked in an interrogative tone, "Are you a student of our school?" This was an occupational habit — he had become Chief School Guard at Number 60 High School after retiring as Captain of the Seven Stars Cultivation Special Forces.

Seeing that Wang Ling still hadn't said anything, he stared hard at the body which Wang Ling had put down. "Were you the one who killed him?"

Wang Ling didn't want to admit to it, because to be precise... this person had killed himself. How could he be blamed for Xu Ying punching his immortal body and then dying due to the backlash? There was no way he was going to be made culpable for that!

Old Li: "..." Although he was only looking at this person's back, his intuition told him that it was definitely this guy who had done it!

"Turn around!" he shouted again, a warning in his voice.

Wang Ling still didn't move. Right now, he really wanted to knock the old man out, but he was afraid that he wouldn't be able to hold back his power, and might directly kill him.

"Turn around! Hurry up!" Old Li shouted a second time.

This time, Wang Ling turned around helplessly, but only enough so that half his profile was still concealed.

"Turn all the way around!" Old Li enunciated each word, impatience now evident in his tone.

Wang Ling finally turned around, but he covered his face with his hands. The Great Transfiguration Spell really took too long to cast, and Wang Ling was already at his wits' end.

"..."

Old Li: "Put your hands down!" Damn it! How many persistent and extremely vicious criminals had he interrogated before? He had never needed to yell at them more than three times.

Wang Ling sighed in his heart, and finally put his hands down as he completely gave up on resisting.

...

...

Perhaps this was fate...

The instant Old Li saw Wang Ling's real face, he couldn't help shouting, "Holy shit!... Consultant Wang?"

Wang Ling guessed his cover was blown when he saw the old man's excited expression.

Old Li rubbed his eyes, and his dark pupils swept carefully up and down Wang Ling, to confirm that he wasn't seeing things... the person standing in front of him was the special spells consultant whom the Seven Stars Cultivation Special Forces had specifically hired three years ago — Wang Ling!

"..." Wang Ling still said nothing. The dumbest thing he had probably done ever since he was born was to become a temporary spells consultant for the Seven Stars Cultivation Special Forces for two days three years ago...

And the biggest pain in the ass was that this old man, whom he had only ever encountered during that time, not only hadn't forgotten him, but after retirement, was freaking causing trouble by being at the same school.

A Nascent Soul heavyweight running here to become a school guard? What washe thinking?

An unrivalled superhuman running to an ordinary high school to study? What was he thinking?

In that moment, the two individuals who were seeing each other for the first time in three years unexpectedly shared the same thought.

...

After an enigmatic silence, Old Li gave the body on the ground a weak glance; only then did he realize that this Red Ribbon killer was one of the internationally famous Three Young Masters of Burying Love, Eldest Young Master Xu Ying.

Examining him with his spiritual senses, Old Li was immediately shocked. Damn, his death was too horrible! From the skull to the bones of the toes, there was nowhere on the whole body that had been left unharmed; it was as if everything had broken down.

These, however, were not critical. For a Golden Core cultivator, even if his meridians were all broken and his bones all fractured, he could still recover as long as his golden core was safe.

But Xu Ying's golden core wasn't just broken... it had completely broken down to nothing!

Seeing this injury, and Wang Ling standing hale and hearty before him, Old Li immediately knew what had happened.

It was definitely this guy who had stupidly attacked Wang Ling first — he had become like this because of the backlash! Only Wang Ling had such power.

Old Li remembered the last mission he had run three years ago before his retirement from the Seven Stars Cultivation Special Forces...

At that time, the foreign terrorist cultivation organization Dark Night had attempted to unlock the Gate Between Worlds, and planned to attack major cities in countries all over the world at night. After receiving the alert, Old Li's team had immediately set out to stop Dark Night's terrorist activities. In the end, all seven members of the team had fallen prey to Dark Night's scheme, and when they weren't careful, they had been sucked into the Gate Between Worlds.

Old Li would never forget those three hellish days!

The Gate Between Worlds was filled with poisonous smog and the gases from corpses, and they hadn't been able to find any water or any herbal medicines to replenish their spirit energy. But the most fearful thing of all was the horde of demon kings that lurked there. Just one set loose would wreak untold devastation on any modern city.

For three whole days they had struggled, separated and scattered...

In the end, only three of the seven remained alive.

Old Li had thought he was going to be buried there.

But at this critical moment, Wang Ling had suddenly appeared, and he killed hundreds of demon kings, leaving a trail of blood in his wake. He searched for and found everyone, and brought all seven of them back.

Wang Ling remembered that at the time, Old Li's group had fallen unconscious from the toxic smog, so he hadn't thought to erase their memories.

Wang Ling hadn't at all expected that Old Li would actually still be conscious on the trip back to their world... and he had gotten a good look at the person who had saved them.

For the rest of his life, he would never ever forget that moment...

Wang Ling had merely been a temporary spells consultant arranged for the team by their superiors. Old Li and his team despised these spells consultants; in their eyes, they were a bunch of idiots who only knew theory and nothing else.

Hence, almost no one had liked Wang Ling when he joined the team.

Old Li had never imagined that in the end, the person who had saved them would actually be Wang Ling. He had been able to bring all of them out of the Gate Between Worlds, after slaying hundreds of demon kings... this level of power was almost beyond what he could comprehend.

By the time he had been discharged from the hospital after his recovery, Wang Ling had already left, vanishing without a trace.

...

For Wang Ling, the fact that he had been forced to become a temporary spells consultant for two days three years ago had been a pure accident. And entering the Gate Between Worlds and revealing his true power to bring everyone back had also purely been due to his humanitarian nature.

In this world, there were not many people who knew of his true power, and Wang Ling knew who they were. But as it turned out, he had overlooked Old Li.

However, Old Li also didn't know the whole story.

He had always thought that Wang Ling just looked very young, and was in fact a monster who was thousands of years old.

But the truth was...

This year, Wang Ling really was only sixteen years old...





Chapter 19 The Most Fearsome Air Is Suddenly Calm


Wang Ling had always been very afraid of meeting Old Li.

If he told Old Li his true age, he would be treated as a monster.

But if he didn't clarify the matter, and this misunderstanding persisted... wouldn't this make him a pervert?!

Based on Old Li's years of experience, there were only two reasons that a big shot who had already surpassed his realm of knowledge would still attend this mediocre high school.

Reason one: to "move around incognito" in order to satisfy some particular desire.

Reason two: to chase a passionate love...

Wang Ling had only been in the Seven Stars Cultivation Special Forces for a few days, but he was so low-key that even when everyone in the team had taken turns ridiculing him, he hadn't said anything. Therefore, Old Li straightaway ruled out the first reason.

Then he thought of the rumors in those first two days about what had happened to Wang Ling and Sun Rong at the Xiao Family Compound...

It was as if the clouds had suddenly cleared, and in a flash of understanding, he saw the light.

He stared at Wang Ling as if he had seen through everything. "May I ask, Consultant Wang, were the Shadow Stream killers who intended to kidnap Miss Sun Rong at the Xiao Family Compound several days ago, also..."

"Mm." Wang Ling's answer was very straightforward. For someone who knew his true strength, it wasn't surprising for Old Li to come to this conclusion. Hence, Wang Ling had nothing to hide.

"Then may I ask, your relationship with Student Sun Rong..."

"Just classmates."

Wang Ling was as reticent as usual.

Old Li goggled at him, an astonished expression on his face. He hadn't come here to satisfy some special desire or to experience the vigors of youth... damn! Was it possible that Consultant Wang didn't like women?

"..." Right now, Wang Ling really wanted to strangle this old man with his wild imagination.

Exactly why would someone who had retired as Captain of the Seven Stars Cultivation Special Forces condescend to becoming a school guard at a mediocre school?

Wang Ling was very curious about this. Given Old Li's qualifications, even after retirement, he could have gotten special consideration, and be promoted as a commanding officer to work behind the scenes. Wang Ling thought that such a position, where Old Li wouldn't need to show his face for the whole day, and just needed to pass idle judgment from behind the scenes, suited his character very well.

"You have an internal injury?" Very quickly, Wang Ling perceived an abnormality about Old Li.

Even without the use of the Heavenly Eye, Wang Ling's eyes were a thousand times more powerful than the most advanced instruments available today.

Old Li smiled bitterly. "After returning from the Gate Between Worlds and regaining consciousness, because of a small incident, my internal injuries were aggravated, and I haven't been very agile since."

"What happened?" Wang Ling raised an eyebrow, and spoke telepathically out of habit.

"After I woke up, I was anxious to find Consultant Wang, and I wanted to thank you in person. The first time, I hadn't even reached the corridor before the nurse who had come to check on me used a Shadow Binding Spell to haul me back."

"..."

"The second time, I had just walked out the hospital's main entrance when my old boss caught me. Without saying a word, he used a Flying Dragon Spell on me. I struggled mightily, almost at the cost of him breaking my balls, but in the end I was caught and taken back to recuperate."

"..." Fuck, was there any need to be so desperate?!

"The third time, I was going to leave the hospital by flying my sword out the window, but I forgot to break the hospital's seal on spirit energy, so right from the start I couldn't use my spirit energy, and I fell straight down from the thirtieth floor." Old Li sighed with deep pain and bitterness. "As a result, I haven't been able to fully recover until now."

"..." Wang Ling saw that the internal injury was in Old Li's skull, caused by the environment in the Gate Between Worlds back then. Even though it had already been treated, it hadn't been able to withstand the repeated sufferings he had endured — indeed, it would have been absurd if it could be healed after all that!

Listening to Old Li talk about himself, Wang Ling heaved a deep sigh for this former Captain of the Special Forces. Who would have thought that after coming back, his brain would have degenerated from the toxins in the Gate Between Worlds...

With Old Li's current intelligence, forget battle command, he could probably only play pair-matching puzzle games.

Wang Ling took a deep breath, and a purification light formed in his palm.

Among the Three Thousand Great Spells, the Great Purification Spell could purify all evil. The primary stage of the spell had a strong expulsion effect on poisons and toxins, while the advanced stage could even purify the heart of evil desires.

Given his current proficiency with this spell, Wang Ling believed he could directly transform those perverts who liked to grope women in public into ascetic Shaolin monks...

When he saw the spirit light in Wang Ling's hand, Old Li was dumbfounded!

It was a spell he had never seen before. The elaborate talisman light and pure accumulation of spirit energy was enough to prove Wang Ling's proficiency in it.

His eyes were completely fixed on the spell as he praised Wang Ling endlessly. "That's just like Consultant Wang, you're as strong as always!" He felt that the one hundred magic spells that he had managed to accumulate over so many years were just a drop in the ocean that was Wang Ling's collection of spells!

"This light will heal your internal wounds completely." Wang Ling didn't say much before he placed his palm on Old Li's forehead. The warm talisman light was slowly absorbed.

Old Li felt something cool permeate his brain, and the toxins that had been entrenched inside for many years dissolved little by little with the spirit light.

Finally, the poison was completely drawn out, and Wang Ling rolled the black qi around with his fingers to mix it with the purification light, burning all of it to ash.

"Cool!" Old Li said in a nauseating, girlish-sounding voice.

After the toxins that had existed in his body for three whole years had been dispelled, he felt a hundred years younger! Even his body was much lighter; most obvious of all, he realized that his spirit energy was flowing smoothly like water, and his spiritual meridians were no longer clogged.

"Consultant Wang, you are truly powerful!" Old Li admired Wang Ling even more. Over the last few years, he had seen so many famous doctors, but none of them had been able to force the stubborn toxins out. Even advanced technology and the best panaceas couldn't compare with the miraculous effects of Wang Ling's spell.

"I'm not a consultant. From now on in school, call me Student Wang Ling," Wang Ling corrected him.

"Very well, Student Wang Ling..." How could Old Li not listen to the Great Master? Old Li directed his gaze to the body on the ground, and he asked, "Then what should we do with Xu Ying's body?"

Wang Ling didn't say anything, and only looked back at Old Li.

Now that the toxins had been expelled from his brain, clear-headed Old Li immediately understood the intention in Wang Ling's eyes.

His meaning couldn't be any clearer; he was obviously leaving it to Old Li to handle.

Otherwise, if news leaked out that Wang Ling as a student had killed a Shadow Stream Red Ribbon killer, he would probably be in the headlines for the next few months. This completely disagreed with Wang Ling's low-key character.

Wang Ling didn't forcibly erase Old Li's memory this time, after thinking it over. As a shield, this person standing under a tree on the school ground would in fact prove useful in helping conceal his identity.

As for the misunderstanding regarding his age, Wang Ling felt that since the mistake had already been made, he might as well make the most of it...

A breeze brushed past them, and Wang Ling's ears twitched as he heard footsteps nearby. It was time for him to return now that the problem had been dealt with.

It had been too long since he had fully used the Great Separation Spell... Wang Ling couldn't be sure how much longer his clone in the classroom would last.

Poof . In an instant, Wang Ling's figure blinked out, vanishing in the wind.

Seeing Wang Ling vanish abruptly, Old Li sighed at the gap in their levels, and muttered to himself: too inferior... too inferior...

Whatever reason the other party had for coming to school, with such a Great Master at his side, Old Li felt that he couldn't waste this great opportunity... he had to find a way to make him his teacher!

While Old Li was sighing, a group of school guards rushed to the scene, as Wang Ling had anticipated.

When the group saw the man standing in the shade of the tree, as well as the body lying on the ground, they were all greatly shocked. "Who is it?"

Old Li slowly strolled out from under the tree with his hands behind his back and wearing the strict countenance of a veteran officer. "It's me!"

"It's you, Lord Chief!"

The school guards immediately lined up in a row and saluted respectfully.

"Mm." Old Li nodded and calmly pointed to the body on the ground. "I just eliminated a Shadow Stream killer, help bury the body..."

After giving this order, Old Li left straightaway without looking back.

The school guards came forward to take a look, and couldn't help swearing; this death was too horrible, even the bones had broken down to nothing... the body had simply become nothing more than human slag!





Chapter 20 The Number One Weapon Hidden on School Grounds


Sun Rong remembered that the last time she had been placed under protection was when she had been in Qi Condensation junior high school.

At that time, there had been a group of reckless hoodlums who had threatened to kidnap her.

As a result, the next day, Huaguo Water Curtain Group had hired a large number of powerful cultivators to clear out all the criminal elements and nests of ruffians in the school's vicinity. Even the old lady who committed pengci 1 at the end of the street wasn't let off, and had been straightaway thrown out of the city.

1(Pengci literally means "touch porcelain" and refers to a phenomenon in China where people, deliberately or otherwise, get into accidents, then demand compensation from anyone who comes close or tries to help.) After that incident, all the underground organizations had put Sun Rong at the top of their list of people who absolutely couldn't be messed with. Since then, no one had dared recklessly provoke this young miss.

Of course, it was a little different this time.

Shadow Stream was a world-class killer organization that was far above back-alley ruffians on the street. This group of assassins, who killed without blinking an eye, would likely attack Sun Rong directly if she took leave from school for her protection. Headmaster Chen had already considered this, and thus rejected this proposal put forward by the higher-ups.

This was probably the most rigorous security operation that had ever been organized since Number 60 High School's founding. In and outside the school, teachers or security guards were arranged to watch the garden, the corridors, and even the toilets.

The Teacher's Office which Sun Rong had been moved to was the innermost room on the first floor. The exit next to the office had already been completely sealed off, and it was only Lao Gudong with her in the large office.

"You look stressed, do you want some dessert to help you relax?" As he marked homework, Lao Gudong pulled open the drawer of his table, which he had specially prepared to hold his snacks.

Sun Rong took one look at the inside of the drawer and was struck dumb. There were more snacks in the drawer than in a supermarket.

Sun Rong sighed and shook her head disinterestedly. This wasn't the first time that something like this had happened to her, but this time she felt jittery for some reason.

This whole assassination was happening because of the date in the Xiao Family Compound. At the thought of that awkward date, Sun Rong felt twitchy for some reason, like she had somehow forgotten something.

In the end, she had been rescued by a mysterious man, but this mysterious man who had protected her and Classmate Wang Ling... who was it?

"Hey, hey, Wang Ling is really lucky for you to be this troubled over him."

Lao Gudong had also been young once, so naturally he knew what Sun Rong was thinking. "If you want to close the distance between the both of you, you need to adapt to his taste, understand?"

Sun Rong instantly blushed. "...But I don't know what he likes."

"If you don't know, you can ask me."

With a "hehe" laugh, Lao Gudong took a small snack out of the drawer.

"Cris... crispy noodle snack?"

Lao Gudong nodded his head like a chicken pecking at rice. "Mm, Student Wang Ling often comes to buy them from me."

Sun Rong was thoroughly shocked. "...Lao Gudong, are you actually selling snacks?"

Lao Gudong sighed. "The Education Department now forbids teachers from holding supplementary classes, so I can only sell snacks to earn extra cash. Teaching alone doesn't earn me enough to eat."

"..." Sun Rong was lost in thought as she stared at the crispy noodle snack on the table.

...

While Sun Rong's imagination ran wild, elsewhere, the assassination operation had already officially started.

In the male toilets on one of the school floors, a school guard had been knocked out in one of the cubicles by a tranquilizer dart.

The man who broke in through the vent mercilessly stripped the school guard of his uniform, and to keep him from alerting everyone else after he woke up, didn't even leave him his underwear.

It was compulsory for killers to learn how to replicate or imitate something, and this was clearly a walk in the park for this man.

As the second of the Three Young Masters of Burying Love, and number sixteen on the international list of killers, Xu Feng's reputation wasn't a hollow one.

He straightened the uniform and tie in front of the mirror, completely transfigured his face into that of the school guard according to his identification card, and walked smoothly out of the bathroom.

He didn't know what Eldest Young Master Xu Ying and Third Young Master Xu Jian's situations were like, but he saw that the mission signal was still active.

Surely these two hadn't run into some sort of trouble?

Xu Feng didn't think too much of it, and walked directly to the target's signal coordinates.

There were three Teacher's Offices in the vicinity of the target's location, two of which had already been closed. Only the innermost room still had lights on.

The assassination target, was there!

Protection was so tight outside the school, but there wasn't even a security guard in the corridor where the target was located.

Xu Feng sneered; this kind of empty-city stratagem didn't work on Shadow Stream at all. Long before the letter of challenge had been issued to Number 60 High School, Shadow Stream had already secretly placed a tracker on Sun Rong. No matter where Sun Rong was, she could be monitored.

Xu Feng put his hands in his pants pockets as he walked to the door of the lit office and sent out his spiritual senses to test the atmosphere.

In addition to the target, only one teacher had been arranged to stay with Sun Rong in the office for her protection... furthermore, it was a fatty who only knew how to eat snacks.

Xu Feng felt that the whole of Shadow Stream was seriously being looked down upon.

What kind of attitude did this mediocre high school have, in the face of a challenge from a world-class killer organization?

Very well...

Standing at the door of the office, Xu Feng heaved a deep sigh. As a first-class Shadow Stream Red Ribbon killer, he would make this group of people who had underestimated Shadow Stream pay the price.

Thinking this, he pushed open the door of the office.

Inside the room, Lao Gudong was happily discussing matters of love with Sun Rong in front of a small blackboard.

Having already felt Xu Feng's murderous intent, Lao Gudong's face darkened.

In the next moment, light glinted off a blade as the other party, without even a greeting, straightaway took out a flying knife and threw it at them.

"Teacher, watch out!"

Everything happened like lightning. It had taken less than a second for the assassin to take out the knife and throw it. Sun Rong was completely unable to follow the flying knife's trajectory with her eyes, and by the time she regained her senses, this dangerous flying knife was firmly clipped between Lao Gudong's fingers.

"Peak late Golden Core stage. That's just like a Shadow Stream Red Ribbon killer, you're really powerful." Lao Gudong smiled lightly as he placed the flying knife on the table with a clatter.

Xu Feng was slightly stunned — he had thrown that knife at full force just now, straight at a weak point and at a speed that was only a little slower than a bullet. Furthermore, the blade had been specially reinforced in order to be able to penetrate the body of a Golden Core cultivator.

It had taken him not more than three seconds to enter the office and throw the knife — who could have imagined that a normal high school teacher, who had never received any professional combat training, would actually be able to catch his deadly flying knife so precisely.

"Your Excellency, who are you?" Xu Feng felt that the technique shown by the man in front of him was somewhat familiar.

"It doesn't matter who I am." Lao Gudong smiled slightly.

On the side, Sun Rong had partially covered her mouth, unable to conceal the shock in her eyes.

The Lao Gudong in front of her was still as amiable as ever, and when he smiled, his eyes crinkled in their trademark style. However, the aura around him was different to what he was like during their usual lessons.

Xu Feng's face darkened; the fact that this man was able to catch his flying knife proved that his strength was roughly equal to his. Why, for no good reason at all, was there such an expert among the teaching staff at an ordinary high school?

But now wasn't the time to bother with this.

He knew it was inadvisable to stay here for too long. As long as Sun Rong was eliminated, his mission would be considered a success.

With a shake of his hand, a black gun with a silencer screwed on instantly appeared in his hand. Almost without any pause, he aimed directly at Sun Rong, and with a bang , a spirit bullet shot out, preceded by a forceful wind.

"Die!"

The speed of the spirit bullet was ten times faster than the flying knife; Xu Feng didn't believe Lao Gudong would be able to also catch the bullet with his bare hands!

Lao Gudong glanced at Xu Feng, still indifferent. He sat there like Mount Tai 2 , steady as a rock. At the same time, his face was very calm, without the slightest flicker in his expression.

1(Mount Tai is a culturally and historically important mountain in the Shandong province of China.) Hu ...

He stretched out his fingers very serenely, his movement so slow that even Sun Rong could see it.

Miraculously, he caught the bullet firmly with two fingers once again, like pinching a fly. "There is no stronghold one cannot overcome with all the martial arts in the world... except speed, which cannot be transcended!"

Then, there was a dead silence.

Sun Rong was too shocked to say anything. "..."

Xu Feng, however, was once again petrified; who the fuck was he?!

"Shadow Stream has declined these last few years. Their trainees are becoming more and more sloppy." Lao Gudong's face turned gloomy as he sighed quietly.

This manner of speaking stunned Xu Feng! These words, and such incredible strength... Xu Feng could only think of one person!

In the next moment, Xu Feng couldn't help breaking out in a cold sweat!

...This was a man he couldn't afford to provoke!

"Senior, I'm sorry to have offended you!"

Xu Feng immediately bowed, ready to withdraw.

"Coming and going as you please... isn't this looking down on me too much?" Lao Gudong threw the bullet into the trash can, then picked up a piece of chalk from the blackboard trough.

"If you want to attack my student, you should pay the price..."

Xu Feng instinctively sensed danger. "What is Senior going to do?"

"Nothing."

Lao Gudong smiled slightly. "I was just thinking, I should teach you a lesson."

"Wzzt! —"

As soon as he finished speaking, a bright light burst forth from Lao Gudong's fingertips! Faster than a spirit bullet, it pierced the air.

Xu Feng had no time to react at all, and abruptly, his eyes widened as far as they could go.

"Uh..."

Very quickly, his voice was abruptly cut off.

He lowered his head in disbelief.

What he saw was a piece of chalk pierce his chest with a puff .





Chapter 21 A Dog


A piece of chalk was the number one weapon hidden on school grounds.

Today, Sun Rong's perspective had been thoroughly broadened... whether a weapon was powerful or not in fact had little to do with how much harm it could cause — the key was the person using it.

A Shadow Stream flying knife or specially-made spirit bullet could easily pierce a human body, but Xu Feng couldn't have ever imagined that a little piece of chalk could have such horrible power!

Lao Gudong put out one short leg to turn Xu Feng's body over as if it was a fried dumpling, and nodded with satisfaction. Mm... this piece of chalk had pierced right through Xu Feng's heart, so he was completely dead. The only thing that wasn't perfect was that there was too much blood.

He bent down and pinched Xu Feng's chin to open his mouth, and then broke off a molar from inside.

Sun Rong realized that the molar was actually dark green in color!

Lao Gudong turned his head, his eyes crinkling as he smiled. "Did that frighten you?"

It wasn't a fright so much as a shock!

Sun Rong had completely never imagined that Lao Gudong, who taught the theory of history course, who always smiled and laughed and was deeply loved by the students, could be so powerful, attacking his enemies relentlessly and killing them decisively. Even a first-class Red Ribbon killer hadn't been able to put up a fight at all.

"Lao Gudong, what is this?" Sun Rong stared at the molar in Lao Gudong's hand.

"This is the last resort that Shadow Stream killers leave themselves. It contains poison and corpse powder. Once they feel that they will fail their mission, they'll bite down on this," said Lao Gudong.

Sun Rong was hit by a sudden realization.

The reason why Shadow Stream had an international foothold was because of the organization's astounding reputation. This group of people would never ever betray their clients, or leave behind any clues. Of course, there were international records of Shadow Stream's failed missions, but in all these cases, the killers' bodies were never found.

The poison and corpse powder inside the molar was the key; it not only guaranteed that the killers would never ever betray their clients, but also erased any clues the relevant authorities might discover on their bodies which could lead them back to Shadow Stream.

Looking at the molar in Lao Gudong's hand, Sun Rong was greatly astonished again. As a first-rate Red Ribbon killer, Xu Feng may have realized that he was going to die, but he couldn't have known that the speed of a piece of chalk would be faster than him crunching down on his molar, so unexpectedly, his body had been left behind.

For Shadow Stream, real failure was leaving behind any clues that could be traced back to them. A whole corpse of a Shadow Stream killer would undoubtedly provide Huaxiu's Anti-terrorism Division with important clues.

Who the hell was Lao Gudong?

Sun Rong's mouth was slightly agape as she looked at the amiable, fat man in front of her with some amazement.

She finally understood why the school had assigned just Lao Gudong to accompany her... given his strength, any killer who made it here would just be offering their heads on a platter as they walked right into a trap!

"I haven't fought in so long, my technique's deteriorated — there's actually so much blood."

Looking at the large pool of blood on the floor, Lao Gudong frowned. "If I had been fast enough, there wouldn't have been any blood at all."

Sun Rong was stupefied. "Holy shit..."

Lao Gudong took out a yellow Dao talisman, which Sun Rong immediately recognized as a function-type talisman; it had a purifying effect, and was more practical than OMO detergent. It could remove nine hundred and ninety-nine kinds of stains in an instant, without leaving any marks.

After the flash of a spirit light, the blood on the floor was instantly cleaned up. Lao Gudong sighed again. "This Dao talisman is fucking expensive, I will have to ask Headmaster Chen to reimburse me!"

Sun Rong: "..."

"I hope you will help me keep what happened today a secret." Lao Gudong smiled as he said this, and took a packet of latiao out of the drawer and placed it in Sun Rong's hand. "I am still the adorable fatty all of you know."

Sun Rong: "..."

This was a blatant bribe!

Seeing that Sun Rong hadn't replied, Lao Gudong reluctantly took out another packet from his pocket, with the air of someone parting with treasure. "Student Sun Rong, these are the last two collector's edition packets of latiao which I have in my supplies."

Sun Rong: "..."

...

Things were bound to be tense at Number 60 High School today, despite the fact that the students were under the school's protection. Lying under the sun in the school's small garden, Er Ha, who still had the soul of a demon king, could sense the thick murderous intent in the air.

Though it was lying in the sun, it wasn't asleep at all.

The small school garden was located behind the teaching building, and was a security blind spot on school grounds. Over the years, who knew how many students had given away their first kiss in the garden. It wasn't as if Er Ha envied them, though. In the first place, it was a toad by nature; moreover, it was a toad at the level of a demon king, so it had completely no interest in the little bitches of the world.

To this day, it had remained chaste.

It was thanks to the fact that it had maintained its integrity and wasn't the type to mess around that it hadn't been dragged off by Guo Hao to his family vet clinic to be forcibly sterilized.

Er Ha yawned lazily, and was about to turn over and carry on lolling around when it heard rustling from the nearby manhole in the garden.

Er Ha froze halfway through turning. Right now, Number 60 High School was protected inside and outside; there was also no way it would be Super Mario coming out from under the manhole cover. The only explanation was that there was an assassin attempting to enter the teaching building through this blind spot in the garden.

Although this "fly" had yet to emerge, it couldn't evade Er Ha's spiritual perception. While its spirit energy was substantially suppressed in this restrictive body, it was nonetheless a fifth-ranked demon king, and naturally couldn't be bullied by a puny Golden Core cultivator. Last time, it had been unable to put up a fight in the classroom because of Wang Ling.

But this time...

Er Ha laughed in its heart.

Just when it was worried about being bored, who would have thought there would be someone in a hurry to provide it some entertainment. It had already been too long since it had last fought — the last proper time was when it had still been a toad six years ago.

It wagged its tail, stood up from the ground, and gnashed its teeth as it took an alert stance.

As soon as I came to this planet, I was killed by a punch, and my primordial spirit was even contained. I struggled for six years before I was able to finally break off a sliver of my soul and escape, but because of a freak combination of factors, I was turned into a dog. That damn parrot harasses me in the classroom all day, and I can't rebel when that group of students willfully pinch my face. My past glory as a fifth-ranked demon king already no longer exists. Nowadays I have fallen to this extent, reduced to being a watchdog at this lousy school...

However, I can still kill you bastards, can't I?!

At this very moment, the manhole cover was lifted off, and a head emerged.

Hardly had the person opened the cover when he felt a strange aura. He instantly narrowed his eyes, and stealthily sent out his spiritual senses.

This aura was strong and weak in turns, appearing and disappearing fitfully...

It took this person a long time to confirm the location of the target.

Then, he was astounded to discover...

A dog...

...standing at a distance under the sun, glaring at him fiercely.





Chapter 22 This Dog Is Abnormal!


A dog?

Furthermore, it was an akita with green fur.

Xu Jian had recognized the breed of the dog in front of him almost at first glance. He found it strange, though, that an akita would actually have spiritual sense.

Akitas were not on the list of typical spirit dogs.

Xu Jian thus quickly deduced — this dog was definitely not a purebred! And it obviously wasn't a normal dog, since it had green fur!

Staring at the dog in front of him, Xu Jian lightly brushed his bangs aside.

Xu Jian, who was the third of the Three Young Masters of Burying Love, and number seventeen on the international list of killers, absolutely wouldn't be distracted because of a mongrel spirit dog.

It was just a mongrel spirit dog. How strong could it be?

If he just intimidated it a little, wouldn't he scare the shit out of it?

Xu Jian thus slowly released his spiritual pressure.

An invisible power fell from the sky to bombard Er Ha!

However, things happened far out of Xu Jian's expectations.

He was sure that under normal circumstances, his spiritual pressure was potent enough to crush pork into dried pork slices.

However, it unexpectedly had no effect whatsoever on this dog.

Furthermore, instead of being scared away, it unleashed its aura in a stand-off against him.

Xu Jian responded very quickly. It wasn't a coincidence that this dog had appeared here, it was a watchdog that someone in the school had put here to guard the garden!

They had actually arranged for such a mongrel spirit dog to guard the garden?

Xu Jian felt that the whole of Shadow Stream was seriously being looked down upon.

What kind of attitude did this mediocre high school have, in the face of a challenge from a world-class killer organization?

Very well...

Facing this unexpected dog, Xu Jian heaved a deep sigh. As a first-class Shadow Stream Red Ribbon killer, he would make this group of people who had underestimated Shadow Stream pay the price.

There was nothing more to be said; in the next moment, a piercing cold light streaked through the air!

— Yet another flying knife!

To a regular person, this knife would be flying at lightning speed, but in Er Ha's eyes, it was very, very slow. Before becoming a dog, any fly it caught in the Gate Between Worlds had been far faster than this flying knife. Despite being a dog, it still kept the perfect, dynamic vision of a toad.

This person wanted to kill it with a lousy knife? How childish!

Er Ha only turned its head slightly, and the knife whistled over its fur to firmly embed itself into a stone pillar behind it. So tremendous was the power used that the knife was buried to the hilt.

Xu Jian had never imagined that a mongrel spirit dog could have such a quick reaction. While he was feeling surprised, the dog suddenly became an afterimage, and like thunder on the plains, it swiftly and aggressively pounced on him! — It had been so fast that he hadn't been able to catch its movements!

"— Go to hell!" He quickly pulled out a dagger and slashed at the flowing light which had rushed at him.

Crack ! There was the ringing sound of something breaking.

Then he realized that the dog had bitten down on the dagger and fucking broken it!

Furthermore, the dog unrestrainedly chewed the fragments down to nothing right in front of him.

Xu Jian couldn't help swearing. "...Fuck!" The dog's teeth seemed ten thousand times sharper than those of any assassin spirit dog specially trained by Shadow Stream. Were its fucking teeth made of titanium?

In that moment, Xu Jian's face darkened as he faced a mongrel spirit dog that should have been very easy to deal with. He had carried out a lot of difficult missions before, but had never imagined that the biggest opponent that he would ever encounter in his life... would actually be a dog?

Assessing its strength, Xu Jian was shocked again. "...This school actually has a mongrel watchdog at the late Golden Core stage?"

The words were said very quietly, but Er Ha still heard it.

...This guy doesn't just have bad spiritual perception , he's also a fool! I'm clearly a valiant, outstanding, charming and handsome dog that lives a pure and virtuous life and can't help spending the whole day enjoying the scenery of the little school garden! Actually challenging my bottom line over and over again?! — Fuck, is this punk simply tired of living?!

"Qingliu! Come out!"

Xu Jian shouted when he realized that this dog wouldn't be easy to deal with. Instantly, a brilliant light glowed in his hand as a scarlet spirit sword emerged, the image of a huge red hook imprinted on its blade.

Er Ha had already been on earth for six years, so it recognized the brand of the immortal sword at a glance — it was a first-class spirit sword made by Nike, and could only be wielded by users at the Golden Core stage! And the "Qingliu" which Xu Jian had shouted was the name of the spirit in the sword.

How powerful was a first-class spirit sword? It was powerful enough to destroy the body of a Golden Core expert! It could even puncture a person's golden core, and cause completely irreversible harm!

If Er Ha had been in its original body, forget a spirit sword, even a more powerful immortal or holy weapon wouldn't be able to injure it. However, its current dog body was void of refinement; even a common kitchen knife could cut it apart, let alone a spirit sword.

But...

That was only if this lousy sword could come near enough to slash it.

"Qingliu, go! Kill it!"

At Xu Jian's cry, Er Ha immediately saw a spirit light emerge from the sword, and a faint figure was projected into the air.

This appearance of a boy less than ten years old was the spirit of the Qingliu sword.

Hum ! The little sword spirit raised his fingers and took a fighting stance. A bare second later, countless sword points shot out like a thousand arrows.

Tremble, foolish dog!

Kneel and surrender!

It was as if Xu Jian had already seen this mongrel's gruesome death.

It was just a mongrel dog with a bit of spirit energy, and it wanted to challenge his spirit sword at its level? Dream on!

However, as a seasoned demon king, what manner of weapon hadn't Er Ha seen?

In the end, it was just a petty spirit sword, and this assassin wanted to use it to fight Er Ha? He was really too young...

Er Ha looked at the sword spirit, then looked up into the air at a forty-five degree angle.

And then, ferociously...

Woof !

"..."

Xu Jian thought the dog was about to demonstrate an ultimate move, but in the end, it only gave a clear and loud howl. He was completely confused.

"What the heck is it doing?"

To Xu Jian, there was nothing out of the ordinary about this howl, but to the ears of the sword spirit, it was a completely different matter.

A weapon spirit's five senses were stronger than that of an ordinary cultivator. Even if it was just a subtle aura, it would be able to sense it.

Mixed into that howl were traces of the demon king's power, and at last the sword spirit saw the true nature of the dog... behind it, he saw a giant shadow of a demon king!

This colossal figure enveloped Qingliu, making him instantly break out in a cold sweat. He could clearly feel the tremendous pressure of a demon king!

Fuck fighting! There was no way he could challenge it at all!

Qingliu instantly waved at Xu Jian and smiled. "— See — ya!"

Then, this sword spirit with no moral integrity retreated directly back into the sword, and the sword's light instantly faded. All this happened with less warning than Ultraman's color timer blinking red 1 .

1(When Ultraman starts to lose strength, the color timer on his chest starts to blink red in warning.) It was an embarrassing scene.

Xu Jian: "..."

Instinctively, Xu Jian knew — this dog was definitely abnormal!

The whole time, Xu Jian felt that the dog had been staring at him as if he was some kind of prey!

Pushing off with his feet, he flew backwards swiftly to put some distance between them.

"Tch, you still want to run? Where can you run to?" Er Ha sneered, not planning to let this person go.

Since the start of the fight, it had been gathering its strength. After a long delay, it finally felt the accumulated spirit strength in its body reach its saturation point, and a cyan light surged forth with a hum!

"Not good!" Xu Jian could smell something dangerous in the air, but it was too late.

In that moment, a great pressure suddenly fell from the sky, completely freezing him in place and making him immobile!

Then.

He saw a great shadow in the air, enveloping him completely and blocking out the bright sun in the little garden...

He stared blankly at this indistinct huge shadow, and felt that it was somehow familiar.

His memories started spinning rapidly...

Suddenly, he remembered the powerful demon king which had emerged from the Gate Between Worlds in the sky six years ago, and which had the strength to swallow souls!

This huge demon king shadow deftly stretched out its long tongue and ruthlessly swept up Xu Jian's soul.

At the moment his soul was being swallowed, Xu Jian's heart was full of despair.

Someone tell him... why the fuck had this demon king become a dog?!

...

Everything happened in the blink of an eye.

Xu Jian died miserably, his soul a snack for Er Ha.

The clouds dispersed, the shadow disappeared, and the sun shone brightly on the garden once more.

Er Ha burped and found a good place in the sun to continue sleeping lazily on its stomach, as if nothing had happened.

A rip-roaring wind blew through the little garden and ruffled its short, green fur...





Chapter 23 Just Came to be Made Fun of


The Shadow Stream assassination ended with zero casualties for Number 60 High School and the elimination of all the Shadow Stream assassins.

Of the twelve Red Ribbon killers, three committed suicide by crushing their poison molar, while the remaining nine didn't even have time to break theirs before they died.

This incident created an uproar across Huaxiu nation, and driven by news and public opinion, knowledge of it gradually spread abroad.

Everyone thought that the General Administration of 100 Schools had come up with a careful plan for their top fighters to eliminate Shadow Stream's entire troop.

...

It was early the next morning, with the sky just beginning to brighten. Less than twelve hours had passed since the incident had taken place. The phones at the office of the General Administration of 100 Schools had been ringing off the hook with headmasters of other high schools calling to personally congratulate Deputy Director Zhuo Yi on his major victory in safeguarding his alma mater.

The operation this time had not only severely crippled Shadow Stream, but would also pave the way for Number 60 High School being selected to become a key Foundation Establishment high school next year. Additionally, the advanced experience which Number 60 High School had gained from this operation had set an example for other schools on how to map out their own defense strategies against possible attacks.

But actually, Zhuo Yi felt aggrieved.

This was because this incident had had nothing to do with him at all! If there were discrepancies in the report, he wouldn't be able to bear the responsibility!

Although Zhuo Yi had indeed dispatched a number of personnel under the banner of the General Administration of 100 Schools to protect his alma mater, all of them had been outside, and hadn't even stepped through the school's main gate!

Zhuo Yi was lost in deep thought as he stared at the autopsy reports that had been placed on his table an hour ago.

To begin with, this was what had been in the autopsy reports for the famous Three Young Masters of Burying Love...

"Xu Ying, male, identity: first-class Shadow Stream Red Ribbon chief, peak late Golden Core stage. Cause of death: obliteration of golden core..."

"Xu Feng, male, identity: first-class Shadow Stream Red Ribbon member, peak late Golden Core stage. Cause of death: penetration by an unknown object, rupture of heart chamber (chalk dust detected around the fatal wound)..."

"Xu Jian, male, identity: first-class Shadow Stream Red Ribbon member, peak late Golden Core stage. Cause of death: no apparent wound, distorted pale face, frightened to death..."

At this point, Zhuo Yi couldn't help drawing in a sharp breath.

The Three Young Masters of Burying Love... the Little Three, who were all-powerful in the murder industry, had actually died just like that.

Also, Zhuo Yi had a different view on Xu Jian's cause of death.

It was Zhuo Yi who had brought people with him to personally handle Xu Jian's body. Number 60 High School's small garden was a security blind spot, so nobody knew what had happened here at all. How could a hardened assassin be frightened to death in such elegant surroundings? Zhuo Yi remembered that he had searched the garden for half a day at the time, but looking back now, he suddenly felt that the green-furred akita had been very suspicious...

This time, the General Administration of 100 Schools had recovered nine corpses. In addition to the Little Three, the rest had also died in various odd ways.

Like the person who had snuck into the chemistry lab, accidentally ignited a talisman, and had been blasted into pieces.

Or yet another person who had slipped into the school library, whose head had been sliced open by the librarian with a library card.

And another person who had been caught sneaking into the canteen, and had then been beaten to death over the head by the canteen auntie with a large soup ladle.

Looking at the autopsy reports, Zhuo Yi had already turned to stone, his heart full of complicated feelings, and for a long time, he wasn't able to calm down.

This assassination operation already couldn't be described as just a failure — it had been a merciless slaughter!

Number 60 High School was full of hidden dragons and crouching tigers 1 ... who the hell knew what that bunch of killers had suffered in his alma mater?

1('Hidden dragons and crouching tigers' refer to talented individuals who conceal their abilities.) Zhuo Yi felt they had come to the school just to be made fun of.

...

It was Monday morning of the third week of school, two days since the assassination attempt.

Wang Ling walked calmly into the classroom as usual.

As expected, all hell had already broken loose inside.

Everyone was discussing Shadow Stream's assassination attempt.

To sum it up in one word: tragic!

"Did you hear about the most pitiful Shadow Stream assassin from yesterday?"

"Apparently, the guy originally attempted to sneak in through the school sports field from the sewer underneath the public square next door. In the end, Chief School Guard Old Li caught him before he even got through the school gate.

"Old Li gave him a Sky-Destroying Kick, and when he was still in the air, punched him a number of times with the Seven Stars Fist combo. He got beat up so much it was like he was flying in the sky, and it wasn't until half an hour later that he fell to the ground after being struck by a Lightning Palm from the air."

At the sound of this, everyone couldn't help shuddering. It already felt painful just listening to it!

As one of the parties involved, Sun Rong couldn't help sighing. "What an honor for a person to witness such top-notch martial arts before dying."

"..."

Wang Ling lowered his head; he had never thought that things would blow up like this.

"What kind of person is Chief School Guard Old Li, why is he so amazing? His opponent was a first-class Shadow Stream Red Ribbon killer, after all..." someone asked.

Guo Hao pushed up his glasses and smiled slightly. "Don't you know? Before formally joining our school, Old Li was Captain of the Seven Stars Cultivation Special Forces."

As soon as he said this, the class instantly burst into incessant cursing.

Like Wang Ling, many of them had the same thought — no one could understand at all, why would such a formidable heavyweight serve as Chief School Guard in this ordinary high school?

Seven Stars Cultivation Special Forces?

This was a special force operative groomed jointly by Huaxiu nation and top university Seven Stars Sect! Every year, Seven Stars Sect would choose among their Golden Core students those with the greatest strength and potential to undergo advanced and independent training. During the course of their education, these lucky dogs would also receive amazing state benefits!

The average strength of the Seven Stars Cultivation Special Forces was at the peak late Golden Core stage.

To be able to become Captain... Old Li had to be at the freaking Nascent Soul stage!

The students in class already didn't dare continue this line of thought — for everyone here, the Nascent Soul stage was really too far away, and they probably would never reach it in their lifetimes...

And a grand and almighty Nascent Soul cultivator had actually come running to a Foundation Establishment high school to become a school guard?

There definitely had to be some crazy story behind it!

"My goal is to apply to Seven Stars Sect in three years!" Chen Chao was excited!

"I remember Seven Stars Sect's overall cut-off score last year was two hundred thousand points..."

"Even if I don't make it, it'll still be a nice memory."

Guo Hao threw his hands up in the air. "If I was like Old Li, admitted into Seven Stars Sect, joined the Special Forces, and broke through to the Nascent Soul stage, I definitely wouldn't be satisfied with just being a school guard!"

Lin Xiaoyu laughed. "True, if you can cultivate until Nascent Soul, you'll be able to catch even more awesome soul beasts and sell them as pets. Walking a pixiu 2 on the streets would be so trendy!"

2(Chinese mythical hybrid creatures.) "Trendy? As if! You have no idea, these last few years, the soul pet business has been going downhill."

Guo Hao shook his head and lamented, "I might as well sell seafood instead of soul pets. Nowadays, the market price for mantis shrimp is more expensive than for our purebred, second-grade lightning rats. If I can cultivate to Nascent Soul, and learn to turn the sea upside-down, I'll be able to catch at least five hundred kilograms in one go!"

Lin Xiaoyu rolled her eyes at Guo Hao; he was simply too unambitious!

...

Sitting silently on the side, Wang Ling quietly rested one hand on top of an exercise book.

Among the Three Thousand Great Spells, there was one for "measuring fate" which Wang Ling was capable of using. It was also very easy to carry out, and only required a notebook, an exercise book, or something similar. Wang Ling could measure it with one hand, with over ninety percent accuracy.

Wang Ling didn't really like this type of magic, since he couldn't measure his own fate. But now, he was prepared to use this method to see Guo Hao's future.

Roughly less than two minutes later, the prediction was done.

Curiously, Wang Ling flipped the exercise book open...

In six hundred years, Guo Hao would have set up the largest seafood market chain ever since the founding of Huaxiu nation.

...

Haidilao Hot Pot 3 .

3(Haidilao Hot Pot is actually an existing Chinese chain of hot pot restaurants.)





Chapter 24 Mascot Wang Ling


Teacher Pan was on time as usual for the morning class. When she appeared on the dais, the whole class immediately quieted down.

"Then, I have three things to announce."

Sweeping her gaze over the class, Teacher Pan cleared her throat. "First of all, it's about the Shadow Stream assassination attempt. As everyone knows, this time Shadow Stream suffered a crushing defeat, and their leader immediately put up a reward of one hundred million yuan for a top-ranked killer to launch a terrorist attack on the school in revenge."

The students all held their breaths.

Teacher Pan smiled. "But there's no need for you to worry. According to reliable sources, this offer was dropped soon after it was announced."

"Why was that?" someone raised a hand to ask accordingly.

Teacher Pan threw up her hands. "Shadow Stream lost all the first-class killers it sent, resulting in the death of three of the top twenty killers in the world. Who would dare come now?"

"..."

"Also, this time, the Huaxiu government was able to get hold of nine Shadow Stream corpses all at once, which will be useful in helping to determine where their base is located. Then, the second thing I want to announce is..." At this moment, Teacher Pan gave an innocent smile. "Since the internationally notorious killer Xu Ying perished on the sports field, the cultivation police have decided to cordon it off temporarily to collect evidence. During this period, the sports field will be closed off for one week. Physical education class will therefore be replaced with the Dao Talismans class which I teach. I believe all of you have no objections to that?"

Nearly all the students felt like they had been slapped in their faces... who the hell would dare object?

Chen Chao, the sports committee member, was the most furious of all of them. Casually replacing their phys ed class — wasn't this just completely ignoring him as a leader in the class cadre?!

His role as the sports committee member was in name only...

As an old hand who had nurtured countless students, Teacher Pan could easily guess at their dissatisfaction just from their expressions. "I know some students are unhappy about this, but I still hope all of you will cherish your time in high school! Thanks to the school's perfect reaction to the incident this time, city authorities have decided to make an exception for our Number 60 High School, and have nominated us as a candidate to become a key city high school next year. In addition, Huaguo Water Curtain Group is also going to invest in our school. Estimates are that within this year, our school's spirit gathering array will be perfected, and related facilities upgraded to meet key city high school standards."

Upon saying this, Teacher Pan could no longer hold back her elation. "Let us give Student Sun Rong a round of applause!"

Papapapapa ...

In that moment, the class was filled with thunderous applause and non-stop cries of amazement.

"A key city high school! Our school actually stands a chance to be promoted to a key city high school?!"

"Even setting up a spirit gathering array?! My mom will no longer have to worry about me dozing off in class ever again!"

...

Of course this was something to be celebrated! When they were choosing high schools, who didn't want to study in a key city high school? Unfortunately, failing to meet the cut-off scores, they had had no alternative but to enter an ordinary high school.

But now Number 60 High School had an opportunity to be promoted to a key city high school. Then school alumni from this batch could all be proud to say that they had graduated from a key high school! Not only that, once the school became a key high school, facilities, welfare benefits and the school environment would all be upgraded... everyone would then have the opportunity to experience for themselves what it was like to be really treated as a student of a key city high school!

Sun Rong blushed at the sudden applause, looking a little shy. "This period of time has been hard on all of you, and I'm sorry to have caused you trouble! From now on, I continue to look forward to your guidance!"

What was it like to have a nouveau riche classmate?

In that moment, everyone present had the same feeling... in a word — cool!

If you are rich, you can be willful!

Looking at this scene, Teacher Pan nodded with satisfaction. A promotion to a key city high school also meant that the salary for this pioneer teacher of Number 60 High School would increase yet again.

"This week, there will be a student union exchange for key city high school candidates. Five students from the elite stream will be sent on a four-day study trip to Number 59 High School, which will arrange their meals and accommodation."

After saying this, Teacher Pan paused, before continuing. "Coincidentally, the school has given all the quota for the exchange to our Elite Class One."

"Holy shit! Four days!"

"I heard Number 59 High School has quite a number of busty cuties!"

"How does Teacher Pan plan to allot these five spots?"

It must have been because of Sun Rong that the school had given all the quota to Elite Class One. Huaguo Water Curtain Group was subsidizing so much of the upgrades to Number 60 High School, how could they not hug this big thigh 1 properly?

1(To "hug a big thigh" in Chinese is to curry favor with someone more powerful or influential.) Also, as the pretty maiden of Number 60 High School who was rich, well-educated and good-looking, Sun Rong would definitely take one of the five available spots.

There were four people left; who would they be?

While everyone was discussing this, the corner of Teacher Pan's mouth lifted slightly, a trace of craftiness in her smile.

"The students whose names I call will receive a notification letter. Go home tonight and prepare everything listed in the letter, and join the WeChat group by QR code. Assemble at the school gate tomorrow morning at eight o'clock!"

Everyone held their breaths and waited for the results.

"Sun Rong." Teacher Pan called out the name.

This name wasn't a surprise to everyone, since they had already guessed it. This was Number 60 High School's chance to showcase itself through their leading school beauty. Sending Sun Rong would definitely give other people a better impression of Number 60 High School's student union delegation.

"Chen Chao."

After all, they were representing the school. In case there was a physical competition, it made sense to everyone for Chen Chao to be sent.

"The third person, Guo Hao."

Likewise, this name wasn't unexpected to the students. Disputes and disagreements would be inevitable during the student union exchange, and in these moments, a smooth talker would be necessary. Political science representative Guo Hao was the best man for the job.

Then.

"Lin Xiaoyu."

To do good work, one needed the best tool; "know yourself and know your enemy, and you will never be defeated." As a top student in the class and a veteran fujoshi , there was no one better than Lin Xiaoyu for infiltrating and collecting intelligence from the student organizations of other schools.

Finally, there was one spot left.

Students whose names hadn't been called curled their hands into fists, and prayed with expectant expressions.

"..."

Only Wang Ling seemed to already know who it was going to be.

Just as he had expected, Teacher Pan shouted out the last name. "Wang... Ling!"

"Wang Ling? What the hell! His grades are right down the middle, and he doesn't have any obvious strong point!" someone objected.

Of course, the majority of them weren't satisfied with this result.

But Teacher Pan was Teacher Pan, one of the pioneer teachers who had been at Number 60 High School for ages, and with just a few words, she settled this dispute. "Student Wang Ling received an unprecedented SSS grade in the placement test!"

At the sound of that, the students all had no retort.

Wang Ling's result in the placement test indeed had startled the universe and moved the gods 2 , and was beyond compare.

2(This is a Chinese idiom to describe something that is truly exceptional or outstanding.) If it was for such a reason, none of them present were qualified to object.

"Of course, the school believes that luck is a factor."

Teacher Pan smiled. "Therefore, Student Wang Ling will be our Number 60 High School's mascot."

Oh! — So that was it!

This explanation, in an instant, was cheerfully accepted by everyone.

Wang Ling: "..." Can't you guys think for yourselves a little more?!





Chapter 25 An Unexpected Guest


Later, Wang Ling got a list of the items he needed to bring for the four-day school exchange.

In addition to basic school supplies and clothes for the night, they also had to bring a spirit sword for the flying swords exchange activity. The characters in the last sentence on the list were extra large and striking: THE SCHOOL UNIFORM MUST BE WORN.

Wang Ling already no longer had the energy to ridicule the school uniform, since the nation was united in its uniform aesthetic. He didn't believe Number 59 High School's uniform would be any better.

His only concern now was how to make himself as inconspicuous as possible during this four-day school exchange.

Whether it was Lao Gudong leading the team, or the other four individuals on it, they were all people around whom he had to be highly vigilant.

Staring at the notification letter, he sighed.

No matter what, this wasn't going to be easy to deal with, and would need to be handled with special care. The smallest suspicious action might draw even more attention and suspicion from other people.

...

There were some points for attention in the notification letter which parents needed to sign in agreement.

When Wang Ling returned home in the evening, he straightaway threw the notification letter at Father Wang.

Father Wang straightaway took a pen out of his pocket to deftly and swiftly sign his name.

"You're not going to read it?" Wang Ling was very surprised.

Father Wang usually read school notifications more seriously than he did the morning newspaper.

"It's an off-campus activity, it's all safety instructions and points for attention, there's nothing to read. Is there anyone who can beat you?" Father Wang said.

"..."

Father Wang pushed his black-rimmed glasses up, and picked up the evening newspaper on the table. "These last few days, news of the Shadow Stream assassins being wiped out at your school has spread like wildfire. The man who had the worst death, his entire body broken into pieces, and his golden core reportedly broken down to slag — don't tell me you did that?"

Wang Ling: "..."

Seeing that Wang Ling wasn't saying anything, Father Wang sighed deeply. "It was an unusual situation this time. Next time, be a little more careful."

Wang Ling threw his hands up in the air and said helplessly, "He attacked me first, I didn't fight back at all."

Father Wang put down the newspaper and sighed, then he looked at Wang Ling and said meaningfully, "Though he sought death himself, you have to control yourself from now on. In any case, leave them a whole body! See how much trouble it's caused our forensic colleagues in their investigation. They have to reconstruct the pieces of dreg one by one, then put them back together."

"..."

"Forget it, forget it, it's already very difficult for Ling Ling. If it wasn't for that talisman seal, there probably wouldn't even have been slag left after the backlash." Mother Wang came out of the kitchen with a bowl of hot fish soup, placed it on the table, and untied her apron. "Both of you men, get ready for dinner!"

Wang Ling stared at the fish soup for a long moment. "Coral grouper?"

He remembered that this fish didn't really have much taste, but it was unusually expensive. Unless they had guests, Mother Wang would only buy one during the festive season.

Wang Ling didn't say anything, but Mother Wang immediately understood when she saw his expression. "Little Ming came today, and I was going to ask him to stay for dinner, but in the end something urgent came up and he had to go back. What a pity, I simmered the coral grouper soup for eight hours. The two of you men eat more today!"

Wang Ling: "..." Sure enough, that annoying guy had come!

Little Ming referred to Wang Ling's older cousin, Wang Ming.

Different to Wang Ling, Wang Ming was another kind of genius. Though the both of them had equally matchless innate skills, Wang Ming was more focused on scientific research. He became the youngest member of the Cultivation Academy of Science at the age of twenty-two, when they made an exception for his admittance into the institution.

To this day, his identity had not been officially made public and was a state secret. To Huaxiu nation's military forces, this man's brain was even more terrifying than a holy weapon.

The most straightforward evidence of this was the Dao talisman seal on Wang Ling's arm. Though it was Wang Ling who had drawn it based on an ancient text, it also incorporated the black technology which Wang Ming had created, thus combining cultivation principles with the most advanced science in Huaxiu nation. It was because of this scientific component that the basic function of the Dao talisman was greatly strengthened, perfectly suppressing Wang Ling's aura.

The reason he could hide his identity was to a large extent because of Wang Ming's help.

However, Wang Ling didn't really have a very good impression of his cousin.

Wang Ming was a fairly stubborn and intractable person who would never ever allow himself to fail.

Wang Ling remembered when, as a six-year-old, he had slapped twelve-year-old Wang Ming and sent him flying. Wang Ming had always taken that incident to heart, and since then, he would always challenge Wang Ling whenever he had the chance.

Until now, he had never once defeated Wang Ling.

Furthermore, during these many challenges, the Dao talisman seal had been continuously upgraded, limiting most of Wang Ling's strength. Yet the person who lost in the end was still Wang Ming...

Hence, Wang Ling always felt quite twitchy whenever he heard the name Wang Ming. When would this man give up on challenging him at the smallest provocation...

But Father Wang and Mother Wang didn't object to Wang Ming, and thought that the two cousins had a pretty good relationship. Otherwise, why would Wang Ming always be worried about the Dao talisman seal? Or did he just have too much time on his hands?

Wang Ling gave them a look. "..." The two of you are right! He really has too much time on his hands!

Father Wang looked at Mother Wang with some rebuke. "It wasn't easy for Little Ming to come today, why didn't you persuade him to stay? He hasn't been here in a while."

"Little Ming considers state affairs important, how could I persuade him to stay?" Mother Wang said with a little regret. "Next time we definitely must get Little Ming to stay the night; he can sleep with Ling Ling, and the two of them can have a heart-to-heart."

"..." Wang Ling really, really wanted to burst out swearing.

But Father Wang suddenly realized the problem with that. "Oh! No! The two of them can't sleep together. What will we do if Ling Ling accidentally kills Little Ming with one blow in his sleep?"

"..."

The two of you, enough!

After talking nonsense, in the end it was Father Wang who came back to the main point. "By the way, why did Little Ming specially come to see us this time?"

Mother Wang immediately patted her head. She had almost forgotten the real issue! She looked at Wang Ling and asked, "Ling Ling, how many more days do you think your Dao talisman seal will last for?"

Wang Ling remembered the last time the talisman had been changed was almost half a year ago. He counted with his fingers... hm, a minimum of three days, or five days at the very most. By then, the spirit energy in the Dao talisman seal would be completely used up. At that time, all of his aura would be exposed to the public.

At that time, even Wang Ling didn't know what would happen.

"You only have three to five days left, right? Little Ming said the upgraded Dao talisman would be delivered as soon as possible this week." Mother Wang suddenly felt a little worried. The last time Wang Ling's aura couldn't be contained, the spillover had caused a blackout across the whole of Star city for ten days!

"There shouldn't be any problems for the time being."

Father Wang nodded his head as he spoke. Looking at Mother Wang's frown, he said, "If you're really worried, let him take Jingke with him."

Jingke was the second sword that Father Wang had gotten Wang Ling after he had broken that magic sword when he was a year old.

This sword had been with Wang Ling since he was a kid, and was the only spirit sword that had formed a formal contract with him.

It was just that the material which this spirit sword was made of was a little special.

It was a small sword that wasn't made of gold, or silver, or copper, or iron... it was made of wood.





Chapter 26 The Daily Life of a Mantis Shrimp


The origin of the small wooden sword was very peculiar. Father Wang had spent 998 yuan on it at the bird and flower market. Wang Ling remembered he had only been three years old when he had seen it for the first time.

He had grown up with the wooden sword since he was a kid, and had special feelings for it.

Now, he was sixteen years old. That little wooden sword had accompanied him for thirteen whole years.

This was just a market stall product which Father Wang had bought, but the most mystical thing about it was that the peach wood which the sword was made of seemed to contain traces of some mysterious substance that even Wang Ling couldn't see through, and which had the important effect of limiting his strength; so, compared with those branded spirit swords made with valuable materials, this small wooden sword was the least likely to be damaged by him.

Also, when the Gate Between Worlds had come to earth six years ago, this little wooden sword had actually miraculously spawned a sword spirit.

Its name, Jingke.

...

That night, Wang Ling rummaged through his room and finally found his smartwatch.

Since before, Wang Ling hadn't been able to enjoy using such smart electronic products, and he didn't feel anything for them. This was because if he couldn't control his emotions even a little, the wristwatch could be damaged by his magnetic field.

Of course, another very important reason was that this watch had been personally made for him by Wang Ming.

Compared with other smart products, Wang Ling wouldn't be able to easily destroy anything created by Wang Ming. Though it looked as if Wang Ming had given him the wristwatch out of the goodness of his heart, Wang Ling could see right through his charade with just one glance.

This man had been trying in vain to beat him since he was a child. Hence, something similar to surveillance software had been hidden in this wristwatch, which could send data on Wang Ling's daily activities back to Wang Ming.

This absolutely wasn't a groundless assumption — Wang Ling had read it in Wang Ming's mind the day he turned fifteen.

He stared at the wristwatch for a long time, then finally put it on with a black face. "..."

If it wasn't because he was considering his outside activities for the next few days, he would never have rashly removed the seal on the watch...

Wang Ling knew the basics of using the wristwatch; it operated in a similar way to the popular smartwatches from before, but incorporated more virtual space technology.

The internal software had already been installed. Wang Ling looked at the row of software applications projected into the void, and finally fixed his eyes on the green "WeChat" icon.

Quickly, he entered the interface.

This wasn't the first time that Wang Ling had used WeChat. If it wasn't because he was naturally incompatible with electronic products, he could actually be considered a long-time WeChat user.

Using a memory retrieval function to search for his old registered account, he logged in, then joined the WeChat group according to the QR code given on the list.

A system notification quickly popped up...

(User 'Ling' has joined WeChat group 'The Daily Life of a Mantis Shrimp'!

(This user is not a friend of group members, please be mindful of the safety of your property and false information!)

Wang Ling gave the group's members list a look, and found that the people attending the exchange meet tomorrow had basically all joined and he was the last one.

Sun Rong: "!!!"

Lin Xiaoyu: "Ling? Is this Classmate Wang Ling's WeChat?"

Chen Chao: "A name which demonstrates that the greatest truths are the simplest, this really is Classmate Wang Ling's style. Classmate Wang Ling? Aren't you going to say something?"

Wang Ling looked at the messages popping up quickly, then as a matter of habit, replied with an ellipsis. "..."

Guo Hao used a funny face emoji. "The ellipsis confirms without a doubt that it is Classmate Wang Ling."

Then, Wang Ling sent another ellipsis. "..." Soon after that, the WeChat group fell into a short, awkward silence.

After two weeks of getting to know each other, most of the class had already accepted Wang Ling's reticent nature; only Guo Hao had always felt it was very awkward, because this cold iceberg monster was his freaking deskmate!

The two of them thus regularly came into contact, but since the start of school, they hadn't even exchanged more than ten sentences. Now they could become awkward even while chatting online — this was a stab in the heart, pal!

Fortunately, Lao Gudong immediately became their angel and broke the ice. "Students, please gather at the school gate at eight o'clock tomorrow morning!"

Almost at the same time, several people sent the OK emoji.

Sun Rong: "Has everyone prepared their spirit swords?"

Lao Gudong sent a facepalm emoji. "Student Sun Rong has raised the issue; this time, our school's spirit sword exchange meet will be the highlight performance. When the time comes, the leaders from each school will be there, and even municipal leaders will come to observe. I hope everyone has prepared a proper spirit sword."

It had been less than two weeks since the start of school, and they hadn't had more than three spirit sword lessons, but spirit sword education actually started at a young age.

With a proper spirit sword, once it formed a contract with its owner, it would take at least five years for the two of them to adapt to each other in order to reach a level of proper usage. To have a spirit sword spawn a sword spirit was even more difficult, and required enduring patience and scrupulous care.

Of course, the sword spirits of those branded first-class spirit swords and immortal swords in the market were all artificially bred. Their power couldn't be denied, but the relationship which they shared with their masters was far more inferior than the rapport between a naturally occuring sword spirit and its master.

Chen Chao quickly posted an image.

It showed the spirit sword which he was currently using. The bright red scabbard boldly highlighted the zealous nature of its hot-blooded user. The word "SUPER" that had been finely carved into the sword hilt was already starting to become worn.

Chen Chao: "It's called Li Chao. It was a birthday present from my parents when I turned ten years old. We've already formed a contract, and we've been adapting to each other for six years..."

Lao Gudong sent a thumbs-up. "Li Chao? That really suits Student Chen Chao's character! From the gloss on the scabbard, I can see that Student Chen Chao, you are very mindful about caring for your sword!"

"Teacher, you flatter me..." Chen Chao sent a sighing emoji. "It's just a pity that Li Chao hasn't spawned a sword spirit yet."

"A sword spirit doesn't spawn in a day. If Student Chen Chao is patient, I believe that day won't be far off!"

After encouraging Chen Chao, Lao Gudong began to espouse common popular knowledge. "Everyone needs to be patient in order to spawn a sword spirit. Don't give up easily unless you absolutely have to. Once the spirit sword spawns a sword spirit, the body of the sword will have a soul, and a sword with a soul can level up like a regular cultivator! Of course, this is limited to sword spirits which spawn naturally; artificially-made sword spirits are already fixed and cannot level up."

"Ah? Is that true? Teacher, please tell us more!" Several students in the group showed great interest.

Lao Gudong sent a long and meaningful voice message in which he patiently explained, "The spirit sword lessons which you're taking now cover basic care of a spirit sword, and the advanced lessons are about flight on a sword and cultivating a sword spirit. When you get into university, you'll gradually understand all this. Your task now is to do your best to nurture a good relationship with your spirit sword, and have it spawn a sword spirit before you graduate."

Then Lao Gudong sent a second voice message. "Student Chen Chao has already posted an image of his spirit sword, how about everyone else take photos of your spirit swords and share them?"





Chapter 27 Cunning Headmaster Chen


During the spirit sword exchange meet, students from each school would demonstrate the depth of their rapport with their spirit swords through various competitions.

This would reflect not only the students' personal accomplishments, but also each school's philosophy and spirit. Whether it was an internal or external event, the spirit sword exchange meet was essential, and had already become a school tradition.

Because of the Shadow Stream assassination attempt, an exception had been made for Number 60 High School this year to be nominated as a candidate to become a key city senior high school. Hence, while the student union exchange might ostensibly be a competition between students from two main high schools in Peiyuan district, it was actually more a contest for the benefit of municipal leaders.

And the spirit sword exchange meet was obviously the crux of the contest.

Therefore, the training instructors whom Number 59 High School had selected this year were highly experienced in teaching about spirit swords and how to use them. The fact that Lao Gudong's name was listed as the training instructor leading the Number 60 High School delegation for the exchange meet caught all the school leaders of Number 59 High School completely off guard.

What the hell was Number 60 High School thinking, sending a bookworm who taught history?

Number 59 High School's headmaster thought that Number 60 High School might have already given up.

Wang Ling and Sun Rong were probably the only ones who in their hearts were clear on what it meant, since they knew exactly how strong Lao Gudong actually was.

After all, this was a man who had killed a first-class Shadow Stream killer at the peak late Golden Core stage with just a piece of chalk...

It could be said that Lao Gudong was hiding a lot of things. He was a man with plenty of stories to tell, who had experienced far more than any teacher in both schools.

Although Wang Ling still didn't know Lao Gudong's reason for coming to Number 60 High School to teach, he was very clear on one thing.

The school leaders had sent Lao Gudong this time to personally lead them... so the outcome of the spirit sword exchange meet had virtually been decided.

Looking at the general situation, Wang Ling felt that Headmaster Chen of Number 60 High School was really a wily old fox...

It was close to ten o'clock at night now, but his WeChat group was still very lively. After Chen Chao, the rest of the group also showed off their spirit swords one by one.

Guo Hao's spirit sword was Ghost Tooth.

According to Guo Hao, it was his grandfather's generation that had personally created this spirit sword for him. It had been forged using the tooth of a Night Magic Tiger, a level three spirit beast. The body of the forged sword was white as jade. The edges of the sword were covered in black veins that were just faintly visible, like ghostly, interlocking teeth. Hence the sword's name, Ghost Tooth.

Guo Hao made a little video, and it was obvious that he cherished his spirit sword quite a bit, probably only second to the parrot Er Dan on his shoulder.

After sharing the video, Guo Hao sent a message: "My father gave this sword to me when I was eight years old, and we formed a contract. It has already been with me for eight years... the same... no sword spirit has appeared yet."

Chen Chao sent three "bad" emojis. "...Damn! Still nothing after eight years?"

"Eight years? Eight years is nothing..."

Lin Xiaoyu sent a heartbroken emoji and also showed off her treasured sword.

Surprisingly, Lin Xiaoyu used twin swords!

Chen Chao: "Twin swords?"

Lin Xiaoyu: "They are parent and child swords! I named them Wangmeng and Wangji! They've been with me for nine years! A whole nine years! No sword spirit has come out yet!"

"..." Nine years?!! Chen Chao felt a bit of despair.

When Lao Gudong saw this, he continued to expound on the popular science of spirit swords. "Parent and child swords will spawn twin sword spirits, and their development is longer than for an ordinary spirit sword. However, nine years is indeed a little late. Is Student Lin Xiaoyu not being diligent enough?"

Not diligent? How was that possible!

Lin Xiaoyu sent a crazed emoji to the group. "Lao Gudong, you wrong me! I get Wangmeng and Wangji to commune with each other everyday, and after so many years of careful observation, I even managed to separate their gong andshou attributes... how can I not have been attentive enough?!"

Guo Hao finally couldn't take it any longer, and couldn't help replying, "Big sister... are you sure these two swords are male? Parent and child swords, however you look at it, aren't they male and female? They can't possibly be gay, right?"

Lao Gudong sent a string of cold sweat emojis. "If you misunderstand the spirit sword itself, it indeed is possible to delay the spawning of the sword spirit."

"..." After reading Lao Gudong's reply, Lin Xiaoyu typed an ellipsis, then couldn't help asking, "What about Classmate Sun Rong's spirit sword?"

Chen Chao: "I really want to see Classmate Sun Rong's sword, it must definitely be super awesome!"

It went without saying that a lot of thought and money would definitely have gone into the spirit sword belonging to the Young Miss of Huaguo Water Curtain Group.

Compared with other rich second generation kids who liked to show off, Sun Rong's daily life was much more low-key. She wasn't in the habit of flaunting herself, since she had always felt that this was very poor behavior and wasn't beneficial in shaping her image as the Nation's Maiden.

So under these circumstances, she absolutely wouldn't take the initiative to share her picture unless someone else asked her to.

After a moment, everyone in the group saw the photo that Sun Rong sent.

Sun Rong: "My sword, Mysterious Sea."

It was a spirit sword deep blue in color, with a flawless, translucent body that pulsed with a blue glow. Everyone could feel its aura, like a boundless ocean, even just through the picture.

Guo Hao couldn't help praising it. "Mysterious Sea? What a cool name! How long has it been with Classmate Sun Rong?"

Sun Rong thought for a while, and then replied, "I formed a contract with this sword from the moment I was born, so a whole sixteen years."

"..." Chen Chao.

"..." Lin Xiaoyu.

"..." Guo Hao.

Sixteen years... sure enough, comparing yourself with others would only make you angry!

Even Lao Gudong gave rare high praise. "The blue glow of the sword is the energy of the sword spirit, so it looks like Student Sun Rong already has a sword spirit. Family background is one thing, but Student Sun Rong's spirit sword has a bright color and luster and a distinctive quality. The translucent body has a bright halo around it, and has been maintained properly. You must have put a lot of effort into cultivating a rapport with your spirit sword. That is just like Student Sun Rong!"

Sun Rong sent an emoji of hands clasped together in a salute. "Lao Gudong, you flatter me!"

As they shared about their spirit swords, at this moment, someone finally realized that Wang Ling didn't seem to have shared his.

"???" Chen Chao sent three question marks. "Classmate Wang Ling? What about your spirit sword? Aren't you going to show it to us?"

Wang Ling: "..."

He had initially wanted to muddle through everything by keeping silent, but then he saw everyone sharing their spirit swords. If he hid again, he would come across as a little unsociable and strange, which often resulted in actually drawing greater attention to himself.

He did not want that to happen.

After some deep consideration, he finally shared a photo.

Then.

A badass wooden sword less than a meter in length popped up aggressively in front of them...





Chapter 28 Wang Ling's Small Wooden Sword


At this moment, Wang Ling's skill at passive and awkward silences re-emerged, and the WeChat group was once again lost in bewildered silence.

Even Lao Gudong wasn't able to say a word, the photo was just that lethal.

As Wang Ling's deskmate, Guo Hao had always felt that his ability to create awkward silences was no less deadly than weapons of mass destruction, it was really just too scary.

Everyone had clearly been shocked by this wooden sword, and were starting to doubt life.

...

Lao Gudong in the end was Lao Gudong, a man who had experienced the storms of life. After five endless minutes, he shook himself out of his slack-jawed state, fixed his eyes on the flexi-keyboard in the virtual void, and anxiously typed several words: "Student Wang Ling... you, are you being serious?"

"Mm." Wang Ling's reply was brief as ever and didn't waste words.

"..." Even Lao Gudong had utterly nothing to say after that.

As for the others, they were all having different thoughts.

Chen Chao: I never imagined that Classmate Wang Ling's family situation would be so tough... no wonder he's usually so low-key, and Classmate Sun Rong is so concerned about him. It turns out I was thinking too much. Classmate Wang Ling really needs more care and concern!

Guo Hao: I never imagined that under Classmate Wang Ling's cold and aloof appearance would be such a tenacious heart... to arrive at this point after so many years really can't have been easy for him! I should show him more care and concern from now on!

Lin Xiaoyu: It's time to find Classmate Wang Ling a boyfriend to love him!

Sun Rong had cupped her chin in her hands and was considering whether to organize a love donation in the name of Huaguo Water Curtain Group — to raise money to buy Classmate Wang Ling, who lived in the outskirts, a pink magic sword brimming with love!

Wang Ling: You guys, enough!

...

Spirit swords made out of peach wood may have been very popular a decade ago, but were now completely obsolete. As stronger materials for making more powerful swords started to emerge on the market, peach wood spirit swords became as cheap as cabbage. At present, only a small number of manufacturers still produced a fixed amount of peach wood swords each year, which they sold wholesale to education institutions, kindergartens, preschools and primary schools for use in introductory spirit sword education.

Looking at Wang Ling's small wooden sword, Lao Gudong thought that Student Wang Ling must have had an unhappy childhood!

Parents would normally be especially serious when it came to their children's first spirit sword. This could be seen with Chen Chao, Sun Rong and the others.

In contrast, this peach wood spirit sword was really too cheap.

However miserable we are, we should never let our children be miserable; however poor we are, we should never be poor in the education of our children.

In an era when even a malicious ghost could evolve, who would still use a peach wood spirit sword? Even if you hung it right by the bed, it wouldn't do anything to exorcise evil!

Looking at the photo projected into the void, Lao Gudong sighed in his heart; it looked like it was time for him to speak to Teacher Pan, and pay Student Wang Ling an important home visit!

Wang Ling: "..."

...

It was eight o'clock in the morning on Tuesday of the third week of school.

Everyone gathered on time at the school entrance to take a bus to Number 59 High School for the four-day student union exchange.

They traveled light, as everything that needed to bring had already been stored in the pockets of their school uniforms.

Wang Ling got on the bus and found a seat in the last row.

Guo Hao and Chen Chao got on the bus and anxiously looked at him sitting in the last row. They eyed each other for a bit, and then like door gods, they sat one on each side of Wang Ling.

Wang Ling: "..."

After he had shared his small wooden sword in the WeChat group yesterday, Chen Chao and the rest had all felt that they needed to show Classmate Wang Ling care and concern, beginning with the little things.

This wholeheartedly terrified him.

His low-key high school life wasn't going according to plan, and instead had deviated wildly from his expectations. After all, the people on the bus with him now had at one time been on the list of people around whom he needed to be vigilant.

God knew what kind of ill fate this was...

Wang Ling must have offended this year's taisui 1 .

1(Chinese name for the stars directly opposite of Jupiter in its 12 year orbit.) Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Sun Rong and Lin Xiaoyu sitting nearby and holding hands. He didn't need to read Lin Xiaoyu's mind to know that this veteran fujoshi was most likely shipping 2 the three of them boys together.

2("Shipping" is to be partial to the development of a relationship, usually romantic, between other individuals.) The bus was spacious enough for fifty people, but in the end all five of them occupied the back row, leaving Lao Gudong to sit at the front with the bus driver. Fortunately, he didn't mind; as long as he could ensure the safety of his students, it didn't matter if he was a little lonely. Also, there was a whole warehouse of snacks in his pocket for him to slowly enjoy.

...

This was the first time that Wang Ling had been closely surrounded by a tight-knit circle of people, and he kept silent as he quietly listened to the discussion around him.

Because he was incompatible with electronic products, almost everything he knew about the latest news was gleaned through reading minds. In this way, he ensured that he wasn't too disconnected with what was currently happening in society.

Guo Hao and Chen Chao were having an extremely absorbing chat.

Guo Hao pushed up his glasses. "Have you heard, an ancient tomb was recently found on a construction site. According to experts, it's probably a fake tomb set up by one of the two Ancient Almightys."

The Ancient Almightys...

As soon as he heard this, Wang Ling knew they had to be talking about Han Li and Wang Lin, the two "old demons" of the cultivation world.

Before the founding of Huaxiu nation, these two were the luminaries; there were records of them in ancient texts dating back to before even the Great Battle Qi era, and they were considered the forefathers of cultivation. But now they were forever silent, having gone down in history along with their magnificent deeds of old. They were a popular topic in Lao Gudong's history lessons; additionally, Han Li's Cultivation Theorem and Wang Lin's assessment scale were compulsory test components in advanced mathematics, which students both loved and hated.

There had always been rumors that Old Demon Han and Old Demon Wang hadn't actually died, since to this day, all the ancient tombs that had been found in Huaxiu nation that were supposed to belong to them had all been fake. What was more, it was likely that it was these two living fossils who had left these tombs behind as a diversionary tactic of some sort.

But there wasn't the slightest basis for this sort of talk, since according to historical records, both Almightys had indeed failed the last step toward attaining immortality and had been struck down on the Heavenly Way.

Chen Chao nodded. "This matter did create quite the ruckus." It was a big deal, so naturally he had heard of it.

"Of course it did! Because there are a lot of doubts about it."

Guo Hao said mysteriously, "According to expert appraisal, it was Old Demon Wang's tomb that they found. But what's strange is that fragments of Old Demon Han's Sky Bottle was found in the tomb. You know the origin of the Sky Bottle, right? According to historical records, Old Demon Han used this treasure to make panaceas mature quickly in a short time."

"Then why would it appear in Old Demon Wang's fake tomb?" Sun Rong couldn't help asking curiously when she heard what they were talking about.

"That's why it's strange."

Guo Hao spread his hands. "Now, Old Demon Han's fans, the Han Family Army, are saying that the fake tomb is actually Old Demon Han's. But Old Demon Wang's fans, the Wang Family Army, disagree, and think that Old Demon Wang may have forged the fragments while he was still alive to deliberately mislead everyone."

"But if this is just a fake tomb, what is there to argue about?" Lin Xiaoyu completely didn't get it.

"You really don't understand..."

At this point, Guo Hao shrugged. "This is like the war between salty and sweet bean curd; people have been quarreling about it for thousands of years, but there's still no consensus, right? It's the same with the Han Family Army and the Wang Family Army now. They clearly know there isn't going to be a conclusive result, but they're still making a lot of noise in order to draw attention to it on Weibo; even if it's only a passing mention of their idols, they don't want to lose out."

Everyone: "..."





Chapter 29 In the Flush of the Spring Wind the Horse Runs Fast...


Society was vicious; even Wang Ling himself felt that there were two groups that he absolutely couldn't mess with. They were the Han Family Army and the Wang Family Army.

These two fan groups of the Ancient Almighty Cultivators were more terrifying than fans of A-list celebrities in Huaxiu nation.

Each fan club had tens of millions of fans and every single one of them was a cultivator. Furthermore, the presidents of both fan clubs were rumored to be first-class expert cultivators.

Huaxiu nation had been trying to crack down on these two powerful fan clubs over the years, and had informed local education offices to strictly prohibit students and teachers from secretly joining them. To the military, they were both unpredictable factions that might or might not become a threat to national security someday.

But that had nothing to do with Wang Ling.

This could be summed up in a great saying...

Do what you want to do, I won't bother with you.

As long as it was something that didn't affect his low-key life, he could turn a blind eye to it. Otherwise, if he moved even just a finger, he could make these tens of millions of people disappear...

...

It had already been one hour since the bus had departed, but Guo Hao had no intention of stopping; he had no lack of topics to discuss, from the latest news headlines to slowly chatting about national affairs. He lamented the hard lives led by the lower classes in society and educated the people present on patriotic affairs at the same time.

Nanhan nation's insistence on deploying an "Immortal Sword Defense System" along the border had aroused strong protest from Huaxiu nation.

The common people didn't discuss politics. Wang Ling himself was accustomed to being idle, but he still at least knew something about this major issue.

Huaxiu nation had imposed various economic sanctions on Nanhan nation, resulting in the closure of many Nanhan family supermarket chains in Huaxiu and the removal of Nanhan food imports from market shelves. These included the spicy chicken-flavored 1 crispy noodle snack which Wang Ling preferred and which was produced in Nanhan.

1(This is referring to Samyang 'Hot' chicken flavor instant noodles from South Korea.) But crispy noodle snacks were a petty problem in the face of a national issue.

It was just one less flavor, Wang Ling could completely accept that. Locally made crispy noodle snacks might be a little lacking in novel flavors, but ultimately nothing could beat the classics...

The bus was moving swiftly, but it was the morning peak hour and the roads were pretty congested.

Two hours later, Lao Gudong, who was sitting at the front chewing on latiao , finally said, "Students, we are here. Everyone be ready to get off!"

"Teacher, what time is it?"

"It's four minutes past ten in the morning. We'll register at Number 59 High School first, then take part in the first exchange meeting at two o'clock in the afternoon to confirm the schedule for the next few days," Lao Gudong replied.

...

After they got off the bus, the old bus driver slammed directly on the gas and sped away. Today, potato chips at the central supermarket were half-price; who knew whether he would be able to make it back in time to grab the last of it.

They had gotten off on the other side of the road across from Number 59 High School.

"We're here at last."

Their slightly envious gazes swept over Number 59 High School's newly-renovated school grounds.

At present, Number 59 High School was still just a candidate to become a key city high school, but the school environment and buildings, as well as teaching facilities, already fully met the standards for key city high schools.

As far as the eye could see, there was greenery everywhere. Trees as lush as remote mountain forests grew in Number 59 High School's courtyard and lined the trail from the school gate to an eight-story teaching building which itself was surrounded by trees.

Recalling the few frail old palms at Number 60 High School's entrance and the school's old buildings, this group of people instantly felt a little sad.

"Damn! Is this really Number 59 High School?" Lin Xiaoyu was astonished. "I remember passing by here the year before last, and it had been even worse off than Number 60 High School! Did they strike gold?"

"They probably did, the year before last." Chen Chao frowned and said, "That year, Number 59 High School produced six Golden Core students, which was the highest number recorded in the last two hundred years... so as early as the year before last, it received an angel investment from a private hospital. In the same year, they also successfully applied to the Education Department to be nominated as a candidate to become a key city high school."

Lao Gudong nodded slightly. Chen Chao had already said whatever he had been about to say. The boy knew a little more compared with the other students, but that wasn't surprising. He had participated in many school sports competitions since he was a kid; he often visited other schools, so naturally he would know more compared with regular students.

Lin Xiaoyu: "An angel investment from a hospital? Why a hospital?"

"Furthermore, it's an all-male hospital. Have you heard of Nine Suns Men's Hospital? It was opened by the creator of the Nine Suns Scriptures !"

For this type of gossip, in the end, it was Guo Hao who needed to step in. "This is the so-called 'In the flush of the spring wind the horse runs fast 2 , top scorers in the college exams are circumcised.'"

2(This is a line from a poem titled 'After Passing the Exam' by Tang dynasty poet Meng Jiao.) Everyone: "..." A hospital targeted at college graduates, with advertising that was truly unlike any other 3 .

3(Circumcision supposedly enhances sex, so this would indeed be motivation to pass the college entrance examination ...) "I heard that guys with a graduation certificate from Number 59 High School can enjoy the circumcision service at this hospital free of charge. I wonder if I can borrow a certificate from here. When the time comes, maybe I should ask two other people to go with me?" Guo Hao asked, cupping his chin.

"..." Wang Ling felt that this was asking for too much!

Both Sun Rong and Lin Xiaoyu's faces were completely red. It was inevitable that they would feel a little sensitive and embarrassed after listening to such embarrassing topics.

"If Student Guo can borrow a graduation certificate, please take me with you!" Lao Gudong suddenly sighed. "It's coming up to six hundred years, and sadly I've never found the opportunity to let loose."

"..."

On the side, Wang Ling once again refrained from saying anything.

He knew what Lao Gudong's hand speed was like.

Speaking rationally, he felt that there was no reason at all for Lao Gudong to visit the hospital — he could completely do it himself, with his own hand as a knife.

...

Though they were very envious of Number 59 High School's environment, no one was truly jealous. Once the funds from Huaguo Water Curtain Group came in, Number 60 High School's new environment would definitely be superior to this.

Lao Gudong led the team to the school gate, where they were immediately stopped by the school guard, who was distracted by their bright blue uniforms. "Who're you looking for?"

After Lao Gudong showed the school guard his papers, the man bowed deeply. "So it's Number 60 High School. Our school leader already let us know that you were coming; please proceed to room 1001 on the first floor in the teaching building for registration."

"Alright, thank you." Lao Gudong took back his papers with a smile, eyes crinkling again in their trademark style.

In this way, this group of people walked through the gate without any problems.

To be honest, when it came to school inter-relationships, Number 59 High School and Number 60 High School had never been on very good terms. Lao Gudong hence found the school guard's respectful and friendly attitude somewhat unexpected.

Of course, the observant Lao Gudong had also realized another issue, and that was the time of their arrival.

He was willing to bet that Number 59 High School had made no school announcements whatsoever about it.

Otherwise, given Student Sun Rong's influence, this tree-lined trail would have already been packed with people.

...

Usually, there would be a device in the school guard's office that would block out any probing spiritual senses, but these kind of gadgets were completely ineffective on Wang Ling. They hadn't even left the school gate very far behind before Wang Ling's spiritual senses had already directly penetrated the whole school. The school guard who had been smiling before already no longer had a smile on his face; instead, his expression was solemn as he made a call. "That's right, Director Xie, the people from Number 60 High School have arrived. Three male and two female students, and... a parrot? The teacher leading the team is a fatty. He looks like a fool and doesn't seem to be a threat."

"Mm, I've already received information that he's a history teacher. Likely he doesn't have very much practical strength." A relatively cold voice sounded on the line.

After saying this, Director Xie hung up the phone and patched through to the Student Union Office. She said gravely, "Little Tang, they have arrived. Make sure you follow the plan and take good care of them."





Chapter 30 When Two Women Do Battle, Someone Is Going to Die


Anyone who went online to dig out the black pasts of Number 60 High School's Director Shi and Number 59 High School's Director Xie would know that these two were old enemies. They were both graduates of Cultivation Normal University, a first-tier cultivation college ranked second only to Ace University and which was attached to the national "211 Universities Project."

After graduating from Cultivation Normal University, these two had worked together for a time at Number 60 High School. Later, Teacher Shi had been elected director of education, while Teacher Xie had been pushed aside by the school and had had to transfer to Number 59 High School.

In the last few years, Number 59 High School had grown very rapidly and Director Xie had continued to rise in her new position. It was impossible that she wouldn't take revenge for being ousted back then.

Hence, the grudge between Number 59 High School and Number 60 High School all these years was actually largely due to the conflict between these two directors of education. Friendship between women could be quickly established with a Chanel flying sword, but once war happened and two swords collided, someone was going to die...

The relationship between the student unions of the two schools was also actually quite disharmonious, just like the one between their directors of education. It was only to be expected that any public or private rivalry between the students would follow the example of their school leaders.

Wang Ling had always felt though that of the three ordinary high schools in Peiyuan district, Number 60 High School's ethos and discipline were pretty good.

Before they reached the main entrance to the teaching building, Wang Ling had already seen from afar a boy about his age, dressed in an old-fashioned, dark brown uniform, slowly stroll out from the building, followed by four other youths.

Among the five boys, the one leading the way with a calm and composed expression was Tang Jingze, President of the Student Union at Number 59 High School and also someone who moved around in various school circles. In particular, it could be said that he knew everything about the three schools in Peiyuan district like the back of his hand. The short, pretty boy standing next to him was Fang Huaqing, Vice President of the Student Union at Number 59 High School. The three individuals behind them were Number 59 High School's three Liang brothers: Liang Wei, Liang Zheng and Liang Fei.

Before attending this exchange meet, Lao Gudong had already researched these people and told his students about them in advance. Although they were meeting for the first time, everyone in the Number 60 High School team already knew everything about them.

Tang Jingze bowed slightly to Lao Gudong. "You must be Lao Gudong? Lao Gudong and fellow students, welcome to Number 59 High School. I will be your host for the next four days. We ask that you forgive us if our hospitality proves unsatisfactory."

This warm greeting instantly set the Number 60 High School team on edge...

Everyone knew what the relationship between the two schools was like. There was no such thing as a free lunch — something was definitely fishy!

Additionally, before this exchange meet between the student unions of the two schools, Number 58 High School had also come to Number 59 High School for the same purpose. According to first-hand information which Lao Gudong had obtained, all the students from Number 58 High School had been completely wiped out in every single exchange meet challenge...

Tang Jingze's eyes swept over everyone somewhat impudently. He had already done his research and knew everything about everyone on the Number 60 High School team.

Big Miss Sun Rong of Huaguo Water Curtain Group... probably the only person on the entire team of six who was truly up to the task of participating in the exchange meet.

After that, the fat Lao Gudong leading the team, who taught the theory of history course...

Student prodigy Lin Xiaoyu...

Sports committee member Chen Chao...

Political science representative Guo Hao...

And...

Bloody hell, wait! This last person... what was his damn name?

"..."

Tang Jingze broke out in a cold sweat... his mind had actually gone blank, and no matter how hard he tried, he just couldn't remember who on earth this last youth with the crew cut was.

This feeling of not being in control of himself made him uneasy.

Had he miscalculated?

No... he had definitely made the necessary preparations before coming here.

However, he couldn't remember a single thing about this youth with a crew cut in front of him.

What the hell was going on?

The truth was that a lot of it had to do with Wang Ling's Great Shielding Spell, which was like a character's passive skill in a game. Since learning this spell at the age of five, he had never deactivated it.

The way the spell specifically worked was that as long as it was activated, any information on him obtained in whatever way before formal face-to-face contact was established would instantly be completely forgotten.

As someone who had already been a school senior for two years and who had been moving around in various school circles since primary school, Tang Jingze could only assume that he had made a mistake, or was suffering a temporary lapse in memory.

Quickly, he clapped his hands with a face wreathed in smiles, and instantly someone brought forth tea that had already been prepared for them. "Now that you are here at our Number 59 High School, you are our guests. When in Rome, do as the Romans do. I wonder if any of the fellow students from Number 60 High School would agree to be a representative and drink this cup of tea as a sign of friendship?"

Lao Gudong took one look at the color of the tea and his eyelid twitched.

Floating indistinctly in the brownish-green tea was some kind of chemical mix which gave off an unpleasant scent. If Lao Gudong had to find an accurate way of describing this feeling, it would be like underwear that hadn't been washed for three hundred days, mixed together with salted fish dried under a scorching sun for forty-nine days, plus a sprinkle of canned herring juice on top.

Number 60 High School's illicit dealer in snacks was an experienced veteran and a huge, unwavering foodie. Seeing how even Lao Gudong looked defeated when faced with this tea, the rest of them immediately knew in their hearts...

— This tea was poisonous.

Furthermore, it was definitely a trap.

Seeing this, Tang Jingze smiled slightly. "This tea is made from a blend of vegetable and fruit juice with a two hundredfold concentration, and has the miraculous effect of strengthening muscles and bones. We wouldn't give it to just anybody. Of course, the smell is a little strange, but for the sake of our school's tradition and as testament to our friendship, don't you think, fellow students from Number 60 High School, that you should be a brave example for your school?"

So it was a vegetable and fruit juice...

Realization instantly dawned on the Number 60 High School team. This was the real fucking poison on the school grounds!

Actually, this thing had a bit of a connection with Huaguo Water Curtain Group, which produced the powder for the vegetable and fruit juice blend.

However, the concentration of the juice which Huaguo Water Curtain Group sold on the market had been precisely calculated. Although Sun Rong wouldn't deny that the taste wasn't great, at least it wasn't to the extent that it was too disgusting to swallow down.

The most crucial thing was that it really had the effect of strengthening one's muscles and bones, as Tang Jingze had mentioned.

The condition, however, was that you had to drink every last drop without throwing up.

Sun Rong had never imagined that this group of people would actually put on airs as soon as they met.

They were clearly completely looking down on her, the Young Miss!

Generally speaking, a tenfold juice concentration was already very hard to swallow down...

A twentyfold concentration could already be hell.

A two hundredfold concentration was completely asking someone to die!

At the back, Fang Huaqing, Liang Wei and the other two people couldn't help snickering silently. Back then, those idiots from Number 58 High School had been anxious to keep up appearances; they had drunk the tea one by one, but had vomited messily and disgracefully at the entrance to the teaching building.

Even if it's tough, you lot from Number 60 High School, what are you going to do about it?

As the mood in the air thickened almost to the point of solidifying, Tang Jingze saw that boy with the crew cut, whose name he didn't know, step forward from where he had been standing silently at the back of the group.

Then.

He picked up the cup of tea.

And drank it in one gulp...





Chapter 31 Samsung Formation Flag


Watched by a group of astounded people, Wang Ling picked up the cup of tea and knocked it back in a bold and self-assured move.

He didn't leave a single drop, nor did he puke; instead, he let loose a long belch, the stench of which was so disgusting that Tang Jingze and the others almost threw up.

Don't misunderstand... Wang Ling didn't intend to act the hero, he just thought that dawdling around like this was a real waste of time.

Wasting time on such trifles was just disgraceful.

In comparison, Wang Ling would rather make full use of the time to study.

The most important reason was that Wang Ling was feeling really worn out after sitting in the bus for so long, when it would have only taken him a few seconds to run from Number 60 High School to Number 59 High School.

That was why he had never gotten used to public transportation.

"Student Wang... are you alright?" Lao Gudong had already received one shock after Wang Ling had shown them his small wooden sword last night. He had never thought that the second one would happen so close on the heels of the first.

Chen Chao and Guo Hao were flabbergasted; even two pure white feathers drifted down from Er Dan the parrot... how the hell could a human endure a two hundredfold concentration of fruit and vegetable juice?!

"Mm, I'm used to it..." Wang Ling wiped his mouth calmly and replied with just a few words, like it wasn't a big deal to him at all.

Wang Ling remembered when he had previously used ancient techniques to concoct body-enhancing potions — those had tasted way more disgusting than this juice. Recalling how in the past, people would choke down a lot of disgusting things for the sake of the smallest progress in cultivation, a two hundredfold concentration of fruit and vegetable juice was really nothing.

It even tasted a little bit sweet to Wang Ling!

...Used ...used to it?!

At Wang Ling's brief four-word reply, an uncontrollable surge of astonishment filled the hearts of everyone present.

Fruit and vegetable juice was sold cheaply on the market as cultivation nutrients. It could be said that they were developed by Huaguo Water Curtain Group specifically for the lower classes. For impoverished people in particular who had high expectations of their children, this juice was their last hope for a better life.

As long as one person in the family could break through to the Foundation Establishment stage, they would receive special supplies from the government. For poor households, this would significantly improve their quality of life.

Sun Rong had been to Wang Ling's home. She knew that it was located in a mixed rural and urban zone right on the fringes of Star city. She had never thought, however, that his family was truly that poor, until he had showed them his small wooden sword. Adding to that the way he had heroically drained the fruit and vegetable juice in one gulp...

As a conscientious individual of the rich second generation, Sun Rong felt that she had to show care and concern for Wang Ling's life.

What kind of boy was he? How was he able to tolerate the taste of the fruit and vegetable juice as a young boy growing up, cultivating step by step to the Foundation Establishment stage through his own efforts, and gain admittance to a downtown high school despite living on the outskirts of the city?

The team from Number 60 High School was completely stunned...

Associating this cup of juice with the hard life Wang Ling must have experienced from a young age, Sun Rong and Lin Xiaoyu couldn't help the tears that pooled in their eyes.

Even Chen Chao and Guo Hao, these strapping young men, were deeply moved.

"..." If things continued like this, Wang Ling felt he might become one of the next Ten People Who Moved The School 1 .

1(This is modelled on China's "Ten People Who Moved The Nation," which is a national award presented to ten individuals who have made important contributions to society in some way.) ...

This so-called juice of friendship was certainly another ploy by Tang Jingze and his posse.

Thanks to it, Sun Rong and the others were finally able to clearly see the nature of this student exchange for what it really was.

Instead of a pretty-sounding exchange between two schools, it might as well just be Number 59 High School's stage for blatantly showing themselves off.

It not only satisfied their vanity but also let them witness how other schools made fools of themselves.

"Luckily Classmate Wang is with us! Otherwise we wouldn't even have passed the first hurdle." Sun Rong sighed silently.

This was going to be a tough battle; no matter what, they had to win!

They were representing the whole of Number 60 High School; whatever challenges they might face, they would not be crushed!

Casting an irate look at the stupefied Tang Jingze and his company, Lin Xiaoyu said resentfully, "Our Classmate Wang Ling has drunk this 'testament to friendship,' can we enter now?" The Number 60 High School team was now crystal clear on the fact that this so-called friendship was nothing more than shit... from the start, this boat of friendship had never left the dock!

"So he is Wang Ling..." Looking at his calm face, Tang Jingze remained silent for a while as he repeated this name over and over in his mind. He had to be on guard against this person in their later plots.

In just a few seconds, Tang Jingze had already considered many issues one after another, including the next few rounds of "special treatment" for their guests.

After all, the fruit and vegetable juice had only been just one of them.

"These distinguished guests from Number 60 High School must be tired after a long trip. Please follow me, I'll help register you." Tang Jingze plastered a fake smile on his face as he showed them in.

Wang Ling followed at the back of the group as always. No sooner had they started up the stairs than they had to listen to Tang Jingze brag about the newly set-up spirit gathering arrays at Number 59 High School. "As you all know, the renovation of our Number 59 High School's teaching building was successfully completed last year thanks to the great efforts of our new director of the school board..."

"New director?"

Guo Hao smirked. "Is that the head of the men's hospital which specializes in circumcision?"

"Puhahahahaha!"

Sun Rong and Lin Xiaoyu burst into laughter in spite of themselves.

The heavy, wicked sound caused Tang Jingze and his posse to sink into a dead silence.

Fuck... this wasn't supposed to happen! Wasn't this group supposed to be furious with envy and hate? Why did it feel like they had already taken two arrows to the knee from the Number 60 High School group 2 ?!

2("And then I took an arrow to the knee" is a line from the game Skyrim which became a popular meme.) "Student Guo, think twice before you speak!" Lao Gudong pretended to clear his throat in a dignified manner, but was secretly chuckling inside. Everyone was young once, and catfights amongst the young were the most fun to watch! In fact, what he enjoyed most was seeing two girls pulling at each other's hair and rolling around on the ground — now that was exciting to watch!

"Yes teacher, it was my fault." Guo Hao was worthy of his reputation — he was well-known for this brazenness in Number 60 High School. He would acknowledge his mistake... while looking not the slightest bit repentant.

"Mm, a fault confessed is already half-redressed. Next time when someone else is speaking, don't interrupt, is that understood?" Lao Gudong nodded, then looked in Tang Jingze's direction. "Alright, what was Student Tang saying just now? Do go on."

Tang Jingze: "..." Lao Gudong's words were yet another stabbing pain to the knee. Even you as the teacher-in-charge didn't listen to anything I just said!

He could only endure the humiliation, and continue showing off...

The corners of Tang Jingze's mouth pulled down as he held back his anger and repeated himself.

"As you all know, the renovation of our Number 59 High School's teaching building was successfully completed last year thanks to the great efforts of the new director of the school board. Our eight-story teaching building now has a spirit gathering array installed on every floor. After entering the building, can everyone feel the boundless spirit energy around us, and even how the air is much cleaner and fresher?"

"Really?" Chen Chao tried gathering spirit energy and letting it run through his body, after which he furrowed his brow. "Strange, I feel nothing special."

Assuming this was jealousy, Tang Jingze was about to retort, only to see Sun Rong shake her head. "There really is nothing, it's no different to the spirit energy outside."

Fang Huaqing nudged Tang Jingze gently. "President, is there something wrong with the spirit gathering arrays?"

Something wrong? How could that be possible, the spirit gathering arrays were checked daily; how could something happen to them so easily?

"Have they been deactivated? Go and check!"

Tang Jingze almost forgot himself as he yelled at Liang Wei and the other two behind him.

At this critical moment, how could something go wrong? He was only halfway through showing off!

A moment later, Liang Wei hurried back breathlessly. "President..."

"What the hell is going on?"

"A teacher from the engineering department said that the core formation flags for the spirit gathering arrays exploded for unknown reasons, all eight of them..."

"..." At the news, it felt like ten thousand grass mud horses were galloping through Tang Jingze's mind.

Twice now, he had actually been smacked right in the face by his pretentious ploys!

In that moment, Tang Jingze felt unbelievable pain in his knee.

Guo Hao laughed his head off. "HAHAHA a core formation flag can actually explode? This is the first time I've heard of it. Seems like the quality of your formation flag wasn't much, don't tell me it was manufactured by Samsung 3 ?"

3(This is a reference to the major issue which Samsung had with several of their device models exploding) The greatest pain was not being pierced in the knee, but that when a person was already down in agony, Guo Hao gave the knife a final twist.

Crack ! —

It was as if everyone present could already hear Tang Jingze's knee shattering.

...

Standing innocently at the back of the crowd, Wang Ling cast a gloomy look at Number 59 High School's grand eight-story teaching building and heaved a deep sigh.

It looked like the strength of the talisman seal on his arm had weakened even further. In the past, his spirit energy would certainly impact the magnetic field of a spirit gathering array, but not to the point of destroying its core formation flag. Now that the power of the talisman seal was steadily deteriorating, it was becoming increasingly harder to contain himself.

Of course, Wang Ling was doing his utmost to restrain himself.

But he couldn't do anything about the overflow of his spirit energy, especially now that the talisman seal was steadily deteriorating.

The pitiful one was that circumcision director of the school board; setting up eight consecutive spirit gathering arrays would have cost an arm and a leg.

And now they had all exploded... even Wang Ling couldn't guess how many foreskins the director would have to cut to recoup the loss.





Chapter 32 A Mysterious Force from the East


Located behind the teaching building, Number 59 High School's dormitory was also newly-built with four stories and could accommodate four people in each room. Each floor had one washroom and ten bedrooms, and the building could hold up to one hundred and sixty students.

Walking ahead of them, Tang Jingze led the team from Number 60 High School inside.

So the spirit gathering arrays in the teaching building weren't working — no matter! The ones in the new dormitory were also newly-built! They were laid in the same structure as the ones in the teaching building, four circular spirit gathering arrays with one on each floor. The higher the floor, the more powerful the array!

No matter what, he had to show these bumpkins from Number 60 High School the joint might of the circular spirit gathering arrays!

Lost in thought, Tang Jingze stepped past the school dormitory's automatic gate, then rapidly activated spirit energy and cycled it once through his body.

Soon after, he heaved a long sigh of relief.

He could clearly sense the vast reserves of spirit energy around them, which meant that the spirit gathering arrays were functioning at the moment! Very good, there should be no problems after this...

Delighted, Tang Jingze waved the team from Number 60 High School inside with fully undisguised pomposity.

It was at this moment that Wang Ling, at the back of the group, walked through the gate...

At the same time, a heavy thud resounded throughout the building.

Then.

The spirit gathering arrays at Number 59 High School's dormitory...

Exploded, just like that...

"..."

At that moment, Tang Jingze could no longer hold back his impulse to curse.

...

Tang Jingze had to be supported by the three young masters of the Liang Family as they returned to the Student Union Office.

"President..." No one had ever seen Tang Jingze dazed like this.

They had adopted the same strategy with those people from Number 58 High School a few weeks ago. When they had entered the dormitory to register, Tang Jingze had played a little trick on them which they hadn't been able to resolve.

But the situation now was upside down. Tang Jingze thumped the table furiously. "The senior who set up the school's new spirit gathering arrays previously said that they would last ten years or so. It hasn't even been one year, how can they all blow up in one day?"

"..." Fang Huaqing, Liang Wei and the others also felt it was a little strange.

"There's something unusual about the Number 60 High School team... President, how about we just leave it be?" Liang Wei suggested softly.

"Leave it be??" Tang Jingze sneered. How could he leave it be?! He had been completely slapped in the face three times today! Once at the entrance to the teaching building, another time in the teaching building itself, and yet another time in the school dormitory!

Tang Jingze had never felt this useless and vexed in his whole life; from primary school to middle school, he had always been the class leader and president of the student union, the top dog in social circles inside and outside the school — they were just a bunch of country bumpkins, he would definitely find some way to deal with them!

He consoled himself with this thought.

...

Although the school dormitory was new, Number 59 High School was only going to officially open it next year. At present, there were only six students, including Wang Ling, staying in this massive four-story school dorm.

A room had been arranged for the two girls Sun Rong and Lin Xiaoyu at the end of the corridor. Wang Ling, the other three people, and a parrot, would be staying next door.

It was Wang Ling's first time sharing a room and space with other people for the night — and it was going to be for three whole nights...

Just thinking about it gave Wang Ling a real headache. Previously, in case of something unforeseen happening, Wang Ling had always done his utmost to avoid this sort of situation.

"What happened today was really a little strange; was it really by chance?" The dorm was equipped with loft beds that had tables underneath them. Chen Chao casually jumped up onto a bed, swinging his swarthy legs back and forth as he asked the question.

"It was beyond explanation." Lao Gudong shook his head.

Although it was the scientific age of cultivation, there were still some things that science couldn't explain.

Like what happened today... who could have predicted that the twelve new spirit gathering arrays which Number 59 High School had set up less than a year ago would all blow up?

Furthermore, Lao Gudong didn't think that these arrays had been shoddily built at all, since in the last few years, Huaxiu nation had been cracking down heavily on poor workmanship.

For example, shortly after well-known international brand Nike had released their newest limited-edition flying sword, a public complaint had been filed in Chaoyang district of Songhai city that the sword's hilt didn't contain the shock-absorbing air cushion as advertised!

In the end, Nike had been fined a billion yuan by the Consumer Product Safety Office as a severe warning to others.

There were plenty of companies which specialized in laying down spirit gathering arrays in schools. Compared with manufacturing limited-edition flying swords, the overall costs for setting up a spirit gathering array were way lower. Yet if they truly received a fine, Lao Gudong felt that no company would be able to bear the huge penalty.

Who would dare challenge the government on its "shut down and eliminate counterfeits" stance during this critical time?

"Does Student Wang Ling have an opinion on this?" Lao Gudong looked at Wang Ling and asked.

"..." Wang Ling hadn't expected Lao Gudong to pass the question to him.

He had been feeling a little guilty, and in this situation, if he didn't say something... wouldn't that obviously look a little strange?

Therefore, after calmly giving it careful consideration, Wang Ling said what was likely the longest sentence he had ever spoken in his life, "Maybe it was a mysterious force from the east 1 ..."

1(This is like a catchphrase used to describe something unique or amazing to come out of China.) After that, everyone was lost in enigmatic thought. "..."

...

It was the third week of school, and half past one on Tuesday.

Sun Rong knocked gently on the door of the adjacent room; she had specially come to inform them of a student union exchange activity at two o'clock.

As the teacher-in-charge, Lao Gudong was mainly responsible for their safety and that important spirit sword exchange meet. As the class monitor, Sun Rong would handle everything else.

It was worth mentioning that she was fairly efficient at getting things done. Whatever arrangements she made would definitely be carried out flawlessly. Because of that, the team didn't have to worry, and could leave everything to her.

"Is everyone resting?" Sun Rong whispered.

Lao Gudong, who was normally lazy outside of office hours, had actually decided not to take a nap, and instead was making a lot of plans for the grand finale, the spirit sword exchange meet.

He jerked a thumb at the three sleeping boys and gestured for her to be quiet. "You can let me know what's going on."

"The first student union exchange activity will take place in Room 2002 at two o'clock," Sun Rong whispered.

"Alright, Student Sun Rong, I'll wake them up in a bit." Lao Gudong nodded.

"Mm!" She blinked and glanced curiously around the guys' dormitory; the bed closest to the door was Wang Ling's.

Right then, Wang Ling was lying supine on the bed with one arm under his head as he slept peacefully. His long eyelashes, steady breathing, and the slight tilt to the corners of his mouth... it looked like he was having a good dream.

It was the first time that Sun Rong had seen Wang Ling's sleeping face, and it was completely different from his normally serious and taciturn expression in class.

"Classmate Wang Ling is so cute!" Sun Rong's thoughts were sweet.





Chapter 33 Sun Rong's Domain


Shortly after Sun Rong left, Wang Ling woke up.

He swore he had just wanted to close his eyes for a bit; he hadn't expected to actually sleep so soundly — what a real blunder!

But at the same time, Wang Ling fell into deep thought — how long had it been since he had actually truly slept?

Calculating roughly, he had probably stopped sleeping properly altogether when he turned five or six years old.

At his current realm, he didn't need to sleep at all; a moment's meditation was enough to instantly replenish his vigor.

For Wang Ling, nothing was more familiar to him than the Wang family's small villa. After all, he had been living there for sixteen years, but even then he didn't dare sleep so easily there.

He thought himself a very vigilant person.

So how on earth had he fallen asleep in this utterly unfamiliar environment?

As the thoughts spun in his mind, Wang Ling couldn't help recalling a scientific report he had read before. Its general gist was: "If you can fall asleep quickly in an unfamiliar environment, it's proof that something in the environment is a source of warmth and safety for you."

He was now almost sure that this report had to be false...

— What a joke!

These were all people he had to be the most wary of!

Wang Ling rubbed his face roughly and sighed inwardly.

Luckily he hadn't slept for very long this time, nor had it been a deep sleep, otherwise who knew what awful consequences there might have been...

Because Wang Ling knew he had a habit of snoring as soon as he entered deep sleep.

The force of his snores in deep sleep was on par with the power of a Tomahawk cruise missile.

This suddenly reminded Wang Ling of a nursery rhyme...

The sun is shining in the sky~ The flowers are smiling at me~ A little bird says morning morning morning~ Why are you carrying an explosive?

I am going to school~ The teachers have no clue~ I shall run once the string is pulled~ School will disappear with a boom~

The main point of this nursery rhyme was the last sentence: School will disappear with a boom ...

For others, this nursery rhyme might be just a joke.

But for Wang Ling, it really wasn't a joke at all...

...

Lao Gudong left after leading Wang Ling and the other two boys to the teaching building for the student exchange meet in the afternoon. He didn't go far, however, as he was responsible for their safety.

The student exchange meet, as its name suggested, was an activity for the students. So apart from Lao Gudong, there were no other teachers taking part in the meet. The students would interact and discuss with each other of their own accord, so that they could create happy tension and ignite sparks of wisdom through an enjoyable exchange.

Sun Rong and Lin Xiaoyu had arrived at the venue early on. As Wang Ling and the other two entered the classroom, they saw familiar faces from that morning.

What was different was that the faces were all black: Tang Jingze's, Fang Huaqing's, Liang Wei's, and his two younger brothers Liang Zheng's and Liang Fei's...

After all, in less than half a day, their twelve spirit gathering arrays had already blown up. None of these guys would have a happy face on.

Actually, right before this student exchange activity, Director Xie had already called Tang Jingze to her office to fully and directly berate him for an hour. As soon as he had been released from the office, he had had to come here to preside over the meeting. Wang Ling felt that this really was tough on him...

The multimedia classroom they were using could hold up to two hundred people. Tang Jingze sat on the dais with the vice president Fang Huaqing next to him.

The first row of seats in the classroom had been specially set aside for the Number 60 High School team as the guests.

The second row onward were all occupied by Number 59 High School students who were voluntarily attending the meeting.

The group from Number 60 High School sat quietly and waited for the meeting to officially begin.

One after another, people continued to enter the classroom until there weren't any seats left. Even then they didn't stop pouring in... what was more, the rate at which people were coming in was steadily increasing...

Wang Ling saw that there were even quite a few who had directly brought in small wooden stools with them as they took over the aisles. Some even sat floating in the air on flying carpets...

Seeing how the classroom was becoming full to two times its capacity, Tang Jingze's face grew even darker, and he turned his head to look at Fang Huaqing next to him. "I told Liang Wei to look for a background audience, but not this many! We're holding a meeting, not a concert!"

"We really didn't recruit anyone this time, they volunteered," Fang Huaqing whispered, feeling very aggrieved.

"Volunteered? For what?" Tang Jingze felt it was inconceivable.

It had been like a barren land when the people from Number 58 High School came a few weeks ago! It had been so bare that even Director Xie couldn't stand it anymore, and had forced students from several classes to act as a background audience.

Fang Huaqing sighed deeply, helplessly eyeing Sun Rong sitting in the first row... what else? Of course it was to get a glimpse of Sun Rong, the Young Miss of Huaguo Water Curtain Group, the Nation's School Beauty! Just because of these titles, Number 59 High School had already gone crazy long before she came to the school...

This was also the reason why the school hadn't announced exactly when the Number 60 High School delegation would arrive. Otherwise, Fang Huaqing felt that Tang Jingze wouldn't even have had the opportunity to offer them the fruit and vegetable juice.

It was clear that people had finally received confirmation that the group from Number 60 High School had arrived.

From senior grade one to grade three, almost all the boys in Number 59 High School were running riot.

Hence the scene in front of them now...

"Classmate Sun Rong, I want to have children with you!"

"Classmate Sun Rong, I want to sing you a song!"

"I am drinking alone! I wish my girl was with me together!"

"Eyes fixed on each other alone! I only want to be with Sun Rong forever!"

Sun Rong: "..."

Shit! Tang Jingze gritted his teeth. "Throw this MC out!"

Fang Huaqing: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

Wang Ling, Chen Chao and the others had never thought that Sun Rong's impact outside school would actually be this potent.

Although she was in Number 60 High School, Sun Rong was the pinnacle of all school beauties that couldn't be surpassed. Every single time she walked through the school grounds, riots would inevitably break out...

Guo Hao had even given this phenomenon a name, "Sun Rong's Domain."

Wang Ling realized that this sphere of influence didn't work on everyone, but it still had a considerable impact on regular passersby.

"That is just like Classmate Sun Rong! The godly power of Sun Rong's Domain has truly brought us glory!"

As her classmates, Chen Chao, Lin Xiaoyu and Guo Hao were all full of sincere pride.

"Everyone, please settle down..." It was a chaotic scene. Tang Jingze couldn't take it anymore and yelled into the microphone.

His voice was very loud, thanks to the specialized Hermes microphone in his hand, and it resounded in every corner of the two-hundred seat classroom.

The situation still couldn't be controlled... almost every male student at Number 59 High School was lost in heated discussion on Sun Rong, with no sign of stopping at all!

"Everyone, please settle down!" Tang Jingze enunciated each word, his face already completely black as pickled cucumber.

Again, his words didn't have much of a positive effect. Conversely, not only did the noise in the classroom not subside, it actually grew a little louder.

Tang Jingze: "..." Damn it!

"Everyone... I have to trouble you to please be quiet!" Tang Jingze said a third time, his stern voice carrying a slight warning.

This time, under pressure from the president of the student union, the noise at the scene did subside a little. But a bare second later... the rowdy voices broke noise limits, and even reached new heights!

Tang Jingze: "..." Fuck!

"Everyone, I beg of you... please settle down!"

This was already the fourth time he was yelling at them to stop!

Judging from Tang Jingze's aggrieved and despairing cries...

This guy was most likely about to go insane...

...

On the side, Chen Chao shook his head. "Tragic! Too tragic!"

Guo Hao couldn't help letting out a sigh. "'People scattered by a torn land; the country no longer belonging to its men'... the grand president of the student union in name only, how sad..."

Lin Xiaoyu tsk ed softly. "Do you know what it means to lose your wits? This is it!"

Sun Rong: "..."





Chapter 34 The Ongoing Might of Sun Rong's Domain


According to the student union's typical arrangement at Number 59 High School, after Tang Jingze's speech, a representative from among the invited guests would wrap up the meeting in the final segment.

But actually, none of them had been able to clearly hear what Tang Jingze had said...

Because before the allotted hour was up, this exchange meeting had already been out of control for fifty minutes, leaving him only five minutes to speak. Furthermore, it wasn't five minutes of solemn silence, but filled with the drone of voices, like the incessant buzzing of a fly around his ear.

Had it been a usual meeting, Tang Jingze would have blown up much earlier on. But now, in the presence of people from another school, he had to bear the humiliation and swallow his anger in order to preserve his dignity as the president of the student union.

With five minutes left to the end of the meeting, Tang Jingze looked at his watch, only to find that he hadn't even gotten through a thirtieth of his meticulously planned speech!

Gritting his teeth, he looked at Sun Rong. "Then, let us invite the representative of Number 60 High School, Classmate Sun Rong, to say a few words."

Thunderous applause filled the classroom.

Knowing that it was Sun Rong's turn to speak, the hot-blooded boys of Number 59 High School quickly quietened down after gallantly clapping for her.

It was silent enough to hear a pin drop...

Tang Jingze was so infuriated he almost spit up blood... he had spent fifty minutes struggling to contain the situation, but lost out to the name "Sun Rong"! ...Fuck!

He stood up and moved a few steps to the side, promptly pressing a button to broadcast Sun Rong's voice to every corner of the school. Every single time she became tongue-tied would be recorded and later used as the butt of watercooler jokes.

Heh, there's still five minutes left! Let's see what rubbish sentiment you can pull out!

Sun Rong calmly walked onto the dais and flipped her hair back. Even at that distance, Wang Ling could detect a whiff of fragrance.

She bowed slightly to the students below her with full confidence, then sat down with easy grace in the seat which Tang Jingze had vacated. Adjusting her tone, she said softly, "Hello everyone, I am the Vice President of the Student Union at Number 60 High School and class monitor of Grade One, Class Three, Sun Rong."

This was completely unlike her usual tone; she had clearly been trained! A gentle and sweet voice mixed with a faint broadcasting style, the movements of her lips and teeth, every frown and every smile... it was only the opening remarks, but the audience was already silently enveloped in her voice.

It wasn't just the students of Number 59 High School; even Wang Ling and the others froze for a second.

"I never expected Classmate Sun Rong's voice to be so beautiful when she gets serious."

"She deserves to be the Nation's School Beauty, this is just like a voice actor!"

Below the dais, the students from Number 59 High School started to whisper to one another.

Sun Rong smiled faintly and continued, "It is an honor for our Number 60 High School delegation to be invited to the student exchange meet at Number 59 High School. In the last fifty minutes, Classmate Tang Jingze has set us a good example as the President of the Student Union at Number 59 High School..."

The corners of Tang Jingze and Fang Huaqing's mouths pulled down in spite of themselves — this was laying it on too thick!

Chen Chao, Guo Hao, and Lin Xiaoyu already couldn't help sniggering.

Wang Ling still tried to maintain a straight face. He had to admit, though... Sun Rong's voice when she was being serious was indeed nice to listen to.

Sun Rong wasn't in a hurry as she spoke in a pleasant and captivating manner. "Both sides have engaged in friendly conversation in meetings. We've exchanged opinions and enhanced mutual understanding. The talks were beneficial, and I believe we did our Number 60 High School proud. Likewise, we also respect Number 59 High School's views and admire Classmate Tang Jingze's contribution toward safeguarding the school environment."

Outside the teaching building, Lao Gudong couldn't help snickering as he heard the broadcast, eyes crinkling into thin slits.

After all, she was the successor nurtured by Huaguo Water Curtain Group. Her deadpan and indirect approach in ruthlessly criticizing Number 59 High School was too brilliant!

Sun Rong had indeed been trained in broadcasting, which was a compulsory component of Huaguo Water Curtain Group's family business management matters. She had been educated in these types of business management areas from a very young age.

She had already received a national language certificate from Huaxiu nation in relation to the field of broadcasting. Not only did she have a sweet voice and even pacing, she was also able to adapt quickly to any situation. Tang Jingze had wanted to make things difficult for Sun Rong here, but he was obviously nothing compared with her.

Every skilled broadcaster had a stopwatch in their minds, and could increase or decrease their pacing by precisely calculating the time.

Of course, it was the same for Sun Rong.

Estimating that she had less than thirty seconds left, Sun Rong smiled faintly and started to wind up. "Meanwhile, we are deeply sorry for Number 59 High School's loss of twelve spirit gathering arrays in a day...

"I hope that in the future, there will be more interaction between our two schools to enhance our friendship and to make greater contributions toward the mutual and harmonious development of our students!!"

Dinglingling ! — The dismissal bell rang, signaling the end of the third class in the afternoon.

Sun Rong had spoken for exactly five minutes, not a minute more and not a minute less.

"Thank you everyone!" She released a sigh, straightened her back and gave another bow. Each action was so perfect that no one could find fault with any of them.

Tang Jingze then heard vigorous applause papapapa resound throughout the classroom. Even teachers in the office listening to the broadcast couldn't help clapping. Even if they had no idea what was happening at the meeting venue, everyone who heard Sun Rong's speech would assume that this exchange meeting had been a great success!

In the meeting venue, almost all the boys stood up to cheer and clap for her.

"Although I don't know what Classmate Sun Rong was talking about, it was still so cool!"

"Damn! In comparison, our president was Runtu 1 !"

1(Runtu is a character in the Chinese novel 'My Old Home' by well-known writer Luxun. The story is told in the first-person, and tells of how the protagonist returns from the city to the countryside where he grew up, and of the sharp contrasts between him and his childhood friend, country boy Runtu, after so many years.) "Goddess Sun Rong has such a beautiful voice! Why the heck did they give so much time to Tang Jingze that guy, that was just a waste of life! I strongly beg the goddess to come back for meetings at Number 59 High School!"

This was the might of the ongoing impact of Sun Rong's domain...

Once it started to take effect, it could influence ninety-five percent of the people within its range.

Although not everyone bought into Sun Rong's impact, Wang Ling felt that in some sense, this ability to "devour" both women and men was beyond even cultivation realms, it was too powerful.

On one side, with Sun Rong at its center, the room was bright and clear.

On the other side, dark clouds hung over the heads of Tang Jingze and the others...

Wang Ling felt that those faces could not get any blacker — they were just like stale pork liver that had been further stamped upon by dirty, wet galoshes.

It was his own school and he was the president of the student union, yet Tang Jingze had been humiliated in his own territory by people from another school.

He ground his teeth in hatred. No matter what, he would surely pay the people from Number 60 High School back double for the game which he had lost today.

After all, this was just the first day!

There were still three more days to go...

Tang Jingze still refused to admit defeat.





Chapter 35 Number 60 Demolition Squad and the Pengci Gang


At dusk, Tang Jingze was writing a report in the Student Union Office with a face full of bitterness and resentment —"Concerning the Main Errors Made and a Critical Self-Reflection on the First Day of the Exchange Meet with Number 60 High School."

It was a full three thousand-word report on the exchange meet and a five thousand-word critical self-reflection which he couldn't type out, but had to write by hand! He couldn't go home until he got it done! — Motherfucker, he had never been made to stay back by a teacher before in his entire life!

Tang Jingze furiously snapped the pen in his hand and the ink splattered all over Fang Huaqing's face.

With a helpless expression, Fang Huaqing took out a wet tissue to wipe his face. "Boss, that was pen number thirty-two you just broke. You don't have to take your anger out on it... it's still school property protected under management regulations on school property and public facilities."

"There's something abnormal about the group from Number 60 High School!"

"..."

Faced with Tang Jingze's roar, Fang Huaqing buried his face in his hands, head aching.

According to the response from the school's engineering department, apart from the twelve spirit gathering arrays which had exploded, the rest of the school's public facilities had also been damaged in varying degrees.

From small ones like the newly refurbished broadcasting equipment...

To big ones like the holographic projectors in the computer room...

Although none of them had been as thoroughly destroyed as the spirit gathering arrays, problems such as screens going black and equipment failing to start up for unknown reasons had all happened at the same time.

In the one brief day since the Number 60 High School team's arrival, Number 59 High School had suffered disastrous losses.

These included damage to forty percent of the school's public facilities!

Flipping through the damage report, Tang Jingze took a deep breath. "Shit, they didn't come for the exchange, but to demolish us!"

He was even suspicious about whether this group of people from Number 60 High School had been brought up in some demolition office!

On the side, Liang Wei frowned. "I heard that they might be hanging around Student Street later. Should I look for someone to get even with them?"

Get even? How? Tang Jingze rolled his eyes.

Dealing with Sun Rong inside the school was all well and good, but it was now after school hours. Tang Jingze realized he had no countermeasures at all.

The grand Young Miss of Huaguo Water Curtain Group was always protected by hidden bodyguards. After the incident in the Xiao Family Compound and Shadow Stream's assassination attempt in particular, the bodyguard team would likely have been reorganized and further enhanced. The hidden bodyguards around Sun Rong were just like the Kingsoft AntiVirus program — impossible to get rid of! Even a fly wouldn't stand a chance of getting close to her.

"This is a tough target, but we don't have to aim at her."

Liang Wei thought for a bit before saying, "Based on the data we collected on the others, Chen Chao is actually a rich second generation; Guo Hao's family might own a pet shop, but they seem to have a bit of a political background; and Lin Xiaoyu appears to be very close with Sun Rong, so would be tough to deal with. The only one left is..."

Hearing this, Tang Jingze gritted his teeth. "The only one left is the pretty boy who drank the fruit and vegetable juice!"

"Mm, this person doesn't have much of a background. His family lives on the outskirts of the city, and seems to be very poor. He only brought a wooden sword to the spirit sword exchange meet this time..."

"Then it has to be him!" Tang Jingze thumped the desk.

Among the five there was this one soft persimmon 1 ! Anyone would know that you squash the soft persimmon first! Who would go looking for a durian?!

1(A "soft persimmon" refers to someone who is a pushover.) At the same time elsewhere, Wang Ling couldn't help sneezing.

...

They were free to do what they liked at night. After having dinner in the canteen, everyone from Number 60 High School planned to walk around Student Street, which wasn't far from Number 59 High School. Since the school dormitory hadn't yet officially opened, the caretaker passed the entrance access card to Sun Rong before she hurriedly got off work to go home and feed her child.

Wang Ling was initially going to decline to join them, but just as he was about to, his eyelid started twitching like crazy and didn't go back to normal until he had completely given up on his original intention.

Fine, it looked like he couldn't escape going.

Whenever he struggled with a difficult choice, Wang Ling usually judged the accuracy of his decisions by the twitching of his eyelid.

But this also carried a risk, since this passive "twitching eyelid warning" ability could only be used to judge current choices. It was unable to predict what would happen as they were out strolling through the streets — if something unexpected were to occur, Wang Ling wasn't going to be able to foresee what it was at all.

Lao Gudong was a lazy man, so he had no intention of joining them. After walking them to the school gate, he gave each person a spirit talisman. "Students, this is a summoning talisman. If you run into any trouble, you can summon me at any time. Student Sun Rong will lead the team; try to stay together as much as you can. Come back early when you're done."

"Okay, thank you, Lao Gudong. We're just going for a stroll, we'll be back soon." They accepted the spirit talismans and nodded in unison.

Lao Gudong nodded without saying anything else.

Before they had gotten more than ten meters ahead, Lao Gudong tilted his head slightly and his voice rang out behind them. "Oh, by the way, I heard that there's a gang which specializes in 'pengci' on Student Street, everyone be careful."

...A gang specializing in pengci? Everyone was taken aback.

In every way, this was like a warning flag to Wang Ling!

Sure enough, not long after Lao Gudong's warning, Wang Ling's eyelid started to twitch on cue!

...Disaster level, two stars.

...

It was hard to be a person, and even harder to be a low-key person.

Wang Ling had never wanted to put himself forward as a hero. As someone who was always faced with all kinds of challenges and disasters, it already wasn't easy for him to steadfastly complete his remaining studies.

Student Street was pretty close to Number 59 High School, and for a group of Foundation Establishment students, it took twenty minutes to get there on foot.

Also, for the sake of avoiding the ill-willed Pengci Gang, no one dared to ride the bicycles that were available along the road through the "Immortal Bike" app 2 .

2(This is a play on a current "Smart Bike" app in China, used for bike-sharing services that have sprung up in the country, whereby app users can locate and unlock a nearby bicycle for use, and then park the bicycle anywhere at the end of their trip.) Everyone was strolling along the street when Guo Hao suddenly said, "Actually, I've heard a bit about the background of this Pengci Gang."

Hearing this, Wang Ling flattened his lips silently, his expression remaining indifferent — is there anything on earth that you, Guo Hao, don't know?

"Members of the Pengci Gang consist mostly of unemployed old men and women in their seventies or eighties. After the nation strictly prohibited dancing in public squares 3 , more and more of the elderly were incited by unsavory people to join the gang!"

3(In China, middle-aged and elderly people gathering together to dance to music in public areas like parks or squares have stirred up controversy with complaints that they are being noisy public nuisances.) "..."

"I still remember when the gang was first set up across the country, and the cultivation police hadn't taken any notice of them at all. They were all a bunch of old people, and the majority of them were thrill-seekers."

"Thrill-seekers?" Hearing this, there was no one who wasn't astounded.

These days, there were plenty of wild, trouble-prone kids who enjoyed extreme sports. Who could have expected these elderly people, who should've been living like kings and queens in retirement homes and pursuing their twilight loves, to actually join this "thrill-seeking" group.

The wild kids of the past had grown into the wild elderly of today...

After careful consideration, Wang Ling felt that there was nothing wrong with that.

Guo Hao said, "Actually, they don't care about money at all. If they can extort money, they will. If they can't, they'll just return it obediently. At worst, they'll just be detained for a bit as a lesson to them before being released. It's just that in the last two years, the Pengci Gang has grown at a crazy speed, and can almost rival the Han Family Army and Wang Family Army! The Student Street branch seems to have expanded recently."

"..." Sure enough, that damned dancing in public squares was the source of this disaster!

At this point, they had already arrived at the start of the street.

Multi-colored street lights illuminated the hustle and bustle of Student Street in front of them. It had everything a student needed, from snack stands to stationery stores and even game centers which offered students additional recreational activities.

On Student Street, the stuff sold at the snack stands were really inexpensive and you could eat your fill without spending a lot of money. What was more, as long as you could produce your student ID, you could basically enjoy more than ninety percent of the recreational activities at half-price.

The three schools in Peiyuan district in fact all had Student Streets, but the one nearest to Number 59 High School was the largest!

"This is just heaven!" Chen Chao already couldn't contain his excitement.

He had seen a pair of limited edition air cushion athletic shoes online previously that was only sold on Student Street, and thought that perhaps he would be able to find a design he liked here!

Sun Rong simply wanted to go for a walk to stay in shape and maintain her figure.

Lin Xiaoyu was more concerned about whether The Daily Life of A High School Fudanshi 1 manga had been updated with new chapters.

2(A "fudanshi" is the male equivalent of "fujoshi," so refers to guys who are fans of romantic relationships between men.) Eyeing the main road with calm composure, Guo Hao determinedly patted his chest. "Don't worry, everyone, as long as we don't use any type of transportation, there won't be any problems."

"..."

Wang Ling was a bit flustered... what kind of strange warning flag was this?!

But almost as soon as Guo Hao had finished speaking, it seemed to Wang Ling that he could already sense traces of a dangerous "old woman" aura in the air...





Chapter 36 Pengci Gang, Peiyuan District Branch


After receiving the assignment from Liang Wei, the old lady from the Pengci Gang had been lying in wait behind a tree for a long while. The instant the people from Number 60 High School drew near, she straightaway locked her eyes on Wang Ling in the crowd.

She was just an ordinary old lady without any cultivation. Because of her aging and slack skin, her thick eyelids were completely creased and drooped to cover most of her eyes.

However, this little obstruction to her vision wouldn't stop her from committing pengci.

Wang Ling was the pengci target indicated by the client, and the experienced old Madam Dong had practised her expertise perfectly for years.

Madam Dong was one of the four elders of the Peiyuan district branch of the Pengci Gang. She didn't have any cultivation, but she was able to become a chief elder of the gang after so many years, recognized by handsome old men and pretty old ladies alike, so she definitely had outstanding abilities of some sort.

First of all, Madam Dong had incredible eyesight.

She was over seventy years old, but she still had eyes like a hawk. It was an ability which those ordinary, long-sighted old men and women revered! In a crowd of people, she could quickly lock onto the pengci target indicated by a client and perfectly execute her objective.

Secondly, when she was young, Madam Dong had actually been a top student... of course, she herself didn't think it was anything worth bragging about. But it was precisely because of this that she could consolidate her position as an elder.

The moment Wang Ling came into sight, Madam Dong immediately calculated the speed and distance between them.

She estimated that there was twenty meters between them. Currently, Wang Ling was walking at a speed of six meters per second... so, she just needed to jump out from behind the tree at a speed of four meters per second at the same time...

...

As a result, after two seconds...

Everybody saw an old woman hobble toward Wang Ling, throw away the walking stick in her hand with a clatter and grab onto the leg of his pants, her body twitching and her face full of pain.

Wang Ling hadn't expected to really encounter a pengci fraudster. He remembered when he had gone through the Gate Between Worlds to rescue Old Li — the demons that had touched him had all been reduced to ashes. A lot of his power was being constrained by the quickly deteriorating talisman seal on his arm, plus the old woman didn't have much strength. Otherwise, if this had happened a couple of days later, when the talisman seal expired for real...

In his heart, Wang Ling was thinking that this old lady would probably be instantly reduced to fine powder...

Of course, Wang Ling had no intention of helping her up, since he had never been able to control the strength in his hands. Besides, this old lady had no cultivation at all; it would be bad if he wasn't careful, and tore her arms off.

"Old grandmother, are you okay?" Sun Rong crouched down and asked in a soft voice.

Although everyone from Number 60 High School were well aware that this old lady had deliberately committed pengci... the rule in a civilized society had always been that the weak are always right.

In this Spirit Energy Information era, cultivators now typically had access to a quality education — who would dare commit pengci at a cultivator's feet?

The old lady could consider herself lucky that she hadn't been chopped up by a sword!

She acted very realistically; for a long time, she twitched madly on the ground without uttering a single word, as if she was having an epileptic fit.

It was only until Sun Rong and Lin Xiaoyu had repeatedly asked more than ten times if she was alright that the old lady turned around trembling and pointed weakly at Wang Ling, gasping for breath. "You! You..."

"???" Guo Hao and Chen Chao were dumbfounded, wearing black expressions like question marks on their faces.

Nowadays, the Pengci Gang's acting skills were certainly pretty good. But it appeared that they weren't very dedicated to their work! The pengci elderly used to spare no effort to throw themselves under the wheels of a car. But forget a car, there wasn't even a two-wheeled bicycle here. She actually had the gall to accuse Wang Ling to his face of knocking her down in broad moonlight?

Guo Hao curled his lip. "This old grandmother, please be reasonable. Since we're not using any means of transport, how can you say that my classmate knocked you down?"

If the person committing pengci had been an ordinary old man or woman, they might have withered in the face of Guo Hao's derisive inquiry.

But as an elder of the Peiyuan district branch of the Pengci Gang, Madam Dong was worthy of her name. It was her exceptional pengci style that distinguished her from the rest. Seeing her composed expression, the group from Number 60 High School understood...

...Clearly, this old lady was already a seasoned veteran.

Confronted with Guo Hao's noteworthy question, Madam Dong just sat stock still on the ground before slowly pointing feebly at Wang Ling. "It was him... he assaulted me with spiritual pressure!"

"..."

Spiritual pressure assault...

Realization instantly dawned on everyone — fuck! This was the new pengci ruse!

Guo Hao rested his forehead heavily in his hand. Sure enough, the older the ginger, the spicier it was! Who would have thought that there would be someone who would come up with this pengci strategy?

"How about we just call the police?" Lin Xiaoyu was thoroughly at a loss.

"Call the police?" Madam Dong hummed. "Do you know how many people our Pengci Gang has? As long as this student compensates me, I'll let it go."

"How much do you want then?" Sun Rong sighed. Anything that could be solved with money wasn't a problem for her.

The old lady stretched out a palm. "I don't want much, just five million..."

Five million...

Although it wasn't a huge sum to Sun Rong, it wasn't something she could come up with straightaway.

She could already tell... this wasn't just a simple case of pengci — this old lady was deliberately making trouble for them!

"Why don't you just go and rob someone?!" Chen Chao couldn't take it anymore.

Only after he said it did he realize...

That was what she was doing right now! Robbing them blind, to boot!

Before they could recover from their shock, she pointed at Wang Ling again. "Also, I'll only accept compensation from this student and no one else. We pengci members are also professionals!"

"..." Lin Xiaoyu felt that her three views 1 had been refreshed.

1(The 'three views' refer to values, life philosophy, and worldview. This is taken from the phrase "to destroy three views," which is used to complain about something disappointing enough to disillusion someone.) Nowadays, even the Pengci Gang was beginning to stress professionalism... this nation was in danger of collapsing!

"Let's just call the police, and get her locked up." Guo Hao sighed, helpless.

"Ho ho... you still want to send me to prison? You have guts."

The old lady smiled at them mockingly. "Why don't you give me a reason first?"

Guo Hao rolled his eyes. "You popped out of nowhere and randomly grabbed my classmate's leg. As the saying goes, men and women shouldn't touch intimately. You may be old and shrivelled, but you can tentatively still be considered a woman, yes? Then, aren't you a child molester? In cultivation court, this would be a felony!"

Wang Ling: "..."

"..."

The corner of Madam Dong's mouth twitched sharply.

A child molester? Is your child 1.8 meters tall? A giant baby?!

Obviously, Madam Dong didn't buy it. "Even if you send me to the police station, I'll be out in two days. But then all of you will need to watch out, since our Pengci Gang is all over the nation... if this student compensates me, I'll let it go. Otherwise, our gang's chief elder will personally make sure this debt is settled."

"You dare to threaten us?"

Sun Rong glared fiercely at Madam Dong; this was truly the first time that she had encountered such an unreasonable pengci fraudster. "Do you know who..."

Before she could finish her sentence, Wang Ling slowly strode forward, blocking Sun Rong from the old lady with his body.

Because at that moment, he had already gotten a clear and complete look at Madam Dong's memory.

Since this was a plot by Liang Wei and the others which was aimed specifically at him, Wang Ling naturally didn't want to get other people mixed up in it.

After all, he had already thought of a hundred ways to deal with this old ruffian lady...





Chapter 37 Twenty-Four True Words


The scoundrels in society always liked to disguise themselves as the weak in order to rouse sympathy for their own benefit.

It was very obvious that Madam Dong was one of them.

There were plenty of ways to deal with her.

Given Wang Ling's current cultivation realm, he could send the old woman into the atmosphere with one foot in the blink of an eye!

Past outer space!

And then into the galaxy!

To live side by side with the sun for the rest of her life!

Or, more simply, he could just directly open his Heavenly Eye and summon the inner flame of a star to scatter bone ash on the spot.

But Wang Ling didn't want to make trouble.

Apart from the several Shadow Stream killers who had treated human life as dirt, Wang Ling had never personally killed anyone. From a young age, he had been taught by his parents that a student should behave as a student, focused on his studies, and nothing more; most important of all, he should adhere to the core values of cultivation.

This was the Spirit Energy Information era — in an age of scientific cultivation, killing couldn't solve everything!

...

...

In the end, Madam Dong flicked her sleeves; she didn't take a wisp of cloud away with her 1 , but a suitcase, and her heart was full of satisfaction as she left.

1(This is based on the last line of the poem "Taking Leave of Cambridge Again" by the renowned 20th-century Chinese poet Xu Zhimo.) "Who knew young people nowadays would be so extravagant!" she exclaimed loudly in her heart, wild with joy. A whole five million yuan! She had been a pengci racketeer on this street for over ten years, and had never reaped a more fruitful harvest.

Wang Ling watched her leave with an indifferent expression. The pengci group might seem hard to deal with, but in the end, had been no match for his Great Illusion Spell.

Madam Dong thought she was carrying a suitcase full of cash, when it contained nothing more than a heavy, broken chunk of stone.

Keep a low profile, deal with it carefully...

Since this was a problem that could be solved using magical powers.

Wang Ling's rule had always been to avoid a fight whenever he could.

Otherwise, if he really raised a hand against her, the city would collapse at the very least, and at the very worst the earth would be destroyed... he didn't want that to happen.

This time, he had utilized two magical spells.

The first was the "Great Illusion Spell" which he cast on Madam Dong.

The second one was used on the chunk of stone which she was holding.

This spell was called the "Great True-Word Spell," which had an extremely powerful brainwashing ability.

Once Madam Dong took the stone back to the Pengci Gang, the core cultivation values which Wang Ling had carved into the stone would start to take effect immediately.

Prosperity, democracy, civility, harmony, freedom, equality, justice, rule of law, patriotism, dedication, integrity, friendship... when the time came, the whole pengci group would be completely purified by the Twenty-Four True Words 2 !

2(These twelve values, which are written using twenty-four Chinese characters, are in fact the core socialist values of the Chinese Communist Party.) Watching Madam Dong disappear at the end of the road, Wang Ling couldn't help sighing in his heart: For the sake of all living things, it really isn't fucking easy for me!

...

"Ehh? Why did this old lady walk away carrying a chunk of stone?"

The rest of the bunch were all somewhat confused by this scene.

"Maybe because of the ban on dancing in public squares, plus her children being unfilial and her being unhappy in her old age... she must have suffered some mental trauma." Lin Xiaoyu analyzed the situation seriously.

"If the elderly were mentally healthy and contented, who would deliberately commit pengci in search of thrills?" Sun Rong also shook her head.

After a spirited discussion, they came to a conclusion — ultimately, it was the system's fault, it was the world's fault!

...

It was eight o'clock in the morning on Wednesday of the third week of school.

Liang Wei returned to the Student Union Office with a swollen face, after being beaten up by the old men and women from the Pengci Gang.

The lumps on his head looked like a few Want Want Crunchy Rice Balls 3 piled up together.

3(Want Want Crunchy Rice Balls is a popular Chinese snack.) Even when Tang Jingze saw him, he was struck dumb for quite a while. "Classmate, who are you looking for?"

Liang Wei: "..."

Fang Huaqing pushed up his glasses. Despite Liang Wei's current wretched appearance, with a bunch of Want Want Crunchy Rice Balls on his head, Fang Huaqing could still recognize Liang Wei from his distinctive big lips. "What happened to you?"

Liang Wei covered his face. He wanted to cry, but had no tears left, and instead wailed with indignation, "I was beaten up."

"What the hell happened?" asked Tang Jingze.

Liang Wei took out a local morning paper and slapped it on top of the table. Amidst the newspaper's small print, Tang Jingze saw a large, eye-grabbing headline for today's top story in local news — the Peiyuan district branch of the Pengci Gang had revolted last night, with old men and women turning in their ill-gotten gains one after another and surrendering themselves to the local police while extolling the core values of cultivation...

"..." Tang Jingze's lips twitched.

No one knew what kind of madness had seized this bunch of old men and women... under the leadership of Madam Dong, there had been a large-scale defection overnight.

Turning in their booty and giving themselves up under the leadership of Madam Dong, the entire Peiyuan district branch of the Pengci Gang was now proclaiming that they were breaking away from the main Pengci Gang and changing their name to the General Administration of Harmony...

Thinking back on what had happened last night, Liang Wei's eyes couldn't help turning red with grievance, despite the fact that he was a grown man.

As the employer, he had arranged to meet with Madam Dong this morning when he had hired her yesterday, to personally assess the results of the assignment.

However, he had completely never imagined that on his way to the meeting venue, he would be cornered by a group of muscular old men led by Madam Dong.

At this time, Madam Dong's temperament was already completely different from last night. With a red band that had the word "harmony" on it wrapped around her arm, she had glared sternly at Liang Wei as she recited the Twenty-Four True Words.

Liang Wei already couldn't recall what she had said at the time.

After she had finished reciting the Twenty-Four True Words, she had taken out a little red book 4 and started to read aloud from it. "In view of the fact that Student Liang Wei hired pengci racketeers with the malicious intent of disrupting social order, the following is the trial verdict!" Then, with a wave of her hand, Madam Dong directly and mercilessly laid down the charge —"The crime of cultivation disharmony!"

4(This is an indirect reference to the "Little Red Book" of selected writings by Chinese communist leader Mao Zedong.) Immediately after that, a few muscular old men encircled him...

Although Madam Dong was an ordinary person, that didn't mean that there weren't any cultivators in the Pengci Gang.

If it had just been Madam Dong, Liang Wei could have dealt with her. Unfortunately... the eight old men in front of him were all at the Foundation Establishment stage!

After that... there was nothing after that.

Liang Wei didn't even have time to yell "yamete" 5 before the eight old men took turns ruthlessly beating him up, after which he returned to school badly battered.

5("yamete" is Japanese for 'stop' or 'don't.') Tang Jingze: "..."

Fang Huaqing: "..."

Now Tang Jingze and Fang Huaqing really felt it was a bit creepy.

From the moment the group from Number 60 High School had arrived yesterday, it had been crisis after crisis.

Now, even the stubborn old people in the Pengci Gang were fucking setting things right after just one night!

— What the fuck kind of game were they playing at?!

Tang Jingze's current feelings were very complicated.

Their plans to humiliate their opponents had been countered every step of the way; even their plan for revenge had disintegrated under some mysterious power... it was clearly their Number 59 High School's home turf, but in the end, the people of Number 60 High School hadn't just entered confidently, they had also planted a red flag in their territory!

There was no way they would tolerate that!

Tang Jingze glared out the window, and sighed darkly. "Since it has come to this, it looks like the only thing we can do is invite that senior to make an appearance..."

"...Him?"

Speaking of "that senior," Fang Huaqing and Liang Wei instantly understood.

Given the current situation, they could only ask that senior to help; this was probably now the only way for Number 59 High School to win for once.

...

Every school would have a couple of delinquents; Number 60 High School did, and Number 59 High School of course wasn't an exception.

There were two days left before the end of the exchange meet, and Tang Jingze's plans to humiliate the students from Number 60 High School not only hadn't been successful, it had had the opposite effect; they had been hoisted by their own petard.

Whatever the case, there were still two days to go, and he still felt it was necessary for them to regain face.

In the morning, Number 59 High School's Student Union, led by Tang Jingze, found the notorious Senior Buliang, He Bufeng.

The wind blows on school grounds except where there are no storm clouds... this was the meaning of this Senior He's name 6 .

6(He Bufeng literally translates to "where there is no wind.") Well...

On the whole, this name really suited this delinquent's style 7 . After all, just from his name, one could tell that this senior was someone who liked to create headlines, and was extremely restless in nature.

7(He Bufeng is also known as Senior Buliang, which in Chinese means 'bad' or 'harmful' - hence, a school delinquent.) Tang Jingze actually didn't know very much about this Senior He's history; he only knew that Senior He Bufeng had a codename, the number "8823."

These numbers weren't his student number, nor did it refer to any specific item in particular. Instead, it referred to the total overall marks which this Senior He had scored across all his subjects since entering school three years ago — 8823, a record low in the history of Number 59 High School, which had not been broken until now.

Exams for each subject had now been consolidated to make up a total of a thousand marks. Since the beginning of school, with the weekly exams, monthly exams and so on, to not be able to even break ten thousand marks across all class subjects in total really sounded like an exaggeration.

This year happened to be the third year that this Senior He Bufeng was repeating Senior Grade Three of high school...

In short, this was a sticky issue that gave even Director Xie a headache. If it wasn't because Tang Jingze was at his wits' end this time, there was no way he would ask this "grand master" to help the student union.

In the morning, Tang Jingze used the student union's student records to find this Senior Buliang's phone number, and arranged to meet him.

The male toilets on the second floor of the teaching building was Senior Buliang's territory, and students who knew the rules usually wouldn't enter here. Otherwise, it was very likely this delinquent would force them to wash their faces in the toilet bowl.

As President of the Student Union, Tang Jingze naturally had received plenty of complaints, but like most of the teachers, he had chosen to turn a blind eye to them.

This was mainly because of this delinquent's background: He Bufeng's grandfather was currently that circumcision director of Number 59 High School's school board.

It was because of this connection that Number 59 High School hadn't expelled this delinquent.

"Are you the ones who want to meet with Senior He?" As soon as Tang Jingze and the others stepped onto the second floor, they were immediately stopped by a youth wearing a graffiti vest.

Tang Jingze swept a look over this person's fashion style: he was roughly one hundred and seventy centimeters tall, and wasn't wearing his uniform jacket properly — instead, it was tied around his waist. The most eye-catching thing about him was his hair, sticking straight up ten centimeters, and perfectly making up the height difference with Tang Jingze. Such a hairstyle, even among all the "shamate," 8 was a rare and terrifying existence.

8("Shamate" is a Chinese transliteration of the word 'smart,' but is used sarcastically to refer to a subculture of youngsters who have exaggerated and colorful hairstyles, and wear heavy make-up and flamboyant costumes.) "..." Tang Jingze, Fang Huaqing, and Liang Wei all gasped in unison — this style was really an eyesore!

"Is senior... free now?" Tang Jingze said softly. He normally thought of himself as bad, and had bullied a lot of people before. But in the face of this delinquent senior, he completely did not dare act arrogant.

The "shamate" youth snorted, and pointed at the male toilets nearby, smiling. "Senior has been waiting inside for you for quite a while, go on in."

At this arrogant attitude, Tang Jingze and the others couldn't help the corners of their mouths pulling down. They gave the tightly sealed-off male toilets a deep look, feeling like they were about to enter a new world through Pandora's portal 9 .

9(Instead of opening Pandora's box, they're walking into Pandora's portal, get it?)





Chapter 38 Lao Gudong's Charisma and Substance


In the student exchange meet between the two schools, interaction between the students was certainly a part of it, but discussion among teachers was also important.

Before eight o'clock in the morning, Lao Gudong, as the teacher leading the team from Number 60 High School, was dragged to a meeting.

Looking around the meeting venue, there wasn't a single teacher that he knew. From the murmurs in the air, he could vaguely hear the other teachers talking about him. They were saying he was just some bookworm who taught the theory of history course, who had no skill apart from teaching and so on...

In fact, whether he was a teacher now or a student back then, those students who specialized in flying swords or Dao talismans always looked down on the students who learned theory of history.

Even though Lao Gudong was now a teacher, the teachers who taught the flying swords and Dao talismans courses similarly looked down on the teachers who taught history, and always felt that these people were very dull, and didn't have real talent or learning.

Privately, he had always viewed these discriminatory stances as "stereotypes."

He couldn't help recalling his time as a student.

He was no stranger to gossip or slander, so even if he was hearing it again now, his expression was very calm. He just sighed at how time had flown by, and he would never be able to return to his salad days.

The topic of discussion at the morning meeting for the teachers of both schools was naturally the hotly debated dissolution of one branch of the Pengci Gang reported in the morning newspaper.

This was a very big issue because the Peiyuan district branch of the Pengci Gang, which had always caused the local cultivation police so many problems, had now collapsed in one night. One person told ten, ten told a hundred, and soon all the students and teachers knew about it.

"Teachers, settle down! We're going to officially start the meeting now."

The teacher chairing the meeting was Number 59 High School's Director Xie. "Looking at your heated discussion, I'm sure everyone has heard. This incident happened very suddenly. Although currently there are still a few pengci groups in Peiyuan district that are taking advantage of the situation to cause mischief, we now no longer have to worry about students going out and encountering pengci. The focus of this meeting, which is also the first thing the General Administration of 100 Schools passed down to us as soon as this incident happened, is mainly to listen to your opinions on Madam Dong's reorganization of the dissolved Pengci Gang in our district into the 'General Administration of Harmony.'"

Director Xie's words stirred up heated discussion again, as the teachers whispered to one another with unusual fervor.

Director Xie then noticed Lao Gudong, and saw this theory of history teacher from another school looking especially serene as he quietly listened to the other teachers' opinions, nodding his head and smiling gently... for some reason, this made Director Xie's face burn hotly.

Some approved of the General Administration of Harmony, and felt that it would be a beneficial existence; one male teacher nodded. "The Pengci Gang indeed committed a lot of crimes in the past, disrupting society and civil harmony, as well as causing teachers and students in the surrounding areas to suffer disastrous financial losses. But now that it has been reorganized into the General Administration of Harmony, and specializes in dealing with the Pengci Gang and supervising the delinquents in society, I think this is good!"

A female teacher snorted as she objected. "How is it good! It's just another way to harass people. When I was on the way to work this morning, an old lady told me off for running a yellow light, and stopped me to lecture me for a long time, until my spirit sword ran out of electricity, almost making me late for work!"

A female teacher next to her was immediately startled. "Teacher Lin's spirit sword... runs on electricity?"

"That's right! Lately I've been up until late every night doing my marking, so I really don't have any energy. My new Chanel electric-powered spirit sword is good, it saves me a lot of spirit energy, so I can go to work in high spirits every day!"

The female teacher proudly stroked her hair, then held out one palm. "The most important thing is to charge it for five minutes, it'll power the sword for two hours! I strongly recommend it to everyone!"

"Really? That's too awesome! Where did you buy it from?"

"You can buy it at Tianmiao and Jingxi 1 !"

1(Tianmao (TMALL) and Jingxi (now known as Jingdong(JD)) are Chinese e-commerce websites.) "Is it very expensive?"

"With Tianmiao you can buy on credit, with Jingxi you can use IOUs! All these things are very useful!"

"..." Director Xie's face instantly turned black.

This bunch of people... they were actually so careless and unruly in the presence of outsiders at a meeting! What kind of image was this?!

Director Xie Huaichun secretly glanced at Lao Gudong, who seemed like someone already accustomed to the gales and billows of life. She couldn't help the corners of her mouth curling up.

Fortunately, this teacher from another school hadn't said anything. Otherwise, it really would be an embarrassment!

Trying hard to control her anger, Director Xie reminded them in a low voice. "...Please pay attention, teachers. Don't stray from the point... this is a direct order from the General Administration of 100 Schools, I hope everyone will take it seriously."

The director still had authority — at Director Xie's words, a few of the boisterous female teachers suddenly quieted down. At the same time, they gave Lao Gudong a grateful look.

It was only when teachers from other schools were present that Director Xie would speak so evenly. If it had been a normal meeting, she would have already unleashed her prehistoric powers 2 early on, radiating intimidating pressure all around.

2(This is a Chinese Internet meme based on swimmer Fu Yuanhui's comment in an interview, when she exaggeratedly told the reporter that she had used her 'prehistoric powers' after achieving a personal best in the pool at the Rio Olympics in 2016.) Before Wang Ling had set foot in Number 59 High School, the thing that had been most vulnerable to damage in the school was the table in the Teachers' Meeting Room. Every time Director Xie got so pissed off that she couldn't control her immense pressure in a meeting, a table leg would definitely be broken.

This long rectangular table in front of Lao Gudong now had arrived just two days ago.

Seeing that things had calmed down, Director Xie secretly sighed.

She felt a sense of dread whenever she thought of the chaotic student exchange meeting which Tang Jingze had presided over yesterday.

Fortunately, however, not everyone could have a magnetic field like Sun Rong's.

Additionally, Lao Gudong couldn't imitate that National School Beauty level of electromagnetic attraction.

However, Wang Ling had always felt that for a fatty, Lao Gudong had his own personal charisma.

Before Lao Gudong came to Number 59 High School, Director Xie had thoroughly investigated this fatty — he had been teaching in Number 60 High School for over a decade, and was the teacher with the best reviews every year. Apart from his abiding gentleness, anytime and anywhere, in front of and behind people... she just couldn't understood why the students were so drawn to him.

In fact, the main reason was his deft ability to switch between his two personas.

Usually, he would start out in "gossip mode" in front of the students, and liked to maintain an approachable, kindly and teasing persona. However, that didn't mean that he was inherently an aloof person... for example, at this teachers' regular meeting, he had started out in his second persona, "artsy mode."

What was an artsy youth?

He would say something inexplicable, do something indescribable, be indifferent to people and speak reason very briefly... at first, it would seem like nothing, but after mulling it over, one would instantly feel it made a hell of a lot of sense!

To be honest, Wang Ling actually liked Lao Gudong's second persona more, because he could always learn plenty of quotable words from it.

However, this sharply different side usually didn't come out very often.

Hence, the moment Lao Gudong had gotten up early to leave the school dormitory, Wang Ling had been secretly observing him using his Heavenly Eye...

...

It was very obvious that after Director Xie had rectified the teachers' behavior, the focus of the whole meeting shifted to this teacher from another school, Lao Gudong.

The meeting venue was quiet, and no one dared to speak.

The early morning breeze blew gently through the window, sweeping over Lao Gudong's watermelon head and brushing the neat fringe on his forehead...

Director Xie stared blankly for a bit; unexpectedly, she felt that this fatty was somehow still very handsome in a certain sense...

Lao Gudong gazed fixedly at the polished tabletop, which happened to reflect Director Xie's image.

At this scene, Director Xie couldn't remain composed: why is he staring at my reflection? Don't tell me... he's interested in me? Likes me? Otherwise, why is he staring at me?

"..."

Lao Gudong was looking blankly at the table; Wang Ling didn't even have the strength to be mocking. This was clearly out of respect! Who would stare non-stop at someone else's face at a meeting? How rude would that be?!

Faced with this Director Xie Huaichun, Wang Ling's mood now was very complicated, because this evidently was another old girl in love making up her own scenarios...

...Wait!

Why did he think... another?

Lao Gudong had always been the type of person whose appearance could withstand scrutiny, and he was the type who looked more handsome with every additional glance. This was what Wang Ling meant by his charisma and substance.

Who understood substance? The substance of artsy youths... how could common people understand? His substance also wasn't something Sun Rong could imitate — their strategies were different. The target of Sun Rong's strategy was passersby, the target of Lao Gudong's strategy... was aunties.

Then.

Five minutes passed...

...

Director Xie still hadn't asked any questions, and only felt her face grow even hotter when she looked at Lao Gudong. She was just like her name 3 , truly like a maiden in search of love.

3(The pinyin in Director Xie's name Huaichun translates to "longing for love.") Lao Gudong had already been gazing at the tabletop for quite a long time, which made her blush with complete shyness... this was the first time that she had been stared at by a man for so long.

And just like this, everyone followed Director Xie and looked at Lao Gudong quietly. Some of the sharp-eyed female teachers wondered why Director Xie's face seemed a little red...

...

Ten minutes passed...

There was still no sound; one could have heard a pin drop in the whole meeting room.

...

Then once again.

Twenty minutes passed...

...

Wang Ling: "..."

Lao Gudong's hair was still fluttering wildly in the breeze. With soft, tender eyes, he looked at Director Xie. "Director Xie, is there something you want to ask me?"

She was immediately startled by his slightly magnetic tone. Only then did she realize... she actually hadn't asked Lao Gudong any questions yet!

Director Xie immediately couldn't help her face turning red as she showed the bashful expression of an old girl. "Ah~ Lao Gudong, I'm really sorry..."

All the teachers were stunned...

What had they just seen?

What had they just heard?

What the heck was with this breathless "ah" sound?

This middle-aged spinster with a long career, who was experienced in dealing calmly with all types of situations, had actually apologized?! And even blushed?!

Furthermore, her infatuated and enchanted expression was for a fatty who taught history... what the bloody hell?! Was this love at first sight? This fucking plot development was a little incomprehensible!

Wang Ling was already stupefied. "..."

He could only say, Lao Gudong really was Lao Gudong... this wasn't Blooddrop Cave 4 , but just like this, Lao Gudong had unexpectedly cracked the toughest nut at Number 59 High School...

4(In the famous Chinese novel 'Zhu Xian,' Blooddrop Cave is where the protagonists Zhang Xiaofan and Bi Yao fell in love with each other.) Lao Gudong calmly nodded, still maintaining the cool air of an artsy youth.

Now, he felt that the time was completely ripe.

The current scene was slightly awkward, and it was time for the artsy youth to come to the rescue...

Turning his head slightly, Lao Gudong slanted a gaze out the window.

In that cool, penetrating breeze, the words he said then shook everyone's hearts.

"Today's wind is truly dazzling..."

In the meeting room, the teachers got goosebumps all over.

Apart from Lao Gudong and Director Xie, who were enchanted by the artsy atmosphere, the other teachers acutely felt the already cold temperature in the meeting room drop even further...





Chapter 39 Dangerous Radio Gymnastics


Lao Gudong's identity had always been a mystery. After the day he revealed his true strength in front of Sun Rong, she had in fact gotten people to secretly investigate his background. What was strange was that they couldn't find anything...

If Sun Rong with her family background couldn't find anything, it would be even harder for anyone else who wanted to know his true identity.

Of course, if Wang Ling wanted to investigate Lao Gudong, there were many ways for him to do it; among the Three Thousand Great Spells, the Great Recollection Spell comprised a lot of abilities, such as "memory replacement," "memory erasure" and "memory retrieval."

He had retrieved Lao Gudong's memories previously, and had found one that had been sealed away. Forcibly retrieving it, however, would cause Lao Gudong irreversible mental damage.

Therefore, even if Wang Ling was very curious, in the end, he let it go.

Of course, there were other avenues of investigation, such as Headmaster Chen as well as Director Shi. As leaders of Number 60 High School, it was likely they would know everything about Lao Gudong's history. But since Lao Gudong had chosen to hide his identity, Wang Ling felt that there was no need to dig it out.

For him, apart from Lao Gudong's mysterious identity, the man was a foodie who loved gossip and was sometimes silly, sometimes artsy. This was the image of an immortal teacher that he had painstakingly cultivated after teaching for so many years.

Wang Ling had to salute Lao Gudong for how well he had concealed himself.

...

After the brief teachers' meeting in the morning, Wang Ling had a deeper understanding of Lao Gudong. It turned out "artsy mode" Lao Gudong possessed the passive ability to win over older ladies... Wang Ling felt he should write a book and title it The Artsy Youth and the Literary Maiden 1 .

1('Literary Maiden' is a Japanese light novel.) As long as Lao Gudong wrote down all the golden words that had been hiding under his artsy persona all these years, Wang Ling felt that he could completely conquer all the middle-aged spinsters and feminists in the world.

When it came to love, as long as a tortoise and mung bean made eyes at eachother 2 , that was good enough.

2(The idea is that a tortoise's eyes and mung beans are both small, green and round, so the meaning here is of two similar people being attracted to each other.) But the love between an artsy youth and a literary maiden... Wang Ling had to say, he didn't understand it at all.

Women who made up their own scenarios were indeed terrifying! Whether it was a young maiden or an auntie...

That was what Wang Ling thought.

He wasn't concerned with whether or not springtime had already arrived for Director Xie and Lao Gudong; more worryingly, the spring radio gymnastics was about to start.

...

In early spring, Songhai city was still a little cold, since it was very close to the Frozen Sea. After getting winter earlier than other cities, they entered spring later during this time every year. Some experts believed that the cold air from the Frozen Sea had an unstable effect on the foundations of cultivators at the Foundation Establishment stage.

After taking the students' foundations into consideration, high schools had suspended the radio gymnastics not long after the start of the semester. And of course, Wang Ling had found a way to evade this problem for the time being.

But regretfully, Songhai city had suddenly warmed up today...

After two class periods and the teachers' meeting which Lao Gudong had attended, the school's radio broadcast came on at half past nine. The students lined up and marched to the sports field, following the lead of the shortest student at the front of the line.

As a team from another school, the five students from Number 60 High School stood in their own separate line in last place on the sports field.

As usual, Wang Ling chose to be at the back of the line.

Radio gymnastics had already evolved over thousands of years since the establishment of Huaxiu nation, and its names were also either incredibly fantastic or down-to-earth.

From the first radio exercise "Brand New Sun" to "Descendants of the Sun"...

From "The Eagle Taking Off" to "The Kunpeng 3 Spreading Its Wings"...

3(The 'kunpeng' is a giant bird in Chinese mythology.) From "Vitality of Youth" to "The Passion for Foundation Establishment"...

From "Dancing Youth" to "Martial Universe"...

Radio gymnastics could be said to have been named after the mass public square trend, but it had gradually and completely evolved into a xuanhuan cultivation trend. Not only did it sing the praises of the flowers of the motherland, it also extolled the great vitality of the younger generation of cultivators.

Some people thought that the names for the radio gymnastics stood for the development and progress of the era.

For instance, the popular two hundred and fiftieth set of radio gymnastics —"Perfect World"!

Just from the name, one could see the boundless hope which Huaxiu nation had for the creation of a marvelous future!

Earlier, Wang Ling had actually damaged Number 59 High School's loudspeakers on purpose, but it had never occurred to him that Number 59 High School would actually have a damn live band!

Several teachers from Number 59 High School's music department were carrying instruments as they banged on gongs and drums, creating a magnificent scene in front of them.

"..." This really was man proposes, God disposes.

Looking at this scene, Wang Ling sucked in a cold breath.

As the magical rhythm rang out, the first round of music for the two hundred and fiftieth set of radio gymnastics came to an end...

Accompanied by the rhythm of the live band's music, the physical education teacher standing on the podium amplified his voice with the Lion's Roar Spell, and shouted out the beat as he moved.

"Everyone follow my rhythm, the warm-up for the two hundred and fiftieth set of radio gymnastics 'Perfect World,' mark the time ~ go! One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight... two two three four, again..."

While the names for radio gymnastics had changed many times, the overall routine hadn't changed much. The warm-up was followed by stretches and chest expansions... Wang Ling could just about do these physical exercises. While they did require large motions, he basically didn't have to expand very much energy.

It was the kicks and jumps that really made him uneasy.

What was worse, the power of the Dao talisman seal was substantially weaker... whether it was a kick or a jump, if Wang Ling didn't take care to control his strength, there would be irreversible consequences...

Regional earthquakes, tectonic shifts, landslides and floods of debris... all of these could happen.

To avoid these disasters, he had always softened his movements while doing the radio gymnastics, which made him look weak and limp, as he utterly didn't dare to use too much energy... in the words of the physical education teacher, he was spineless and a sissy.

Because of that, the teachers from Number 60 High School's sports department had more than once held him up as a bad example not to be followed. At the regular meeting for the physical education teachers, they had even taken pains to single Wang Ling out for ruthless criticism...

Of course, it wasn't that Wang Ling couldn't understand the teachers' feelings, especially the teachers from the sports department; they naturally wanted to see students walking around spiritedly, heads up and chests out, full of vigor and vitality on the sports field. However, if he got serious, and something out of the ordinary happened, who was going to be able to bear that responsibility?

Braving the teachers' contemptuous looks around him, he completed the entire set of radio gymnastics under pressure.

Very good... all was quiet, nothing unexpected happened, and even better, there weren't any casualties.

Wang Ling was sure that he was the only person nowadays who would get the jitters doing radio gymnastics.

As a child, he had still been very weak, and had been able to still control his strength. But as he gradually got older, the development of his realm and attributes had fluctuated wildly. He really felt that his life was just getting more and more difficult, to the point that he was on edge even when doing radio gymnastics.

Since it had come to this, he felt that he really had to change the current situation...

For example, on the night of the next full moon, he could use the "Great Moon-Reading Spell" to brainwash the entire nation, and overhaul the radio gymnastics system by replacing it with something acceptable to him!

Shadowboxing could be a good choice!

Or... PPAP 4 was, just barely, an acceptable alternative...

4(PPAP is a 45-second Japanese song with a music video featuring simple dance moves that went viral.)





Chapter 40 Er Dan the Cool and Aloof Parrot


After morning radio gymnastics was over, Lao Gudong arranged to meet Wang Ling in a small corner for a chat during the afternoon break.

It wasn't anything out of the ordinary, just about his performance in the radio gymnastics as usual.

Wang Ling did understand the situation very clearly. After all, they had come here this time as representatives of their school, and since they were at another school, they had to be even more aware of their image and temperament. The vast majority of teachers believed that no matter how smooth one was with a spirit sword or how proficient in drawing a Dao talisman, only the ordinary radio gymnastics could best embody a student's spirit.

This was the reason why until now, even in the Scientific Cultivation era, cultivation schools still hadn't banned radio gymnastics.

Fortunately, Lao Gudong was a gentle man. Being approachable had always been one of his special traits, plus he had attended the teachers' regular meeting in the morning... he seemed to have found his springtime, so he was in a particularly good mood. He just told Wang Ling that he should pay attention to his image as a student representing Number 60 High School, then patted his butt and walked away, a spring in his step.

Lightly, Lao Gudong left... as lightly as he had come...

Seeing Lao Gudong's buoyant mood, Wang Ling instantly composed this poem in his heart.

A dopey, artsy youth who had fallen into the river of love...

Sure enough, people in love were all touched in the head!

This was the first time that Wang Ling felt that there was something wrong with this bouncy Lao Gudong.

...

After the private chat with Lao Gudong, Wang Ling casually thought of something.

If it had been Teacher Pan with her raging temper instead of Lao Gudong who had dragged him into that corner, Wang Ling felt that given her character, she wouldn't have been able to stop herself from smacking him around... thinking of this, he couldn't help shuddering.

The last person who had forcefully hit him had been Eldest Young Master Xu Ying of the Three Young Masters of Burying Love, and his grave was covered with grass taller than three meters now... either way, whether it was a responsibility to Teacher Pan, or even more so to the people around him, Wang Ling was more certain than ever that it was necessary to brainwash the entire nation on the night of the next full moon!

...

In the afternoon, Lao Gudong sent a WeChat message for everyone to gather in Number 59 High School's gymnasium.

There were only two days left to the crucial spirit sword exchange meet. As the teacher leading the team, he felt it was necessary for them to train accordingly.

Number 59 High School's gymnasium was very large. In most Foundation Establishment high schools now, the interior of such a large place would contain another space. From the outside it didn't look very big, but the area inside had been expanded using the Space Expansion Skill.

In fact, space expansion was very common. Take for example the storage pockets of the school uniform and Lao Gudong's snack drawer, which surpassed a supermarket's inventory... this simple skill of enlarging a space area was now already very commonly practiced and was completely a part of everyday life.

And the biggest benefit was that it had significantly lowered property prices.

It made it impossible for the deeply-hated real estate speculators to stir up trouble...

"Strange, why hasn't Lao Gudong showed up?" Lin Xiaoyu asked, puzzled. They were in a sectioned-off training area in Number 59 High School's gymnasium and had been waiting for some time.

Everyone's impression of Lao Gudong had always been of a punctual man.

"Let's wait a little longer." Sun Rong also frowned softly and felt that it was very strange. Generally, as long as it was Lao Gudong who arranged the time, he would either arrive before or on the dot, and would never be so easily late.

"He wouldn't have run into trouble, right?" Lin Xiaoyu said again.

"..." Sun Rong was silent.

She had personally witnessed Lao Gudong's true prowess. Moreover, his identity was a mystery, and even Huaguo Water Curtain Group hadn't been able to find anything on his background. Given the type of man he was, it could already be considered not bad if he didn't stir up trouble with other people.

"..." Wang Ling was also silent.

He carefully considered Lin Xiaoyu's words and felt that what this fujoshi said was actually reasonable, because Lao Gudong had indeed run into trouble... if being lucky in love could be called trouble.

While everyone was discussing Lao Gudong, in the end, speak of the devil, and he shall appear...

From outside the gym, a stout figure stood silhouetted in the dazzling sunlight, casting a long shadow on the ground.

Although they couldn't see the person's face clearly, from the shadow on the ground, everyone knew who it was.

In the next moment, this shadow suddenly sprang up like a ghost, giving everyone a fright.

Then, they watched in silent astonishment as a large fatty came bounding up to them... Chen Chao, Guo Hao, Sun Rong and Lin Xiaoyu were dumbfounded.

"..."

Now it wasn't just Wang Ling; other people could also tell... there was something wrong with Lao Gudong today!

...

Lao Gudong's small, fat face was flushed and radiant like a blooming peach blossom. Sunlight seemed to pour out of his mouth as he laughed, it was too damn blinding!

"Did he win the lottery? Or level up to the legendary five kills 1 ?" The corners of Chen Chao's mouth twitched, an uncomprehending expression on his face. He himself felt that he was a fairly ignorant type of person, but if he could tell with one look that there was something off with Lao Gudong... then it wasn't a simple problem, but a really big one!

1(This is from the online game 'King of Glory' and refers to the number of consecutive kills a player can get.) Of course, Wang Ling was probably the only person in Number 60 High School who knew why Lao Gudong was so happy. Very regretfully, Wang Ling didn't like to gossip, so his mouth was sealed.

This situation really made Guo Hao want to choke...

As Number 60 High School's famous gossip line, the grand master who knew everything, this was the first time Guo Hao felt that his reputation was in danger.

"Seems like you don't really know everything," Chen Chao deliberately teased.

"Is that a challenge?" Guo Hao raised his eyebrow.

There was actually something he didn't know?

Impossible!

He held his arm out horizontally and Er Dan the parrot hopped off his shoulder, turning its head to groom its white feathers. A normal parrot would speak from time to time as it imitated the words it heard, but Er Dan was an intelligent parrot. In Guo Hao's own words, it would only speak when he allowed it to; apart from that, it didn't even dare fart.

It was because everyone firmly believed in these words that Guo Hao had obtained the title "Guo Hao." In everyone's eyes, this was probably the most remarkable pet Guo Hao had ever trained since he became involved in the soul pet business.

"If even you don't know what's going on with Lao Gudong, do you expect Er Dan to tell you?" Chen Chao couldn't help laughing.

"Er Dan, show this bumpkin your ability! Don't let our Soul Servant Shop lose face!" Guo Hao pointed at Er Dan, so worked up that he was spitting saliva. The Soul Servant Shop he had mentioned was actually the name of his family's ancestral store for soul pets.

In fact, at the beginning of the semester, Wang Ling had found that Er Dan the parrot wasn't so simple. He had privately given it another nickname, "Ice Sculpture." Because it didn't like to talk, it hadn't said much all this time as it maintained an attitude all day long that wasn't happy or sad, disillusioned with human society.

Wang Ling's Mind-Reading Ability, which was usually an open channel, had never received a single thing from Er Dan's mind, which was enough to show how cool and aloof this parrot was.

That was, until now. When Guo Hao's saliva sprayed onto the pure white feathers that Er Dan was proud of... Er Dan finally couldn't take it anymore!

It rolled its eyes disgustedly at Guo Hao, then Wang Ling heard it curse vehemently in its heart: this fucking retard! Don't you know this boss likes to be clean!

Hearing Er Dan's thoughts for the first time, Wang Ling was startled in his heart; he had never expected that Er Dan, who preferred to not speak, would in this situation actually burst out because of its neat freak tendencies... it seemed not only was it a cool and aloof parrot, it was also a parrot with a bad temper.

Furthermore, from the unabashed and genuinely haughty attitude in Er Dan's heart, Wang Ling felt that perhaps all this time, Guo Hao, who was this parrot's owner and gave people the impression that he was a parrot expert...

...Didn't seem to know as much about his own parrot as he thought he did...





Chapter 41 Bird Feather Prediction


The "Great Blood Origin Spell" was one of the Three Thousand Great Spells which Wang Ling had mastered with average proficiency. One of its sub-abilities was called "blood origin trace," which could accurately trace bloodlines. To put it directly... it was DNA identification.

During the Spirit Energy era, the way many people inherited ancient legacy in fact depended mostly on bloodlines. The Great Blood Origin Spell had been popular at that time, and cultivators unafraid of danger would go deep into the ancient tombs of previous cultivators to find such a legacy and obtain a huge boost in their realms within a short period of time.

Now, however, the state had already ordered a ban on such methods of legacy inheritance, since the risk involved was considerable and there was a possibility of contracting a blood disease. Back then, Huaxiu nation's first-generation leaders had even specially gathered together these cultivators who had inherited legacies in such a reckless way to denounce them publicly over the crime of "opportunistic reactionary cultivation."

Previous generations of leaders had always felt that no matter how strong or weak one's gift was, one should rely on their own efforts to build up their cultivation step-by-step. Depending on corrupt cultivation practices was absolutely not the right way!

Hence, after that, the use of the Great Blood Origin Spell waned. It was strictly banned by the state, thereby becoming a prohibited spell. The number of people in the world who could use this spell, apart from Wang Ling who had learned it while he was still in the womb, could be counted on one hand.

Now, Wang Ling occasionally used this spell to identify the innate gifts of the people around him, since bloodlines could also reflect talent.

When he was a child, he had always thought that there should in fact be someone like him, a person who had been born with a "silver spoon" in his mouth.

Unfortunately, to this day... he hadn't found anyone similar to him.

He had been aware of the results of the "blood origin trace" on Er Dan since entering school.

Er Dan was in fact not a common parrot. Though it had hidden it very well, Wang Ling had still found out.

To be exact, it was a hybrid parrot with many noble bloodlines.

Through the blood origin trace, Wang Ling had seen the following species in its blood: the kunpeng 1 , the nine-headed bird 2 , the four-eyed bird 3 , the vermilion bird 4 , the bifang 5 ... oh, by the way, there was also a Pidgey 6 .

1(The 'kunpeng ' is a giant bird in Chinese mythology.) 2(One of the earliest forms of the Chinese phoenix.) 3(Yet another powerful, mythical bird in Chinese legend - each of its eyes contain two pupils, hence its name.) 4(One of the four mythological creatures of the Chinese constellations, it's described as a red bird perpetually covered in flames.) 5(The 'bifang' is a Chinese mythical bird named for the sound of its cry. It has one leg, a blue-green body with red spots and a white beak. Considered an omen, each time the bifang is sighted, a fire will break out.) 6(Pidgey is a bird Pokémon.) Who the heck knew what Er Dan's parents had gone through before its birth? Of course, Wang Ling didn't want to know... the one thing he could be sure of, though, was that this mix of so many bloodlines had granted Er Dan a unique ability.

Under normal circumstances, Guo Hao wouldn't have Er Dan reveal its ability in public, otherwise he would inevitably be suspected of playing tricks.

But now that Chen Chao had called his reputation into question, Guo Hao felt it was necessary for him to reveal his hand.

He winked at Er Dan... actually, this boy and bird had already come to a clear agreement long ago concerning their private and public affairs: under watchful eyes in public, Er Dan would give its owner face as necessary; after they returned home, Guo Hao would have to give up this false Guo Hao appearance in private and pay the price for his public glory by becoming a shit-shoveling officer 7 .

7(Pet owners jokingly refer to themselves as 'shit-shoveling officers' to show their devotion to their pets as they have to clean up after them.) These complex feelings between boy and bird gave Wang Ling a sense of déjà vu. Something worth mentioning which other people were probably unaware of... was that Er Dan was female. Wang Ling had already silently realized this; he just didn't want to say anything.

"Students, I'm sorry to have kept you waiting." Lao Gudong skipped cheerfully over to them. He had said only a few words before his wristwatch shrilled with a call. When he looked at the caller ID, he immediately waved at them, a high color to his cheeks. "Excuse me, I'll have to keep you waiting a little longer!~" Saying that, he ran eagerly to one side to receive the call.

Lao Gudong being this lively was already beyond everyone's comprehension...

Nice timing, while Lao Gudong answered the phone, it was a good opportunity to figure out what on earth was going on with him!

"There is nothing in this world that this master doesn't know!" While speaking, Guo Hao gingerly pulled out one of Er Dan's feathers, causing its pure white, slightly plump body to tremble for an instant.

"What is that for?" Lin Xiaoyu asked confusedly.

"This is the Names Fortune Skill; it requires a feather from Er Dan. As long as I the master hold this feather, look at the person in question and repeat their name three times, I'll know their fortune based on the color which the feather changes into," Guo Hao said with a mysterious air.

Er Dan silently rolled its eyes at Guo Hao: First, you spray this boss with your spit, now you want this boss to cooperate with you in your pretentious act... hehe, when we return home, you're going to get it!

What Names Fortune Skill... Guo Hao made this spell sound so marvelous, when in fact, generally speaking, it was just fortune-telling.

The crucial point was that this wasn't his ability, but Er Dan's own special ability.

In Wang Ling's opinion, though, this ability wasn't worth much even if it was created from the combination of the bloodlines of several legendary birds.

All in all, however, the assessment results should be accurate. At least, it would be way better than the roadside soothsayers who grabbed people to say, "Benefactor, there is evil between your eyebrows, you will definitely encounter a bloody calamity!"

Rubbing the feather in his hand, Guo Hao mouthed Lao Gudong's real name three times, and everyone saw that white, spotless feather instantly turn pink.

"A pink feather?" Guo Hao stared at the feather with an astonished expression.

Sun Rong gave the pink feather a cursory look and asked, "A pink feather... what does it stand for?"

Guo Hao was already well-versed in the symbolic meanings of the feather's colors, but for this color to appear in relation to Lao Gudong... to be honest, he really hadn't anticipated it at all.

Thinking of Lao Gudong's jubilant attitude earlier, as he bounced and skipped around, plus this key pink feather, the answer already seemed obvious. "A pink feather means luck in love. Lao Gudong has... fallen in love!"

"Oh, so it's because he's fallen in love..." It was mere realization at first.

After a moment of dead silence, an earth-shaking roar immediately burst out.

— What the fuck?!

Fallen?! In?! Love?!

This ageless Lao Gudong who only knew how to eat latiao was actually beginning to arrange flowers in his antique vase?!

"..."

Chen Chao, Sun Rong and Lin Xiaoyu all felt that it was inconceivable.

"...Is your feather reliable or not?" Chen Chao asked again dubiously.

"Shit! You still don't believe me?"

"I just think it's a little too unreal! Fortune-telling using a bird feather, thinking about it, it's too unscientific," said Chen Chao.

Wang Ling: "..." So, you think a bird feather changing colors is very scientific?

Chen Chao was a very skeptical person and liked to split hairs a lot, especially when it came to old superstitions.

In order to verify the authenticity of this feather fortune-telling, Chen Chao rudely pulled out another one of Er Dan's feathers.

This time, it hurt enough that Er Dan twitched hard and gave Guo Hao a look as it gnashed its teeth, even though it had no teeth to gnash...

It didn't care who it was that pulled out its feather; in the end, it would blame everything on Guo Hao...

Guo Hao: "What do you want?"

"Come on, our Comrade Guo Hao! Find another person's fortune to read." Chen Chao placed the bird feather in Guo Hao's hand.

Guo Hao silently curled his lips; he then looked at Lin Xiaoyu and recited her name three times. The bird feather turned dark red.

It was related to her fortune, after all, so Lin Xiaoyu was a little nervous. "This color, what does it mean?"

Guo Hao carefully discerned the color of the feather and quickly read its message. "This red feather symbolizes fire on the body, so recently you had to be careful of fire and had to stay away from places that have them."

Lin Xiaoyu looked astonished. "...This is too accurate!"

Just last week, the gay fanfiction that she had painstakingly collected over the years had been discovered by her father, who had burned them all.

Chen Chao skeptically pulled another feather from Er Dan's body. "Come on, read my fortune."

"..." This feather was from Er Dan's belly, where its flesh was the most tender; it was so painful it made all of its feathers stand up.

Wang Ling even saw a crystal tear form in the corner of its eye...

Helpless, Guo Hao read Chen Chao's fortune and saw that the feather had turned blue. He sighed and said, "You had to stay away from water in the last month."

Chen Chao also showed his surprise. "...It really is accurate!" He remembered when he had been at the swimming pool last week and had gotten a cramp in his leg while swimming. If it hadn't been for the lifeguard, who had parted the water with one palm... he felt he might have died.

"Now do you believe me?" Guo Hao felt rather helpless.

At this very moment, Lao Gudong returned after talking endlessly on the phone, looking even more radiant than before.

"Students, your teacher has good news to share with you."

Standing in front of everyone, he didn't hide his ecstasy at all. "Teacher has found you a teacher's wife!"

Students: "..."

Wang Ling: "..." Then, what was the point of plucking out the feathers?

Er Dan: "..." Psycho! You think I don't need face?!





Chapter 42 Lao Gudong's Education Policy


Wang Ling hadn't imagined that Lao Gudong would actually announce the news so quickly. Nowadays, there were plenty of lightning marriages 1 , but who knew that there were also so many lightning love affairs.

1(A 'lightning marriage' is to get married on the spur of the moment.) He felt it was probably because Lao Gudong had gone too long without love, so once he fell into the honey river of love, he couldn't pull himself out.

It was very obvious that spring had arrived for Lao Gudong.

On the other hand, Guo Hao had entered a chilly winter...

Er Dan wasn't an ordinary parrot. This wasn't reflected just in its special ability, born from mixing various bloodlines together, but also in the fact that Er Dan had the ability to transform. While there was a very short time limit to how long it could maintain a human form, it was already more than enough time to teach Guo Hao a lesson.

Especially when Er Dan saw a small bald patch amidst the spotless white feathers which it was so proud of, the result of that fucking fortune-telling...

From afar, Wang Ling could already feel the low pressure emanating from Guo Hao's shoulder. Moreover, he heard Er Dan's thoughts again: whip, handcuffs, small candle...

Sss ! — It was just three simple nouns, but it was more than enough for his imagination.

He had never thought that even a bird could play such exciting games these days...

A Lao Gudong in love was even more approachable than usual, and it should have been a stress-free spirit sword training session. However, firmly oppressed by Er Dan's icy cold spiritual pressure, Guo Hao couldn't be cheerful.

The morale of this story was, if you are a pretentious prick, you will pay the price. If you want to show off in front of people, your bird will use candle wax on you behind the scenes... Wang Ling felt that this incident made a very good case for the "lead a low-key life" philosophy which Father and Mother Wang had instilled in him from a young age.

For Wang Ling, this spirit sword training was predictably boring. What Lao Gudong was teaching was a very basic spirit sword beginner's course.

In theory, at the Foundation Establishment stage, one was completely capable of flying a sword. However, Huaxiu nation's Education Department had made "flying a sword" a university-level course in the current education system.

What most Foundation Establishment students could learn in high school was basic maintenance of their spirit swords and basic skills in flying a sword.

Of course, as students of the elite class, they may also delve a little deeper into the content and learn things such as advanced sword skills and mental sword cultivation methods. However, these lessons still weren't any challenge for Wang Ling.

A so-called true master, with a sword not in his hand, but in his heart, could use a blade of grass to cut down even the stars — this highest realm of swordsmanship had long faded into history and most people thought it was just a legend. However, Wang Ling felt that without the restraining effects of the Dao talisman seal, it wouldn't be difficult for him at all to cut the stars down with a blade of grass.

The basic training for flying a sword mainly consisted of controlling their spirit swords to paint the figure "8" in the air. With his strength pulled back, Wang Ling carefully controlled his small wooden sword and tried his best to flunk the session, so that he didn't tear the roof off the gymnasium by mistake.

In the end, based on Lao Gudong's strict grading system, Wang Ling was ranked fourth of the students present in proficiency at flying a sword.

While fourth out of five people placed him in the bottom half, he was very satisfied with this ranking.

The person in last place was Lin Xiaoyu. To begin with, parent and child swords weren't very easy to control and required a level of swordsmanship that was more than two times as difficult as wielding one sword. What was worse, she had gotten the genders of her two spirit swords wrong all these years... hence, though they had been together for a very long time, they had yet to establish real rapport between them.

"If you go on like this, you'll get nowhere." Lao Gudong put his hands on his waist and sighed, feeling a slight headache.

A Lao Gudong in love was somewhat more unusual than normal, but that didn't mean he had been idle in collecting data on the previous spirit sword exchange meet between Number 59 High School and Number 58 High School.

On the surface, the students' levels in handling spirit swords appeared roughly the same among the three schools.

In fact, Number 60 High School had an advantage, because Sun Rong's Mysterious Sea had already spawned a sword spirit. To quote a chuuni 2 saying, in all of the one hundred schools, a high school student who bred a sword spirit was a very rare and extremely fearful existence...

2("Chuuni" is short for the Japanese term "chuunibyou," which translates to 'second year of middle school sickness,' and describes teenagers going through a phase where they try to act cool or edgy.) However, the spirit sword exchange meet was a team event and employed a team grading system. If Number 60 High School wanted to emerge victorious in this exchange meet, apart from Sun Rong and Chen Chao, the two best performers currently, the other three people had to ensure that at the very least, they obtained a final average score or higher — it would only take one person holding them back to produce poor results.

What was worth mentioning was that although Wang Ling was ranked fourth, his score was just above average, which Lao Gudong felt was really miraculous. For some reason, he felt that the person who had scored sixty points was somehow more skilled than the one who had scored full marks.

Currently, it looked like it was just Lin Xiaoyu who was holding them back. Furthermore, her score was very discouraging. The city-wide average score in proficiency at flying a sword was sixty-five, but Lin Xiaoyu hadn't even reached the passing score.

However, Lao Gudong was, after all, Lao Gudong. Headmaster Chen had sent him to lead this team, and even if this fatty who only knew how to eat snacks had now been blessed with luck in love, his teaching prowess was beyond question.

After that, the other students left the gym except for Lin Xiaoyu. There were still two more hours before dinner, which was supposed to be free time, but Lin Xiaoyu had to do extra training.

"Teacher, am I hopeless?" This fujoshi was obviously very upset, her head hanging low. Lin Xiaoyu felt that flying a sword had become the second most painful thing in her life, after her father burning her gay fanfiction.

Girls had thin skin 3 , so Lao Gudong would always give them face. If it had been Teacher Pan, she would have long broken out into cursing, resentful that a student didn't live up to her expectations, and she would have used various radical ways to stimulate the students' adrenal gland hormones.

3(To have 'thin skin' is naturally the opposite of having 'thick skin,' and means to be sensitive or easily upset.) However, every teacher had their own teaching style.

This method of berating students in order to spur them into action did not suit Lao Gudong's gentle image at all. Furthermore, this was a Lao Gudong who was in love; it was even less likely for him to criticize a schoolgirl who was suffering disappointment in her studies.

Compared with Teacher Pan's method of goading, Lao Gudong was better at giving encouragement.

Additionally, he was very good at applying the right fix to any situation.

Flying a pair of parent and child swords was indeed more difficult than flying a single sword, but the principle was the same. One just needed to memorize a few more of the original basic formulas. For students in the elite class, memorizing something had never been a problem, especially for Lin Xiaoyu, who was a top student.

Therefore, Lao Gudong felt that it wasn't that Lin Xiaoyu couldn't learn, but that she wasn't absorbing the lesson. Additionally, he could tell that she was feeling rather depressed.

In fact, the pile of treasured gay fanfiction burned several days ago was the main reason for Lin Xiaoyu's bad mood. But Lao Gudong had no idea about this situation at all, so he could only judge based on his years of experience and his own observations.

After all, secretly investigating a student's private affairs would be too much like the actions of a pervert...

In situations like this, Lao Gudong had a lot of relevant methods for solving this type of difficult problem.

In any case, he just needed to give the right type of encouragement for the student in question.

A spirit light glowed in Lao Gudong's hand as he conjured up a book which he had prepared beforehand, and he gave it to Lin Xiaoyu. "I hope Student Lin will enjoy this book. The names of the protagonists are very similar to those of your parent and child swords."

Curiously, Lin Xiaoyu took the book and saw on the cover four very elegant-looking words: Founder of Evil Sorcery...

...

Actually, before the spirit sword training and in line with his encouragement approach, Lao Gudong had very considerately prepared a gift for each student early on as an emergency incentive.

For Sun Rong, he had written a list of Wang Ling's favorite snacks.

For Chen Chao, he had prepared a dumbbell with a gravity system so that he could control its weight at will.

For Guo Hao, he had prepared a little book in which he had recorded all the student gossip which only he knew.

For Wang Ling, he had prepared a packet of the just released stir-fried swamp eel-flavored crispy noodle snack...





Chapter 43 Senior He's Revenge


The wind blows on school grounds except where there are no storm clouds...

A senior with a total of 8823 marks in three years, Senior Buliang, Senior Bufeng, Senior Fengyun 1 ...

1('Fengyun' means "storm clouds.") No one knew when He Bufeng's titles and legend had started to spread around the school.

Even He Bufeng himself didn't know when it was that people had started viewing him as a delinquent.

...Was it three years ago, perhaps, after the end of his passionate first love in high school?

He Bufeng had already completely forgotten it and no longer cared. If others already saw him as a school bully and delinquent, just rolling with it sometimes was a way of freeing himself from the burden of everything.

Since becoming a delinquent, he had discovered that he could willfully enter any of the school toilets, and only after he finished peeing would the other students gingerly dare use them. The canteen auntie would give him the most meat, and everyone in the school was afraid of him, even the teachers... even Director Xie, who always had a stiff expression on her face, would retreat whenever she saw him.

Honestly, at the beginning, He Bufeng had really hated it when everyone avoided him like the plague.

However, he began to gradually learn to enjoy it.

He had been surprised when Tang Jingze came looking for him this morning. This man, who in the previous exchange meet with Number 58 High School had driven their teachers and students out of their minds, had actually humbly come looking for him to earnestly request his help in teaching those "outrageous" guys from Number 60 High School a lesson.

...

"So it's these four people?" In the male toilets where they had arranged to meet, He Bufeng dropped his cigarette butt and ground it hard under his foot as he looked at the photos and relevant information which Tang Jingze had given to him.

"Yes, that's them..." Tang Jingze replied weakly. Fang Huaqing and Liang Wei were huddled behind him, not daring to say even a single word... this Senior Buliang was really every bit as terrifying as the rumors said.

"I remember that Number 60 High School sent five student representatives this time. Did you cross off that Sun Rong from your list? What, are you looking down on me? Think I'm not capable of fixing her?" He Bufeng looked at the data in his hands with a smile.

"..."

It was a simple question, but it made Tang Jingze shudder.

"Haha, don't be afraid." He Bufeng gave Tang Jingze a pat on his shoulder. "She's the Young Miss of Huaguo Water Curtain Group, after all. It isn't just anybody that can screw with a person like that."

"Senior's words make sense..."

"But I don't have much time, at most I can help you teach one of them a lesson."

He Bufeng pointed at the photos. "First, among these four people, I don't make it a habit to bully women, so this one named Lin Xiaoyu can pass."

"Mm, senior is really considerate!" Liang Wei flattered him.

Then He Bufeng pointed at Chen Chao's photo. "Second, this muscular bro seems like he would be very difficult to deal with. I don't want to end up wrestling philosophically 2 with him when I teach him a lesson. According to the data, this guy's family also has some sort of background, so pass."

2(This is a real doozy to explain. This refers to Billy Herrington, a gay porn actor who became a meme in Japan after a video clip of an underwear wrestling scene which he starred in went viral. All his wrestling videos were given deliberately misleading titles, including 'Forest Fairy' and 'Philosophy.' This culminated in a 'Fairy Philosophy,' which the following webpage describes far better than we ever could: http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/people/billy-herrington-gachimuchi) "..."

Then He Bufeng pointed at Guo Hao in the photo. "And this one might look very silly, but his family runs a store selling soul pets. I feel that the parrot he's carrying would be difficult to deal with."

"..."

At last, He Bufeng looked at Wang Ling's photo. "From the information, this guy seems the easiest to bully? So let's go with him!"

"..."

Senior, are you sure you won't reconsider?

...

Wang Ling was free to do whatever he wanted after leaving the gym. Lao Gudong had made Lin Xiaoyu stay back to read Founder of Evil Sorcery ; Sun Rong had taken advantage of Number 59 High School's class hours to run up to the school rooftop and try summoning her sword spirit, for the sake of strengthening their rapport; and Chen Chao and Guo Hao, these two unambitious guys, had dashed back to the school dormitory right after training to play games.

Wang Ling didn't need training, and he didn't play games often, since he could very easily destroy any device he held in his hands. Of course, there were games in the specially developed wristwatch which Wang Ming had given to him, and the games library was updated every Monday to include almost all of the latest games on the market.

However, Wang Ling hadn't played a single game on his watch, because the values generated while he played could reflect his reaction ability, agility and so on... he absolutely didn't want that numbers-crazy pervert to get hold of any clues about him...

He had always thought that he was actually a very boring person and had kept to himself since he was a child.

Of course, this also had to do with how Father and Mother Wang had educated him. Many times, Wang Ling had thought that if he didn't have this level of power, he would just be the most ordinary person ever.

God gave each person an opportunity, but also made everyone equal. Wang Ling had been bestowed unrivalled strength, but the price he paid for it was equally bitter.

He was unable to enjoy playing games, unable to make particularly close friends, unable to high-five his bros when he was delighted — even when he sneezed or slept he had to be careful... he had to watch his strength every so often and do his best to avoid causing any accidental injuries. This wasn't a responsibility only to himself, but more so to other people.

When he was younger, loneliness had probably been the greatest shadow over his childhood, but he gradually got used to being alone as he grew older.

However, his life seemed to have become much livelier ever since he came to Number 60 High School... especially during this off-campus school activity in the last few days. For the first time, he was experiencing what it was like to live in a group. He was very unaccustomed to it, though, and it made him feel very uncomfortable.

This free time now was truly a rare opportunity for him to enjoy some solitary peace and quiet.

...

How did that song go again?

Walk with me on the street on campus, ooh oh... ooh oh...

Whether it was Number 59 High School or the much talked-about Number 58 High School, they had similar places on school grounds like Number 60 High School's small garden.

After Number 59 High School had been expanded by that circumcision director of the school board, in addition to the wide, new trail lined by trees and the new school dormitory, a plot of land behind the dormitory building had also been expanded.

That was a sakura forest full of sakura trees.

It was sakura season, and the blooming trees had turned the forest pink. Standing in their midst gave a person the feeling of first love.

After classes at Number 59 High School were over for the day, couples could be seen elegantly pledging their love to one another under the sakura trees.

When the wind blew, sakura petals rose from the tops of the trees and danced along the ground. Several of them settled gently on Wang Ling's short hair and shoulders... the beautiful sakura and the quiet teenager... it was a uniquely beautiful scene.





Chapter 44 A Chance Encounter Between a Cat and a Human


Wang Ling raised a light pink petal, closed his eyes and carefully breathed in its fragrance.

He felt that this scent truly fit the season.

These were just very ordinary sakura trees; compared with the various spirit fruit trees sold on the market that had been grown from the seed, sakura trees didn't have any spirit aura. Still, they were indispensable for adding to the atmosphere on school grounds.

This was exactly the kind of life he wanted...

Wang Ling fully enjoyed the rare serenity. He stood silently among the sakura trees, inhaling their pure fragrance. When he closed his eyes, it was as if he was the only person left in the universe.

Suddenly, his body jolted and he shivered unexpectedly!

Of course, it wasn't because he was cold from the wind; his muscles had spasmed completely for some other reason. His body would never feel cold, he was immune to all poisons, and before any virus could even enter his body, it would be destroyed by his powerful spirit energy molecules. As a result, he had never suffered from illnesses of any kind, whether minor or major, since birth — he didn't even know what it was like to have a cold.

His muscles did spasm on occasion, usually when he was in a solitary mood. This had nothing to do with the flesh but with the nerves. Wang Ling stood at the peak above all human cultivators in terms of cultivation realms, but very few would understand how lonely it was at the top.

The Immortal King wasn't an old man who chanted prayers in a dilapidated temple all day long, nor was he a Taoist priest disillusioned with the mortal world. When all was said and done, he was just a sixteen-year-old boy who also had emotions... Wang Ling himself said that he was already accustomed to it, but while he would never admit it even if he was beaten to death, in his heart, he was actually very lonely.

He walked ahead, treading gently on the soft sakura petals. As the cool wind brushed over his cheeks, he heard faint voices on the air.

Following them, he looked in the direction they were coming from.

Under a sakura tree not too far away, a few kittens were playing happily, jumping and pouncing on the petals that drifted down. These were ordinary stray cats, which every school had.

Sometimes, he quite envied these little carefree kittens that didn't have to worry about anything. When they were hungry, some school shit-shoveling officer would inevitably feed them; when they were finished eating, they could roll around and play; when they were tired from playing, they could flop down and sleep... they didn't need to worry about controlling their strength, and were unburdened by worries or cares or limits.

Staring at these cute little kittens, Wang Ling wanted to stretch out his hands to pick one up for a cuddle, but in the end, he still pulled his hands back after taking into account the weakening effect of the talisman seal.

Under the sakura trees, a pretty boy and a few romping cats... this should have been a beautiful picture of harmony between man and nature.

However, this kind of harmony could be broken sometimes, especially when a person was capable of using the Mind-Reading Ability...

While Wang Ling was watching the kittens, he could clearly hear the voices in their hearts.

The big cat that was the leader of the little group: "Look, this human has been staring at us for a while."

Second Cat: "He could be a pervert!"

Third Cat: "We should hurry up and leave! Just now it looked like he wanted to grab us!"

Fourth Cat: "I heard previously there was a pervert who especially caught cats to make them into kebabs... it's so dangerous here!"

Big Cat: "It's exactly two o'clock, Boss Zheng Tan has a meeting to chair! Let's go, go!"

Wang Ling: "..."

Then.

The cats all ran off in one direction...

Wang Ling had experienced plenty of this sort of embarrassment since his childhood, especially when the Dao talisman seal was weak. His aura would be much heavier than normal and animals as well as insects were usually more sensitive to such a dangerous aura compared with humans.

However, not all creatures were afraid of Wang Ling. Occasionally, a few dragonflies and butterflies would recklessly rest on his shoulder and hair...

Wang Ling started to walk in the direction the kittens had run off in. Before coming to Number 59 High School, he had heard about a small man-made lotus pond in its sakura forest through his Mind-Reading Ability.

This small lotus pond was newly built and previously there had been a small incident when a sparrow had drowned by accident... some mischievous students had nicknamed the sparrow Xia Yuhe, then set up a stele for it by the side of the lotus pond, which they named "Lake Little Ming." 1

1(Xia Yuhe, the mother of Princess Ziwei, once fell in love with Emperor Qianlong at Lake Big Ming, in the Chinese TV series 'Princess Pearl.') Wang Ling was a little worried that something might happen to those kittens, so he decided to follow them. The little guys were still too young, and while the water in the lotus pond only reached roughly up to his knees, it was more than deep enough for them.

However, it turned out that he had been thinking too much...

This group of kittens obviously had their own secret base; when Wang Ling reached Lake Little Ming, it was quiet all around, with not even a shadow of a cat to be seen.

He sighed and was about to leave when he suddenly heard a meow from a nearby sakura tree, and then saw a black shadow fall into the lotus pond.

Flop!

There was a huge splash...

Wang Ling was very close to the lotus pond. Under normal circumstances, if he hadn't reacted in time, he definitely would have been drenched. However, before the water reached him, it froze in the air. After that, Wang Ling moved his fingers, and like a tide ebbing, all the water retreated back to the lotus pond.

He sighed with secret relief; because of his rampant power, he had destroyed a number of things at Number 59 High School in these last few days, from big ones like the spirit gathering arrays to smaller ones like their electronic equipment... in fact, he still felt very guilty. The water in the lotus pond was more or less also school property, but he felt that he had salvaged the situation just in time.

This wasn't Time Recall, but the Great Gravitation Spell, one of the Three Thousand Great Spells. The "Absorbing Palm" which Elder Xiao of the Xiao clan had previously been famous for also used part of the principle of this spell as reference.

Of course, using Time Recall would produce the same results, but it would consume a tremendous amount of Wang Ling's spirit energy. Besides, the main thing was that with Time Recall, the world's timeline would also be reversed... therefore, unless it was a last resort, he wouldn't use this ability so readily.

Wang Ling stood next to the lotus pond, searching for the shadow that had fallen in just now. Although it had happened in a flash, with his exceptional dynamic vision, he still could determine... that thing, was probably a black cat.

Obviously, this "black cat" was a bit dumbfounded.

After all, it had deliberately jumped down to splash this person with water.

After jumping into the water, the "black cat" had immediately retreated to the side as planned, hiding along one side of the lotus pond as it secretly observed Wang Ling. And then it had seen him use the Great Gravitation Spell...

"...Never thought that this person could use such an advanced spell!"

Who could have imagined that the first step in their carefully formulated plan to bully this person would fail — what a disastrous beginning! He Bufeng the black cat sighed in his heart.

He scurried onto a lotus leaf on one side of the lotus pond. After all, it was an artificial pond; both the lotus and lotus leaves were fake and buoyant like the kickboards used for learning to swim, so he was able to tread securely on a lotus leaf.

It wasn't the first time that he had changed into a cat, so his movements were pretty nimble. Four limbs involved a different set of movements than two legs and it had taken a lot of practice to get used to it.

This "black cat" had also officially caught Wang Ling's eye.

After a brief showdown between man and cat, He Bufeng jumped off the lotus leaf...

With a three hundred and sixty degree Thomas flair 2 , he plunged into the water!

2(The Thomas flair is a gymnastic move which was first performed on the pommel horse by gymnast Kurt Thomas. It's also used in breakdancing, and is then more commonly spelled as 'flare.') And then he began to struggle hard on the surface...

Even without his Mind-Reading Ability, Wang Ling knew this guy had definitely done it on purpose!

What was more, he now knew everything... he was well aware that the black cat was actually a person who had been sent by Tang Jingze to bully him.

Under these circumstances, if Wang Ling rescued him, there would definitely be some other dirty trick that would be played on him; but if he dismissed it, he figured that he would be labeled as someone who stood aside when others were in peril. Furthermore, it would very likely affect the reputation of Number 60 High School. After all, Lao Gudong had said that every one of them who had come to Number 59 High School represented the image of Number 60 High School.

Rescue, of course he would rescue him...

But with a little appropriate punishment...

Wang Ling stared at the black cat struggling in the water and the corners of his mouth lifted slightly, revealing a "kind" smile.





Chapter 45 Wang Ling Is Lei Feng


After seeing Lao Gudong's passive skill at attracting women in his "artsy mode," Wang Ling had started to sort out his own passive skills.

Because sometimes, especially for him, the trouble wasn't always caused by the power he couldn't control, but by his "passive skills."

Thus, over the last two days, he had in fact been silently sorting his passive skills into the practical series, the chicken rib 1 series and the damn useful series... this really did make things clear and simple at a glance.

1(Colloquially speaking, "chicken ribs" in Chinese refer to things that have little value or are of little interest, but which a person is reluctant to give up.) In the damn useful series, the skill that had left the deepest impression on Wang Ling was a passive branch spell called "Jumping Carp," which had originated from one of the Three Thousand Great Spells, the "Great Wave Palm." As long as he clapped his hands at a person thirty-two times consecutively, that person would start acting like Magikarp 2 when it utilized its Splash move: flopping around with no attack effect whatsoever.

2(Magikarp is a fish-type Pokemon that ... is pretty much useless.) And then, in the chicken rib series... from the name alone, one could tell that the passive skills in this series were the type that were "tasteless, but a waste to discard." Some of the skills might seem very practical, but were of no value to him.

For instance, the passive spell the "Boundless Devouring," was a branch spell of one of the Three Thousand Great Spells, the "Great Devouring Spell"— as long as Wang Ling dropped his tears in any kind of food, the food would multiply quickly within a short period of time, one becoming two, two becoming four... unfortunately, he wasn't a foodie. The only thing he liked were crispy noodle snacks.

He remembered using this spell to clone his crispy noodle snack when he was a kid. In the end, the crispy noodle snacks had multiplied like crazy beyond his control. At that time, he could only open a tunnel and send these magically cloned crispy noodle snacks into the boundless vastness that was the universe.

By now, these crispy noodle snacks had probably already formed their own galaxy...

So though he had a lot of passive skills, most of them weren't very practical.

As for the practical skills series, although there were only a pitiful few, they were all abilities that he thought were very useful for hiding his cultivation realm, like the "Great Shielding Spell," which blocked the possibility of unscrupulous people investigating him through whatever means available.

And now, in front of this "black cat movie king" floundering in the water, another one of Wang Ling's passive skills had unwittingly activated...

His Heavenly Eye had the ability to "eliminate the false and retain the true"!

Honestly speaking, even he hadn't expected that in this type of Foundation Establishment high school, there would actually be people who knew how to use the Transformation Spell. This was quite an advanced skill. The General Administration of 100 Schools didn't forbid people from learning it, but given its complexity, it was useless for a Foundation Establishment cultivator to try and learn this skill on their own without the guidance of a master.

...

At this moment, the "black cat movie king" had already been struggling in the lotus pond for two whole minutes...

Faced with such a weak and pitiful kitten, this person actually had no sympathy at all!

This was what He Bufeng was thinking in his heart.

Earlier on, he had arranged for his shamate underling to be in position nearby to immediately take photos as evidence any time Wang Ling behaved as if he wasn't going to do anything to save him... then the next day, they would flood the school's Tieba 3 and BBS forums! For this small piece of news, they would only need to write a sentimental article and exaggerate it a little, and it would definitely rile up a whole bunch of shit-shoveling officers who would condemn Wang Ling en masse.

3(Tieba is a Chinese online communications platform.) At that time, Number 60 High School would definitely lose face.

However, the premise of the whole plan depended on the Transformation Spell working flawlessly.

...

The black cat was still floundering merrily in the lotus pond...

"..." Wang Ling stared at the black cat; no one noticed his pupils, as dark and deep as obsidian, shine with unusual radiance, like a kaleidoscope.

It had to be said that He Bufeng's Transformation Spell was superb and he could hide perfectly from most people's eyes and ears. Unfortunately, this petty transformation couldn't escape the authority of the Heavenly Eye.

While He Bufeng was playing delightedly in the lotus pond, he was surprised to notice that he seemed to be creating much bigger splashes and his visual angle was changing drastically. Even the black fur on his hand seemed to be disappearing...

Huh... strange!

The situation...

Seemed a bit off...

Then, after a few short seconds.

He stood up in the lotus pond, his face full of surprise...

Standing gallantly, full of vigor, his wet balls hanging out...

...Fuck!

He Bufeng had utterly never expected to turn back into a human at this moment! And the most alarming thing was that his clothes were gone!

"..." Stung by the sight, Wang Ling covered his eyes as he also thought "fuck" in his heart. Someone please tell him... why the hell had He Bufeng's clothes been restored to nothing! This damn ability to "eliminate the false and retain the true" was really a bit too thorough! It stung the eyes! Obviously the spell had a bug somewhere!

The scene was an unimaginable embarrassment for Wang Ling.

He felt a little repentant!

He couldn't control this Heavenly Eye passive skill... the ability to eliminate the false and retain the true was indeed impressive, and could help him see through plenty of false illusions.

Clearly, however, there were times when things were restored too thoroughly, which wasn't a good thing...

At that very moment, He Bufeng felt wretched and like he had gone a little crazy — as if he was in a game and had drunk a healing potion with a transformation effect, but then found out that all his top gear had been swallowed by the system. Additionally, this feeling of wind blowing coldly on eggs made his balls ache with melancholy 4 ...

4("Wind blowing on eggs" is adapted from the first part of a Chinese saying: "Like wind blowing on eggshells, when money is gone, a person feels light," and thus refers to He Bufeng (literally) losing everything. There is a also a pun here, in that the pinyin for egg 蛋 is the same used in describing a man's balls 蛋蛋.) He covered his face and once again sank down into the lotus pond — he didn't think he had ever felt this ashamed before.

There was no one around, and his shamate underling was still lurking at a distance, completely unaware of what had happened.

Bracing himself, He Bufeng looked at Wang Ling and said in an entreating tone, "Classmate, could you please find me some clothes..."

Wang Ling: "..."

After thinking for a bit, Wang Ling took off his jacket and threw it beside the lotus pond.

He then lowered his head and quietly turned around to leave.

After all, he was not Chen Chao and would never show interest in a brother who had stripped completely.

...

A young boy walking among the sakura trees, carrying a slightly melancholy air...

Sitting dazedly in the middle of the cold lotus pond, He Bufeng looked at Wang Ling's back as the other boy left.

He hadn't expected the Transformation Spell to wear off so rapidly. What was more, he hadn't thought that this guy, who he was supposed to be bullying, would instead come to his rescue during the most embarrassing moment of his life.

Utterly ashamed, He Bufeng climbed out of the lotus pond and put on the blue jacket which Wang Ling had given him. The sports jacket was longer than ordinary clothes and was just able to cover his embarrassing bits. Luckily school wasn't over yet, otherwise, he would really have been embarrassed if there had been more people in the sakura forest.

"Boss, I recorded everything!" The shamate underling popped up next to him.

"Fuck! Still want to fucking record! Delete all of it!" He Bufeng's face twitched. He recalled the moment when he had just turned back into a human and had yet to react — still happily splashing around in the lotus pond, he would just look like a dimwit. How could he keep such a video?

"Then this person... are we bullying him or not?"

"For this type of student from another school who upholds the three views, we should open our arms and welcome him! If not for this Classmate Lei Feng 5 , I would have completely lost face!" As He Bufeng said this, he stripped hisshamate underling of his pants and put them on.

5(Lei Feng was a soldier in the People's Liberation Army who, after his death, was held up by the communist party as an example of a model citizen. He has become a cultural icon, symbolizing selflessness, modesty and dedication.) "..."

As the breeze brushed against his bare thighs and short leg hairs, the shamateunderling felt a little aggrieved.

"I will have to properly thank this Classmate Lei Feng later." He Bufeng sighed. Thinking of Tang Jingze's group of people that wanted to stir up trouble, he keenly felt the gap in the quality of character between the students of the two schools... he couldn't continue being a degenerate like this. Number 59 High School's Student Union had to be completely reorganized!

The two individuals stared in the direction which Wang Ling had disappeared in for quite a long time.

Then, unwittingly, Wang Ling's "Great Shielding Spell" was reactivated...

Almost at the same time, the two people realized an important problem...

Fucking wait! —

This Classmate Lei Feng... what the fuck was his name?





Chapter 46 Sad Zhuo Yi


Wang Ling absolutely didn't want to be Lei Feng. He Bufeng had caused this incident himself, so he only had himself to blame. Wang Ling could have ignored it and chosen to walk away.

However, Father and Mother Wang had taught him from young that he had to have a bottom line in anything he did... leave a line in all things, in case of meeting again 1 . Even if He Bufeng was a delinquent, he was still in no way like that heinous bunch of Shadow Stream dog-headed humans 2 ...

1("Leaving a line in case of meeting again" roughly means to maintain cordial relations in case of encountering the same people again in the future.) 2(Dog-headed humans is a literal translation of 人头狗, which in online games like King of Glory refer to players who know they are about to die, and so try to take their opponents out with them using FLASH or IGNITE attacks.) Hence, Wang Ling left his school jacket, a decision he made even after considering overall the relationship between the two schools. Everyone knew that the relationship between Number 59 High School and Number 60 High School wasn't very good.

But then, when would the cycle of revenge end?

Wang Ling didn't know whether a single school jacket could change anything, but he thought it was worth a try.

After all, even Director Xie, the most difficult person to deal with in Number 59 High School, had been ensnared by Lao Gudong. Anything was possible...

...

In Number 59 High School, someone's ass and balls were turning blue from the wind.

Elsewhere, in the office of the General Administration of 100 Schools, Zhuo Yi was feeling very sad today.

Zhuo Yi, who had become Deputy Director of the General Administration of 100 Schools at a young age, was the envy of outsiders, but no one knew the considerable pressure which he was under.

On one side, this pressure came from his superior.

The General Administration of 100 Schools was in charge of all the cultivation schools, even kindergartens, in Songhai city. All the major district education offices were subject to its directives. And above the General Administration of 100 Schools sat the Alliance of Ten Thousand Schools, which was under the direct jurisdiction of Secretary Sun Dakang, a member of the central government.

The position of Deputy Director wasn't big or small. However, in Zhuo Yi's opinion, sitting in this position was just like prostituting himself... the benefits all went to the Director while he was the one who answered the phone calls in the office. Pressure from his superior directly led to work pressure, which made him feel that his life was miserable.

On the other side, the pressure also came from Zhuo Yi himself.

He was well aware of the reason why he had been able to become Deputy Director. Additionally, what terrified him the most was how, at the annual meeting every year, a few of his drunk superiors would insist on dragging him over to perform the "Sky-Parting Sword Skill" that he had used to kill the Tuntian Ha back then...

In short, sitting in this position of Deputy Director was very exhausting for him.

There was no shortage of parents who came to see him about their children entering school. The issue of their children's education was an important matter, so it was impossible for him not to help. Of course, there were also plenty of parents who discretely tried to give Zhuo Yi red packets, but he never accepted them.

He thought that although he wasn't quite at the level of a true, morally upstanding model worker, at least he was upright and honest... which was why he wanted to report his own superior for corruption and would face whatever consequences to come out of it. However, he didn't have a shred of evidence.

Furthermore, since the Anti-Corruption Bureau of Huaxiu nation's central government had issued the Eight Provisions and Six Bans, various leaders had begun to restrain themselves, no longer indulging in luxury and debauchery. Party banquets no longer even served dishes; leaders would take out abalone-flavored fasting pills from their pockets, pop them into their mouths, then start drinking tea and chatting...

Thus, it was more difficult now for Zhuo Yi to find proof.

...

Number 60 High School's defeat of the international, first-class assassin organization Shadow Stream had become a widely-discussed topic in society. With regard to the spirit sword exchange meet between Number 59 High School and Number 60 High School this time, the head office of the Alliance of Ten Thousand Schools had personally called Zhuo Yi to express fervent concern regarding the event.

Actually, the main issue was Sun Rong's safety. After Shadow Stream's assassination attempt, rumor was that the big boss of Huaguo Water Curtain Group had directly called the central government... Zhuo Yi didn't know what they had specifically talked about. However, after that, the head office of the Alliance of Ten Thousand Schools had personally called Zhuo Yi to ask about all of Sun Rong's movements at school.

Just that morning, he had personally answered a phone call from his senior.

Over the phone, he could guess what his senior wanted to talk about. It was very likely about the security issue.

This time, so many first-class Shadow Stream killers had died — there was no way they would give up so easily.

In the spirit sword exchange meet between the two schools, leaders of various status would be present. The more people there were, the higher the chance of something happening. Problems were bound to arise if there weren't any security measures in place. In fact, Zhuo Yi had had people carry out surveillance in the last two days, for fear of something going wrong. If this task wasn't dispatched satisfactorily, the first unlucky person in the line of fire would be him, as the Deputy Director who had ordered for this very important task to be carried out.

A receptionist and a scapegoat... it sounded pretty sad, but these truly were the problems which Zhuo Yi currently faced.

It wasn't just about work, but more about the current situation.

After he had gotten off the call with the head of the Alliance of Ten Thousand Schools in the morning, an unusual guest visited Zhuo Yi's office that afternoon.

The person was very tall, dressed stylishly in a black windbreaker and carrying a motorcycle helmet. He didn't look like anyone important at first, but the moment he pushed open the office door, Zhuo Yi was struck completely dumb as he almost started cursing in his heart. "Sec... Secretary Dakang?"

Sun Dakang, the Director of Huaxiu nation's Education Department and Secretary of the Alliance of Ten Thousand Schools... this old leader of unfathomable realm was a monumentally influential personage in Jinghua city.

Zhuo Yi hadn't had any direct contact with this legendary old leader before and had only seen him from afar at previous annual regular meetings.

Honestly speaking, he had only been able to recognize Sun Dakang's identity at first glance because he was so deeply impressed by the man.

Rumor had it that Secretary Sun Dakang was a very low-key person, and when Zhuo Yi saw him today, he could see it was true... god, a black windbreaker and a helmet — anyone who didn't know might take him for the food delivery man!

Sun Dakang put down his motorcycle helmet and didn't wait to be invited before he sat down in a guest chair with a faint sigh. "After so many years, this place... it really hasn't changed at all." His voice was magnetic and had that particular accent which older leaders used, giving his manner of speech a unique lingering charm.

Usually there were plenty of parents who visited the office, and the tea leaves which Zhuo Yi had on hand were running low. When he opened the tea canister and couldn't find anything good to offer, he immediately felt a little embarrassed.

Sun Dakang smiled at Zhuo Yi. "It's alright, Deputy Director Zhuo, green tea is fine. I turned up uninvited today, I hope Deputy Director Zhuo won't blame me for it."

Zhuo Yi hurried to offer Sun Dakang a cup of herbal tea. "How can Secretary Dakang say that... if there is a problem, a phone call would have sufficed."

"This telephone is the people's hotline, I don't have the right to use it." Sun Dakang laughed and said, "...So, I came to visit you myself today."

"If it's about Student Sun Rong's safety, I have already made the arrangements. If Secretary Dakang is worried..."

"That's not the reason why I'm here today."

Sun Dazhong waved his hand. "With regard to Student Sun Rong's safety, we are of course very confident in Deputy Director Zhuo's arrangements. Upper management is aware of Deputy Director Zhuo's contributions to the General Administration of 100 Schools in Songhai city in the last few years. If Deputy Director Zhuo hadn't personally made plans to protect Number 60 High School and defeated Shadow Stream a few days ago, I'm afraid that might have been the biggest terrorist attack we would have ever experienced in the history of education in our Huaxiu nation. If we didn't have Deputy Director Zhuo, who could predict what could have happened then!"

"..."

Zhuo Yi: "Then why has Secretary Dakang come to see me today?"

"Number 60 High School's spirit sword exchange meet will be held in two days. This time, I will be observing it on behalf of my superiors."

"..."

"It suddenly occurred to me yesterday that I hadn't informed anyone yet. It's not too late for me to come and report to Deputy Director Zhuo, is it? Of course, it's fine for only Deputy Director Zhuo to know of this matter and to give me another identity under the General Administration of 100 Schools when I take part in this event. If my real identity alarms too many people or causes a fuss, it'd be boring."

Sun Dakang spoke frankly and evenly, his expression mild. "In short... a low-key profile!"

"...Old leader, what are you talking about?"

Zhuo Yi wiped at his cold sweat and could already make the connection. Bloody hell, if this got out...

The school authorities of Number 59 High School and Number 60 High School would go crazy... and not just the school, local and even city-level leaders would be shocked...

Sun Dakang this name was really too famous.

Even without saying anything else, just hearing this name would make anyone shudder. This Secretary of the Alliance of Ten Thousand Schools was one of the ten renowned personages who had founded Huaxiu nation! He was a hero who had once fought bravely on the ancient cultivation battlefield, an old general who had made distinguished contributions to the creation of the Scientific Cultivation era!

Zhuo Yi couldn't help feeling doubtful when he thought about this... such an esteemed person actually wanted to attend a spirit sword exchange meet between two ordinary high schools?

He felt it was really too inconceivable!

"Apart from this, there was one other thing."

Sun Dakang took a sip of tea. "I wonder whether Deputy Director Zhuo still remembers the demon rampage that happened six years ago?"

"..."

At the mention of that incident six years ago, Zhuo Yi felt a faint sense of foreboding.





Chapter 47 As Soon as There Is an Opportunity Before You...


Every time Zhuo Yi heard mention of the demon rampage from six years ago, he couldn't help shuddering. At the annual meeting every year, a few of his drunk superiors would keep insisting that he perform the Sky-Parting Sword. The shadow cast by the psychological burden in his heart was already higher than the sky and deeper than the sea...

Therefore, when Secretary Sun Dakang brought up this old incident, Zhuo Yi could almost guess what his next words were going to be.

Sure enough, this old leader with quite the character glanced at him, his mouth tilted upward slightly in a smile. "I heard that Deputy Director Zhuo's Sky-Parting Sword is a unique ability. Why not perform it on the day of the spirit sword exchange meet?"

"..."

For a long while, Zhuo Yi was silent, saying nothing.

At the regular meetings in the past, when the drunk old leaders had asked him to perform, it had been very easy for him to find a good reason to decline. After all, they were just a group of befuddled drunkards. However, for the man sitting in front of him now to make such a request, he really couldn't find any reason to refuse...

On one hand, he didn't dare to.

On the other hand, he truly wasn't capable of doing it... all these years, he had spent so much time privately studying this Sky-Parting Sword, but until now, he had nothing to show for it...

"Hm, is there a problem?"

Seeing that Zhuo Yi had said nothing for quite a while, Sun Dakang smiled faintly. "If it's really inconvenient, just pretend I didn't say anything, I also only said it on the spur of the moment. I just thought that as a previous senior of Number 60 High School and now the role model most young people look up to, if you can show your ability and talent at this type of public event, it would definitely be a tremendous encouragement!"

"...Old leader, don't misunderstand, that wasn't what I meant. I..."

"Ah, if that's not it, then that's good." Sun Dakang swiftly responded, directly cutting off Zhuo Yi before he could finish his sentence.

Zhuo Yi had been going to ask if he could perform something else — even smashing rocks on his chest would be preferable to the Sky-Parting Sword!

However, Sun Dakang's firm and resolute attitude made him completely give up on this idea.

...This time, he really, really couldn't escape!

Zhuo Yi sighed secretly in his heart and sincerely felt that this was a real headache.

He was now in a very difficult situation and had no way to back out. If he did well enough and pleased Secretary Sun Dakang, maybe he would be promoted — he could then say farewell forever to prostituting himself as Deputy Director, a position he had already held for so many years, and head toward a new life; however, if he didn't do well, he knew very clearly in his heart that he really would be saying goodbye to this position...

"It really isn't easy to hold this position at such a young age."

"..."

As he spoke, Sun Dakang suddenly stood up and solemnly patted Zhuo Yi on the shoulder, scaring Zhuo Yi so much he almost fell off the chair.

"I know you may have your concerns. You must think yourself too young, you don't want to show off in front of experts and you want to keep a low profile since tall trees attract the wind 1 , am I right?"

1(This means that well-known or distinguished people are liable to be criticized.) "..."

"Let me tell you a story from the ancient cultivation battlefield," said Sun Dakang.

Zhuo Yi perked up and raised his head.

"That year, it was the last battle before the founding of our nation, the Battle of Shimen..."

Currently, what the vast majority of young people had heard about the ancient cultivation battlefield was all just legend. This history, which had been sealed away for many years, wasn't something that could be found in junior or high school teaching materials. It was only at university level that students gained some preliminary understanding of it. Zhuo Yi hadn't specialized in history when he was in university, but he still had some basic knowledge of "The Battle of Shimen 2 ."

2('Shimen' translates to "stone doors.") That battle... was really too famous.

As Secretary Dakang recounted the story, there were crystalline tears in his eyes, as if he was recalling many things. "When the battle happened that year, we were besieged by seven demon gods with towering might that had come through the Gate Between Worlds. Together with the current Minister of the Ministry of National Defense, Shi Yuliang, we were able to fight back and held fast outside the Stone Doors of Dagu Mountain."

Zhuo Yi listened quietly with wide eyes. Not everyone had this type of opportunity to listen to a firsthand account of history.

"They were demon gods... they had monstrous, godly might and nomological powers, bleeding the world of color and frightening the people. Even the sun was forced to sink under their pressure. From hundreds of li away, you could see that exceptional, magnificent blaze above the Stone Doors...

"The chief of the demon gods was strong. His whole being glowed with every move he made, and all of heaven and earth reverberated with just one wave of his hand. Minister Shi Yuliang fought with all his strength, but in the end was no match for the enemy. However, this was already the final battle, the Battle of Shimen. We had been charged by our seniors to hold and defend the gateway; even at the cost of defeat, we refused to yield even a single inch!"

Deeply absorbed in listening, Zhuo Yi's mood was swept up with the old Secretary's retelling. He could already imagine the terrifying scene on the ancient cultivation battlefield, with the fires of war soaring, and godly might pressing down on them.

And now, the old Secretary standing before him and telling him this story, who looked like a middle-aged man but was already an immortal living fossil... he was a man who had walked step by step out of that era and witnessed the advent of a new scientific one...

This conversation revealed a profound sense of age which made Zhuo Yi feel as if it had happened lifetimes ago.

"In the end, our strength was spent and we fell in front of the Stone Doors. Minister Shi was the only one left standing. He set his godly blood on fire, and at the cost of sacrificing the zhizungu 3 inside his own body, he summoned the divine Gaoxiao Qin 4 and played a divine song which gave us strength! It also empowered him to his fullest potential... in the end, he beheaded all the seven demon gods! He held the Stone Doors! And laid the foundation for the establishment of Huaxiu nation..."

3('Zhizungu' comes from the xuanhuan novel 'Perfect World' and is a supreme bone in someone's body which contains tremendous energy) 4(The qin is the oldest stringed musical instrument in Chinese history and is also called the guqin ("ancient zither") or the qixianqin ("seven-stringed zither").) "But Minister Shi in the end did survive..." said Zhuo Yi.

The old Secretary smiled. "That's right! He survived. At that time, even his tombstone had been erected and his entire body had already been buried. Only god knows why this guy's pet bird Xiao Hong threw a blade of god grass on his burial mound, renewing and nourishing his life force. In the end, he climbed out of his own grave. Don't you think it's hilarious..."

Zhuo Yi: "..."

In this world, there really were very few people who could call that old Minister "this guy."

"After hearing this story, what have you learned?" Sun Dakang asked, looking at Zhuo Yi.

The old Secretary hadn't told this story in vain. The story's conclusion was very important. Zhuo Yi had mixed emotions in his heart after hearing it. "Old Secretary used this story to tell me that I should exercise willpower and perseverance in whatever I do, and to never give up until the last moment. I should learn from Minister Shi Yuliang, and respect his tenacious life force. Right?"

"...You think too much."

Secretary Sun rolled his eyes. "What I want to tell you is to hurry up and show off whatever talent you have. Don't hide it — don't be like Minister Shi and hide your ultimate move, only waiting until the last moment to use it. In the end, he almost died! You're not Ultraman! As soon as an opportunity for you to show off presents itself, if you can do it, just do it! Don't regret it after you've lost your chance!"

Zhuo Yi: "..."





Chapter 48 Miss Dong


After the collapse of the Peiyuan district branch of the Pengci Gang, Madam Dong had led a group of old men and women to establish the General Administration of Harmony.

Since then, the pengci scandals in Peiyuan district, as well as various other types of disorderly conduct, seemed to instantly disappear.

No one wanted to be accosted on a street corner by a bunch of old men and old women while on the way to work, and forced to recite the core values of cultivation as well as the eight honors and eight disgraces in the red book... because of this, no one parked illegally on the streets anymore, or ran a red light.

In just these last few days, the General Administration of Harmony had escorted over one thousand local habitual thieves to the local General Administration of Cultivation in Peiyuan district, leading to the detention center's food supplies being severely depleted. The entire police force at the General Administration of Cultivation had had to work overtime to process the offenders... it was as if the stately local cultivation police station had dumbly become a subsidiary department under the General Administration of Harmony's Madam Dong.

The most frustrating thing was that the police couldn't say anything.

Because they had to admit, since the emergence of the General Administration of Harmony, conditions in Peiyuan district had improved tremendously. Furthermore, these old men and women were shrewd enough to not leave behind any trace of their activities; on the surface, they didn't seem to be violating any laws or rules... even if they did drag a person into some corner to beat up at leisure, they would make sure to choose a blind spot.

In a word, Madam Dong was now thoroughly famous.

When she walked around Peiyuan district, even the traffic police who saw her couldn't help shuddering and would respectfully address her as "Miss Dong"...

...

...

However, Miss Dong wasn't very satisfied with the General Administration of Harmony's current situation.

This morning, she strolled along at an unhurried pace with her hands behind her back, like an old leader with veteran behind-the-scenes experience, and finally arrived at the secret headquarters of the General Administration of Harmony.

This headquarters had originally been an ordinary, abandoned factory building for rent or transfer. The rent was very cheap, and Madam Dong and several of the senior leaders of the General Administration of Harmony had each taken a bit of money out of their retirement funds and pooled the amount together to buy this building.

In a brief two days, the unused junk in the factory building had been cleared away and the space inside divided into several areas.

First, the harmonious report area, where the people of Peiyuan district could report any incidents of uncivilized behavior in society. As long as the core values of cultivation were involved, the General Administration of Harmony would do whatever it could to help.

Second, the harmonious entertainment area, which was a zone specially sectioned off for the old men and women of the General Administration to enjoy dancing in; so that they wouldn't bother the nearby community, Madam Dong had personally purchased a soundproofing system, as well as set up two regular songs. The theme song was "Superstar in Troubled Times" and the second song was "Elysium"— while mainly aggressive songs, they also carried hints of joy...

Third, the harmonious conference room. As the name implied, Madam Dong presided over senior leadership meetings here; it was also used for emergency assignments.

In addition to these three areas, there were two other smaller areas, namely the harmonious fitness room and Madam Dong's personal office.

As usual, the first thing that Madam Dong did after entering her office was to immediately fetch a pail of water from the bathroom. With a clean white cloth, she began to carefully wipe the revered stone on her table.

To an outsider, the stone was nothing special, but for all the people of the General Administration of Harmony, the stone held great significance... because the Twenty-Four True Words were engraved on it. This was the exact same stone that Wang Ling had left behind for Madam Dong.

As she was wiping the stone, an old man with a red strip of cloth around his arm knocked on the door of the office. "Miss Dong, are you busy?" This old man with the surname Zhang was Madam Dong's right hand. The red armband was a symbol of executive leadership in the General Administration of Harmony.

Madam Dong didn't say anything, wholeheartedly focused on wiping the stone.

Five minutes later, she wrung the white cloth dry and tossed it into the pail, then arranged the stone on the table before lighting three sticks of incense to place before it.

While she was doing this, Master Zhang didn't say anything else, standing perfectly straight at the door as he silently waited for her to finish. Finally, Madam Dong slowly turned around to look at him and say coolly, "Come in, let's talk..."

"Have there been any new developments?" Madam Dong asked as she stared unwaveringly at the stone on the table.

"No, at present we haven't received any messages from the director... has the director discarded us?" replied Master Zhang.

"Impossible! Back then... the director left this stone for us to give us confidence and hope for public order. We have been adhering to the core values of cultivation, sticking to the principle of 'from the masses, to the masses,' and serving the people with all our hearts and souls..."

At this point, Madam Dong suddenly became excited, her eyes revealing an enlightened expression. "I know! It must be because our works of harmony haven't been enough to move the director."

"I agree." Master Zhang nodded in approval.

Madam Dong frowned. "However, given our current funding situation, we don't have enough to spread our forces out into the other districts. Even now we already don't have enough manpower in Peiyuan district."

Master Zhang also sighed. "The newcomers only know how to play cards and mahjong all day long! This is already a serious violation of our General Administration of Harmony's ironclad principles."

"The newcomers don't know the rules, it'll be fine once we teach them. We just have to be a little more patient. Has the financial report come out? I'll calculate how much we still need."

Master Zhang was silent for a moment. "The report will be here shortly. With regard to our funds, I don't think Miss Dong needs to worry about it for the time being. This morning, the enthusiastic masses left a bankcard in our mailbox. The money on it... it's already enough for our initial operation."

"Huh?" Madam Dong had a strange expression on her face. "Could this card be from the director? Did you check where it came from?"

"It's probably not from the director... currently we're still investigating its origins. In addition to this bankcard, there was also a letter indicating that the reason this card had been given to us was to provide our General Administration of Harmony with sufficient funds..." Master Zhang recalled carefully, then his eyes widened as he remembered something. "Oh, that's right! Auntie Li in the technology department found a light watermark on the envelope, it seemed to be a string of numbers... maybe it's a clue that the other party left us."

Madam Dong rolled her eyes and cupped her chin as she thought for a moment. "The other party is likely testing us. If we don't have the ability to solve even this small puzzle, our General Administration of Harmony would be too worthless. We must find out who sent this letter as soon as possible!"

"Yes, Miss Dong!" Master Zhang nodded.

"Ah, that's right, what were the numbers?" asked Madam Dong.

Master Zhang replied, "They seemed to be... 8823?"





Chapter 49 Mother Juan from the World of Black Cuisine


On this day, there was something unusual in the air at Number 59 High School...

The wind blows on school grounds except where there are no storm clouds...

Senior He Bufeng, who had scored just 8823 marks after three years of school, had actually come to class!

Seeing this, the students were silent and the teachers shed tears...

No one knew what had happened to this delinquent in the last twenty-four hours.

Tang Jingze felt that this was really too unusual and suspicious — this was far more shocking than Director Xie Huaichun falling in love.

He didn't know exactly what had happened to He Bufeng, but based on his actions, Tang Jingze could roughly guess that he had completely failed in his confrontation with the pretty boy with the crew cut from Number 60 High School. Otherwise, given his attitude toward studying, there was no way he would give up and lower himself to start going to class.

Through this incident with He Bufeng, Tang Jingze had now finally seen through to the heart of the matter.

Number 59 High School was fated to be oppressed by this group of people from Number 60 High School — they were truly a poisonous bunch!

Since their arrival at Number 59 High School, not only had school facilities been wrecked... even Director Xie Huaichun and the number one delinquent He Bufeng had one by one fallen into their hands... these two individuals, who in Tang Jingze's heart were godlike figures that were just like the Highland Guard Tower and Incisor Guard Tower 1 , had no longer existed after the arrival of the Number 60 High School team.

1(Highland Guard Tower and Incisor Guard Tower are guard towers in the online game King of Glory.) He had completely accepted the fact that this was a group of people he couldn't afford to provoke.

He was just a president of a student union; he wasn't about to needlessly risk his life to offend these people.

...

Tomorrow would be the last day of the student exchange meet between Number 59 High School and Number 60 High School and the curtain would finally go up on that all-important spirit sword exchange meet.

Mindful of the fact that the spirit sword exchange meet was about to begin, the bunch from Number 60 High School were all feeling somewhat antsy.

It was impossible to not be nervous. After all, both schools' honor was at stake. Their levels were virtually the same, so the difference would be in their ability to focus mentally... but it was hard to say, since this had a lot to do with mindset.

Usually when they trained, it was in a relatively closed environment. Tomorrow, however, they would be showcasing their ability to fly their spirit swords under thousands of gazes, as representatives of their school... even the smallest mistake might destroy their entire mindset.

Of course, the spirit sword exchange meet wasn't the most terrifying thing.

The most frightening thing was the grim news which Lao Gudong had announced in the afternoon — Mother Juan was coming...

This news was far, far more terrifying than the spirit sword exchange meet.

Actually, Mother Juan was also an elder at Number 60 High School, having worked diligently in the school canteen for hundreds of years; even all the first generation teachers at Number 60 High School had eaten her communal cooking before.

She had a character which left a deep impression on people — her hand never faltered when she ladled out food, especially when she ladled out meat; she was never stingy as she dished up heaps of meat, earnestly wanting the students to eat more.

Therefore, until now, a lot of people still remembered her communal cooking from those days. Plenty of Number 60 High School alumni who returned to visit their alma mater would all ask to once again taste her cooking... at that time, every dish she cooked had been a classic.

However, that was back then.

Roughly a few years ago, Mother Juan had suddenly asked Headmaster Chen if she could train two apprentices to replace her to do the communal cooking; she had decided to step back to research new cuisine. At first, Headmaster Chen had thought this was a good thing — absolutely no one, however, had expected her to go down a road of no return with black cuisine.

She was a violent person, and such violence wasn't just reflected in her researching a new menu, but also in other aspects... back then, when Shadow Stream had attacked Number 60 High School, she had killed one of the assassins with a large soup ladle...

By the time Zhuo Yi graduated, the students had already said their final farewells to the era of Mother Juan's communal cooking...

Her two apprentices were fairly ordinary in terms of cooking standards and didn't have even a tenth of her skills when she had been at her peak. As Number 60 High School's well-known foodie, Lao Gudong had made this comment after personally tasting the difference.

The food cooked by these two apprentices might not be much... but what the whole of Number 60 High School feared the most was Mother Juan's love bento every Friday at noon...

Her biggest pleasure was packing the black cuisine which she had invented into her love bento, then happily distributing them to every teacher and student at noon every Friday.

For the teachers and students, this was unbearable suffering.

While Number 60 High School had already had five headmasters, Mother Juan had been at the school since the beginning and had been in charge of Number 60 High School's canteen for hundreds of years, so she could be considered a true senior figure. Even Headmaster Chen and Director Shi were very respectful when they saw her and absolutely no one would dare complain about her.

Of course, Headmaster Chen also received his own lunchbox of black cuisine from her.

At that time, Headmaster Chen could only brace himself, and beneath her smiling gaze, finish eating his stir-fried chili mooncake...

After all, a lot of time and thought had gone into the preparation of this lunchbox. The food might be very dark... but her intentions were very bright.

The path of food exploration was a difficult one to begin with.

Hence, even though all the teachers and students at Number 60 High School were miserable in their hearts, they chose to suffer in silence. They could only hope that Mother Juan would research brand new cuisine sooner rather than later and the dark food would no longer be dark...

...

The spirit sword exchange meet happened to fall on a Friday. On Thursday, Mother Juan prepared the menu for her love bento in advance as always. However, when she checked the numbers, she realized that there were actually six people less than usual that Friday.

She patted herself on the head as she immediately remembered the student exchange meet at Number 59 High School. Without a moment's hesitation, she hurriedly made six special bentos and flew off on her Louis Vuitton flying sword to deliver them.

And so, this was the scene now...

In the utterly silent school dormitory, Wang Ling, Sun Rong, Chen Chao, Lin Xiaoyu, Guo Hao and Lao Gudong all sat in a row. In front of each of them was a love bento that had been meticulously prepared by Mother Juan.

The pink bento box was an undisguised display of her young maiden heart.

This middle-aged woman in front of them wearing a light yellow apron over a snow-white chef's uniform, with curly hair tied up in a small ball under her chef's hat, was Mother Juan.

At the moment, she had her hands on her hips as she said in an overbearing manner, "Everyone, hurry up and eat while the food's still hot! I specially made these six bentos to deliver them beforehand! They're full of all sorts of nutrients to build up your body's health, so that everyone will be able to better face the spirit sword exchange meet tomorrow!"

"..."

Wang Ling took a deep breath.

His sense of smell was much more sensitive than that of ordinary people — even with the "black seal" on this love bento, he could already detect a smell that was far, far weirder than that of the fruit and vegetable juice which Tang Jingze had given them.

...If they ate this, it could be game over for all of them tomorrow!

"Everyone, dig in... let's not betray Mother Juan's good intentions..." In the end, Lao Gudong was Lao Gudong; he didn't break down even in such a situation, and instead behaved quite calmly.

Bracing himself, Lao Gudong was the first to open the lunchbox, and everyone was shocked — today's meal unexpectedly seemed very normal?

"Is this stir-fried potato strips?" Lao Gudong asked as he picked up a crystal clear potato strip with his chopsticks.

Mother Juan shook her head and said, "No, this is heavenly silkworm potatostrips 2 ."

2(Heavenly Silkworm Potato Strips(天蚕土豆丝)is a reference to the pseudonym of another Chinese xuanhua novelist, Heavenly Silkworm Potato(天蚕土豆).) Sun Rong pointed to the tomato slices next to the potato strips. "Then what is this dish?"

"Oh, this dish~"

With a smile, Mother Juan said, "This dish is called bloody hell tomatoes 3 !"

3(The pinyin for Bloody Hell Tomatoes(卧槽西红柿),'wo cao xi hong shi,' is similar to the pseudonym of yet another Chinese xuanhuan novelist, I Eat Tomatoes(我吃西红柿:WO chi xi hong shi).) Everyone: "..."





Chapter 51 Pretending to Be a Cultivator0


0(Chapter 50 moved to after Chapter 86.) Whether it was the heavenly silkworm potato strips or the bloody hell tomatoes...

These names, as always, conveyed the violent nature of Mother Juan's domineering temperament.

However, today's dishes seemed fairly normal, so everyone breathed sighs of relief in their hearts.

When Lao Gudong picked up a tomato slice with his chopsticks, Mother Juan immediately took out the seasoning bag she carried to pour three spoons of sugar on it, and then she beamed at Lao Gudong. "Three spoons of sugar with the bloody hell tomato makes it even better!"

Everyone: "..."

After eating Mother Juan's love bentos, everyone escorted her to the school gate and waved goodbye to her in the breeze.

Though the taste of the love bentos was still so strange, they were still very touched by her good intentions.

After checking numbers and discovering that six people had not been accounted for, this old auntie had immediately remembered the group of Number 60 High School students that was attending the exchange meet for two schools, and so had arrived travel-stained to deliver the love bentos that could only be eaten on Fridays.

It was worth mentioning that Mother Juan would count precisely how many bentos she needed to make, no more and no less. No one else in Number 60 High School could do that except for her. This old auntie, who had been head cook at Number 60 High School for hundreds of years, truly had every student and every teacher in her heart.

"Goodbye, students! For tomorrow's spirit sword exchange meet, if I have the opportunity, I'll come again! Kiss~"

Mother Juan waved to everyone, blew them a kiss which made them shudder, then stepped onto her Louis Vuitton flying sword and vanished into the distance.

On the eve of the spirit sword exchange meet, a lot more things out of the ordinary seemed to be cropping up.

Just as Mother Juan left, both of Wang Ling's eyelids began to twitch.

...Disaster level, two stars.

He could roughly guess what was about to happen. The Dao talisman seal on his arm was about to expire. Looking at the time frame, it wasn't difficult to figure out... it was very obvious, that guy was coming.

That hateful guy whom Mother Wang had contacted previously.

From a young age, Wang Ming had always been a huge headache for Wang Ling. Although Wang Ming's identity had been classified as a state secret and he was always lavished with praise for his brain, which was deemed an existence more terrifying than any divine weapon, Wang Ling's impression of his cousin still centered around those ninety-nine stupid challenges... bluntly speaking, this guy was a dumbass.

Furthermore, this idiocy was also reflected in various other ways.

Of all the stupid things that he did, the one he most enjoyed doing and never grew tired of was to disguise himself as a cultivator...

...

It was four-thirty in the afternoon on Thursday.

School had let out on time at Number 59 High School. Students walked out of the teaching building and exited the school gate in twos or threes.

At this point in time, a man was standing at the school gate. He was dressed in rough linen and had neatly trimmed, thick black hair. The man carried a long sword weighing one hundred jin 1 on his back, like a seasoned practitioner who had wandered the world over. Unfortunately, this attire and temperament didn't really match, so people with a higher spiritual realm would immediately know... this was a muggle with no spirit energy whatsoever.

Every cultivator possessed an essence in their being which came from nature; it formed in a person's dantian region and flowed through the body's meridians. This essence could gradually change a person's inner temperament and then move outward to make a person's countenance dazzle with radiance and their steps become light as wind. The body of a true cultivator could even emit a faint fragrance.

Standing at the gate of Number 59 High School, Wang Ming secretly sighed in his heart; he was young and had potential, was handsome and talented... but being talented was not a replacement for practice. He had realized at a very young age that he couldn't cultivate because of his physique. It was for this reason that he had devoted all his energy to scientific research.

Looking eagerly at the Foundation Establishment high school students that passed him by, his eyes couldn't help revealing a little envy... if it wasn't because of his physique, with his own natural talent at cultivation, someone as insignificant as Wang Ling would be no match for him at all!

Such were Wang Ming's self-pitying thoughts in his heart.

"Are you looking for someone, sir?" Number 59 High School's old guard approached him a little warily.

With the spirit sword exchange meet happening tomorrow, Number 59 High School's on-campus personnel had increased their vigilance against suspicious people. Even guardians or family members entering the school had to inform a teacher in advance, and only after the teacher gave the school guard office approval would they be allowed to enter. But this man had been standing and sighing at the school gate for twenty minutes, which the old school guard thought was a little strange.

Wang Ming looked at the old uncle and shook himself to clear his head. "Hello, fellow cultivator, I'm here to look for someone..."

Being called a fellow cultivator made the old uncle feel somewhat decrepit. He carefully looked Wang Ming up and down again. "You are... a guardian?"

He was also a cultivator. His realm wasn't too high, but he was still capable of detecting the essence of a cultivator.

Only great men who possessed exceptional realms would call each other fellow cultivators. The old uncle stared at Wang Ming's face for a long time, but no matter how much he looked, he felt this person wasn't anything special... conversely, the more he looked, the more suspicious he became.

"Yes yes yes, I'm a guardian. I'm looking for someone."

According to seniority in the family, Wang Ming figured he was, after all, an older brother. He was six whole years older than Wang Ling; there was nothing wrong with saying he was a guardian, so he nodded.

"Whose guardian are you? Which class is the student in?"

"I'm looking for Number 60 High School's Wang Ling... he's participating in the exchange meet on behalf of his school."

The old uncle instantly understood that it was that group of people.

However, he still had doubts about Wang Ming's identity as a guardian. Shouldn't the guardian of a Foundation Establishment student have reached the Golden Core stage at the very least?

Most of the teachers in the school were at the Golden Core stage, so the old uncle often encountered such people and hence could identify such an aura.

...It was very obvious that this man had no spirit energy whatsoever!

Considering the recent incident with the notorious Shadow Stream at Number 60 High School, he couldn't help but wonder... over the past two days, the higher-ups had issued clear orders to take precautions for fear that Shadow Stream would take advantage of the spirit sword exchange meet to retaliate.

Now, people who wished to enter Number 59 High School were strictly examined, and expert overseers as well as patrol personnel had been arranged one after another as security inside the school. To be honest, the old uncle didn't think Shadow Stream would have the guts to brazenly infiltrate the school.

However, this young man pretending to be a cultivator had succeeded in attracting his attention...

The old guard had retired from the cultivation police's criminal investigation department a few years ago. Based on his years of experience, he now had reason to be suspicious; it was possible that the young man before him was a spy that had been dispatched to try and infiltrate the school...





Chapter 52 An Official Counterfeit Is the Most Deadly


At the moment, however, the old uncle didn't have any evidence to disprove Wang Ming's claim that he was a cultivator. Today's society was a lawful one where evidence was required in all things. After many years in the criminal investigation department, this was naturally something that he understood.

After ruminating for a moment, he stretched out his hand to Wang Ming. "Sir, lend me your ID card for a bit. If you are a guardian, our school has to verify your identity."

Wang Ming didn't think much of it and straightaway took out his ID card from his pocket.

With the ID card in hand, the old uncle turned back to the guard room to retrieve a portable card scanner and insert the ID card into it.

In order to make sure that the spirit sword exchange meet between the two schools would proceed smoothly, Number 59 High School had been on alert these two days. This portable scanner was used to inspect suspicious characters; usually, it was only taken out during the college entrance examination.

The ID card only needed to be inserted into it for the scanner to instantly verify what was true and what was false.

This old uncle, who was a veteran criminal investigator, thought that if this person had really been dispatched by criminal elements, his ID card most likely wouldn't be genuine...

It had to be said that the old uncle's deductive reasoning was truly spot-on... Wang Ming's ID card was indeed fake, but it had been made by Huaxiu nation's Cultivation Academy of Science...

An official counterfeit was the most deadly of all...

Wang Ming's identity had always been a state secret protected by Huaxiu nation. No one could get any real information on him. All the information on this fake ID card, for example, was basically all false except for his age. What place of birth, what ID card number, even the profile image had been filtered and touched up. This could be considered special treatment for the youngest academic in the history of Huaxiu nation.

Forget this single old school guard, even if the cultivation police personally came to investigate him, he had no reason to be nervous.

Finally, as Wang Ming had expected, the ID card passed the card scanner's inspection without a hitch.

Like a POS machine issuing an invoice, the card scanner printed out a long list, startling the old school guard when he saw it.

Name: Wang Xiaoer

Gender: Male

Age: 22

Place of birth: Xiangxieshuige in Yunding Heavenly Palace, Tianba city, Huaxiu nation

Character Experience: Wang Xiaoer is from a poor family, but has unique talent and is a very rare existence on the whole of the cultivation continent. He has a little sister called Wang Xiaohua, though it's a pity they are not biological siblings. The places he frequents most commonly are auction houses and underground transaction venues. He is known to have a close female confidante who was born with an evil spirit inside her and isn't capable of taking care of herself. At the age of sixteen, he wasn't careful and lost his virginity to the legendary demoness Medusa...

(The above information has been verified by the National Cultivation Police Department of Huaxiu nation.)

"..." This was such unrealistic character experience, it made the old uncle loudly shout "fuck you!" in his heart. This description was more fucking mysterious than the ones in online novels!

However, the most inconceivable thing for the old uncle was that this weird and mystical description had actually been verified by the cultivation police. Surely some damn PY trade 1 must have happened behind the scenes!

1(There are a few meanings for PY trade, one of them referring to 'dirty' or illicit activities that don't see the light of day.) This unreliable biography had in fact been written by Wang Ming himself. Back then, the President of the Cultivation Academy of Science had repeatedly asked him to revise it... but in the end, he hadn't been able to win against Wang Ming's persistence.

Wang Ming had always regretted the fact that he couldn't cultivate despite being a genius, so he took these sorts of details very seriously.

He was not a cultivator, but he wanted to pretend to be one no matter what. He had to have whatever other cultivators had. The biography of the character on his ID card was based on summaries of cultivation novels which he had read. No matter how inconceivable it appeared, at least he was very satisfied with it.

And as for the long sword weighing one hundred jin on his back, it was a real immortal sword. He had named the heavy sword Xuanzhong. Although he didn't have spirit energy to control it, he still braced himself to carry it with him wherever he went.

To sum everything up in one sentence, Wang Ming tended to bite off more than he could chew and liked to go all out in acting pretentiously... this was also the reason why Wang Ling detested him.

Wang Ming's idiocy was reflected in many aspects... it definitely wasn't just Wang Ling who felt this way.

With his watertight ID card, Wang Ming entered Number 59 High School as planned. However, instead of looking for Wang Ling, he turned to enter the woods by the tree-lined path. Finding a corner with no one around, he put down the long sword he had been carrying.

The instant the immortal sword touched the ground, it created a shallow grassy indentation in the lawn...

Damn it, this sword was too heavy!

His forehead was covered with sweat.

An immortal sword weighing one hundred jin was like a toy in the hands of any Foundation Establishment cultivator. But Wang Ming was an ordinary person, and he had been carrying the sword for so long that he felt that he would dislocate his shoulder if he didn't take a break.

"I should pass the Dao talisman to Wang Ling as soon as possible." Despite his posturing, he actually hadn't forgotten his current task.

Coming here with the Dao talisman was his mission first and foremost; after all, it currently was the only way to rein in Wang Ling's strength. He had to pass it to Wang Ling before the present Dao talisman expired.

Otherwise, it would be a crisis for all mankind...

Thinking about this, Wang Ming decided to set out, but just as he was about to lift his Xuanzhong sword, he saw a pretty girl in the Number 59 High School uniform slowly walking toward him from afar.

This was a tall girl, and even Number 59 High School's ugly uniform was unable to take away from her pretty face. From her slightly opened school uniform jacket, Wang Ming could even faintly see her sexy collarbone, and underneath it, those plump...

Bloody hell! She was a black long straight 2 ! And also... a 36D! Excited, Wang Ming gasped and instantly lifted that one hundred-jin Xuanzhong sword off the ground like it was nothing and placed it on his back.

2("Black long straight" is a literal translation of heichangzhi 黑长直 and is an online colloquial term to describe the particular image of an Asian beauty with long and straight black hair à la the style in anime, comics and games.) Obviously, the hormones that his adrenal glands were secreting like crazy had numbed his sensory nerves.

Originally, he had had to squat a little in order to lift the sword and place it on his back; now, it didn't require the slightest bit of effort to pick it up with just one hand...

"Hello, excuse me...can you do me a favor?" The maiden with long hair came over, her head lowered a little shyly. The sound of her voice was too beautiful, like the clear chime of windbells, and it made Wang Ming feel relaxed and happy in his heart.

He had been confined to the research institute for really too long; this time, it hadn't been easy for him to take two days off to deliver the Dao talisman to Wang Ling. He had never imagined that luck in love would be waiting for him here... he looked at the maiden and his imagination instantly started to run wild. He couldn't even feel the weight of the Xuanzhong sword on his back anymore.

"Of course... no problem! What can I help you with?" As a gentleman, Wang Ming felt that he really had no reason to refuse a beauty's request.

"Well, when I was training in the gym, I accidentally thrust my sword into a rock, and I can't pull it out. Now my teacher's about to finish for the day. Can you help me?" As the girl spoke, she stretched out white and slender fingers to Wang Ming. "Let's get to know each other better, my name is Jiang Liuying."





Chapter 53 Elder Sister, You May Not Believe Me...


When a tall, pretty maiden with a beautiful figure sweetly reached out for help, undoubtedly the vast majority of men wouldn't refuse to do so. While there didn't seem to be anything wrong with her words at first, a cultivation school student would definitely sense something wasn't right.

First of all, it was impossible for a spirit sword to get stuck in stone unless it was the Dashen Stone 1 ... otherwise, spirit swords would cut through ordinary stone like soft tofu. Furthermore, Foundation Establishment high school gyms were not open all day, and given Number 59 High School's heavily-guarded state in particular in the last two days, anyone who wanted to use the gym had to apply to do so in advance. The gym would only be open during these periods and closed at all other times.

1(The Dashen Stone is from another Xuanhuan novel called 'Perfect World,' and is a race of 'sentient rocks' that are capable of producing offspring ... make of that what you will ...) The reason for this was that the gym's locker room was a surveillance blind spot; there was a high probability that criminal elements might take advantage of this weakness.

Number 59 High School's school authorities had already tried almost everything they could think of to increase security. However, against an extraordinary opponent, there was nothing anyone could do about it...

...

Wang Ming thought that his springtime had arrived. Floating on air, he followed his attraction to the girl to the gym, but was taken aback when he realized that the main doors were locked and that the gym had already long been closed.

His feverish mind finally cooled down at this scene, and the most powerful brain in Huaxiu nation began to feel that something was wrong...

At this time, the girl who had been walking in front also stopped. Turning around slightly, she gave Wang Ming a sly smile.

"The front doors are locked... Classmate Jiang, why don't you wait 'til tomorrow's class to ask your teacher to help you?" Her smile was strange enough to terrify Wang Ming. He wasn't a fool; officially acknowledged as the strongest research mind by Huaxiu nation, he could still read people at the most basic level even if his cultivation knowledge was limited to those ridiculous cultivation novels, and his intuition was telling him... there was something very wrong with this girl's smile!

"Mr Wang Xiaoer... oh, no, it would be more proper for me to call you Mr Wang Ming, right? The most powerful brain acknowledged by the Huaxiu government?" The young girl squinted, the smile on her face remaining unchanged. "We had a hard time finding you..."

Wang Ming was stunned at her words. His identity was a closely guarded secret! To outsiders, he was just Wang Xiaoer! Wang Xiaoer who lived in Xiangxieshuige in Yunding Heavenly Palace, Tianba city!

He felt his blood freeze. "Who on earth are you?"

At this time, his brain cells started to spin quickly!

Jiang Liuying...

Somehow, he felt the name was familiar.

Liuying... Liuying... Shadow Stream 2 ?!

2(Liuying 流影 is the reverse of the pinyin for Shadow Stream, yingliu 影流.) Wang Ming instantly stiffened. This girl was a member of Shadow Stream?

"It appears that something has occurred to our most powerful brain?" The girl shrugged off her jacket with a smile to display the gold ribbon tied around her arm, once again unnerving Wang Ming!

A Shadow Stream Gold Ribbon assassin! This wasn't just an expert among assassins, but an expert among experts!

Moreover, apart from displaying her rank as a Shadow Stream Gold Ribbon expert, the gold ribbon was also a symbol of her position as a senior executive of Shadow Stream.

Wang Ming remembered once reading classified information put together by the research institute. Of the top five killers on the current international list of killers, Shadow Stream Gold Ribbon assassins held the second to fifth spots. As for the legendary codenamed "Teacher Killer" who was ranked first, international intelligence agencies had so far been unable to obtain precise information on this number one killer in the world...

But at the moment, all of this was unimportant; the most crucial point was that Shadow Stream had unexpectedly started to take action again!

The spirit sword exchange meet between the two schools was going to be held soon. Needless to say, Wang Ming knew that this group of people likely wanted to stir things up again, although he didn't feel that they could create any kind of waves with their efforts...

After all, Wang Ling was here.

In an extremely short span of time, Wang Ming swiftly combed through his thoughts, then looked at the girl and spoke.

"Your real goal isn't me, is it?"

Seeing the girl's lack of response, he said again, "Your goal is revenge. Did I guess right? Trying to kidnap me, the most powerful brain in Huaxiu nation, to use me as a bargaining chip and hijack the exchange meet between the two schools tomorrow?"

Jiang Liuying smiled faintly. "Mm, let's just say you're right."

"However, didn't you consider that even if you've found out who I am, my identity is still unknown to everyone else? In their eyes, you've just kidnapped an ordinary person worth nothing." After determining that the girl wouldn't hurt him for the time being, Wang Ming began to calm down.

"Well then, what if we expose your real identity?"

This reply surprised Wang Ming. "How does that benefit you at all?"

"As long as it's unfavorable for you, it's an advantage for our Shadow Stream. Even now, when we think about it, it's still inconceivable that the Red Ribbon assassins that we had painstakingly groomed all died in such a shoddy school. The leaders of the two schools will attend the spirit sword exchange meet tomorrow... which means that all the experts will be present."

"Fuck?!... Are you planning to kill them all in one go?" Wang Ming was shocked.

"What's there to be shocked about? Why not? It's just two ordinary high schools. According to our intelligence, isn't the most powerful expert who will be present tomorrow only at the peak late Golden Core stage? I can squeeze someone with that level of power to death with one hand." The girl smiled sinisterly, revealing her little canine teeth.

Wang Ming: "..."

First of all, putting aside whether or not she would be able to squeeze Wang Ling to death... based on the results when Shadow Stream had dispatched Red Ribbon assassins last time, ending in their total elimination, he felt that Shadow Stream's executive management obviously hadn't learned their lesson at all!

In other words, they didn't know what kind of enemy they were facing at all?

That was Wang Ling... if his power couldn't be controlled one of these days, he would be an existence that even Wang Ming would be afraid of!

"Miss, I urge you to give up on this idea immediately and go home early, your mum is calling you to go back for dinner..." Wang Ming advised her earnestly.

In this world, there actually was someone even more idiotic than him!

He really couldn't understand why such a cute, beautiful girl wanted to get herself killed so badly...

"That won't do!"

It was very clear that the girl had hardened her resolve. "We've been preparing a very long time for this revenge operation."

As she spoke, the girl waved her hand and spirit light suddenly appeared at her fingertips, instantly creating a hexagonal crystal which floated in her palm. "You should be familiar with this thing, right?"

"So you were the ones who stole the netherstone from the research institute!" Wang Ming stared wide-eyed; he was indeed very familiar with this object.

This was a magic weapon that was still in development! The base of this magic weapon had been combined with modern space technology; it incorporated cultivation arts and black technology and was still in the testing stage. The power of this magic weapon not only enabled someone to teleport numerous times up to a distance of two hundred meters, they could also hide their aura in another dimension so that spiritual senses wouldn't be able to detect them!

But such a valuable asset, fused with modern black technology, had recently been brazenly stolen from the research institute, and the Huaxiu Academy of Science had been urgently investigating the incident. Wang Ming had never expected the netherstone to fall into the hands of Shadow Stream...

For this bunch of assassins, who killed without batting an eye, to have obtained the power of the netherstone... this was completely unimaginable.

The young girl placed one hand on Wang Ming's shoulder, the other skillfully manipulating the netherstone. He was disoriented for just a moment, and when he came to his senses, he found himself already in the gym's locker room.

"Hehe, we'll have to trouble our most powerful brain to stay here for the night before the spirit sword exchange meet tomorrow."

"...May I ask, what time is it, please?"

"It's almost six o'clock."

"Fuck! Is it six o'clock already?" Wang Ming's eyes widened with alarm. He still hadn't delivered the new version of the Dao talisman to Wang Ling!

After a simple calculation... he deduced that there already wasn't much time left before Wang Ling's old version of the Dao talisman completely expired.

"Why, your mother wants you back for dinner?"

Seeing Wang Ming's panic-stricken face, Jiang Liuying couldn't help smiling sweetly.

After thinking calmly for a moment, Wang Ming answered seriously, "...Elder sister, you may not believe me, but if you don't let me go, the earth may be destroyed."





Chapter 54 A Brainless Kidnapper


It took Jiang Liuying about half a minute to absorb what Wang Ming was saying.

She then pinched his chin and carefully scrutinized him. Only after she had once again confirmed that this man hadn't altered his appearance or wasn't an illusion and was the genuine Wang Ming himself did she breathe a sigh.

As Wang Ling's cousin, Wang Ming was actually similar to him in some ways. So long as Wang Ming gave up on disguising himself as a veteran cultivator, Wang Ling thought that this guy could still tentatively be considered pretty cool. However, the difference between them was that he had never been the narcissistic type, while Wang Ming could look in the mirror all day long and fangirl over himself. The scientific research institute had replaced anything that could reflect his image in order to stop him from becoming distracted while conducting his research.

He was a dumbass, and this idiocy was reflected in various aspects, "narcissism" being the most obvious.

"Do you know, this is the first time in my life that a girl is pinching my chin..."

Wang Ming was a little unsettled at being stared at for so long by a beautiful girl pinching his chin with her delicate fingers. "But elder sister, now is not the time for flirting. I advise you to let me go in three minutes, otherwise, the whole planet is finished. At that time, forget your revenge, you might not even be able to find your own ashes."

"...Who the fuck is flirting with you!" Jiang Liuying couldn't help swearing, so angry that even her big 36D boobs shook.

She didn't speak for a very long time after that. She seriously suspected that she might have actually kidnapped the wrong person — she hadn't kidnapped the most powerful brain, but the most powerful retard...

"..."

After pondering for a moment, Jiang Liuying suddenly thought of something.

Given Wang Ming's current status, plus the pressure at work... maybe, possibly... there was something wrong with his brain!

People in the field of scientific research tended to be highly unorthodox in their thinking, and were the most likely to become delusional! After muttering to herself for a bit, she crouched down halfway to say to Wang Ming, "My apologies, my tone wasn't very nice just now. I need to confirm something with you..."

As a qualified kidnapper, it was absolutely vital that she pay attention to the psychological health of the hostages. It wouldn't be good otherwise if they went crazy before they could be used. Moreover, this was a hostage suffering from delusions, so there was a risk that he might kill himself.

"What is it?" Wang Ming dodged around her and retreated to a small corner of the locker room.

"Are you delusional? To put it simply, it means a problem with the brain."

"...It's your own damn brain that has the problem!"

"Stop pretending, I get it." Jiang Liuying cupped her chin and looked at Wang Ming with a calm and composed air. "I have some background in basic psychology. Given the extent of your delusions, fantasizing constantly about the destruction of the earth... this is obviously beyond recovery. You should pay attention to this! Doesn't the Cultivation Academy of Science care? You need love!"

"...The earth being destroyed is true, if you don't let me go!"

"See, you're having another episode..." Jiang Liuying rubbed Wang Ming's head. "Relax, our Shadow Stream assassins are very dedicated. In order to ensure our hostages' worth, we absolutely won't allow any harm to come to them physically or mentally before they can be of use to us!"

Saying this, she grasped Wang Ming's hand tightly. "Believe me, I will cure you!"

"..." Wang Ming already completely had no idea what to say.

"How about this, to show my good faith... let me give you a love hug first!"

As soon as the girl finished speaking, Wang Ming felt two arms wrap around him forcefully. And then, two incomparably massive shadows bore down on him like the weight of Mount Tai 1 , flattening his face...

1(Mount Tai is a culturally and historically important mountain in the Shandong province of China.) Wang Ming: "..." Damn it! These two things were really too big! He couldn't breathe at all!

The girl held Wang Ming for two whole minutes before letting go, and was startled to find that he had passed out, two red streams of blood gushing out of his nose...

At that moment, she felt that the situation was really dire, and immediately made a phone call with her wristwatch.

"Sis, I've caught the person...

"But this man... there seems to be something wrong with his brain!

"From my initial assessment, he suffers from severe delusions. I just gave him emergency treatment, but I didn't expect him to actually get a nosebleed..."

The voice on the other end of the phone was cold yet sweet. "...How did you treat him?"

"Of course I gave him a love hug, this kind of serious mental illness needs humane care!"

"..."

The woman on the other end of the phone sighed clearly. "I understand..."

"Understand what, sis?"

"It's not his brain that has the problem... it's yours..."

"..."

...

Wang Ling stood at the entrance to the school dormitory of Number 59 High School, his gaze deep as he stared into the distance and his eyelid twitching at a steady rate; so far it had already been more than five minutes.

The disaster level had risen directly from two stars to three stars... looking at the current situation, it didn't look like this disaster warning was going to stop there.

He could roughly guess what this warning was about.

The old version of the Dao talisman seal was about to expire; he only had one hour at the most before the seal failed completely. But there was still no trace of Wang Ming.

Wang Ling closed his eyes and released his spiritual senses to try and get ahold of Wang Ming's aura, but found nothing.

He had clearly felt Wang Ming's aura some time ago, and had known the moment when he had entered Number 59 High School's front gate.

Assuming that he would be arriving soon, Wang Ling had waited at the entrance to the school dormitory. But strangely, when he had tried to track Wang Ming's aura again, he found that it had disappeared! As if he had vanished off the face of the earth!

Of course, if his power was completely unsealed, he would be able to instantly track down Wang Ming's aura no matter where he was. But by that time, it would be too late...

This hateful fellow... had something really happened to him?

Wang Ling stared into thin air and frowned with some annoyance.

Clearly, some misfortune had befallen Wang Ming.

Furthermore, it was very likely that his aura was being blocked by some magic weapon.

Although Wang Ling didn't know where Wang Ming was exactly, he was certain that Wang Ming hadn't left and was definitely still in Number 59 High School.

Since he couldn't use his spiritual senses to track Wang Ming's aura... he could now think of only one other way...

Wang Ling walked into the shadow of a small tree where no one was around. A pair of cat ears popped up on his head, and then his whole body shrunk as he transformed into a black-and-white Persian cat.

At this critical moment, the first thing he had thought of was the group of stray kittens in Number 59 High School's sakura forest.

To find Wang Ming quickly and decisively within a short period of time, Wang Ling felt the only thing he could do now was mobilize the strength of this special horde.





Chapter 55 Immortal Meow


Any time Wang Ling encountered trouble at school, his first thought wasn't to look for help from other students or teachers. While admittedly it was partly because he was a bit of a tsundere, it was actually more that he was just not used to it.

He wasn't used to asking other people to do something for him. He was accustomed to being alone, and even when he encountered problems, he always quietly solved them himself.

For him, seeking help from other students or teachers wasn't something he had ever considered.

Of course, in an emergency like this, he would sometimes mobilize a special kind of horde.

They could be the bees that buzzed among the flowers, the little ants that could get into everything... or the stray cats that roamed the school grounds... in any case, the hordes which Wang Ling mustered were never human.

Actually, whether it was bees or ants, they had their limitations. Though abundant in number, they were restricted by their low spirit intelligence, so Wang Ling had difficulty controlling them. However melodious your zither, it was no use if you were playing to a cow 1 .

1("To play a zither to a cow" has a similar meaning to preaching to deaf ears.) So the stray cats that gathered in twos and threes in the school were to date part of perhaps the most skillful group that Wang Ling had ever developed.

...

For all stray cats, apart from foraging, sleeping, basking in the sun and generally living mundane lives all day every day, another critical thing they needed to do was find themselves a proper organization and grow up healthy under the care of their leaders.

After experiencing life as vagabonds for a while, all stray cats would finally realize the tragic fact that there was no shit-shoveling officer willing to take them in. They thus had to drop their little tsundere attitudes and envelop themselves in the warmth of a group of other cats with similar experiences.

Nowadays, a stray cat that didn't belong to any organization couldn't even get a piece of dried salted fish!

Such was the cruel truth of cat society.

As a result, while most stray cats appeared unruly, they were in fact strictly disciplined. They went out for a stroll at a set time and returned to the secret base at a set time, so that any malefactors that may be lurking in the dark would have no opportunity to hurt them.

In summary, this group of stray cats, without the protection of shit-shoveling officers, was in fact very united.

The stray cats of Peiyuan district, for example, all belonged to different groups, and competition as well as cooperation existed between them. The world of cats might appear very leisurely and indolent, but in fact it wasn't as simple as people might have thought. They had their own problems, such as creating havoc, fighting and being confined to a territory... of course, they also had their own beliefs.

These countless groups of stray cats, of all shapes and sizes, all shared the same belief in one existence in particular — Immortal Meow.

There were plenty of legends passed down about Immortal Meow, and while they sounded somewhat exaggerated, there were four which all the cats believed in, as there had been many witnesses in these cases and many of the senior stray cats could testify to them.

The first legend! — Immortal Meow's origin!

Already many cats couldn't remember when Immortal Meow had first appeared. They only knew that it had shown up suddenly and came and went randomly. Many times it had appeared abruptly, surrounded by mist, and it impressed the cats with its immortal demeanour.

As time passed, this was how the title of Immortal Meow had come to be.

...

The second legend! — Immortal Meow's performance after its appearance!

This wasn't simply about the mystical way in which it showed up, but had more to do with its innate, sage-like manner and dignity. Also, almost every cat remembered the spectacular events that had accompanied its appearance.

First of all, it had single-handedly swept clean the sewer system under Peiyuan district of all mice for five thousand kilometers around, thus creating enough living space for many weak and helpless cats!

Mice bred much faster than cats at a rate of more than ten to one, while most stray cats didn't have mates... over time, the mice population had outnumbered the cats. If it hadn't been for Immortal Meow, the cats wouldn't have had enough space to live in, let alone to set up a base in the sewers.

There was no denying that its first performance had certainly benefited the cats immensely.

At that time, the Peiyuan district mice had scattered and fled, some even passing out under Immortal Meow's spiritual pressure; these were then picked up by the stray cats as food reserves.

Secondly, Immortal Meow had popularized the concept of team management among the stray cats at that time. It was only because of this that stray cats now had their own home even without a shit-shoveling officer to support them; the base which the stray cats had set up in the sewers was their home now, and it was thanks to a regulatory team management system that each and every one of them could hold their heads up and stick out their chests and completely ignore the scorn of house cats that were cared for by shit-shoveling officers.

The third thing it had done was to drive off the "Big Dog Gang" in Peiyuan district which had delighted in intimidating stray cats. At that time, this gang of stray dogs led by a husky had been frightened by Immortal Meow to the point of losing their wits, and hadn't even dared to fart as they ran away.

...

The third legend! — Immortal Meow's withdrawal.

After accomplishing these three things, Immortal Meow had gradually faded from the sight of the cats in Peiyuan district. The stray cats spontaneously organized all types of search efforts, with some even crouching in trees on 24-7 watch, just to catch a glimpse of it in person.

Most unfortunately, their efforts had all been in vain. It had never shown up again, like Lei Feng helping an old lady cross the road and vanishing without a trace after that.

But in spite of that, Immortal Meow was an unshakeable presence in the hearts of all the stray cats in Peiyuan district, and this faith had even spread beyond the district.

It could be said that the cultural faith practiced by stray cats in other districts had been deeply affected by the cats of Peiyuan district.

...

Finally, the fourth legend! — Immortal Meow's appearance.

There were various opinions among the stray cats about what Immortal Meow looked like.

Some cats thought that it was a formidable, powerful and muscular spirit cat mutant that was as tall as a human at one hundred and eighty centimeters in height.

There were also cats that said it was an alien robot cat from the future with a chubby blue body and a respectable red nose 2 , and that the mist which surrounded Immortal Meow whenever it appeared was very likely produced by its built-in steam engine...

2(Everyone probably recognizes this cheeky nod to the Japanese cartoon character Doraemon.) Naturally, these guesses about its appearance were all unreliable.

The senior stray cats had already determined what it looked like long ago.

An old cat born with unusual pupils had once seen through that shroud of mist with its own eyes...

Immortal Meow's true appearance was a black-and-white Persian cat...





Chapter 56 Looking for Zheng Tan


Wang Ling jumped nimbly into a spirit gathering tree and narrowed his eyes as he stared into the distance. A cat's body was very light and graceful and so was able to land with utmost gentleness. He wouldn't dare jump around casually like this as a human.

However, he was also a bit unaccustomed to it.

After transforming into a cat, his vision was significantly reduced. Of course, he was still more skillful in controlling this body in his shifted state than He Bufeng had been.

What He Bufeng had used was merely the Advanced Transformation Spell while Wang Ling was using one of the Three Thousand Great Spells, the Great Transformation Spell.

The effects of the two spells were similar, but the experience of each was different. A transformation using the Advanced Transformation Spell often required a long time to practice and become familiar with, and the smaller the object, the less time the transformation would hold. On the other hand, a transformation using the Great Transformation Spell could be held for a very long time and wasn't affected by the size of the transformed object. Furthermore, a person's soul wouldn't be made uncomfortable by the transformation.

Bluntly speaking, one was just from an advanced spell book and the other from the Three Thousand Great Spells. That was the difference.

Standing at the top of the spirit gathering tree, Wang Ling spread out his spiritual senses to track down the aura of those kittens. Before, he had heard several cats mention that the cat boss in this area was called Zheng Tan. If he wanted to command the stray cats here, no one apart from the cat boss Zheng Tan would be able to rouse them into action.

The management of stray cats was very strict and their rules were derived from the team management system that Wang Ling had popularized among the stray cats back then. He was somewhat surprised though that these cats were still strictly abiding by the management system long after he had left the cat world; there were always trivial squabbles over territory and natural food resources between different groups, large and small, but in times of crisis, the cats would present a very strong united front as they banded together against a common enemy.

Wang Ling didn't intentionally pay attention to or care about these things. It was just that every day on his way to school, he would pick up the thoughts of the stray cats on the street corner through his Mind-Reading Ability, so he was aware of all this.

Of course, he had never thought that his casual deeds back then would actually bear such bountiful fruit... even to the extent of playing an important role in saving the world.

There was only one hour left to the destruction of the planet.

The key to the whole thing now was finding Zheng Tan, and through Zheng Tan's strength, find Wang Ming.

Perhaps no one could have imagined...

The world would actually be saved by these stray cats that had been abandoned by people in the past.

...

...

Back then, after popularizing the concept of team management among the stray cats and solving their living space and food issues in Peiyuan district, Wang Ling had chosen to retire. He still remembered quite a number of the cat bosses in the district, but most of them had been cat leaders from the first generation.

Among them, the ones that had impressed him the most were the three cat tyrants called "The Little Tigers": the thunderbolt tiger Tang Shi, the small handsome tiger Song Ci and the baby tiger Yuan Qu 1 .

1(The pinyin for Tang Shi, Song Ci and Yuan Qu are homonyms that, respectively, refer to poetry from the Tang Dynasty, poetry from the Song Dynasty, and a particular type of poetry form popular in the Yuan Dynasty) These three cat tyrants had already become old cats who now pulled the strings behind the scenes. In light of their scale of expansion over the years, these three cat tyrants were probably each in charge of a cat army now.

As for Zheng Tan, while its rank might be low, as the cat boss of the stray cats at Number 59 High School, it could still be considered a leader among cats.

There was a good saying that one shouldn't disregard the village chief as the cadre itself 2 . Wang Ling didn't discriminate against the village chief, nor would he discriminate against a cat...

2('Don't disregard the village chief as the cadre itself' can be interpreted as not looking down on someone's status.) School was already over for the day, and back among the sakura trees, there were students scattered here and there who were looking at the flowers; Wang Ling could smell the acrid scent of love in the air.

Tracking the auras for a few hundred meters, he very quickly found the cats that had been rolling around under the sakura trees yesterday.

These cats were all crossbreeds and had been abandoned at a very young age; Wang Ling wasn't a cat expert, and couldn't tell from just looking at their appearances what mix of breeds these cats were.

But all this wasn't important. If he wanted to find Zheng Tan, he could only get these cats to act as his guide. He had never seen Zheng Tan before and didn't know what its aura was like, otherwise he could have tracked it down and directly teleported himself to its location.

After some consideration, Wang Ling took the initiative to stroll toward them.

As he drew closer to the cats, he again heard what they were saying in their hearts.

The big cat that was the leader: "Look! Here comes a girl!"

Second Cat: "Wow! It's a black-and-white Persian cat!"

Third Cat: "Its fur is really beautiful, it must be a beauty among cats!"

Fourth Cat: "Don't tell me it wants to hook up with Boss?"

Big Cat smiled. "Otherwise? Beautiful cats are only compatible with the strong!"

Wang Ling: "..." Damn it! He was fucking male!

He now thought it had really been a big mistake back then choosing to transform into such a beautiful Persian cat.

Seeing Wang Ling walking toward it step by step, Big Cat felt that its fur was a little dirty and coarse from the rolling around it had been doing just now, so it crouched down and bent over to begin licking itself everywhere; even its own anus didn't escape the treatment.

Bloody hell, this is obviously even more coarse, okay?!

Wang Ling wasn't in the mood to bother too much with these cats. He stared at them and directly communicated with them telepathically. "Where is Zheng Tan?"

When his deep voice sounded in the minds of the four cats, they instantly looked embarrassed - bloody hell! They had gotten the gender wrong!

This cat was actually male!

Big Cat's face was instantly full of disappointment as if it had been rejected by a female kitty. Its head drooped and it collapsed onto the ground. "...Why is it male?"

"..."

Do you fucking need to be so sad about it!

Besides, this isn't the point at all, hey!

The point is where is Zheng Tan!

Wang Ling felt that these cats' nerves were shit; they had actually completely ignored the fact that he had spoken to them telepathically.

Big Cat lifted its paws weakly and said sadly, "There is no point to the life of a cat without a beauty to accompany it!"

Wang Ling was utterly speechless. "..."

Fortunately, he had made preparations beforehand.

A spirit light flashed on the ground, then several salted fish-flavored crispy noodle snack packets appeared.

These were all Wang Ling had. He had initially intended to secretly enjoy them at midnight when there was no one else around.

"Wow! Limited edition salted fish-flavored crispy noodle snack!"

The eyes of the cats suddenly lit up. Big Cat rolled and jumped to its feet, and unrestrainedly rubbed Wang Ling's head with its paws. "Hahahaha! Brother, you're very clever! Since you've asked us so sincerely, I'll take you to Boss!"

"..." This cat really changed face faster than flipping through a book.

Wang Ling sighed in his heart; it was said that stray cats were all foodies, which turned out to indeed be true.

Seeing this big cat put the three limited edition crispy noodle snack packets into the cosmic space on the belly band it was wearing, his heart bled...

At the same time, he also had some misgivings about how the cat world currently worked; he hadn't expected these low-level cadres to actually begin openly accepting bribes just a few years after his withdrawal! This matter had to be strictly dealt with and required serious reorganization!

...

After about five minutes, with the four cats taking the lead, Wang Ling entered a small, unremarkable opening in a corner of the sakura tree garden. This entry was fully blocked by two thick and solid sakura trees, and was very difficult to find from the viewpoint of a human.

After entering the small opening, he found himself on a residential lane. On the east side of the lane was a street sign that said "Dahuang Road."

Following Big Cat, he came to an old willow tree with a trunk so wide that five or six people holding hands around it still wouldn't be enough to completely encircle its girth.

This tree had put down roots here for at least several hundred years; the rumor was that it had been struck by lightning before, but it hadn't fallen and still towered firm and upright.

The cats climbed adeptly to the top of the tree, then turned to look at Wang Ling. They then turned their gazes in the direction of a very small tree hole — Zheng Tan's stray cat base was in that hole...





Chapter 57 Zheng Tan's Independent Regimen


Wang Ling jumped effortlessly to the top of the tree and lay prone to look at the small tree hole for a long time. He could feel the endless space inside the tree hole and immediately knew that it had been expanded using space expansion technology. This also proved that cat boss Zheng Tan absolutely wasn't unintelligent, otherwise it wouldn't have ever thought to open up the space.

Big Cat proudly told Wang Ling that back then, Zheng Tan had spent a lot of energy opening up this space.

It wasn't Zheng Tan who had originally thought of the plan, though, but the old willow tree which had already been here for three hundred years.

According to Big Cat, back then the spiritual energy of heaven and earth had converged to open the old willow to spiritual wisdom. In the process of reaching the Tribulation Transcendence stage, a lightning bolt had struck and pierced the body of the tree, which unexpectedly and inadvertently stimulated the old willow's vitality.

Zheng Tan using the secret tree hole was also the old willow's idea.

It took one hundred years to cultivate a person 1 and it was too lonely an existence, so to be surrounded by several companions was always good.

1('One hundred years to cultivate a person,'百年树人, actually means that it takes a long time to educate or train people, but in this context just refers largely to a very long period of time.) "How often does this spirit tree wake up?" Wang Ling looked at Big Cat as he asked telepathically.

"You must call him Mr Shu!"

Big Cat corrected him. "Mr Shu sleeps for quite a long time and only wakes up in the evening. His surname is Zhou."

Wang Ling: "..."

Zhou... Shu... Ren 2 ?

2(Zhou Shuren was a Chinese writer who was primarily known as an essayist and a translator. The pinyin for Shuren,树人,literally translates to 'tree person.') Wang Ling followed the cats and jumped into the tree hole. It was like moving through a space tunnel, and after a change in light and shadow, he finally saw the huge space inside. Just like the secret bases in movies and TV series, the whole space was neatly sectioned off and put to proper use.

He saw several cats in white gowns walk past together balancing two books on their heads.

Big Cat introduced them. "They're the research team in Boss Zheng Tan's group."

Then, Wang Ling saw dozens of sparrows wearing small goggles pecking corn harmoniously in a nearby corn field...

"They're our regiment's aerial company."

After that, Big Cat pointed to several cats ahead of them wearing black face towels. "These ninja cats belong to the spy company. The cavalry company trains independently at a secret base outside the tree hole."

"..."

Wang Ling asked telepathically, "Please tell me, what is your regiment called?"

Big Cat pointed to a small stone tablet to one side of the base which had words scrawled on it in human language: Independent Regiment .

Wang Ling looked at the stone tablet for a moment. While he was still stunned, Big Cat pointed to the stone tablet again and said, "Behind this stone tablet is an inscription by Mr Shu Ren."

Wang Ling took a curious look and saw that the back of the stone tablet had been engraved with two poems...

On the left: I coolly defy sazi 3 with fierce brows, yo. On the right: I am willing to bow my head to be a 4 yaer , yo.

3(Sazi is a traditional Chinese food where dough is pulled and twisted into very thin strips that are then deep fried in oil.) 4(While 'ya er'芽儿literally translates to "little bud" or "little sprout" in the Sichuan dialect, it can refer to the "penis.") Wang Ling was completely stunned. "..."

...

From the overall layout of the space and arrangement of teams, it had to be said that Zheng Tan was a very intelligent cat. A cavalry company, a spy company and even an air force composed of sparrows. It was simply incredible...

The space inside the willow was very large and the Space Expansion Skill used was the most common type and nothing spectacular. However, this primitive Space Expansion Skill had been able to extend the space of a small tree hole to the size of a person's living room; for these cats, the space was already enough.

Zheng Tan's Regiment Office was in the deepest part of the base. Big Cat guided Wang Ling to the door of the office, then had several of its kitten underlings wait together with him at the door as it looked at him and said, "Brother, wait a moment, I'll go in to report first!"

In less than five minutes, Zheng Tan strode out of the room. It had black, shiny fur and pointed ears; there was even a decorative copper bell on its tail that jingled as Zheng Tan walked, highlighting its might as the commander of this Independent Regiment. Wang Ling was certain that it must have been groomed by the thunderbolt tiger Tang Shi; only cats groomed by Tang Shi would have this kind of ruffian air about them.

From the faint smell of its breath, it was not difficult for Wang Ling to guess that it had been enjoying its dinner; furthermore, it was a spicy seafood-flavored hot pot...

When Zheng Tan saw the Persian cat, it couldn't help narrowing its heterochromatic eyes.

To be able to sit in the position of commander of the regiment, it was obviously much more sensitive to this "Persian cat" than the lascivious Big Cat.

Because the legendary Immortal Meow... was also a Persian cat!

Whether it was Tang Shi, Song Ci or Yuan Qu, they had all ordered the cadres in their respective areas to be on the lookout especially for this cat breed and to inspect them with caution.

But Immortal Meow had retired a very long time ago.

Zheng Tan had frequently searched nearby areas from time to time, but with no results to show for it.

Now, suddenly hearing from Big Cat that a Persian cat was looking for it had been a shock.

No way... this couldn't be a coincidence, right?

It hadn't even finished chewing the spicy fish balls in its mouth before it ran outside.

It looked carefully at the Persian cat in front of it, then saw that this cat was sitting cross-legged and floating gently in the air...

Back then, Immortal Meow had opened the stray cats to spiritual wisdom, but had only imparted to them some simple Foundation Establishment body training methods. It hadn't taught any of the stray cats immortal spells. A Persian cat that was able to use the Suspension Spell... furthermore, wisps of mist hung in the air around it... nothing else needed to be said, Zheng Tan knew the identity of this Persian cat!

Zheng Tan: "!!!"

Big Cat: "Wow! Bro! Awesome magic trick!"

Zheng Tan really wanted to smack this idiotic guy next to it to death. "..." Fuck your awesome! This is Immortal Meow! You retard!

"Im... Immortal Meow?"

Big Cat's tongue was knotted with fear.

Zheng Tan narrowed its eyes; it didn't need to guess, it knew this guy had probably made some fucking trouble again!

"Boss, I really didn't know... I took three salted fish-flavored crispy noodle snack packets!" Trembling, Big Cat stretched out its paws and took the snacks out from its belly band.

Zheng Tan smacked Big Cat's head with one paw.

This git really can't accomplish anything, but can spoil everything!

Lustful and greedy!

Fuck! Cut your bonus! Deduct your salary! You're not going to get any year-end bonus dried fish!

How can my own chief of staff be such a witless idiot?!

Ah! Fuck it! —

Zheng Tan slapped one paw to its face, too angry to speak.

Wang Ling picked up the crispy noodle snacks from the ground and instantly felt better. He got straight to the point, stretching out one paw to draw Wang Ming's portrait on the ground and at the same time telling Zheng Tan his request telepathically.

He hadn't used this Space Sketching Skill since winning a national art competition as a kid, as it was really too eye-catching.

Zheng Tan nodded, then looked back at its chief of staff that was lying repentantly on the ground with its paws on its ears.

"Da Biao, you dumbass! It's time for you to redeem yourself!"

While speaking, Zheng Tan kicked Big Cat to its feet. "Notify Battalions One, Two, and Three, the calvary, the spy battalion, and the air force: relying on favorable terrain, go out and do a thorough search of Number 59 High School!"





Chapter 58 Second Battalion Commander! You Son of a Bitch...


It could be said that the team management system for all stray cats originated in Peiyuan district. After years of expansion, there were now more than a thousand stray cat groups, of all shapes and sizes, in Peiyuan district alone.

The three famous cat army generals — Tang Shi, Song Ci and Yuan Qu — each managed their own division. The army consisted of three divisions, each division consisted of three brigades, and each brigade consisted of three regiments...

Looking at the scale of development in Zheng Tan's Independent Regiment, it could absolutely be called a star regiment. And once the entire regiment heard this order and moved out, the scene and scale of this operation was truly jaw-dropping.

The old willow in the alley was one of Zheng Tan's main headquarters. It was in turn supported by more than ten secret bases, large and small, that had been set up all over Number 59 High School's school grounds. However, most of them were hidden inside the willow hole.

Now the troops came pouring out all at once. Just the air sparrows alone numbered more than a thousand. In the sky, they looked like a mighty and aggressive swarm of locust! Along with the rest of the calvary, the spy battalion, and normal battalions... including every military branch, Zheng Tan's Independent Regiment added up to more than ten thousand soldiers! Their strength was almost on par with a military division!

Under the cover of night, the Independent Regiment's sparrows came out in full force and filled the whole sky above Number 59 High School; stray cats showed up in the grass, in the treetops and in every corner of the school grounds. Looking at this sight, Wang Ling couldn't help drawing in a sharp breath.

Fortunately, it was already after school; it would be impossible for such a bustle to go unnoticed otherwise, and it would very likely become a hot topic of discussion the next day.

The old uncle patrolling the school grounds couldn't help knitting his brows when he realized that there were more stray cats around the school than usual today. Three to four cats on average sat around on each of the tens of benches in the school... some of the kittens were even publicly engaging in a certain indescribable activity, which flustered the old guard and made him blush.

Given that spring was animal mating season, the old uncle didn't interrupt their pistoning motions. Inspecting his surroundings and finding nobody suspicious, he turned off his flashlight and left under the moonlight.

In fact, these cats were extras that had been employed by Zheng Tan to draw the patrolling guard's attention. The real troops were all well hidden. As soon as the old guard left, countless pairs of gleaming eyes opened in the grass.

Cats had sharp night vision; they were swift, nimble and smart, and they made no sound at all as they jumped out of the grass.

The operation was progressing more smoothly than anticipated.

The commander-in-chief of this operation was Zheng Tan and the lieutenant commander was a short-tail cat with black spots. Since it was a little bald, Zheng Tan had nicknamed it The Monk.

It was Battalion One's commander, and also one of Zheng Tan's most outstanding cat soldiers to date.

In Battalion One, The Monk's soldiers had a very specific impression of it, that it was smart as a whip.

Previously, Wang Ling had only enlightened the three cat tyrants, The Little Tigers. It was these three cats — Tang Shi, Song Ci and Yuan Qu — that had taught the rest of the stray cats and enabled them to advance to this point.

Of course, Wang Ling was not the first person to have opened a stray cat to spiritual wisdom. Plenty of cultivators had helped their pets achieve spiritual enlightenment, whether they were hamsters, centipedes, tortoises, rabbits, Pikachus... any pet you could think of would have been covered. It was worth mentioning that The Monk had also been born with a very high IQ.

When Zheng Tan had been grooming The Monk back then, it had been very easy and had cost Zheng Tan no effort at all. As soon as it had been born, The Monk had taught itself junior skills such as catching a mouse. Now, after enlightenment, The Monk could use its wits and intelligence to play tens of dogs easily in the palm of its hand...

The Monk stood calmly on the command platform from where the physical education teachers usually directed students in exercising.

A moment later, the cats from Battalion One which had been dispatched to carry out the search all returned.

"Results?"

Several of the battalion leaders meowed at The Monk for a while. The Monk's whiskers twitched slightly. "The classrooms, corridors, and offices on each story were searched, correct?"

Then, it was a very clear conclusion.

There was only the gymnasium left...

Why would a man run to the gym in the middle of the night? To peep at schoolgirls as they trained, and in the end get himself locked in?

Bloody hell, what kind of weird fetish did this man have?!

As a cat already disillusioned with society, The Monk's scorn for him was already beyond words.

But Immortal Meow was looking for this person, so it didn't have much to say.

...

Wang Ling had always thought that the stray cats had potential. Although they appeared all alone without shit-shoveling officers to care for them, as long as they banded together, they could produce incredible results.

Back then, uniting these scattered stray cats had just been a casual idea. Who would have thought that the seeds which Wang Ling had unintentionally sown would grow into lush willows that were now coming in handy.

There was now less than half an hour left...

Wang Ling could feel the talisman seal deteriorating even further. Now more than ever, he didn't dare make any big moves, for fear that his aura would be like prehistoric powers flowing out of control.

Fortunately, news came to Zheng Tan very quickly; a sparrow immediately brought back investigation results from the frontline.

Zheng Tan nodded and looked at Wang Ling. "Immortal Meow, the location has been confirmed — he's inside the gym!"

The gym?

Given how strong his spiritual senses were, it was impossible that Wang Ling wasn't able to infiltrate the gym with his spirit. Hence, he believed the people who had kidnapped Wang Ming weren't using a simple magic weapon. At the very least, it had to contain the same material which his talisman seal was made from, creating a dead zone for his spiritual senses.

But now that the location had been confirmed, the rest would be simple...

Shortly after that, Wang Ling and Zheng Tan arrived at the front doors of the gym, which were shut. A sparrow perched atop the skylight of the gym pinpointed Wang Ming's specific location — this guy was in the women's locker room!

Wang Ling and Zheng Tan moved around to the back of the gym and stopped in front of a thick wall.

The entire gym had been constructed out of black crystal. It was so solid that it wouldn't crumble via normal methods of demolition.

Of course, if the talisman seal had been functioning normally, Wang Ling could have torn down the wall effortlessly. But the situation now was a little unique, and since the talisman seal was about to expire, he was afraid one punch from him would cause widespread destruction for hundreds of li around the gym.

After some thought, Wang Ling didn't make a move, and just turned his eyes to Zheng Tan instead.

Zheng Tan was instantly filled with awe!

Of course it wasn't doubting Immortal Meow's prowess. How could a mere wall stump Immortal Meow?

Zheng Tan thought that Immortal Meow was clearly giving it a chance to prove itself!

Right away it got excited, and it turned around to meow loudly, "Second Battalion Commander! Second Battalion Commander, you son of a bitch, where is the Yidali cannon? Bring it here and blast a hole in this damn wall!"

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 59 Yidali Research Bureau for Unique Artifacts


Huaxiu nation's Yidali 1 Research Bureau for Unique Artifacts.

1(We mentioned this pun before in chapter 14, where Yidali 意大利 is the Chinese transliteration for Italy. Here, however, 'Yi' used in the research institute's name 意大利 means 'wow' or surprise.) This was a renowned place in Huaxiu nation that specialized in studying unique magic artifacts. The head of the institute was a cultivation ammunitions expert from Mi nation called Billy, nicknamed King Billy.

The team led by King Billy had been riding high on the results of their research in the last few years as they made significant breakthroughs in scientific theory as well as technological research, surpassing all other unique artifacts research departments.

Though the name "Yidali Research Bureau for Unique Artifacts" had been registered for a very long time, it had only started to make its mark in the last two years.

All the magic artifacts researched by King Billy's team possessed three characteristics that could be summed up in three different Chinese characters which together read as "Yidali."

First, "yi" meant surprise. Most of the artifacts which King Billy's team researched possessed this distinctive characteristic. Each one would always dazzle or surprise the people handling them.

Secondly, "da"! This word didn't just refer to an artifact's immense impact, but also to the large number of times it could be used. A magic artifact could typically only be used three times before the distinctive magic halo which each artifact possessed vanished. However, each of the unique artifacts researched by King Billy could be used at least ten times!

Finally, "li"! This word also had a double meaning. On one hand, it was "li" from bian li 2 , meaning that the magic artifacts were convenient and easy to use. On the other hand, "li" was also the second Chinese character in King Billy's name. The research institute's name thus had a really profound meaning.

2('Bian li' means 'convenient' or 'easy.') In the last few years, King Billy's team had developed quite a few unique artifacts that were very easy to use. Among them, the one that sold like hot cakes was that "Yidali Cannon."

[Yidali Cannon]

Maximum Number of Use: Ten

Application: This product can be used against any strongholds, and can easily blast through hard matter like black iron and black crystal.

Directions for use: This product is operated by voice control, and should only be used against buildings. At the first yell of "Fire," the cannon will automatically take aim at the target and determine the trajectory. At the second yell of "Fire," the mouth of the cannon will automatically heat up and gather power. At the third yell of "Fire," the Yunlong Missile in the bore will be fired. In the presence of a commander-in-chief and a second battalion commander, the Yunlong Missile's damage output will automatically increase by twenty percent. If there is a woman present inside the building under attack, the damage output will increase by ten percent, to a maximum output of one hundred percent.

Back in the beginning, these instruction guidelines for the "Yidali Cannon" had been the talk of the town.

Truly, the most mystical thing about this unique artifact was how its damage output was passively increased through identity verification and the number of women present... some people said that King Billy was the first person to perfectly decode unique artifacts, because he was unique himself...

Because the products designed by King Billy's team were all somewhat odd...

The Yidali Cannon was a hot product, but it wasn't cheap. It was used mostly by demolition teams since it was illegal for normal cultivators and the general populace to own them. As for Zheng Tan's "Yidali Cannon," of course it hadn't bought it.

Wang Ling had discovered from Zheng Tan's memories that roughly six months ago, it had seized this Number 59 High School territory from the former boss, Shan Pao. Shan Pao was a bichon fraise sexual maniac that had been able to gain spiritual intelligence because it was a crossbreed that possessed the blood of spirit dogs.

When Zheng Tan had fought Shan Pao for the territory in the beginning, it had spared no effort in doing so. With the battalion commanders under its command, it had struggled bitterly for a long time before finally claiming the territory.

The "Yidali Cannon" was part of Zheng Tan's spoils of war after it had overrun Shan Pao's headquarters back then.

To this day, it was still a mystery how Shan Pao had acquired this unique artifact.

Wang Ling felt that the reason behind how such a destructive artifact had fallen into the hands of a group of intelligent animals was a little complex.

These stray cats respected their "Immortal Meow"; when he had taught them back then, apart from popularizing the concept of team management, he had also provided mental and emotional counsel.

Wang Ling had no idea how stray cats elsewhere treated humans, but in Peiyuan district at least, the stray cats led their own lives but were also able to live in harmony with humans. There were even large groups of righteous cats that would escort ladies walking home alone at night in case there were no-good lowlifes around.

He was thus very confident that the cats he had trained would never act against humans.

However, if these unique artifacts were to fall into the hands of animals who were just as intelligent, but happened to have dark hearts...

Who knew what the consequences would be...

Seeing a black cat and its subordinates slowly push a cannon just the size of a shopping basket out from where it had been hidden in a mound of grass was a little strange.

This "Yidali Cannon" would easily blast a hole in this wall of black crystal without destroying the rest of the building.

Of course, Wang Ling had thought about using Jingke, but it was too much like him ― as a sword spirit, it was still too young to have experienced much of the world yet, and was clueless about how to control its strength. Wang Ling was afraid that with one stroke, Jingke would cut the gym in half.

Therefore, his only hope was this "Yidali Cannon" which had been designed by King Billy's team.

At this time, Wang Ling couldn't make any extraordinary movements; he even had to keep his breathing steady, for fear of what could happen now that the talisman seal was weakening. A sneeze at this moment could kill people!

However, he could still help out with some simple support spells.

Number 59 High School's old guard hadn't left, and the sound of the "Yidali Cannon" firing was bound to draw his attention, so Wang Ling cast a soundproof barrier.

Putting on protection goggles, Zheng Tan stood by the Yidali Cannon, hands on its slender waist.

"Second Battalion Commander, are you ready?"

"Ready, Regiment Commander!"

Nodding its head, Zheng Tan placed its small paw on the sensor pad and confirmed its identity as regiment commander. Then, the muzzle of the cannon followed the direction of Zheng Tan's gaze as it pointed at a specific point on the wall.

"Fire!"

"Fire!!"

"Fire!!!"

After three world-shattering shouts of "Fire"...

With a " bang ," a streak of heavenly light shot out from the cannon's muzzle!

In just an instant, a waist-high hole was blasted in the wall.

...

In the women's locker room, Wang Ming was instantly awakened by this massive boom.

Meanwhile, Jiang Liuying stood stupefied as she looked at the scene outside the hole with a stunned and pale face.

On the other end of the wristwatch, a woman's voice sounded. "I heard an explosion on your end? What's going on?!"

Jiang Liuying's mouth twitched.

"Sis... I seem... to be surrounded... by a bunch of cats..."





Chapter 60 She's Hiding Weapons of Mass Destruction


It wasn't just Jiang Liuying and Wang Ming who were stunned as they stared at the hole in the wall; even the woman on the other end of the phone call was dumbstruck.

Obviously, words alone were utterly unable to describe and directly convey the impact and shock of the scene in front of their eyes.

What Jiang Liuying saw was a black cat with protection goggles on and one hand resting on a battery pack at its waist as it stared at her.

Everywhere around this black cat were cats as far as the eye could see... on the ground, in the trees... there were even ninja cats wearing black, hanging on the wall. Furthermore, Jiang Liuying realized that most of them were standing on two feet! Bloody hell... if they had wings, wouldn't they be an all-mighty species? Had they been possessed by Happy 1 ?!

In the last few years, there were plenty of pets that had achieved spiritual enlightenment, but they were all strictly regulated by Huaxiu nation's Quarantine Department.

With this huge gathering of spiritually enlightened stray cats, some even wielding a terrifying Yidali Cannon... Jiang Liuying felt that this scope and power were comparable to a small-scale demon rampage.

The reason why the Gate Between Worlds was so frightening lay not just in the catastrophic might of the demons, but more in their organization and discipline.

Each time the demons invaded the earth from the Gate Between Worlds, it was always after they had already talked it over and settled on an invasion plan.

The current situation was far beyond Jiang Liuying's expectations.

This was obviously a premeditated rescue operation...

And the party executing this rescue operation... was actually a bunch of cats?!

The woman on the other end of the phone call sounded baffled. "Are you... still asleep?"

"Sis, I'm really not joking... believe it or not, I've really been surrounded by a bunch of cats... oh, no, a troop of cats. Especially the black cat that's their leader, it's staring at me with lust!"

Hei Tan 2 : "..." Fucking hell, you dare to defame this father 3 ?!

2(Hei Tan literally translates to 'black Tan' to describe Zheng Tan's black fur.) 3(In Chinese, people sometimes refer to themselves with elder family positions like father, grand aunt and so on, in either an arrogant or teasing way, to emphasize status or capability.) On the other end of the phone call, the woman went quiet. After an enigmatic silence, she spoke once again. "I think there really is something wrong with your brain, are you not feeling like yourself right now? Why don't we cancel the mission this time?"

"Sis, let me explain!" Jiang Liuying spluttered at her elder sister's words.

Without waiting for her to continue, the woman on the other end went on to say, "...To be on the safe side, I'll give you half an hour to return."

After saying this, the woman directly ended the call, leaving Jiang Liuying no opportunity to explain the situation as she stood in front of the troop of cats with a dumbfounded look on her face.

After staring blankly for a while, she finally rolled up her sleeves and pouted at this bunch of cats. "You puny gits, do you think this grand aunt is afraid of you?!"

She was formidable, and different from most Golden Core cultivators. With one glance, Wang Ling's radar-like eyes had seen through to her true strength — she was a rare cultivator with two golden cores! They lay in her dantian region, and together, made her ten times stronger than a cultivator at the peak Golden Core stage!

The oppressive force generated by the girl's anger was very obvious. Even if it was only a small wave of emotion, it was enough to make Wang Ming's cheeks ripple.

Although enlightened, Zheng Tan was only a cat at the Foundation Establishment stage at best. The oppressive force which the girl had generated was already enough to make its black fur stand on end. Similarly, the entire division of cats behind it all looked like hedgehogs with their fur sticking up.

All of a sudden, a bald cat burst out of the crowd and snarled, "Watch out, Regiment Commander!"

Battalion One's commander, The Monk, threw itself at Zheng Tan. Even some of the cat guards behind it followed its action and also threw themselves one after another at Zheng Tan.

Honestly speaking, Zheng Tan was very moved since they were protecting it, after all... but it almost suffocated under tens of cats suddenly piling on top of it and pinning it down!

"What on earth are you doing..." With a sour face, Zheng Tan popped its black head out from deep within the pile of cats.

"Protecting the boss, be careful of her chest 4 !" several cats cried out in unison.

4(The Chinese word 胸器 used here is a mix of two words that have the same pinyin, xiongqi: 胸器 which can mean 'perky breasts'and 凶器 which is a 'lethal weapon.') "..."

The Monk nodded. "This woman's chest is much bigger than that of a normal human woman's, so I highly suspect it contains weapons of mass destruction."

Zheng Tan: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

Even Wang Ming gasped, stunned by these cats speaking human language and astonished at how fluent they were.

As the most powerful brain in Huaxiu nation, he could broadly estimate how intelligent these cats were. The black cat that was the leader had the highest IQ, and the bald cat next to it had the second highest IQ. For animals, Wang Ming felt that their IQs were possibly higher than a regular human's. Of course, there was no way that their IQs would surpass his.

Wang Ming looked at the girl. "Hey, elder sister, haven't you noticed?"

"???" Jiang Liuying had a blank look on her face, and for the first time, Wang Ling and Wang Ming, these two brothers at odds, shared a tacit understanding. There was a saying, big breasts and no brains... looking at it now, it really wasn't an unreasonable saying.

"Elder sister, with your realm, you can crush a Golden Core cultivator with one hand. But haven't you notice that your oppressive force isn't the least bit of use at the moment? These cats may have spiritual intelligence, but they're not that powerful... yet now, even under your oppressive force, they're still so lively."

This time, realization suddenly hit the girl as beads of sweat started to form on her small, fair face.

She should have noticed it earlier!

This bunch of kitties, along with this man who had no spirit energy at all, should have been immobilized under her oppressive force... but these cats were actually still frolicking around?

Taking every factor into consideration, the girl could think of only one possibility! — There was a nature-defying person here with a more formidable realm than hers! Only such a person could exert an impact on the fluctuations of her oppressive force and prevent it from taking effect from the start, like suddenly blocking the mouth of a dam.

...Who the hell was it?

Jiang Liuying's gaze swept swiftly over the horde of cats, and at the same time she bombarded them with her spiritual senses, trying her best to detect a particular aura among them. At this moment, it seemed that the girl's brain power had finally caught up, and she began to suspect that there was something fishy about these cats. For example, a master could have used the Transformation Spell or something like an illusion technique to sneak into their midst.

If this really was the case, it was sometimes possible to pick the person out by carefully distinguishing the auras.

However, this ability to identify auras only applied if there was a minor gap in realms between the two individuals in question.

To be honest, if there had been time, Wang Ling would certainly have calmly played with the girl for a while.

But now was not the time for hide-and-seek...

There were only ten minutes left before the end of the world!

Thus, under Jiang Liuying's utterly stunned gaze, a black-and-white Persian cat strolled elegantly through this large crowd of cats, which conscientiously parted to give way to it.

So this was the cat...

The girl was instantly vigilant, but just as she was about to call up her spirit energy, this Persian cat released a strong power which pressed down on her.

Then, the girl was shocked to realize that her spirit energy had only moved halfway, and was actually stuck in her dantian ! What was more, she found herself in the grip of an oppressive force, completely immobilized!

This Persian cat... was it a freak?!





Chapter 61 Elder Brother's Original Intention


How could a cat have such powerful oppressive force?

The girl's stunned and pale expression also showed fear, since she had been completely immobilized! Like her body, even her tongue had become numb and she was unable to speak... in this situation, she couldn't even use the netherstone!

At this moment, the girl recalled her elder sister's words, but it was too late for regrets. She should have retreated earlier on!

Wang Ling felt that the girl seemed to have misunderstood something, as he actually hadn't released his aura and oppressive force to suppress her.

The reason was very simple — releasing oppressive force was an AOE 1 skill. If he carelessly released this force in his unchecked state, it wouldn't just be this girl that would be reduced to a fleshy pulp, his dumbass elder brother as well as the cat division outside would also be turned to ash...

1(An 'Area of Effect' (AOE) skill in many role-playing games is an ability that affects multiple targets within a particular area.) Actually, the girl was immobilized as a result of the backlash from Wang Ling's invulnerable body, which had been triggered instinctively. This could cause the oppressive force to rebound with twice as much pressure. In fact, it pretty much shared the same principle as the rebound from a physical attack on the body; for a concrete example, please refer to the Eldest Young Master of Burying Love, Xu Ying, who because of the backlash back then, had been reduced to dust...

This utterly discomfited girl who was unable to fight back did look a little funny to Wang Ming.

Meanwhile, Wang Ling knew that Wang Ming had already uncovered his identity. Although he acknowledged that they didn't have a great relationship, like it or not, they coordinated quite well together in unusual situations.

The moment the wall had been blast open, Wang Ming had already realized it had to be Wang Ling.

He looked at his wristwatch. There were less than ten minutes left before the old talisman expired...

Taking out the talisman which he had on him, he cautiously wrapped it around Wang Ling's arm like a band-aid.

The seal was reinforced at last!

Wang Ling checked his paws. Hmm... as expected, the new talisman was much stronger than the old one.

He could clearly sense that his strength had been curbed drastically. The first three months after the talisman was put on was when the seal was the strongest. So in the next three months, Wang Ling didn't have to worry about breaking chopsticks; he could even jump around without fear during the radio gymnastics.

This was great news. It made him happier even than when he was eating crispy noodle snacks.

"To create the talisman this time, I refined the materials from the last three years and fused it with something new... it will last for five years now, which should be enough time for you." Wang Ming said the words in his mind instead of speaking out loud since Wang Ling would be able to hear it clearly with his Mind-Reading Ability. After all, there were outsiders around and they couldn't let them know the secret of the talisman seal.

In some sense, Wang Ming felt that Wang Ling's uncontrollable advances in his realm as he got older was an even more important state secret to be protected than his own so-called most powerful brain of Huaxiu nation.

He treated this matter as if it was his own secret; he had promised Wang Ling's parents that he wouldn't speak of it to outsiders. Even Wang Ming's own parents had no idea.

If it were to be exposed, it was very likely that endless wars would follow.

And Wang Ling would very likely be taken as a war machine by the nation...

Wang Ming thus actually paid very serious and earnest attention to Wang Ling's matter. Not only had he been researching more powerful talismans for Wang Ling all this time, he also kept his lips tightly sealed regarding this secret.

Wang Ling thought that at the very least, he and Wang Ming were of the same mind on this matter.

His wish was for world peace.

And it was the same for Wang Ming, this elder brother...

Looking at the immobilized girl, Wang Ming turned his head to ask Wang Ling, "What should we do with this person?"

Wang Ling raised an eyebrow; what else could they do?

— Of course hand her over to the nation!

From the beginning, he had had no intention of killing her, since there was no value for him in getting rid of one measly killer. On the other hand, if they delivered her to the cultivation police, it would significantly accelerate the investigation of the Stream Shadow incident.

Even if they eliminate one killer, there were still tens of thousands of others... thus, helping the cultivation police take out an international criminal organization at the source... this should be the basic quality of a model citizen who upheld the core values of cultivation.

Of course, Wang Ling didn't plan to claim credit for this deed.

In the end, it would need the most powerful brain in Huaxiu nation to sort out the mess.

Wang Ming bent down for a moment to search all the girl's pockets and recover the stolen netherstone. She looked like she had been paralyzed by the Sunflower Acupuncture Skill 2 . He pointed at her and sighed in his heart. "Knock her out first."

2(The Sunflower Acupuncture Skill is a martial art technique from the Chinese TV series 'My Own Swordsman' and 'Longmen Express.') After pondering for a moment, Wang Ling did as he was told.

For the first time, Wang Ling felt what it was like to be in cahoots with his brother.

...

The cat division had withdrawn, and only Zheng Tan, Da Biao and The Monk remained by the gym doors.

On the side lay Jiang Liuying, who had already been trussed up by Zheng Tan and the other cats like a rice dumpling...

Zheng Tan gripped Wang Ling's small white paws, crystalline tears pooling in its eyes. "It was wonderful to be able to fight side by side with Immortal Meow this time! Don't worry, Immortal Meow, our engineering team will work around the clock to fix the hole!"

Wang Ling: "..." He recalled the cat researchers in white gowns that he had seen in Zheng Tan's base... along with this engineering team, he wouldn't be surprised if in two or three years, they were able to build fucking missiles!

Wang Ling didn't say anything and only kept his astonishment hidden in the depths of his heart as he waved goodbye to Zheng Tan and the other cats.

Broken-hearted at his departure, they followed Wang Ling with their eyes and waved their little paws until he disappeared at the end of the road.

To be able to fight alongside Immortal Meow was an honor that Zheng Tan felt was worthy of being recorded in the annals of cat history!

This time, if it hadn't been for Zheng Tan's help, who knew what the consequences would have been.

Wang Ling had barely left Zheng Tan's line of sight when he suddenly detected a familiar aura approaching.

This was Lao Gudong's aura...

Wang Ling stretched out his spiritual senses, and realized that not too far away, Lao Gudong and Director Xie were strolling along hand-in-hand and were drawing closer and closer.

Wang Ming was also taken aback by the sudden appearance of these people, but very quickly he smiled and walked up to them himself. "Hello, teachers!"

It was time for him to display his acting skills.

Director Xie froze — why was there a family member in the school at this time? It was very strange, since to ensure that the spirit sword exchange meet proceeded smoothly tomorrow, she had notified all teachers-in-charge that they weren't allowed to keep students in after class, in order to prevent criminal elements disguised as guardians from fishing in troubled waters3.

3(This means to take advantage of a crisis for personal gain.) Therefore, Lao Gudong and Xie Huaichun were instantly vigilant against Wang Ming.

This wasn't the strangest thing; the strangest was the unconscious girl tied up like a rice dumpling next to him. Was this cosplay or bondage play?

"You are...?"

"I'm Wang Ling's elder brother, Wang Xiaoer. I'm here to look for Wang Ling." Wang Ming produced his ID card.

"Oh~~ Wang Ling's elder brother!"

After checking the ID card and confirming Wang Ming's identity, Lao Gudong then turned his head in Director Xie's direction and said, "Hm, Wang Ling's my student, he's here for the spirit sword exchange meet."

"Oh, I see..." Hearing Lao Gudong's explanation, Director Xie relaxed her guard. "What are you doing here at this time?"

"I was looking for Wang Ling at first, but I encountered a Shadow Stream Gold Ribbon assassin before I could find him. I had to deal with her, which wasted some of my time." Wang Ming pointed at the "rice dumpling" on the ground.

"Shadow Stream Gold Ribbon assassin..."

Director Xie was dumbstruck! An assassin had snuck into the school without being noticed — this was a serious matter!

"Do you have evidence that she is a Shadow Stream assassin?" Director Xie was still suspicious about the girl's identity, and Lao Gudong also had some doubts. They had no reason to completely trust a stranger's words.

"If these two teachers don't believe me, have a look at the ribbon around this young lady's arm and verify the truth for yourselves." When Zheng Tan had been tying Jiang Liuying up, Wang Ming had had the cat expose part of her arm.

The ribbon belonging to a Shadow Stream assassin was made from a special material and was direct proof of the killer's real identity.

Lao Gudong inspected the ribbon on the girl's arm and was deeply shocked in his heart!

...A real Gold Ribbon Shadow Stream assassin!

He was unusually sensitive to things that had to do with the world of killers.

Furthermore, looking at this girl tied up like a rice dumpling and judging by the boobs of mass destruction which were still too big to be covered up, Lao Gudong wondered... could this killer be the legendary Master of Shadow Stream?!





Chapter 62 My Silly Otouto


Later...

In all likelihood, this could be the Master of Shadow Stream, the legendary 36D maiden. She was apprehended by the cultivation police for interrogation, and Wang Ming followed them. As a directly involved party, he had to go with them to give his statement.

Lao Gudong and Director Xie walked Wang Ming to the school gate, and Director Xie gripped his hands tightly. "It's only thanks to Mr Wang that the villains' plan was derailed, otherwise who knows what the consequences could have been!"

"Teacher Xie, you flatter me, I was just doing what anyone would do. Upholding justice, being chivalrous... isn't this the norm for cultivators?"

"But I'm very curious... why can't I feel even a hint of spirit energy from Mr Wang? Could it be that Mr Wang, you have a magic treasure on you?"

"A magic treasure? Do I need a magic treasure at my stage?" Wang Ming shook his head and smiled mysteriously.

As Wang Ming spoke, it suddenly hit Director Xie and Lao Gudong... if his aura wasn't being shielded by a magic treasure, the only reason left was that this Mr Wang had an extremely high cultivation realm! Otherwise, it wouldn't have been so easy for this Shadow Stream Gold Ribbon assassin to be defeated!

On the side, Lao Gudong couldn't help sighing. "Who would have thought that Mr Wang would have such unfathomable power at such a young age — I truly admire you!"

Wang Ling: "..." Wasn't this deceiving them a bit too damn well?!

"Mr Wang, is this your cat? I see that it seems to be following you."

While they were talking, Director Xie had noticed Wang Ling.

He had been worried that the killer maiden would rouse halfway, so he had followed Wang Ming. He had just been contemplating earlier if he had to knock her out again.

Now, seeing the police stick a restraining talisman seal on this tied-up rice dumpling girl, he could finally breathe a sigh of relief.

Wang Ming hadn't obtained permission before coming to deliver the talisman to Wang Ling, so the Huaxiu government hadn't sent bodyguards to protect him. If something happened to the most powerful brain here... Wang Ling couldn't even imagine how much panic it would cause. A thorough investigation of Number 59 High School and Number 60 High School would be inevitable, which in turn wouldn't bode well at all for his hidden identity.

Although he was unwilling to admit it, Wang Ling couldn't deny that for better or worse, he and his dumbass elder brother were in the same boat.

After turning it over in his mind, Wang Ling had thus still decided to follow him for the time being until the police arrived to ensure Wang Ming's safety.

He hadn't expect Director Xie to suddenly notice him at this point in time.

For some, their "idiocy" was reflected in their IQs and EQs, but Wang Ming's "idiocy" was reflected in the details of daily life, such as being addled by a woman's charm or disguising himself as a cultivator... normally, however, Wang Ming responded quickly in emergency situations.

"Director Xie is referring to this cat... perhaps I have something attractive on me which it's interested in."

Wang Ling: "..." Attractive your ass!

Hearing Director Xie mention Wang Ling in his cat form, Wang Ming smiled a little evilly.

He then bent over to pick up Wang Ling the cat. "Upsy-daisy!"

Wang Ling: "..." Up your damn head!

Wang Ling realized that this was the first time he was being 'molested' by this dumbass!

...Motherfucker!

Just you wait!

...

The rice dumpling girl was secured in the prison cage at the back of the cultivation police defense vehicle and guarded by two policewomen. Wang Ming sat obediently in the backseat with a policemn each sitting on his left and right.

Given his personality, he definitely wouldn't claim this so-called glory for himself. Because when all was said and done, he had used his surface identity Wang Xiaoer, not Wang Ming, so he didn't feel any sense of accomplishment in this matter.

The only thing that gratified Wang Ming in this mission to deliver the talisman to Wang Ling at Number 59 High School was that he had actually been able to tease his silly otouto 1 ! Although he hadn't had the opportunity to issue the hundredth challenge to Wang Ling this time, he felt that this trip hadn't been a fruitless one.

1('Otouto' is Japanese for "little brother.") On the road, Wang Ming deduced from the two policemen's slightly sullen faces that they had been just about to get off work when they had been called out here. Furthermore, they had caught a big fish this time, so they were definitely going to be working overtime... hence their extremely bad moods.

The two policemen gazed steadily at Wang Ming. "Mr Wang, can you please present your ID card? In order to save time, we'll start taking notes now."

Wang Ming obediently produced his ID card. Seeing the name and place of birth on the card, the two policemen were taken aback.

Xiangxieshuige in Yunding Heavenly Palace, Tianba city, Huaxiu nation...

While Tianba city did exist, what the hell kind of place was Yunding Heavenly Palace?

Dumbstruck, these two policemen of the people looked at the place of birth on the card for a moment, then looked at Wang Ming with expressions like they were suffering from stomach pains. "Mr Wang... now is not the time to fool around, alright?"

Wang Ling felt wronged. "Comrade policemen, do you really think you can tell that an ID card is fake just by looking at it?"

"Mr Wang, do you know that if you use a fake ID card, we will have to bring you in for a cup of tea 2 ?!"

2(This is the equivalent of 'having a chat' or interrogating someone.) "Oh... Pu'er tea or Long Jing tea? An '82 Sprite would be even better!"

"..."

Since they had to work overtime today, the two policemen weren't in a good mood. Now that they were being played around with like this, one of them glared at Wang Ming. "Then let's test it! If your ID card turns out to be fake, I'll lock you up for fifteen days!"

"...Do as you wish." Wang Ming shrugged his shoulders without fear.

As a result, the two policemen in the car checked the verification list produced by the card scanner after two minutes...

After scrutinizing his bizarre character experience, the two men stared at the sentence "The above information has been verified by the National Cultivation Police Department of Huaxiu Nation" and sunk into deep thought... they even began to doubt their own lives...

...

Roughly less than half an hour after Wang Ming had been taken to the police station to give his statement, a world limited edition black Aoguanhai 3 combat vehicle rolled to a steady stop outside the main entrance of the cultivation police station.

3(This is a pain to explain because it doesn't really have any bearing on the context of the chapter ... it's a reference to a Barack Obama meme in China, and we guess the author got a kick out of it and turned it into a brand name. For the detailed explanation, you can check out the following: https://www.quora.com/How-is-Obama-perceived-by-Chinese-people and http://hanyuxiaofaxian.tumblr.com/post/34832577913/) Two scientific researchers in white gowns hastily got out of the car and rushed into the police station. Less than five minutes later, they emerged with Wang Ming in tow.

The two policemen who had been responsible for taking down Wang Ming's statement followed him to the entrance. They were surprised to find that their police chief had actually personally come to see Wang Ming off, waving goodbye with an apologetic smile.

The two policemen were dumbfounded. Who the hell was this person?

Only after that world limited edition black combat vehicle drove away did the police chief sigh with relief and turn to the two policemen to exclaim, "The two of you, you almost brought disaster down on us!"





Chapter 63 Comrade Zhuo Yi Is Awesome!


The arrest of a girl suspected of being the Master of Shadow Stream caused a huge stir.

Before that, the Red Ribbon killers which Shadow Stream had sent to Number 60 High School had been completely eliminated. Now, students from Number 60 High School had come to Number 59 High School for an exchange meet... in the end, this Gold Ribbon killer who had wanted to take advantage of the exchange meet to cause trouble had been apprehended even before the first step in Shadow Stream's plan could be carried out.

The most crucial thing was that the man who had apprehended the girl was in fact an elder brother of one of the students from Number 60 High School...

That damn Number 60 High School again...

People recalled that in events related to Shadow Stream, the National Cultivation Police Department had launched a code red investigation, but for several years, there had been no progress. In the end, less than a month after the start of the semester, there had been one breakthrough after another centered around a small, ordinary high school... was this damn school poisonous?!

As a result of this incident, people once again started to ask questions.

How did a beautiful 36D maiden become a merciless, bloodthirsty killer? A planned operation had been foiled in advance before it was carried out? Was it warped morality or a lack of humanity behind all this? A game between the light and the dark? Or a showdown between cunning and wisdom? The questions that emerged in the wake of this incident confounded people no matter how much they puzzled over them.

Until now, that female killer had yet to regain consciousness and Wang Xiaoer, the person who had thwarted this evil scheme, had been forcibly taken away from the police station less than half an hour after he had arrived... this string of related incidents looked like they had been perfectly premeditated.

To conceal Wang Ming's true identity, Huaxiu nation's Cultivation Academy of Science in the end pointed the bewildered police in a clear direction ― Songhai city's General Administration of 100 Schools.

And so, after Secretary Dakang had come by the office that day to chew the fat for several hours, Zhuo Yi had just returned home from the office when his home phone also blew up with calls.

He glanced at the phone numbers; he had countless missed calls, and now it happened to be Secretary Dakang calling...

Although he had already spent a whole afternoon chatting with the old leader and was feeling a little agitated, he knew he had no choice...

He had learned a lot in his position as deputy director in the last few years and could summarize his experiences into four rules for practical survival in a government department: first, one shouldn't speak nonsense; second, get up earlier than a chicken and sleep later than a dog; third, do more than a donkey does and eat less than a pig does; and the fourth and most important point — in receiving a phone call from the leader... do not! Ever! Hang up on him!

Zhuo Yi didn't know what else this old Secretary had to talk about after they had already spent the afternoon chatting, but he still picked up the landline...

Nowadays, the landlines used holographic projections; once Zhuo Yi accepted the call, Secretary Dakang's face was projected in the air.

Zhuo Yi lived in the staff apartment which a government agency had arranged for him. The current government advocated an anti-corruption policy, so to reflect how their staff endured hardship and wholeheartedly served the people, all staff apartments hadn't been expanded with the Space Expansion Skill.

However, this directly led to a problem — the space was relatively cramped, which resulted in the holographic projection looking exceptionally big.

After picking up the phone, Zhuo Yi almost couldn't help laughing. This holographic projection of Secretary Dakang... his nostrils were bigger than his head!

"Hello, Little Zhuozi?"

Secretary Dakang's voice on the other end of the phone call almost gave Zhuo Yi a shock.

Little... Little Zhuozi?

This nickname was a bit intimate!

Honestly speaking, Zhuo Yi felt a little surprised and flattered. "...It's so late, is there something else Secretary Dakang needs?"

"Little Zhuo, I really couldn't tell, you're very good at pretending, aren't you? When I was at the office with you this afternoon, you looked very calm and composed. It turned out you were plotting and watching in secret. You were going to surprise me, weren't you?"

Zhuo Yi: "???"

"Oh, don't deny it! Just tell me, that girl whom we suspected of being the Master of Shadow Stream at first was apprehended through your plan!"

Zhuo Yi: "!!!"

"This time I have to reprimand you for this... after all, she's a Gold Ribbon killer; even if you had known her strategy beforehand, you should have at least reported it in advance. There were students nearby. Furthermore, it was after school, so it was dangerous."

Hearing this, Zhuo Yi now knew what the old Secretary was talking about. On his way home, he had received a text message from the General Office saying that the cultivation police station in Peiyuan district had caught a Gold Ribbon killer suspected of being the Master of Shadow Stream at Number 59 High School.

He had intended to reply after he returned to the staff apartment and investigated the situation himself, but he had never expected that the old Secretary would call him first as soon as he had stepped into his place.

When he heard this, however, he felt something was off... why did he feel that with every development in the situation, he was being undeservedly credited with all these accomplishments as if by some imperial edict, like what had happened six years ago?

"Secretary Dakang, I..."

"It's fine, you don't need to explain. I know you didn't want to act rashly and alert the enemy, so you secretly arranged for the expert to sneak into Number 59 High School and set them an easy target to catch, right?"

"..."

"I tell you, you've really done yourself proud this time! After a preliminary interrogation, the girl who was arrested is very likely the younger sister of the Master of Shadow Stream! Isn't that surprising?! A shock?! Isn't that exciting?!"

"..."

"The Master of Shadow Stream hasn't appeared yet, but I believe that with this important lead, it will not be long before our Huaxiu nation destroys Shadow Stream and its criminal activities! Comrade Zhuo, to possess such intelligence and executive ability at your young age... I, this old comrade, really admire you!"

"...Can I ask Secretary Dakang, where did you hear this from?"

"Chairman Qi of Huaxiu nation's Cultivation Academy of Science personally called me to explain the matter. Little Zhuozi, I know that you want to keep a low profile, but sometimes when you've done a good deed, you really don't have to hide it."

Zhuo Yi sucked in a breath. "..." He completely had no idea when he had become connected to an institute with such a big name.

"Little Zhuozi, who knew you had such depths..."

On the other end of the phone call, Sun Dakang smiled. "All along the higher-ups have been wondering whether to promote you... they were worried that you might be too young to handle it since a tall tree also attracts the wind and you tend to do things low-key. But we just carried out a public poll and discovered that of all the government officials in Songhai city, you are at the top in terms of your reputation. Rest easy, given today's incident, you only need to wait to be promoted!"

Zhuo Yi: "..."

"Also, remember to prepare your program well. I look forward to seeing your Sky-Parting Sword at the spirit sword exchange meet tomorrow!"

"..."





Chapter 64 Spirit Sword Exchange Meet


The four-day student exchange meet was coming to an end.

Too many things had happened during these four days, such as the destruction of the spirit gathering arrays, the collapse of the Pengci Gang, the establishment of the General Administration of Harmony, the rehabilitation of delinquents, the near annihilation of the world, and also, the arrest of a Shadow Stream Gold Ribbon killer last night... no one could have imagined that all of these pesky little incidents had ultimately happened because of Wang Ling.

As Wang Ming was leaving, he had asked Lao Gudong and Director Xie to keep his identity a secret. This in fact was to protect Wang Ling so that he wouldn't become the focus of too much attention.

Therefore, although the incident had certainly caused a stir, apart from the police who knew that Wang Xiaoer was the elder brother of one of the students from Number 60 High School, everyone else had very limited knowledge of this incident. The only thing they knew was that it was due to the excellent leadership of the General Administration of 100 Schools' Comrade Zhuo Yi that Shadow Stream's invasion had been stopped and the flowers of the motherland safeguarded once again...

After this incident, however, even Wang Ling began to wonder whether he was poisonous... since entering this high school, he hadn't had a damn moment of peace! Every day it was like he was a particular death student — wherever he went, there would be dead people 1 !

1('Death student,'死神小学生, is a term used to describe the main protagonist of the Japanese manga and anime series 'Detective Conan, ' a high school detective who ingests a poison which physically turns him into a small child, but who continues to solve cases. The term 'death student' refers to how something is bound to happen whenever he's around, and a dead person is more often than not involved.) Father and Mother Wang's wish for him was to obtain his high school diploma without a hitch and then enter college smoothly and quietly.

But judging from the current situation, this road was a lot bumpier than Wang Ling had expected.

However, life had to go on...

At night, all was peaceful in Number 59 High School's school dormitory.

Before, Chen Chao and Guo Hao these two damn fat nerds had worn suits, neckties, wristwatches and shiny leather shoes and sipped drinks that definitely cost more than five yuan as they played an online game 2 . It wasn't until a while ago that Lao Gudong had forced them to turn the game off and go to bed... as for Sun Rong and Lin Xiaoyu, these two girls had already gone to bed early on for the sake of healthy skin.

2(This long description is a reaction to a Chinese interview in which a girl mocked "damn fat nerds" who only know how to play games and had poor fashion sense. This sparked a meme where male Chinese gamers took pictures of themselves playing games in suits.) Lao Gudong sat in a folding chair by the door; Shadow Stream had taken advantage of the span of time close to when school was over, so he was once again on high alert.

The students' safety was paramount. Lao Gudong wanted to ensure that the spirit sword exchange meet proceeded smoothly tomorrow, and more than that, that his students came to no harm at all outside school before they returned to Number 60 High School.

Another person who was also awake was Wang Ling.

He touched the small wooden sword lying beside him with very complicated feelings in his heart.

He only hoped that Jingke's performance tomorrow would be somewhat normal... please, please don't go overboard.

...

It was the fourth day and also Friday of the third week after the start of school.

The spirit sword exchange meet which everyone had been waiting for was finally about to begin.

The clamor of drums and gongs filled the air, firecrackers burst with loud bangs, red flags fluttered in the sky, and there was a sea of people...

As a tradition, the spirit sword exchange meet had originated with General Yi, one of the ten great founding fathers of the nation who had fought alongside Minister Shi and Secretary Sun at the Battle of Shimen and was nicknamed Blademaster. Back then, after the end of the Battle of Shimen, General Yi had left a famous saying on a stone pillar of the Stone Doors for all eternity: "Your sword is my sword!"

This sentence was in all current history textbooks and was compulsory knowledge that Lao Gudong would stress every year.

The spirit sword exchange meet between the two schools had been tremendously hyped up this time because it happened to be the five hundred-year anniversary for both schools. Number 59 High School and Number 60 High School these two foes had had the same thought of using this spirit sword exchange meet to top off their anniversary celebrations, when the purpose of the meet was instead supposed to be to improve the relationship between the two schools.

Tang Jingze and his posse had caused quite a number of problems for them in these four days, but by the final day, they had completely abandoned their stance.

However, this in no way affected their strategy or the confidence which Tang Jingze and the others had in winning this spirit sword exchange meet; since they couldn't prevail using unorthodox means, Tang Jingze felt it wouldn't be bad to compete with them in a fair fight!

However!

Wang Ling just didn't know where this guy got his confidence from...

...

On Number 59 High School's wide and newly renovated sports field, students arranged chairs to form a circle around the running track according to class and grade from the different regions. The empty space in the middle was left for the representatives of the two schools to battle it out in this spirit sword exchange meet.

Wang Ling was really not used to an exchange meet with more than a thousand people present; he had never shown off any sort of talent in front of so many people before.

On the stage, the leaders of the two schools had arrived: Headmaster Chen and Director Shi of Number 60 High School; Headmaster Jin and Director Xie of Number 59 High School; the district leaders of Peiyuan district... and the old Secretary Sun Dakang, whose face was full of excitement; and Zhuo Yi, who looked miserable.

Honestly speaking, the leadership team was feeling very awkward because no one had expected this old Secretary to turn up.

Of course, the students were unaware of Secretary Sun's identity. Furthermore, they felt that this person was a bit mad — they had never seen a leader wear a motorcycle helmet on stage as he observed proceedings from there. However, the students could also tell that this Master Helmet's identity was truly out of the ordinary. He was most likely a VIP... furthermore, he was a VIP that even Wang Ling hadn't foreseen.

Of all the students present, it was only Wang Ling who was very clear on who this leader was.

Honestly speaking, he was very worried that this old Secretary would somehow figure out something from his movements.

He didn't dare look this old Secretary directly in the eye and sighed deeply in his heart; now, he could only hope he would be able to behave like a muggle as much as possible during the spirit sword exchange meet later. It would be really bad if he caught the attention of this grandmaster.

In the silence, the old Secretary looked around and then looked at the leaders of the two schools with a weird expression. "Why aren't you starting?"

Headmaster Chen and Headmaster Jin wore helpless expressions. "..." You are the most senior leader here. As long as you don't speak, who the heck dares to start!

Hearing the old leader's words, Headmaster Jin sorted out his emotions before he smiled and started to speak as the official host of this spirit sword exchange meet, his voice carrying on the wind to reach each person's ears.

"Then, on behalf of the school leaders of Number 59 High School and Number 60 High School, I would like to express my gratitude to you, the ten elite students from the two schools, for participating in this spirit sword exchange meet! It is precisely because of your excellence that our cultivation education will become even more brilliant!"

Following the old Secretary's lead, the entire audience broke out in thunderous applause; seeing how enthusiastically he was clapping, a few leaders nearby started applauding even louder lest their listless clapping displeased him.

Everyone knew that the old Secretary was a person who revelled in excitement and really enjoyed moving around incognito. He had secretly attended more than a hundred school exchange meets this way.

While the headmasters of both schools did feel very honored that the old Secretary had personally shown up this time without needing to be invited, more than that, they were actually terrified...

After the applause died down, the scene was quiet for a brief moment before the female teacher in charge of hosting the meet picked up the microphone and began to recite the rules of the contest. "For this spirit sword exchange meet, there will be no individual events. Instead, it will be a team competition that will take place in a magic array which will merge holographic imagery and cultivation spirit talismans to perfectly simulate a test environment and real sensations of pain. In the end, the winner will be determined based on the number of points which each team obtains during the event. Apart from the reference marks obtained from hitting an opponent's vital points during spirit sword combat, teams can also earn game coins to buy magic weapons and props, which will make the competition more interesting and dynamic."

The female host smiled. "These are the rules of the contest! Next, will the ten students participating in the exchange meet please enter the magic array."





Chapter 65 Welcome to Cultivator's Rift


"The contest this time seem quite different to previous meets?" Listening to the female host list the rules of the contest, the old Secretary's eyes lit up.

Previous spirit sword exchange meets had basically just been students showcasing their individual talents by following a standard pattern of moves and judges scoring them based on their form and proficiency in swordsmanship, which could be considered extremely boring. The competition this time round, however, would be a team event, thereby doing away with the judging panel and replacing it with a comprehensive evaluation system. The scores given would hence be fairer and less biased.

Headmaster Jin smiled faintly. "The contest format this time round was personally proposed by General Yi at the standing committee meeting and our two schools were assigned to implement it."

"What this female host said was a little complicated. Can someone give me a simplified version of the contest rules?"

"Well... simply put, the competition this time is more like a five-on-five MOBA (multiplayer online battle arena) game. There are three lanes and each lane has a turret: an outer turret, an inner turret and a high turret respectively. The students are free to choose a lane to follow and subsequently have to defend the corresponding turret while they try to destroy the crystal in the enemy's base. After entering the game, the students are free to choose one functional system skill; currently, the only options are teleport, ignite, heal and flash skills 1 ... overall, it will be even more interesting and confrontational than previous contests."

1(This is basically all adapted from the Chinese mobile MOBA game King of Glory, which in turn draws very heavily on League of Legends.) Headmaster Jin said, "After officially entering the virtual space, the students' personal data, including their spirit swords, will be converted into digital data that will be integrated into the system's databank and their strength will be computed as numbers. These estimated values will be based on the grade of their spirit swords.

"There are two things that the students will need to do: firstly, increase their experience by growing steadily through defeating minions or monsters. After data conversion, the students' overall fighting strength will be divided into twenty parts, or twenty levels. With each level upgrade, five percent of their strength will be unsealed. Completing all the levels will mean regaining all of their true, original strength. Secondly, they need to collect as many game coins as possible within a short time frame and exchange them for magic artifacts in order to build their individual spirit swords."

"That's remarkable!" Secretary Sun nodded. "The upgrade method is very challenging! And building their spirit swords also helps them to improve their rapport with their spirit swords. But how are the values measured?"

"Of course, in order to ensure fairness, the stronger the sword, the higher its value. For example, Student Sun Rong's sword Mysterious Sea has already spawned a sword spirit and will require a large number of widgets in order to be built. Its overall value is estimated to be around 5,000 game coins," Director Xie answered from the side.

...

While several of the leaders were whispering to each other on the stage, the female host said, "I now declare the array open! The game has officially begun!"

The current arrays were very advanced and were all voice-activated. Before the array had been set up, the female host's voice had already been inputted into the system. Hence, after she gave the command, a green light immediately appeared on the ground of the large sports field.

Bzz ! —

Then, a green beam of light linking earth and sky appeared before all the people present.

All the students from Number 60 High School were the first to step into the beam of light, and to the naked eye, it looked like they gradually disintegrated into small particles that eventually disappeared in the green beam.

"Let's go too!" Tang Jingze gnashed his teeth and disappeared in the beam of light with Fang Huaqing, Liang Wei, Liang Zheng and Liang Fei.

The students from the two schools had entered the virtual space one after another; whatever happened next could only be seen via the large broadcast screens on the sports field.

The map that had been set this time rigorously "referenced" the battle design of a common five-on-five MOBA game. Next to both the red base and the blue base stood a stone tablet shamelessly inscribed with the words "Cultivator'sRift" 2 . The crystal towers, the high turrets, the bases and even the monsters in the jungle had been perfectly reconstructed...

2(This is "shamelessly" adapted from League of Legends' 'Summoner's Rift.') By killing both the minions sent out from the bases every thirty seconds and the constantly regenerating monsters on the map, the corresponding number of game coins could be obtained to build individual magic weapons. But the ultimate way to achieve victory was to destroy the enemy's base.

Although Wang Ling seldom played games, he understood some of the basic rules of this type of game. Besides combat, teams had to pay more attention to how they should proceed. The key was to build the most formidable magic weapon as early as possible.

But because this was a spirit sword exchange meet, they realized that apart from the individual spirit swords they carried, which had been converted into data, there were almost no other offensive magic weapons in the in-game shop. Furthermore, although everyone's spirit swords appeared in the shop, each spirit sword was bound to their respective owners and couldn't be bought by someone else.

Additionally, the rest of the magic weapons were mostly functional or defensive types... these things had all been designed by General Yi personally, so no one knew what the attributes of each magic weapon were going to be prior to the start of the meet. The students would have to wing it completely when they used them.

"Damn it! So many things... wouldn't just reading the descriptions alone take us until tomorrow morning?"

"What the hell? Why is my sword Climbing Dragon so cheap? Just 998? There's something wrong with this system data analysis!"

After the group of people from Number 59 High School had entered the virtual space, it had taken them a full five minutes to discuss the lanes each of them would take and a further ten minutes to browse through the shop's treasures one by one...

In contrast, the students from Number 60 High School worked together much more harmoniously...

Sometimes, one person making all the decisions could really save a lot of time.

"So that's how we'll do it! I'll take the top lane, Classmate Sun Rong will take the mid lane, Xiaoyu will go to the jungle and Guo Hao and Classmate Wang Ling are in charge of the bot duo lane 3 ." Each person had five hundred game coins to begin with. Chen Chao, this damn fat gaming nerd who was a veteran games specialist, arbitrarily determined the lanes that each person would take before he selected the most common rookie blank sword and the "ignite" skill and left the shop.

3(Again, this is gameplay jargon from King of Glory / League of Legends. Check out the LoL comprehensive wiki for more info.) [Name: Rookie Blank Sword]

[Type: Weapon]

[Quality: Ordinary]

[ATK: 10]

[Gold Coins: 350]

[Description: A common-type spirit sword magic weapon, ideal for home or travel]

Sun Rong found her own sword Mysterious Sea in the shop and was taken aback to find that its price was as high as 5,800 game coins. She then hurriedly chose the same elements as Chen Chao and went out to begin farming 4 for money. Each spirit sword was a finished item 5 , which would take quite a long time to build. But once it was built, Sun Rong felt that this would be the key to their victory.

4('Farming' in the game refers to killing multiple minions in order to obtain gold coins.) 5(A finished item is one which has finished been built.) Lin Xiaoyu, who had chosen the jungle lane, selected a rookie hunting knife which sold for five hundred game coins. A small hunting knife had a higher ATK (attack stat) than a blank sword and had some HP (health regeneration) effect. In the whole game, apart from the spirit sword, this was the only prop with an ATK that could be increased... otherwise, it would take a very long time to kill the evil wolf Fenrisulfr in the jungle using just the rookie blank sword.

"Good luck, everyone! Don't disgrace our school!"

After choosing her item, Lin Xiaoyu followed Sun Rong and also walked out of the base.

[Name: Rookie Hunting Knife]

[Type: Weapon]

[Quality: General]

[ATK: 30]

[Gold Coins: 500]

[Description: Large monster kills receive 10% damage bonus and 10% HP effect. A critical magic weapon for building the "Bear Grylls' Blade." Once the "Bear Grylls' Blade" is successfully built, it can instantly punish monsters and turn them into beef. The protein can be shared with teammates so that they can enjoy the HP effect]

Now, only Wang Ling and Guo Hao were left.

A bot lane combination usually consisted of a support and an offense; of course, Wang Ling didn't have to think about it before he selected support, since it was the most inconspicuous role.

In the shop full of goods, Wang Ling saw that Guo Hao's sword Ghost Tooth was priced at 2,800. Looking at the data, it was quite powerful.

Guo Hao also chose a blank sword and walked outside. "Wang Ling, be quick, I can't handle it alone!"

The reason Wang Ling hadn't left was that he was still looking for Jingke in the shop.

He had been afraid to show off in public for fear that Jingke would go on a rampage halfway through. But now that the contest this time had turned it into game data, Wang Ling was really very curious to know how much Jingke could actually be worth.

There were over one thousand swords among the magic weapons in the shop, and finally, at the very bottom of the column list of commodities, Wang Ling found Jingke in a very small and inconspicuous corner.

[Name: Jingke Peach Wooden Sword]

[Type: Weapon]

[Quality: Ordinary]

[ATK: Unknown...]

[Gold Coins: 1]

[Description: A peach wood sword that seems to have no damn use, perhaps it can be hung around the neck to ward off evil spirits?]

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 66 The Support's Path Toward Becoming Rich


Meanwhile, many screens were flickering on the sports field, considerately positioned to face every direction. More than a thousand students had gathered on the sports field to watch this novel match between the two teams. Some were watching silently, some had their heads lowered in thought and some were whispering to one another.

Under normal circumstances, there would be professional commentary for such a team game competition, but this "Cultivator's Rift" was a trial version that was not publicly available. Therefore, it fell instead to the female teacher acting as the host to provide related commentary.

The contest was currently in the early game laning stage, so basically there wouldn't be any team battles yet. The female host hence was a little bored as she watched the broadcast.

"There are too many things in this shop, it's really too much to take in. When the camera flashed over it just now, I couldn't see anything clearly."

"Even Senior Tang Jingze and the others took such a long time to look through everything. I think it would take me an hour before I can get out of this base... the initial amount of game coins is also too small, you just don't know how to use them or what to buy."

The students were engaged in animated discussion below the stage, and even the old Secretary on stage frowned a little. "This vast line-up of goods is indeed a real headache. A student who has difficulty selecting something could waste a lot of time in the shop."

"The system we are using this time for this brand new five-on-five competition is a trial version; for regular editions in the future, it's estimated that the number of magic weapons in the shop will be cut by around sixty to seventy percent."

"But this is good too, if there are more goods in the shop, it becomes necessary to choose a suitable magic weapon, one that is useful and flexible. To be able to do that really tests your ability to adapt.

"Come to think of it, is there a bonus mechanism in this game?"

"Mm, there are rewards. The first team to destroy a tower will be rewarded with five hundred game coins. The first person to slay an enemy will be rewarded with five hundred game coins. If someone else assisted as support in the kill, the bonus will be divided equally. There's also another thing... the first person to build a finished item, or in short, the first item reward, will be given an individual five hundred game coins.

"If you can take the lead by decisively obtaining these three system rewards, the team's advantage will be greatly increased."

Before he finished speaking, there was an electronic ringing sound from the screen...

First Item!

Following that, Wang Ling's name popped up in the system announcement.

Wang Ling: individual 500 game coins reward for building first finished item!

The female host straightaway exclaimed, "Student Wang Ling of Number 60 High School is the first to build a finished item! He gets five hundred game coins as an individual reward!"

The audience was all shocked...

When the image on the broadcast screen switched to the shop's column list of commodities, the sports field instantly resounded with non-stop swearing.

Fuck! Why the hell was there a finished item that only cost one yuan?!

Fuck! A guy who hadn't even left the base actually obtained the "first item" reward? There definitely had to be a bug!

"Fuck!" At the same time on the red side, five people including Tang Jingze shouted in unison when they saw the system announcement.

The cheapest finished item in their team was Liang Fei's sword Climbing Dragon. They had only needed to conquer two more minion lanes to be able to collect the prize money for "first item"! Who the hell could have known that the prize would be given to a person who hadn't even left the base!

Must appeal! Protest! Replay!

"...Is there something wrong with the system? Should we pause the competition to check it out?" Headmaster Jin asked after seeing this scene.

"It's not a problem with the system, it's just that Student Wang Ling's spirit sword is very cheap to begin with." The teacher leading the team, Lao Gudong, couldn't help sighing nearby. "Student Wang Ling was born into a poor family, he brought a peach wood sword to the competition this time."

Headmaster Jin couldn't help the way his lips twitched. "...So, this is your strategy?"

"As for that, I don't know. Perhaps Student Wang Ling has his own reasons." Lao Gudong shook his head.

As they spoke, the scene on the broadcast screen changed to the column list of commodities and the image stopped on Wang Ling's small wooden sword. Everyone was aghast when they looked at its price... this peach wood sword which cost one game coin was actually considered a fucking finished item... if it didn't win the first item reward, then there really would be something wrong!

....

Wang Ling didn't think that Jingke would actually be considered a finished item at one game coin. Originally he had bought it out of curiosity, but due to a freak combination of factors, he had ended up obtaining the reward for being the first to build a finished item...

Now, he could feel thousands of eyes following him steadily on the broadcast screen — this was a feeling he was very unaccustomed to.

This was really too much attention!

In order to shift everyone's gazes elsewhere, he would have to throw a game later on, make a big fuss of the others to ensure their good development and give them ample room to showcase themselves.

This was the right way to be a support!

Hence, at this moment, Wang Ling decided to refrain from doing anything more. Now that he had a bonus five hundred game coins, he should purchase an income item 1 and slowly and steadily develop and gain experience.

1(Income items help players generate gold coins passively or actively, depending on each item.) There were a lot of income items in the shop; although he had nine hundred and ninety-nine game coins, he chose one of the cheapest income items that would ensure he remained inconspicuous, then walked out of the shop.

[Name: Mysterious Black-Rimmed Glasses]

[Type: Functional Magic Weapon]

[Quality: Ordinary]

[Gold Coins: 300]

[Description: Time is money and money is time! A pair of mysterious black-rimmed glasses made by the Mo family; when worn, +2 game coins/1s... 2 ]

2(In other words, the glasses is a passive income item that generates two gold coins every second Wang Ling has the glasses on.) With the glasses on, Wang Ling left and returned to the bot lane, and was surprised to find that Guo Hao had actually already leveled up to Level 3.

I wasted too much time in the base!

Wang Ling sighed in his heart; he didn't think that he was a sloppy person, but he had had far less chances to play games compared with regular guys. Because he was always worried that he wouldn't be able to control his prehistoric powers and would destroy the gaming device, he definitely wasn't as smooth at games as Chen Chao and Guo Hao these two damn fat nerds.

But now that he had switched to a new version of the Dao talisman, he could rest easy for the next three months at least.

For three months, he didn't have to worry about destroying any more spoons and chopsticks, or his leaking aura destroying any public facilities.

During this stable period, Wang Ling could play games at home on the weekends or find work outside to earn extra money like any regular kid his age.

But after these three months, as the power of the Dao talisman seal weakened little by little, his days of fear would come back again.

Because the materials used to create the Dao talisman were very special, it took a very long time for Wang Ming, working alone, to refine them. Ordinarily, Wang Ling could forcibly speed up time, but when it came to this matter, he couldn't be of much help; as soon as he was anywhere near the materials, he became unable to use any of his strength at all, let alone cast any spells.

While he was pondering this in his heart, Sun Rong's voice was transmitted from the mid lane. "Classmate Wang Ling, be careful! The enemy's mid lane is out to capture the bot lane!" Members in each team were connected to each other, and voice messages could be transmitted from far away.

The bot lane of Cultivator's Rift was a relatively open space covered in a reed marsh, which made it very strategic for ambushing and capturing people.

Wearing his black-rimmed glasses, Wang Ling hid in the reed marsh near his defense turret to secretly observe the situation. Within a short period of time, he had already earned back the money which he had spent on the black-rimmed glasses.

"Classmate Wang Ling, don't linger on the lane! Hurry up and come back! Let's play it safe! There are three of them, we can't beat them!" Guo Hao had noticed that the enemy's bot group had already disappeared, which meant they were now very likely about to coordinate with the missing mid lane group to capture their bot lane!

But, can we really not beat them?

Wang Ling cupped his chin and pondered.





Chapter 67 Body Movement Without Movement


The system had converted everyone's strength into digital data and divided it into twenty levels. With each level upgrade, each person's strength would be unsealed by five percent.

But Wang Ling had discovered that this data conversion didn't seem to work on him since he wasn't a Foundation Establishment cultivator to begin with. Up to now, he had been faking his realm at school...

Foundation Establishment high schools would have Foundation Establishment students, so the system for this trial version of "Cultivator's Rift" would naturally set the range for the data conversion at the Foundation Establishment stage.

In other words, Wang Ling wasn't like everyone else whose data had been converted in the genuine sense.

Although his rank had been divided into twenty parts and he needed to accumulate experience in order to level up, this kind of upgrade was meaningless for him.

So even if he was currently only at Level 1, right now on this map, his existence was that of a god.

Forget the three people coming to capture the bot lane, even if it was an entire army division, he felt he could kill all of them with one slash of his sword.

However, as a qualified support, there was no way he could act on his own; the income and lead of the bot lane should be entrusted to the carry 1 . Looking back at Guo Hao, who was already shaking as he withdrew into the turret, Wang Ling walked step by step out of the reed marsh.

1("Carry" is a term that is typically used to refer to the primary damage dealer/killer on a team.) He had decided to sacrifice his body by going out to "seduce" the enemy...

Passing the opportunity on to other people was the best way he could think of to draw attention away from him.

Even if he couldn't kill people, he could at least use some cheat moves on them.

...

Tang Jingze, Liang Zheng and Liang Fei lurked in the reed marsh on the red side.

In the virtual game space, everyone had been transformed into data and their auras together with their spiritual senses had been sealed off by the system. Hence, there was no fear that their auras would be detected by the enemy.

"Check it out, that pretty boy is coming out!"

"This guy is only Level 1, where does his courage come from?"

"Looking at his broke appearance, he definitely doesn't play games often. My guess is that it's a trap!"

"Then are we going or not?"

Several people squatted in the grass as they discussed the issue animatedly before finally fixing their eyes on Tang Jingze's face. "Senior, please say something!"

To be honest, Tang Jingze's reaction was to reject going at first... after all, after two days' worth of encounters with Wang Ling, he had already reflected deeply on everything and was now profoundly aware of how poisonous this pretty boy with the crew cut was.

Go!

Or don't go...

That is the question.

In this type of MOBA game, it was quite a common tactic to gank someone 2 .

2(To gank someone is to ambush them.) At the moment, they had more people and higher levels. Wang Ling, who was just at Level 1, was like a slab of plump pork in Tang Jingze's eyes, dripping with fresh soy sauce as well as caviar, and the aroma of the meat could be smelled from miles away!

At last, Tang Jingze gnashed his teeth. "Go!"

We have more people, what the fuck is there to be afraid of?!

On the other side and holed up in the turret, Guo Hao saw from a distance something rustling ahead in the reed marsh. Then he saw three people, each one carrying a blank sword, descend upon Wang Ling. "Classmate Wang Ling, look out!"

After data conversion, spirit energy was represented by blue bars. Before a spirit sword was formally built, whatever effect sword skills had was next to nothing and just exhausted blue bars in vain. Therefore, after extensive consideration, the three people who had jumped out chose a common attack strategy, planning to rely on numbers to beat Wang Ling to death.

"Pegasus Meteor Sword!"

"Embracing Beauty Kill!"

"Star Burst Stream!"

Although these sword skills weren't much, an ordinary attack still had a name which had to be shouted out loudly so that it looked mighty enough. After all, it was an eternal truth that the output all depended on the strength of their roars.

Three people carrying blank swords struck hard at Wang Ling, as mighty and majestic as a man lassoing horses.

Wang Ling stood there calmly and didn't do anything. He knew exactly what would happen if the three individuals managed to cut him. Although they were currently only in a game, there would still be a physical backlash from his immortal flesh. If these three people cut him with their swords... wouldn't they be destroyed by the backlash, without leaving behind even slag?

This was completely not what he wanted to see happen.

On the other hand, to win three kills was really too eye-catching.

Then, now was the time to test his body movement.

Wang Ling was self-taught when it came to a lot of his skills, but growing up, he had rarely had the opportunity to fully use the truly lethal skills. Body movement was the only skill that he could practise at leisure.

In the cultivation world, most body movement skills emphasized a solid foundation and advanced planning so that one could gauge an incoming attack and then avoid it.

But Wang Ling wasn't able to do this because such body movements were too advanced and eye-catching. Hence, after practising for a long period of time, he had cobbled together a body movement skill that was the most suitable for him.

Ultimately, the conclusion that he had come to was — the best evasion strategy was no strategy, the most heaven-defying body movement was no movement...

"It looks like this ambush will succeed, first blood will be spilled on the bot lane," Headmaster Jin said with a grave face.

The female host exclaimed, "Now Students Tang Jingze, Liang Zheng and Liang Fei from Number 59 High School have taken the initiative to strike at poor, helpless Student Wang Ling! What will the results be?!"

Everyone held their breaths as they watched Tang Jingze and the other two strike suddenly and swiftly with their blank swords.

The wind pressure ruffled Wang Ling's short hair...

Ordinarily, they should have hit their mark!

However, it became a scene that no one could have imagined.

Facing an attack from three sides, Wang Ling, who had originally been standing still in one place, made a sudden and slight move.

The average distance between these three swords and his body was just 0.01 centimeters. However! He sidestepped them, so though the tips of their swords were so close to his skin, they unexpectedly only cut air...

"Bloody hell?! ...This, what type of body movement is this?" The female host, Headmaster Jin and his followers were all stunned.

"We haven't started teaching body movement classes at our Number 60 High School. For Student Wang Ling to be able to dodge... maybe he just has good luck."

"This boy must have taught himself! Dodging three swords with a sidestep, how is that possible!"

"Headmaster Jin, don't get excited. The old Secretary is also sitting here, how about we ask him for his opinion?"

On the stage, all the leaders watched a replay of the scene.

The old Secretary stared at the replay, then shook his head slightly. "I also can't tell what body movement this student is using, it just looks purely like an ordinary sidestep for dodging."

"..."

Since even this old Secretary had said so, Headmaster Jin was immediately speechless. The old Secretary's prowess was unfathomable, so the authority in his remark was naturally beyond doubt.

The female host glanced at the income disparity on the map and couldn't help sighing. "The students from Number 59 High School failed to capture the bot lane this time and also lost out on the income in the lane, so the students from Number 60 High School are leading with two thousand gold coins! Hopefully the students from Number 59 High School won't be discouraged and will continue fighting!"

Hearing the female host's words, Headmaster Chen smiled complacently. "That's why for this kind of team game, my advice is to not make such a big deal of it in the early stages; steady development is the key."

"Chen Tianxiang, don't be so pleased with yourself. I'll definitely pull ahead later!" Headmaster Jin puffed up his cheeks and glared at Headmaster Chen as he spoke to him telepathically.

On the stage, the leaders were engaged in heated discussion. Only Zhuo Yi alone stared in deep silence at the image... because he was the only one who knew how unfathomable this youth really was.

Six years ago, this type of terrifying strength that had killed the demon king with one blow... even the old Secretary might not necessarily have been able to do it.

What surprised him was that he had been searching high and low for Wang Ling for so long, but the other party had seemed to be aware of it and had used various ways to avoid him. And when they finally, truly met again after six years, it turned out to be at this spirit sword exchange meet.

Looking at Wang Ling's young face which had matured a little and at the same time recalling that small, boyish face from six years ago...

At this moment, Zhuo Yi felt like a whole lifetime had passed him by.





Chapter 68 The Team Battle Can Be Lost, but Wang Ling Must Die


The most heaven-defying body movement was no movement...

In this world, there was no attack that Wang Ling couldn't dodge with a sidestep; if there was, then he would just sidestep it again...

He felt that his hard practice over the years had not been in vain; even the old Secretary couldn't tell what kind of body movement skill it was, which suggested that he had executed his "One-Hundred Percent Sidestep Body Movement" very smoothly. Of course, he didn't think it was a big deal; he had just combined the best body movement with his own ideas in the simplest way.

Those "Demon Steps,""The Evil and Wild Phantom,""The Speed of Shooting Up Ninety Thousand Li" 1 ... after breaking down these elaborate actions, the real body movement was in fact nothing more than a sidestep.

1(These are all Chinese literary references.) The greatest truths were the simplest, which had been Wang Ling's style all along.

Looking at the showy and monstrous body movements on the market, he felt that most body movement skills had been demonized. Furthermore, the more complex they looked, the more expensive they were. What "Left and Right Jump," what "Three Thousand Thunder," what "Snake Skin Phantom"... these body movements were just beautifully wrapped versions of the sidestep and dodge; they were so complicated that they were like Superman's underwear worn on the outside — nice to look at, but useless and which did nothing to make one greater or stronger.

"...Classmate Wang Ling, you were too cool! Bloody hell, how did you dodge an attack on three fronts with just a sidestep?" Guo Hao had been stunned by Wang Ling's move and was so excessively shocked that his brain processes had come to a screeching halt. For the first time in his life, he felt that his intelligence was useless.

He couldn't even completely understand how Wang Ling had dodged the attack from three sides all at once — he just thought that the other boy's sidestep had been very strategic, that favorable conditions and good luck had coincidentally come together so perfectly in the direction of Wang Ling's move that no one could describe it.

Of course, Wang Ling wouldn't admit that this sidestep was actually also a kind of body movement. But when he thought calmly about it, he felt that even if he said it was, probably no one would believe him... so, out of habit, he ascribed it all to good luck.

And the most messed up thing with this answer was that it was acceptable to these friends from Number 60 High School, since Wang Ling's usual existence was very weak to begin with and the impression most people had of him was: average grades, poor family... and most importantly, he had especially good luck.

The best evidence of this was at the start of the semester, when Wang Ling this guy had obtained an SSS grade with his killer eye... if there hadn't been a bug in the system at that time, how could he have gotten this grade so easily?

And so, the friends in the top and mid lanes as well as in the jungle all sent him congratulatory messages.

Lin Xiaoyu: "Classmate Wang Ling, well done! That was a very powerful strike!"

Chen Chao: "Double-click 666 2 , buddy, all good!"

2(Double-click 666 is a Chinese online buzzword which means "super awesome.") Sun Rong: "Hehe, Classmate Wang Ling, as expected of our Number 60 High School mascot!"

Wang Ling: "..."

...

Twenty-two minutes into the contest, the income gap had widened to nearly three thousand gold coins. Number 59 High School was still in a disadvantageous position and the situation had continued to snowball from there. The main reason for this was the previous failure to capture the bot lane, which had straightaway thrown Tang Jingze and the others into disarray; furthermore, until now, they hadn't found a good opportunity to turn the tide around.

"Brother Tang, we can't go on like this. Shall we find another opportunity to attack the lane?" Liang Zheng and Liang Fei, who were in charge of the duo bot lane, started sending voice messages.

"After the last failure, the two guys on the other side have been pressing against our turret, now the turret's health is down to half... if it goes down anymore, there won't even be any foreskin left!"

"..."

Tang Jingze looked at his items inventory list, which had been at a disadvantage since the failed gank. On the opposite side, Sun Rong's inventory list already contained a third blank sword. As soon as she had a fourth one, she would be able to build a great magic sword. On the other hand, he had only just built his second blank sword...

This woman... was really too strong!

The huge income disadvantage was a real fucking pain for Tang Jingze; if they continued to be pressed down in this way, he felt it would be too late for them once Sun Rong built her sword Mysterious Sea, which cost 5,800 — after being converted digitally, its ATK was over 900 and it dealt 200% critical impact. With just a few blows, it would be able to pierce a defense turret.

"You haven't used your teleport yet, right?" Tang Jingze said.

"Not yet!"

"The ward 3 on the bot lane! We'll teleport there together!"

3(A ward is a deployable unit that clears fog in a particular area to grant a team sight of the surroundings.) Tang Jingze was not superstitious... Take a risk, even a bicycle may become a motorcycle. Where we fall, that's where we shall climb back up!

Talk the talk, walk the walk!

After the people from Number 59 High School agreed on the next course of action, an astounding scene occurred — on both sides of the reed marsh on the bot lane, two red beams burst out of the ground.

The female host shouted excitedly, "Now the students from Number 59 High School have decided to teleport and flank the bot lane! Once again they are attacking the bot lane! What they are facing are the eyes and expectations of all the students of Number 59 High School. After the last defeat, Tang Jingze as the captain of the team is well aware of how important this fight is to the team! Can he still smile in the face of danger?!"

...

The sudden appearance of the two teleport beams startled Wang Ling.

"Watch out, they're coming again!" Sun Rong warned them.

"Hold on, we're on the way!" Chen Chao said.

"Both of you are not carrying teleport, how are you going to get here quickly?" Guo Hao was about to cry. In order to ensure their laning advantage, both Sun Rong and Chen Chao had chosen "ignite" instead of the "teleport" skill, and Lin Xiaoyu carried the "flash" skill 4 .

4(The 'ignite' skill is used to set an opponent on fire, and the ꞌflash' skill enables a player to teleport a short distance.) Looking at the two "heal" skills he and Wang Ling were holding, Guo Hao was in tears.

These skills were completely useless in helping them out!

The loading time for teleport was very short, and Tang Jingze, Fang Huaqing and the three young masters of the Liang family almost immediately appeared on the bot lane. Their plan was to turret dive 5 and kill both Wang Ling and Guo Hao.

5(Turret or tower diving is to deliberate enter the attack range of an enemy lane turret with the goal of killing the enemy.) "Big brothers, let's take it easy! Can't you restrain yourselves?"

Under these circumstances, the only thing Guo Hao could think of was to delay them.

"Sorry, brother... our rule is, if you can do it, stop yammering about it." How could Tang Jingze be willing to give away this opportunity? He pointed his blank sword at Wang Ling, already unable to suppress his hunger and thirst. "Kill this pretty boy first, then kill the birdman inside."

Wang Ling: "..."

Guo Hao had also heard it and was insulted. "..." Fuck! Just because he had a parrot, he was given the nickname birdman?

While they were speaking, five people stood up, gleaming blank swords in their hands as they prepared to release all the resentment in their chests. They advanced with fierce slashing motions in the name of boosting Number 59 High School's fighting spirit.

Now that everyone had been converted into digital versions of themselves, they didn't have to worry at all about really killing people. And even if someone was cut, there wouldn't be any pain; at the most their health bar would be depleted, but once the health bar was empty, they could just be reborn at the base.

It could be said that Tang Jingze had been terribly suppressed in the last few days. After struggling to seize this opportunity in the game, he certainly wasn't going to let Wang Ling off easily now... the team battle could be lost, but Wang Ling had to die!

"..." Sensing this grievance, Wang Ling couldn't help sighing in his heart. Why were they targeting him? He was just an innocent support!

Facing a five-person offensive, Guo Hao didn't have Wang Ling's calm inner quality at all and he shrieked wildly, terrified.

"Fuck! Support, brothers and sisters! Where is the support?! Help!"

This hysterical cry for help made Tang Jingze feel much better. This type of experience could only be felt in a game, since killing someone with a knife in real life was a crime... even so, the murderous intent of these five people was still very strong. The aim of this teleport was to take heads — whether it was Guo Hao or Wang Ling, both were destined to die!

When the five individuals were just about to jump into the turret's attack range, planning a dominant dive... suddenly, three people pressed forth from the reed marsh in the back!

Sun Rong and Chen Chao, who had originally been far away in the top and mid lanes, along with Lin Xiaoyu in the jungle, had arrived!





Chapter 69 Back Then on Mount Wuqing and Malan Hill...


Tang Jingze knew that no one from Number 60 High School was carrying teleport, and normally the speed it took to get from the top and mid lanes to the bot lane was at the very least two damn minutes! This speed was a little too ridiculously fast!

Seeing the three people suddenly spring out of the grass, all the leaders on the stage were also baffled.

This support speed was really too scary...

"Why are they here?" Fang Huaqing stood on the edge of the turret's attack range, clutching his blank sword with trembling hands.

"They bought shoes!"

"Shoes? No matter how quickly they speed up movement, it can't be to this extent, right?"

Tang Jingze quickly opened the inventory list and what he saw almost brought him to his knees!

[Name: Reporter's Boots]

[Type: Functional Magic Weapon]

[Quality: Excellent]

[Gold Coins: 600]

[Description: A pair of running shoes personally created by the Mo family with a customized design to commemorate reporter comrades. Put on this pair of shoes and you'll be able to break human limits and run fast to reach teammates who need support. This pair of shoes expresses our best regards to the reporters who all these years have been constantly dashing around the world in search of big news.]

...

Looking at the broadcast image, the audience couldn't help but be lost in deep thought for a while.

A breeze blew through the reeds in Cultivator's Rift, stirring up a chill in the heart...

Seeing that Sun Rong, Chen Chao and Lin Xiaoyu had already emerged one after another from behind the tower with the aim of surrounding and attacking them on all sides, Tang Jingze simply wanted to break the blank sword in his hand. "..." What the fuck could they do now?!

Seeing that the situation had changed, some little fatty who had initially been hiding in the turret also walked unhurriedly out to greet Tang Jingze. "Yo~ big brother! We meet again! Who could have expected this feng shui... it's just like a big windmill turning!"

Guo Hao stuck out his belly as he jumped out from the turret. "Hit me!"

Tang Jingze: "..."

"You can't lift a finger!"

Saying that, Guo Hao jumped back to the turret. Then he jumped out again. "Curse me!"

"..." Tang Jingze gnashed his teeth.

"You can't open your mouth!"

"..."

Everyone from Number 60 High School were already used to this. In any case, it wasn't like this guy only started to have a rotten mouth in the last day or two. The most irritating, however, was when he was being a rotten mouth and you had no way to deal with him!

"Big brothers, let's take it easy... can't you restrain yourselves?" Tang Jingze was well aware that if they were beaten back and defeated here, their chances at victory would be very slim.

"Sorry, brother... our rule is, if you can do it, stop yammering about it!" Guo Hao threw back what Tang Jingze had said to him before, word for word, and then Chen Chao shouted, "Go, you —!" before kicking the five people from Number 59 High School into the turret's attack range.

Tang Jingze rubbed his butt, his face shaking... fuck! This rotten mouth birdman was a Scorpio! — Hold a grudge!

And then, there was no more 'and then'...

Given the disparity in items, plus their position in the turret's attack range, these guys from Number 59 High School completely lacked any strength to fight back.

"First kill!"

"Double kill!"

"Triple kill!"

"Quadra kill!"

"Penta kill!"

"..."

There was a ringing sound from the system in no time and a huge "ACE" hung high in the middle of the large broadcast screen.

The female host screamed excitedly, "ACE! Student Chen Chao's move worked! Students Guo Hao and Wang Ling's trap was very successful! Student Sun Rong has achieved a Penta kill! Penta kill! At this moment, Student Sun Rong raises her great magic sword high, as if she has been possessed by its spirit! At this moment, she represents the fine traditions of Number 60 High School... she's not fighting alone! She's not alone!"

"..."

The students of Number 59 High School facepalmed in unison.

Fuck! — This was a home battle! Too disgraceful, hey!

Director Xie sighed. "They have already done very well, but it's very clear that the students of Number 60 High School are more flexible in their use of magic weapons. This means they are very resourceful. Furthermore, the most important thing is that these kids unexpectedly know how to use advanced military tactics such as a ball 1 ."

1(A ball formation is a number of units moving together as one group.) Headmaster Chen: "Director Xie, you have actually studied team tactics?"

"This is from Grandmaster Ye Shen's Guide to Glory , I'm just applying what I learned." Director Xie smiled shyly and gave Lao Gudong a look as gentle as water. "Mr Wang is the true expert!"

Lao Gudong smiled bashfully. "Darling, you flatter me, I'm just an amateur."

Headmaster Chen, Headmaster Jin and Director Shi: "..." You this couple, enough already!

...

Thirty-eight minutes into the competition, the income gap in the field had reached nearly ten thousand... each person from Number 60 High School had as many as four to five items, and with just a little bit more income, they would be able to build the great magic swords in their hands into spirit swords.

Nonetheless, in consideration of both schools' influential positions, and so that Number 59 High School wouldn't fail too badly, Sun Rong, Guo Hao and Chen Chao all ran out to feed 2 them out of friendship. But even so, the gap in the number of kills couldn't be closed...

2(Feeding the enemy team is to be killed by them on purpose.) Twelve kills to three... victory and defeat in this battle had already been clearly decided.

On the stage, Headmaster Jin's expression was very grim. This was a showdown between two teams of school elites; in such a team battle, given this income disparity, unless a miracle happened, it was impossible to turn things around even if they gained some advantage...

Headmaster Jin heaved a deep sigh. "Ai, we've lost..."

The relationship between Headmaster Chen and Headmaster Jin was the same as that between Director Shi and Director Xie — they had been old foes for many years. Zhuo Yi was well aware of how things stood between the two men, who back then had both graduated from Seven Stars Sect.

Seeing Headmaster Jin sigh, Headmaster Chen, who had been his senior at university, also had somewhat complicated feelings that were neither happy nor sad, and he immediately comforted him telepathically. "Junior brother... it doesn't matter, the most important thing is participation. Friendship first, competition second!"

"Senior brother, remember when we crossed swords back then on Mount Wuqing and Malan Hill? I lost to you. This time, it's a battle between our students. Who knew I would lose to you again... ai, this has to be fate."

"This is just a game. There are always unpredictable factors in a team battle. This group of children from Number 59 High School never gave up to the end. This refusal to admit defeat is a bit like you..."

"The students from Number 60 High School are not bad either. They adapt very well and are very flexible. This cunning and astuteness... is the same as senior brother's..."

"Haha, junior brother, you flatter me!"

"...Senior brother, can we discuss something?"

"Speak."

"Have some of your students feed me again?"

"Dream on, junior brother! Do you want our spirit sword education to fail the way our national soccer team did?"

"..."

"Then, senior brother, I have another question."

"Speak."

"Why, why are there no spirit swords used in a spirit sword exchange meet?"

"..."





Chapter 70 A Spirit Sword Is Like Its Master


Using "Cultivator's Rift" as a test point this time in revising the content of the spirit sword exchange meet was the result of a joint collaboration between Chen Tianxiang and Jin Muyan these two silly brothers. The rest of the teachers had all been in the dark about it and they had only received the notification two hours before the spirit sword exchange meet.

The two headmasters hadn't expected that this spirit sword refinement trial version would be so successful. Various kinds of functional magic artifacts continuously emerged, which made the spirit sword exchange meet much more interesting. All the students in the audience were glued to the broadcast screen and not a single person had dozed off. In previous years, halfway through the meet, the students would begin to prop their heads up in their hands like theThinker 1 .

1(The Thinker is a sculpture most well-known for its pose, as a man sitting in deep thought with his chin resting on one hand. You can check out one version at http://www.musee-rodin.fr/en/collections/sculptures/thinker) But having said that, some unexpected things had still occurred.

The spirit sword refinement process this time was in the end still a trial version. There were many imbalances in battle; once a side gained an advantage, the other side was very likely to be left utterly defenseless.

This resulted in a particular scenario...

That was, before most people needed to properly build a spirit sword, they could already very likely use the blank sword and great magic sword alone to end the competition.

...God, how the fuck could there be no spirit swords in a spirit sword exchange meet!

The two silly brothers who were just realizing this now were instantly aware of how embarrassing this would be.

All the students carried spirit swords — how could they not be given the opportunity to show themselves off?

But the competition was already over!

When Wang Ling came out of the virtual space with the rest of his chums, he heard the two headmasters on the stage communicating telepathically in a constant back-and-forth.

"Senior brother... you should hurry up and think of something."

"..."

Headmaster Jin covered his face. "A spirit sword exchange meet without spirit swords — if word of this gets out, I don't want to live anymore!"

"Junior brother, calm down!" Chen Tianxiang knew that once this junior brother worked himself into an extremely agitated state, the maiden heart sealed in his body would overflow non-stop. For the sake of Seven Stars Sect's reputation, and considering that the eyes of teachers and students from both schools were on them, Chen Tianxiang's brain cells spun at an extreme speed of one hundred and eighty revolutions per minute.

Shortly after that, Headmaster Chen said in a deep voice, "Deputy Director Zhuo still has a spirit sword performance segment later, how about we have him choose one of the students' spirit swords to perform the Hundred Steps Flying Sword?"

Headmaster Jin's complexion instantly returned to normal. "Senior brother, smart!"

Headmaster Chen: "..."

Wang Ling couldn't help twitching his lips. "..."

...

On the stage, Zhuo Yi stared at the ten spirit swords laid out on the table in a cold sweat.

Honestly speaking, this was a much better outcome than Zhuo Yi could have imagined; he didn't know the Sky-Parting Sword, but he could handle the Hundred Steps Flying Sword. Whether the performance ended smoothly or not would depend entirely on the tacit understanding between Zhuo Yi and the spirit sword he would be using.

Because all these swords already had their own masters, for them to completely obey a stranger would be a great test of Zhuo Yi's swordsmanship and a certain level of spirit...

As Deputy Director of the General Administration of 100 Schools, it would be a real disgrace if he made a mistake in this segment!

"Who would have thought the contest rules would be changed, I wanted the chance to show off my Wangmeng and Wangji..." Sitting below the stage, Lin Xiaoyu sighed.

"It seems Xiaoyu's swordsmanship has improved tremendously!" Sun Rong smiled.

"That's right! After Lao Gudong showed me that book Founder of Evil Sorcery , it was like I was in a dream, and I realized the true meaning of parent and child swords!"

"What true meaning?" Guo Hao raised an eyebrow.

"Two bitches together, invincible in all of the world!"

"..."

"I wonder... whose spirit sword will Senior Zhuo choose?"

...

Zhuo Yi's eyes flicked back and forth over the ten spirit swords. Sun Rong's sword Mysterious Sea had already spawned a sword spirit... it would be impossible for him to control it within a short period of time. As for Lin Xiaoyu's parent and child swords, he didn't even want to touch them. It was difficult enough trying to handle one unfamiliar sword, these parent and child swords would be enough to kill him...

The rest of the spirit swords: Chen Chao's Lichao, Guo Hao's Ghost Tooth, Tang Jingze's Blue Blood, Fang Huaqing's Zhanpo, and the Climbing Dragon series belonging to the three young masters of the Liang family...

Wang Ling's eyes followed Zhuo Yi's gaze.

It was a one in ten chance, he wouldn't choose Jingke, right?

Then, Zhuo Yi picked up the only small wooden sword on the stage. "It'll be you!"

Wang Ling: "..."

Zhuo Yi naturally had his own reasons for choosing Jingke.

First of all, this sword seemed the most harmless and wasn't likely to pose any threat; it looked like it would be very easy to handle...

Second, the master of this sword was Wang Ling.

Zhuo Yi felt that this was a sign...

Holding Jingke, he was determined to perform well! If I can do well using shifu 's spirit sword, I might be able to please him!

"..."

Fucking please your sister! Also! Who the fuck is your shifu ?! Don't forcibly make me your shifu !

Head hurting, Wang Ling rubbed the skin between his eyebrows. He could now only hope that Jingke would be able to hold back its strength in the hands of a stranger... under no circumstance could it be allowed to go wild. Otherwise, with one wave of this sword, everyone here would have to move to another city to live in.

Although this sounded like an exaggeration, it was truly an indisputable fact.

Jingke was indeed a small wooden sword... but its lethality was undeniable.

When Wang Ling had entered the Gate Between Worlds to save Old Li, he had used Jingke to cut off the head of a demon god. Soaked in the blood of the demon god, Jingke underwent unprecedented and powerful refinement. It was also since that time that Jingke, like Wang Ling, could no longer suppress the prehistoric powers in its body.

It wasn't unreasonable to say that a spirit sword was like its master...

"And now, let us invite the Deputy Director of the General Administration of 100 Schools, Teacher Zhuo Yi, to bring everyone a wonderful performance of the Hundred Steps Flying Sword!" Seeing that Zhuo Yi had selected a spirit sword, the female host gave a resounding shout.

With Jingke in hand, Zhuo Yi slowly walked to the center of the sports field accompanied by thunderous applause...

On the stage, Sun Dakang frowned. "The owner of this sword, is it that Student Wang Ling?"

Beside him, Headmaster Chen didn't know why the old Secretary had suddenly asked this question, but nonetheless replied, "Yes, it's Wang Ling. Student Wang Ling was born into a relatively poor family and our school is prepared to organize a home visit and to raise money to help him."

The old Secretary nodded with satisfaction. "Well done. However poor we are, we should never be poor in the education of our children. Each and every student should feel care and concern from the school and society; only then will their spirits grow in good health."

Next to him, the headmasters of the two schools, the directors and the teachers leading the student teams couldn't help nodding. "Secretary Sun is quite right!"

"Well, comrades, it has been hard on you. It should be common practice for everyone to show more care and concern for those students who are not so well off." As the old Secretary was speaking, he still couldn't help but stare at the peach wood sword in Zhuo Yi's hands.

Was he mistaken?

For some reason, he felt that this sword... seemed a little unusual.





Chapter 71 The Second Half of "Jingke Assassinates Emperor Qin" is...0


1 Jingke is a historical Chinese figure well-known for his failed attempt to assassinate King Zheng, who later became China's first emperor, Emperor Qin. As the oldest person present and the senior with the most unfathomable realm, the old Secretary was truly worthy of his reputation. With his years of experience and his mysterious realm level, the old Secretary had been able to faintly sense that there was something unusual about this small wooden sword.

Nevertheless, Wang Ling didn't have to worry about this old Secretary noticing anything.

He had already peeked at Zhuo Yi's memory earlier and was very clear on the old Secretary's past. He was an old senior from that particular era who, along with several of the other founders of Huaxiu nation, had killed a demon god. This had made him unusually sensitive to the blood of demon gods.

Thus, Wang Ling had wrapped Jingke in an obscure aura before offering it up.

He had chosen not to completely block out the demon god's blood aura since that would seem very unnatural. Instead, the partial protection Jingke was wrapped in would make the old Secretary feel that he was mistaken, which would further help to hide Jingke's true aura.

...

Zhuo Yi felt that it had been a long time since he had shown off his skills in public, after his promotion to Deputy Director. The general public had always taken his taciturn personality to mean that he was modest and wanted to keep a low profile.

So as time went by, his Sky-Parting Sword faded into legend...

Actually, the truth was, he really didn't fucking know this skill!

And so, when he had been invited to attend the spirit sword exchange meet held between his alma mater Number 60 High School and Number 59 High School, Zhuo Yi's feelings had been complicated.

He didn't think he was any sort of genius. Even when he had reached Core Formation stage in Senior Grade Two, it was because he had accidentally fallen into a sinkhole that year in his agricultural course and had then made the mistake of eating a spirit fruit.

It could be said that Zhuo Yi's life was full of dramatic happenstances.

For example, that mysterious demon rampage six years ago; another example, that assassin maiden who had just been arrested yesterday... who the hell knew how the credit for all these incidents had got thrown to him?

Zhuo Yi had always felt that since entering Number 60 High School back then, if he wasn't winning at life yet, he was at least on the right path to it.

Number 60 High School was a magical place, a bright longevity village 2 ...

2(Bama village in China has been called 'Longevity Village' as it's well-known for its long-lived residents.) Zhuo Yi stood in the center of the sports field. The scene at this moment was utterly silent as this old senior graduate took the stage. It really had been too long since he had exhibited his skills; Zhuo Yi felt his heartbeat accelerate and he was a little nervous.

Once he had started working, the number of opportunities Zhuo Yi had had to touch a spirit sword was like the drop tower ride in an amusement park — a sharp plummet down.

Now, he needed to get a feel for it, which was important in order to coordinate with an unfamiliar spirit sword in a short period of time.

Theoretically speaking, the Hundred Steps Flying Sword was much easier than the Sky-Parting Sword. But for high school students who had yet to take the advanced spirit swords course, it was a high-level skill that they could only watch.

And since it was a high-level skill, there was still a possibility he could fail...

Under thousands of eyes, Zhuo Yi raised Jingke, and then performed twenty-three back flips and three Thomas flairs in one go. Everyone's gazes were fixed on his moving figure in the air. Jingke cut through the air swiftly, trailing spirit light which gave the whole scene an unusual beauty.

"What a stunning opening act!" Tang Jingze and the others stared in awe!

Thunderous applause burst out all around the sports field. On the stage, even Lao Gudong was lavish with his praise. "This is the Blink Swordsmanship passed down by Old Demon Han. While plenty of people know this sword skill, only a very rare few can practice it so naturally and smoothly."

"That's right." Even the old Secretary was effusive in his praise. "This sword skill is not very powerful, but it is the most pleasing of all to watch; it wouldn't be an exaggeration to say this is one of the top ten performances I've seen. Little Zhuozi has been busy working all these years, but it looks like he still made sure to practice in his spare time."

Little Zhuozi...

Hearing this old leader call Zhuo Yi by this name, the school leaders on the stage all had the same wonderful expression on their faces as Zhuo Yi when he had heard it himself back then.

In their hearts, Headmaster Chen and Headmaster Jin couldn't help pondering... what would make the old Secretary use such an intimate nickname — the depth of this relationship was worth thinking about!

"Senior Zhuo is too awesome. By the way, why is it called Blink Swordsmanship?" Lin Xiaoyu's face was etched with confusion.

Guo Hao sighed disdainfully. "Haven't you noticed that throughout the display, Senior Zhuo didn't even blink once? Blink Swordsmanship is famous for its elegance. The more skilled a performer is, the less he blinks. At the Battle of Shimen, those cultivators who were master swordsmen used this simplest of sword skills to disrupt the enemy's line of sight as part of the army's attack strategy."

"So it's like that..."

Everyone who heard this showed enlightened expressions.

After his simple demonstration with Jingke, Zhuo Yi sighed with relief. Judging from the strength of the applause, it seemed that his opening act had been a success... after all, he had practiced Blink Swordsmanship daily after entering university and was more familiar with it than with radio gymnastics and eye exercises 3 !

3(Eye exercises is another practice in Chinese schools where children massage the areas around the eyes in the belief that it will help improve their eye health and vision.) Even in the last few years when he had been so busy with work and had scarcely touched a spirit sword, Zhuo Yi would still make time to practice it on occasion.

But this opening act was nothing...

The show was only just starting.

Zhuo Yi draw in a deep breath; it was time for the Hundred Steps Flying Sword.

Two hundred meters away from the central sports field, a target the size of a bowl had already been set up. For many Foundation Establishment students, it was already too far to see; they could only make out a rough profile by extending their spiritual senses.

"This target is too small; hitting it will be extremely difficult!" Director Xie exclaimed on the stage.

Headmaster Jin gave a faint smile. "Legend says that General Yi's Hundred Steps Flying Sword could pierce a grain of rice from a thousand meters away."

The leaders, teachers and the female host on the stage all had the same sentiment in their hearts: Fuck... wasn't this too formidable!

According to historical texts, this was a godly skill which some swordmaster had used to slay an ancient tyrant. History also recorded that it was General Yi who had perfected its ideology and bolstered its theoretical framework.

In the end, it turned out that this legendary godly skill wasn't as complicated as people might imagine it to be. On a difficulty scale of one to ten stars, the Hundred Steps Flying Sword was rated six stars, so at best it was only just over the line.

Zhuo Yi had already memorized the theory behind the Hundred Steps Flying Sword at university. But when he had put it into practice back then, Zhuo Yi remembered that his success rate had only been over sixty percent...

It was a sword skill which really tested a person's technique, timing and explosive power.

"Whatever you do, do not screw up!" Zhuo Yi encouraged himself in his heart. Then he slowly swept the fore and middle fingers of the hand not holding Jingke over the sword's edge before pointing it at the bowl two hundred meters away.

A rope of azure spirit energy wound itself around Jingke's light brown body...

Then, from a distance, Wang Ling could see it.

Jingke was trembling violently, like Erkang's shaky hand 4 ...

4(Erkang is a character from the popular Chinese drama 'Princess Pearl.' A screencap of him with one outstretched hand has become a well-known meme.) — Not good!

Intuition told Wang Ling that Jingke was strongly adverse to this unfamiliar spirit energy and was about to go ballistic!

There were two ways in which Jingke could go ballistic...

The first, Jingke would release devastating, destructive power and the shock wave would cause a mighty earthquake that would be felt for ten thousand li around!

But this possibility could be pretty much discounted since if that were to really happen, Wang Ling's eyelid warning alarm would have already long entered demon mode.

Thus, if the first possibility in the event of Jingke going crazy was eliminated, then only the second possibility remained...

Wang Ling covered his eyes since he had a bad feeling that a scene to blind them was about to happen.

...

Zhuo Yi hadn't expected Jingke to reject his spirit energy this harshly. Usually, the best way to deal with a spirit sword rejection was to slice the air with the sword and use up the spirit energy stuck to it.

So that was what Zhuo Yi did.

However, this wasn't enough to stop Jingke from going ballistic.

The moment Zhuo Yi brought the sword down...

There was a " hu " sound!

On the stage, the old Secretary was inexplicably pulled by a powerful force out of the chair he was sitting in toward Zhuo Yi. His pants became directly twisted around the sword and were sliced apart!

Then, what was revealed was...

Two thick, hairy legs...

Before anyone could react, this strange gravitational wave had already subsided.

And then, everyone was utterly horrified when they realized that the old Secretary's legs were hanging firmly over Zhuo Yi's shoulders.

His leg hair, as thick as long johns, bristled in the breeze...

"..."

Wang Ling looked at this scene, speechless.

Legend was that the second way in which Jingke went ballistic... was one hundred percent, hairy legs hanging over the shoulders 5 !

5(This is a dirty gag from an episode of 'Bao Zou Big News Events,' a popular Chinese Internet talk-variety show program. The Chinese word for 'assassinate' here also means 'pierce.' So Emperor Qin's hairy legs are hanging over Jingke's shoulders as the latter 'pierces' him ...)





Chapter 72 Holding Onto Thighs


Zhuo Yi was famous once more... this time for being the first man in the world to hold onto Secretary Dakang's thighs 1 .

1(This is a riff on 'to hug a thigh,' which is to try and coddle favor with someone more wealthy or powerful.) This historical scene would be forever etched in the memory of every witness present!

Not everyone was worthy to hold the old Secretary's thighs. Back then, he had carried guns and millet 2 over a thousand crags and ten thousand torrents 3 to ambush demon gods. This still-renowned old senior, who had performed countless outstanding military deeds for the nation, now unexpectedly had his thighs held up by a junior...

2(Apparently, 'guns and millet' was a way of describing the Communist war efforts in China.) 3('A thousand crags and ten thousand torrents' describes the trials of a long and tough journey.) For a moment, many people tried to figure out the implication here.

Zhuo Yi's performance of the Hundred Steps Flying Sword had long ceased to matter. The instant the old Secretary had been pulled away by some force, the two school leaders as well as security personnel on hand had rushed out to protect him.

Wang Ling would never forget this scene for the rest of his life.

Amidst a gentle breeze on the sports field, under tens of thousands of gazes, the old Secretary brushed the dust off his body and slowly got to his feet. With his long leg hair fluttering somewhat garrishly in the wind, he turned his head slightly and whispered to Zhuo Yi, "Little Zhuozi, come look for me later after the end of the event!"

Everyone was stunned! — He actually wasn't pissed off?!

Everyone knew his identity as the Secretary of the Alliance of Ten Thousand Schools. This was a powerful position and the top seat in the Alliance. Combined with Zhuo Yi's identity as the Deputy Director of the General Administration of 100 Schools, plus his recent achievements and the results of the public poll... plenty of people felt that this seemingly bizarre scene had in fact been set up by the old Secretary as a hint to everyone that he had found a suitable successor!

If so, the current situation was very clear, and the successor was very likely to be... Zhuo Yi!

"...Old Secretary, are you hurt?" The two headmasters had already been scared out of their wits as they had never expected such a mishap to happen toward the end of the exchange meet.

"Hurt? How can I be hurt?"

The old Secretary gave a slight smile. "I didn't expect Little Zhuozi's sword wave to be that powerful! Even my pants were torn to shreds... but it's fine, I'll just change them! It's common for spirit energy to go out of control when using an unfamiliar spirit sword. Fortunately, Little Zhuozi was clever enough to direct his gravitational wave at me. Otherwise, the students would have been in terrible danger!"

So it turned out that all this was Zhuo Yi's response to an emergency...

Realization dawned on everyone!

"Don't worry, I'm not angry. On the contrary, I think you should thank Little Zhuozi sincerely." The old Secretary said, "As far as I know, once he started work, he seldom had the opportunity to even touch a spirit sword. And so initially I had planned for him to just casually perform the Sky-Parting Sword. In the end... you insisted on him performing the Hundred Steps Flying Sword! See, didn't his spirit energy go out of control?"

"..."

"It was a good thing I was here. This sword wave didn't have much of an effect on me, but it would have been a disaster if the students had gotten injured. You should learn from this incident, that there are times when you shouldn't force people to do something beyond their ability, understand?"

"Old Secretary is right! We will definitely take this to heart and reflect on it!"

"It was thanks to Little Zhuozi's timely reaction that we managed to avoid even worse damage."

"..."

Zhuo Yi was dumbfounded as the old Secretary spoke.

Was he... winning without trying again?

"..."

On the side, Wang Ling covered his face when he heard all of this. Who could have imagined that the old Secretary could actually rationalize such a weird incident.

Because Jingke's "one hundred percent hairy legs hanging over shoulders" setting was to automatically pull the man with the hairiest legs at the scene toward it!

Screw what out-of-control spirit energy!

Screw what timely reaction!

...

At last, following the unexpected mishap at the very end, the curtain finally fell on the four-day student exchange meet. There was a saying: no discord, no concord. Tang Jingze thought that these words really matched the scene. Although a number of unhappy things had happened these last few days, generally speaking, it would be an unforgettable memory.

This was something Wang Ling had never experienced before, growing up. He wasn't used to living in a group; even in primary school and junior high, he had found all sorts of excuses to not participate in the spring excursions. But due to a freak combination of factors, he had come to Number 59 High School to participate in this four-day exchange meet. Although there had been plenty of issues, at the very least, Wang Ling was gratified that these hadn't been beyond his ability to handle...

At Number 59 High School's front gate, the people from Number 60 High School were quietly waiting for the return bus.

It was already Friday and after school hours. Given security considerations, the school had mapped out proper routes and arranged for a bus to take all the students home safely.

Wang Ling had always felt this means of transportation to be a pain in the ass, because whether he ran or crawled... he would still be much faster.

Tang Jingze and his posse had pondered for a long time before feeling that they should send them off. Although they had lost the competition, as elegant representatives of a candidate key city high school, they should make an appearance.

At the school gate, as the representative of Number 59 High School, Tang Jingze stretched out his hand to Sun Rong. But he only got halfway when Guo Hao intercepted him. "Unfamiliar men and women shouldn't have intimate contact. You need a ticket to shake hands with Student Sun Rong, thirty thousand a ticket, a fair deal!"

Tang Jingze drew his hand back. "...So expensive?"

"If you're just saying goodbye, it's no different than if you shake hands with me. I'm the political science representative! I came here to represent the aspirations of the people of both schools!" Guo Hao said.

On the side, the corners of several mouths twitched violently — lately this fatty was becoming better and better at bullshitting. Wang Ling had always thought that Guo Hao's strongest trait was his rotten mouth, which was even stronger than his "fondness of gossip."

Tang Jingze initially had just intended to say goodbye, but was suddenly pissed off by Guo Hao's attitude. And so, gripping Guo Hao's hand, he drew in a deep breath and said, "Our school's spirit gathering arrays have already been fixed, you're welcome to come again!"

Guo Hao: "We won!"

Tang Jingze: "Our spirit gathering arrays have been further enhanced this time, five times more powerful than before!"

Guo Hao: "We won!"

Tang Jingze: "Our school is planning to expand the school dormitory! To install elevators!"

Guo Hao: "We won!"

Tang Jingze: "Can you stop just using the results of today's competition... it's not good for the relationship between our two schools!"

Guo Hao: "Your Director Xie has fallen in love with our history teacher!"

Tang Jingze:"..."

Guo Hao: "Your delinquent senior has turned over a new leaf, no doubt because of our Number 60 High School's upright commitment to learning!"

Tang Jingze:"...Why don't we change the topic?"

Guo Hao: "Teacher Zhuo Yi from the General Administration of 100 Schools who was on stage today graduated from our Number 60 High School."

Tang Jingze: "..." Motherfucker!





Chapter 73 Is Little Xuan Here?


The return journey had been arranged by the school in advance. It was a one-stop bus service which covered every student's route home.

Wang Ling's house was the furthest away, so he was the last one to reach home.

The school had paid the bus driver a special overtime fee to ensure that each student reached home safely. Although the journey was a long one, the old driver didn't complain much since he was getting paid for it.

When the driver dropped Wang Ling off at his front gate, he stared at the Wang family's small villa, which stuck out like a nightclub in a deserted village, and he couldn't help sighing for Wang Ling in his heart.

This boy was really too pitiful!

Nowadays, housing prices downtown weren't high, but his family couldn't even afford a house in the downtown school district and actually lived in these desolate outskirts. Wasn't it a lot of effort to go to and from school every day?

The driver did some quick calculations in his heart. Even taking the fastest spirit bus, it would still take two hours to arrive at Number 60 High School, so back and forth would be four hours altogether. It was so much effort for this kid to go to school every day, he definitely wasn't getting enough sleep! No wonder he had such a poker face!

Wang Ling was indeed a little tired... mainly of sitting in the bus. Otherwise, he would have already arrived home long ago!

With a weary heart, he sighed and stretched as he prepared to get off the bus. When he was at the front doors, the driver uncle called out to him. "Student!"

Wang Ling turned around with a blank look. "???"

The middle-aged driver felt around in his pocket and took out his wallet. He then pulled out five one hundred-yuan bills and stuffed them into Wang Ling's hand. "Student, I'm only a workman. But given your circumstances, it's really not easy for you. This uncle doesn't have much money, take it as a little token of my goodwill, you have to take it!"

"..."

Wang Ling stood by the road and watched him drive the bus off into the distance, five hundred yuan clutched in his hand and a convoluted expression on his face.

...

By the time Wang Ling got home, the hallway was pitch dark; there was only a soft light and the faint sounds of the TV coming from the living room. Hearing it, Wang Ling knew that it was Mother Wang's favorite TV show, The Legend of Zhen Huan , which was the sequel to the famous TV drama Princess Pearl . It was the motivational story of a maiden named Zhen Huan, who collected five rings through her own hard work, sweat, wits and bravery to stand out among all the other competitors and finally come out on top at the Cultivation Olympic Games.

Mother Wang had already watched this show before; the late night broadcasts were all replays. The reason she was keeping vigil in the living room was that she wanted to wait until her precious son came home.

But in the end, she had been unable to resist falling asleep.

When it came down to it, Mother Wang was just an ordinary person; although she had some foundation in body refinement, in the end, she was just a brawny, middle-aged woman who couldn't compare with a cultivator.

Mother Wang was on the sofa. The corners of her lips were tilted upward slightly, as if she was having a good dream. She was lying under a small blanket; Father Wang must have seen her, then covered her with it.

Wang Ling looked at the clock — it was coming up to two o'clock in the morning.

He raised his hands, calling forth a spirit light, and Mother Wang was instantly and directly moved to the bed in her room.

After that, Wang Ling silently went up to the second floor. After being away for four days, his heart longed for his small bedroom. The Wang couple's master bedroom was on the third floor, where Wang Ling had already sent Mother Wang. Apart from his bedroom, Father Wang's study was also on the second floor.

At that time, the light in the study was still on, which meant Father Wang was still writing.

Instantly Wang Ling knew, Father Wang probably had writer's block again!

For professional web novelists, inspiration was their lifeblood. Although Father Wang wasn't quite well-educated, web novels were different from traditional literature; one could always improve and progress by reading plenty of novels and accumulating plenty of experiences. After being in this industry for more than ten years, Father Wang's writing style was definitely not too shabby. But at his current level, he was no longer writing tens of thousands of words like before. Nowadays, he struggled every day to come up with even more interesting plots for his stories.

Wang Ling didn't know what it was like to suffer writer's block. But he could roughly guess that it must feel like a juicy beef ball stuck in the rectum of a Matryoshka doll.

Writers looked for inspiration in various ways, and smoking and drinking were the most common methods. But Father Wang's means of inspiration was unique. Every time he suffered writer's block, he would join some live streaming platform and try to connect soulfully with female broadcast hosts in the hopes of deriving inspiration for his writing.

Father Wang's full name was Wang Jiao. To become closer to these female broadcast hosts, apart from typically using a portion of his author's earnings to buy them gifts, he had even created a very playful ID for himself, Wang Jiaomei1 .

1(Basically, Father Wang just added the character for 'little sister' to his name.) Of course, Mother Wang wasn't aware of any of this. If she found out, it was likely Father Wang wouldn't live to see the sun rise at dawn... and to ensure Wang Ling remained quiet on the matter, Father Wang had even unilaterally increased his allowance, which was quite a strategic move.

Maybe it was because of his four hectic days outside, when so many things had happened — now that Wang Ling had this rare moment of peace to himself in the middle of the night, he was in a good mood, and lying restlessly on his bed, he was curious to see what Father Wang was chatting about.

Wang Ling was sure Guo Hao must have infected him, since he had never been such a busybody before.

He sat upright. Looking in the direction of the study, his pupils shone like a kaleidoscope. Very quickly, the wall in front of him became transparent, allowing him to look right through it and focus on Father Wang's computer screen.

Wang Ling glanced at the name of the live stream that Father Wang had entered: "Your Moon, My Heart." Next to the name, in smaller print, was the female broadcast host's ID: Little Xuan.

Wang Ling was surprised to realize that he had heard this name before; she was one of the hottest online female live streamers at the moment, widely loved by the audience for her fresh and pretty face, her sweet voice, and her wise responses to all kinds of questions on love posed to her by lonely people late at night.

Glancing at the ranking list of her fans, Wang Ling saw that Father Wang was ranked in the top ten! Furthermore, he was also a guardian angel! Two hundred thousand fan points in a mouth... which meant that he had spent at least twenty thousand yuan on this female broadcast host this month 2 !

2(In China, for every yuan a fan sends as a virtual gift to a live streamer, they receive ten virtual 'fan points.' A fan can rise to the level of a 'guardian angel' after spending a certain amount.) If Wang Ling sent a screenshot of this ranking list to Mother Wang now... he believed that there wouldn't even be bone ash left of Father Wang.

But, for the sake of family harmony, Wang Ling in the end refrained from doing so.

It was clear that Father Wang was very famous in this live stream. As soon as he went online, the chat room's system automatically displayed his ID in bold, extra large letters on the bulletin board — [Broadcast host Little Xuan's guardian angel: Wang Jiaomei is now online!]

Currently, the live stream room was empty. It looked like the female broadcast host had gone to the restroom...

In the live stream, it was a guardian angel's privilege to speak directly to the female broadcast host.

Glancing around her empty room, Father Wang's eyebrows twitched. He straightaway put on his headset and cleared his throat.

And then... a flirtatious voice Wang Ling had never heard before filled the air.

"Is Little Xuan here? Is Little Xuan here? Yup yup yup yup... it's Jiaomei!"

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 74 Father Wang's Daily Life of Looking for Inspiration


By the time Father Wang finished smoking one cigarette after his alarming, demonic screech, the female broadcast host Little Xuan had finally come rushing back in after receiving the notification. She tidied up her messy fringe before sitting down demurely in front of the computer screen, her eyes twinkling at the camera as she waved with a pleasantly surprised expression on her face. "Hi! So Jiaomei has come! Welcome, welcome!"

From Wang Ling's point of view, Little Xuan's looks were nothing spectacular and not as outstanding as online otakus had made them out to be. She had the standard hallmarks of an online celebrity, with straight eyebrows and an oval face. However, comparing facial features alone, Wang Ling felt that even without makeup, Sun Rong was still more attractive. He had to admit, though, that compared with those tedious look-alike female broadcasters online, Little Xuan was nonetheless a pleasant-looking girl with just the right type of voice, sweet and not shrill. In addition, she was wearing a lacy maid's outfit, and black silk stockings on her slender legs...

Hmm, perhaps this was the reason why the audience loved Little Xuan.

As Wang Ling pondered this with his chin in his hands, on the other side, Father Wang had stubbed out his cigarette butt and was looking at Little Xuan plaintively. She clearly understood what this expression meant. "It seems our Jiaomei has run out of inspiration again?"

"The old book is about to be finished, but I have no inspiration for a new one. In a word, I'm anxious!"

Father Wang rubbed the skin between his knitted eyebrows. "There has to be a seamless transition between the completion of the old book and the publication of the new one. Otherwise our whole family will have to tighten our belts..." (And there's a possibility we won't be able to afford even tableware. The amount we spend on tableware for our family oddity each month is not a small one!)

As Father Wang bewailed his poverty, other fans of Little Xuan in the live stream started to kick up a fuss.

"Jiaomei, you're a guru! If you're poor, us white collar small fry who go to work everyday won't need to live anymore!"

"By the way, I'm new here. Is there anyone who can tell me what Master Jiaomei's pen name is? What books has he written?"

"The hell? You don't know Jiaomei?! Jiaomei's pen name is Wang Situ!"

"Holy shit! He's actually Guru Wang Situ!"

...

Just like that, chaos broke out in the live stream!

Because this pen name Wang Situ was too renowned!

When he had been a newbie in the world of web novels back then, Father Wang had finished writing three hundred thousand words in less than two months and had completely floored audiences with his debut novel Let Go of that Wet Nurse . Chapter subscriptions for the novel soared to over two hundred thousand users, setting a new online record for most subscriptions ever and even trouncing top veterans who had been writing web novels for a long time.

It could be said that at the time, Wang Situ had made an explosive entrance; he was a dark horse who had burst out from under Five-finger Mountain 1 and caught many veteran writers off guard. Previously, a top-ranked writer named Zhu Ge, who had been serializing his books on the Cultivation Reading Network for nearly twenty years, had been so pissed off by Wang Situ's debut that he had quit.

1(This is an allusion to the novel 'Journey to the West,' when the monk Tripitaka frees Sun Wukong from his imprisonment under Wuzhi, or Five-finger Mountain.) Although Father Wang seldom talked about his writing at home, Wang Ling had nonetheless heard the mighty online legends about him. Over the years, he had made a name for himself and was now very well-known. Nevertheless, the name Wang Situ was still a mysterious existence even to the editors on the Cultivation Reading Network.

Father Wang had been selected as the top writer at the annual novel awards many times and the website sent him an invitation to the event every year, but he had never attended a single one. He turned down all notices of online and offline activities and dedicated himself solely to literary creation.

After Wang Jiaomei's identity was revealed, there was an endless bombardment of bullet messages 2 in Little Xuan's live stream. Audience numbers even soared from an initial three hundred thousand to five hundred thousand. Looking at this, one could see how popular Father Wang was online...

2(Bullet messages are when users watching a video stream can make live comments, which fly across the screen over the video. The original Chinese word 弹幕 actually translates into "bullet screen.") "Who would have thought Master Jiaomei was Guru Wang Situ! ...By the way, is the book Let Go of that Wet Nurse finished yet?"

"Not yet! But it will be soon — the problem now is that our Guru Wang Situ is worrying over a new book..."

"It's finally going to be finished!" Someone sent a crying emoji. "I remember when I started following this book by Guru Wang Situ; I was still in Qi Condensation primary school back then. Now I'm going to graduate from university soon!"

Seeing this bullet message, Father Wang sent a sweat emoji. "..."

"It's been serialized for thirteen years already, shouldn't this book be ranked number one with the most number of words in a novel?"

"Not yet, there's still an ongoing book called A Reborn Demon's Life . I heard that there was a cultivation master following this book who went into seclusion for one hundred years, and after he came out, he found that this book was still ongoing. It startled him so much it triggered an early ascension in his cultivation realm, and he almost died from the divine tribulation which followed!"

"...Guru Wang Situ, please don't finish yet! Try to beat this book's number of words for the number one spot!"

Seeing this bullet message, Father Wang couldn't help laughing. Even if he continued this book, there was no way the number of words could surpass those in that Demon's Life book. After all, that book had started serialization when the website was first set up.

Let Go of that Wet Nurse told the story of a protagonist who had been reincarnated into the body of a weak prince and how he grew by relying on wet nurses. Later on, thanks to Wet Nurse Rong's steel acupuncture needle, the protagonist was able to open up his Governing Vein. Using a god-given palm technique, he defeated the top killer in the country, King of Killers Demon Huoyun, and became a world-class master...

Back then, inspiration for this story had struck Father Wang when he had been leisurely reading the newspaper on the toilet bowl. Who would have thought that after turning it into a serialized novel, it would unexpectedly enjoy wide popularity among readers.

But after years of serialization, Father Wang felt that he had already included everything he wanted to say in this story. There was no integrity in continuing to write it just for the sake of doing so. Since this was a novel, he should give the characters he created a satisfying end.

This thought did still make him a little sad, however. After all, it was a book he had been writing for more than ten years, and also his debut work. It was inevitable that suddenly finishing it to start a new one would make him feel a little empty and lonely.

That was why Father Wang had sought out Little Xuan. He felt that this kind of youthful and lively maiden would be able to soothe the regret in his heart. At the same time, girls tended to have vivid imaginations, so he thought that Little Xuan might be able to give him some tips for inspiration.

It had been less than half an hour after Father Wang had gone online. Little Xuan looked at the number of people in the live stream. After Father Wang's identity had been revealed... the number had already surged to six hundred thousand.

Father Wang alone had helped her attract three hundred thousand new spectators...

For a broadcaster, this was far more precious than any gift she might receive!

And so, Little Xuan straightaway changed the subject of the live stream to "Let's help Guru Wang Situ come up with new themes!"

After making this change, this maiden sank into deep thought, clearing racking her brain on the computer screen.

Whenever Little Xuan answered a question on love, she did so with unruffled calm. Thus, the audience had never seen her troubled like this before. The bullet messages flew around the live stream once again...

"Little Xuan is vexed! But still so beautiful!"

"New meme of Little Xuan, GET!"

Looking at this noisy and excited barrage of bullet messages, Father Wang absent-mindedly pulled out a cigarette. There were now six hundred thousand people helping him to think up themes. Even if he wasn't going to use them, at the very least he should be able to get some good ideas.

Pa ! The moment Father Wang flicked his lighter on, Little Xuan's face suddenly brightened on the computer screen. "I don't know how to write a novel... but I think maybe you can try this theme... Jiaomei, how about live streaming?"

Live streaming?

Father Wang immediately patted his head. That was right, he could make it about live streaming! Why hadn't he thought of that himself!





Chapter 75 The Weekend Is Naturally For Studying!


Online live streaming had become a hot topic recently. There were experts who criticized online broadcasters, whether to their faces or behind their backs, for using their looks or scanty attire to make money off fans, while they themselves hated that they couldn't just stand in front of a screen to give an academic lecture and make hundreds of thousands each month easily.

But not just anyone could make a living through live streaming. This was the age of beauty. For example, there were countless cases nowadays of blind dates falling flat when the reality of a person's looks didn't match expectations. If someone wanted to make a name for themselves on an online platform, they needed to have the type of face that was popular online, or at the very least, a pleasant-looking one.

But who knew, maybe someone with a blood-red figure, butterfly-blue hair, and the face of Third Young Master Tang, singing "Ah~~ five~~ rings" might be able to make it big 1 .

1(Basically, the author is giving an example of someone bizarre enough who might be able to break into the live stream market. Third Young Master Tang is the pseudonym of a very famous web novelist, and "five rings" is from the popular 'Song of the Fifth Ring,' a song by Chinese rapper MC Hotdog.) At least, it would be a more festive sight.

Little Xuan had greatly inspired Father Wang; live streaming could be considered a universal subject, something which was very immersive and fun. But the thing he now had to consider was how to develop this theme and make it even more interesting.

After hearing Little Xuan's suggestion, Father Wang hurriedly expressed his thanks to everyone in the live stream, then logged off right away.

Seeing Wang Jiaomei's profile icon turn gray, the people online all immediately knew... this almighty big shot in the world of web novels was about to make his move!

This time... what kind of carnage was he going to wreck?

Father Wang was quite an efficient person, which was reflected in everything he did. For example, in the time it took to boil water, he could easily finish three things at once while he was on the toilet bowl: eating, reading the newspaper, and squabbling with trolls in the online book review section by switching between the hundreds of alternate IDs which he owned.

The title: The Live Streaming Life of the Immortal King

A brief introduction: This is a story about the daily life of a cultivation master who is unable to suppress the prehistoric powers inside his body, and who sells 2 meng online by live streaming his daily immortal cultivation life on earth.

2(Adapted from the original Japanese word moe 萌え,the word 萌 or meng in pinyin can simply mean "cute," but at a deeper level, also refers to feeling fondness, devotion or excitement for someone.) "..."

Wang Ling had been looking at Father Wang's computer screen the whole time and felt an underlying sense of foreboding.

Given Father Wang's current skill level in writing, it was very quick and easy for him to write an opening chapter. After checking for spelling mistakes several times from top to bottom, Father Wang then clicked his mouse and directly sent the file to his chief editor.

Father Wang's chief editor was called Song Zikai and his editor code name was Lie Shou. People in the industry had given this big editor the nickname "'Lie Mengmeng." When he had paid a visit to the house before, Wang Ling had used his supernatural Eye Ability to check out this person's name card. This was the only editor whom Father Wang had met in real life since entering the web novel industry more than ten years ago. He was a very frail youth who looked like a shou 3 ; he seemed like he would tip over in a breeze, and his very neat fringe gave people the sense that he was very pure.

3(As a reminder, shou is used to describe the person who is the bottom in a BL relationship.) With the computer on, Father Wang made a cup of tea and waited in silence for a while. Very soon, he heard a ping! - Chief Editor Song had replied!

This gold star editor was also an excellent publicist. The average time he took to check a manuscript was just thirty seconds, which was an especially mystical feat to Wang Ling.

From Wang Ling's quick glance at the email reply, the theme was very attractive and Father Wang's writing was fine. But given the stunning performance of Father Wang's first book, along with his current online prestige, Lie Mengmeng decided he should write a few more chapters. After they added up to more than twenty thousand words, only then would he upload it onto the website to test the waters.

Wang Ling had heard about this website before — it was a separate VIP novel website specially set up by the Cultivation Reading Network for readers who were their highest-ranked users and had been registered with them for more than one hundred years. On this separate website, they could read the drafts of new works by top-ranked writers beforehand and leave them messages to tell them their thoughts or offer suggestions.

Gazing at the email reply, Father Wang was silent for a while, but finally he nodded in acceptance. After all, Wang Situ this pen name was a godhead that had taken him years to build and perfect. Given that he didn't know how marketable his second book could be, Father Wang really didn't dare release it casually — if it didn't pass the test, his godship would collapse! As for himself... wouldn't he become a complete joke in the industry?!

Wang Ling was speechless at this. "..." This one pen name had been able to attract three hundred thousand people to a live streaming platform that had absolutely nothing to do with web novels — how could online nobodies compare with that and fucking survive?!

...

In the morning, Mother Wang had finished preparing breakfast, which was made up of fried bread sticks, soybean milk and her specialty, rejuvenation noodles. Mother Wang untied her apron strings and shouted up the stairs. "The two of you, come down and eat!"

Wang Ling gazed at the table full of dishes and was almost moved to tears... after the torture that had been Mother Juan's black cuisine during those few days at Number 59 High School, it was perhaps only Mother Wang's personally cooked dishes that could fix his wounded heart.

As they ate, Father Wang pushed his black-rimmed glasses up and stared closely at Wang Ling for a bit before he sighed. "Tch, you seem to have grown fatter these last four days."

Wang Ling touched his face and felt that his cheeks had indeed seemed to have gotten meatier... this was probably because he had eaten Mother Juan's cooking and it was now fermenting in his stomach.

It didn't matter though, as losing weight had never been difficult for him...

Wang Ling rubbed his cheeks vigorously with both hands, and like plasticine, the fat on his face was instantly smoothed out.

"..." Even this could fucking work?!

This was the first time that Father and Mother Wang had witnessed this ability of his.

Father Wang ate a mouthful of rejuvenation noodles. "These last four days, how was it, living in a large group?"

Wang Ling was taken aback, but in the end shook his head.

"I heard that when Ming Ming brought you the talisman seal, a lot of things happened?"

Wang Ling nodded.

Father Wang sighed. "Actually, I think you're just too nervous. Maybe if you act more naturally, nothing will happen. You should spend more time with your peers, understand?"

Wang Ling continued nodding.

"Enough! Why bring this up when we're eating!"

Mother Wang interrupted Father Wang. "But Ling Ling, don't forget to do a bit of homework revision these two days. Although you shouldn't do too well, you shouldn't be at the bottom of the class, at least. Just study whatever is necessary. I've already asked about the classes you missed, and I especially made the trip to school to pick up the review materials. It should be enough for you to take a few minutes later to have a quick look at them."

"Okay." Concise and comprehensive, this was the first word Wang Ling had spoken after coming home.

In truth, he didn't need to review courses like Dao talismans and magical skills at all. But for courses like history and political science, he still had to spend some time memorizing the materials. Even for top students in the elite class like Lin Xiaoyu and Sun Rong, catching up on one week's worth of classes and digesting the knowledge would still take them a whole day.

In contrast, it was a lot more convenient for Wang Ling, who could use his speed reading and memorization skills... mother never has to worry about my studies 4 !

4(This tagline is from a Chinese TV ad for an electronic device produced under BBK Electronics which helps teach children how to read.) But Wang Ling didn't want to be disturbed by anyone after he started his wonderful weekend of study, especially when he was using his quick memorization skill. If someone disturbed him at that time, it was highly possible it would result in him remembering things wrongly.

And so, to prevent this from happening, Wang Ling opened up his stationery pouch...

The monster pen and goblin eraser that he had created with magic previously could help him maintain order.





Chapter 76 Learning Makes Me Happy


Wang Ling sat at his desk, which had a lot of workbooks on it. Although he had participated in the four-day spirit sword exchange meet as a school representative, Teacher Pan's homework principle hadn't changed — what should be handed in had to be handed in, and you had to make up the homework, however much you missed.

The spiritual intelligence of the two pen and eraser gremlins was linked to Wang Ling; he could order them to do his homework for him, with the condition that he had already mastered the required knowledge for the assignments. Since he had missed a full four days of classes, what he had to do now was to catch up on the content from this period. It would be fine to give the task of writing to the pen and eraser gremlins later.

It took him two minutes to compile a study list for a clearer picture of this week's content. He realized that there was actually a lot of knowledge he had missed out on, especially in cultivation physics and cultivation advanced maths. The teachers for these two classes had actually assigned five worksheets each to be completed in one weekend!

One word to describe it: infuriating!

Yet another word to describe it: insane!

...This was probably the first reaction and the attitude of most students at seeing this large pile of assignments.

In contrast, Wang Ling was someone who really loved to study. From a young age, he had taught himself cultivation spells, including the Three Thousand Great Spells. Just like how a baby is born with five senses and hair, from the moment of his birth, these spells had already existed deep in his mind... but he learned language and culture through his own efforts. Moreover, he also really enjoyed the learning process.

Only studying could make him happy!

At his desk, Wang Ling opened a textbook, put in his earplugs, and then went into self-teaching mode. Before, he hadn't been able to stop hearing people complain in his ears; the reason these earplugs were able to cut off the endless telepathic voices from his Mind-Reading Ability was very simple — they had been made from the same materials used to produce the Dao talisman seal; furthermore, they had been personally created by Wang Ming himself.

...

It was a peaceful and quiet weekend, and Wang Ling's eyelid warning alarm hadn't issued any sort of advance alert.

Around noon, a grey commercial Chuanjianguo 1 limousine came to a stop not far from the Wang family's small villa.

1(Chinese netizens joke that Trump (Chinese pinyin: 'chuangpu') is 'Chuangjianguo,' which translates to "nation-building Trump.") "Miss, we have arrived, it's here."

In the limousine, a well-dressed old butler turned his head and spoke to a young girl.

The girl sitting with her slender legs crossed looked to be only about twelve years old, and was not very tall. She was wearing a pair of capri jeans, a loose, branded hip-hop shirt, and an Arale cap with the two little eye-catching wings sticking out on each side 2 .

2(Arale is the main character in the Japanese cartoon series Dr Slump, who wears a trademark cap with her name on it; occasionally it has two little white wings sticking out on each side.) This was a little Lolita with a delicate face and the appearance of a child star; luckily, there weren't many people around the Wang family's small villa, otherwise this girl would definitely have been recognized.

Of course, she did enjoy the glorious feeling of being recognized at a glance, but now that she had arrived at a place that had very few passerbys, she already had no expectations whatsoever of anyone here recognizing her. With a little sigh, she peeked out the window at the Wang family's small villa not far away. "The guy elder sister has taken a fancy to is in that villa?"

"Yes, we've already thoroughly investigated this matter, Miss..."

"Eh?! Are you sure you didn't make a mistake? How can my future brother-in-law be a pauper living in such a remote suburb?"

"There's absolutely no mistake, Miss. This is the address I was given when I inquired with Eldest Miss' chauffeur, Lu Zhao," the old butler replied precisely. "But I must remind Miss that it is too early to call him brother-in-law. Although free love is advocated nowadays, the matter of Eldest Miss' marriage is very complicated. When she was born..."

"Okay, okay, you don't have to tell me these things. You're so annoying..." The girl rolled her eyes. "It's about the Yin and Yang Death Calamity, right? I already know all about it! I also know that back then, that fortune-telling sham already told all of you how to break it."

The old butler broke out in a cold sweat. "Miss, be careful with your words, that is an Exalted Immortal from Mo Immortal Castle..."

The girl shrugged helplessly. "It's the Scientific Cultivation era now! Where do all of you get so many feudal superstitions from?! I really don't think that old sham's solution is reliable... what 'When Yin and Yang fall into chaos, our Mo blood will paint the sky'... doesn't that simply sound like crazy nonsense?"

The old butler shook his head with a bitter smile. "Better to believe the worst and be pleasantly surprised, than to be optimistic and face the worst! Besides, these are the words of the Exalted Immortal from Mo Immortal Castle... Eldest Miss has to find the person powerful enough to paint the sky red with Mo blood in order to break the death curse."

The girl couldn't be bothered to continue debating with the intractable old butler. Instead, she straightened her clothes and got ready to get out of the car. She gave the butler a look. "Has the gift been prepared?"

Since they would be meeting for the first time, a gift was a must so that Huaguo Water Curtain Group's reputation wouldn't be tarnished. This was what the family had taught Sun Yu since she was a kid.

The old butler handed Sun Yu a cosmic storage bag. "Miss, in the storage bag there are two longevity peaches which can extend life and cure constipation; two youth-retaining, moisturizing elixirs to nourish the skin and cure constipation; two Xuanhuang detoxification pills to clear the intestines and cure constipation; two Eight Immortals health pills to nourish the stomach and cure constipation. Also, there are..."

"...Enough!"

Sun Yu didn't wait for the chatterbox butler to finish speaking before she grabbed the storage bag with some annoyance and hurried out of the car.

...

The young girl stood at the front door of the Wang family's little villa, completely unaware that a serious man was currently immersed in studying on the second floor.

Dithering in front of the door for a moment, Sun Yu racked her brain for opening remarks. It was a weekend... the person who opened the door might not be that guy classmate her elder sister was interested in; there was a high chance it could be one of his parents.

Also, once the door was open, should she introduce herself with her real name or her stage name?

Her stage name was Xuetao, which she thought was relatively well-known. But there was no guarantee that her reputation had reached such a rural place... it would be very embarrassing if she used her stage name and they didn't know it.

Just as she had mustered up her courage and was about to knock on the door, a couple of silhouettes suddenly flashed in front of her eyes and two strong men ten feet tall unexpectedly jumped down from the roof beam of the house...

"Bloody hell! Who are you?" Sun Yu was stunned.

"Miss, we are very sorry."

One of the strong men looked at the girl and said seriously, "...No one can disturb my Lord when he is concentrating on his studies!"





Chapter 77 Do You Know the Reason Why You Lost?


Sun Yu's eyes were fixed on the two muscular men in front of her.

Although she hadn't been able to reach the Foundation Establishment stage, she had at least learned to use her spiritual senses. Surprisingly, she hadn't sensed the auras of these two strong men at all when she had been pacing back and forth at the door of the Wang family's small villa... this was enough to show that these two men were far stronger than she was...

Furthermore, facing two big bald heads would make anyone feel strongly oppressed. Yet from their faces, these two bald, strong men seemed very straightforward and honest.

Sun Yu didn't bother to ask these two people whether they recognized her, because she felt they were absolutely not ordinary men. One was dressed like Iron Man, the other in a red vest with a straw hat on his head 1 ...

1(This character is Luffy, from the Japanese manga and anime series 'One Piece,' who ate a Devil's Fruit that gave him the properties of rubber, i.e. he can stretch out his entire body like plasticine, and is immune to most electric-based attacks.) If they were her fans, they wouldn't have such strange tastes!

"Elder brothers, I just came to deliver something, I'll leave right after."

"What is it? Constipation pills?" Like security inspectors, the two bald strong men stared closely at the storage bag in Sun Yu's hand.

The man dressed as Iron Man said, "Because of people who wanted quicker chapter updates, we've gotten razor blades in the mail before, missile deliveries, and once, an APTX4869 capsule 1, which almost led to disaster ... so this young lady, please cooperate with us. You can't enter. If you have delivered something here, let us examine it first before we decide whether to let it through."

2(APTX4869 is the name of a fictional poison in the Japanese manga and anime series 'Detective Conan.') ...What the hell was all this about?! Why the fuck were people sending missiles?! What was in this villa that could draw so much hate?!

Sun Yu pointed helplessly at the storage bag. "Do you know Huaguo Water Curtain Group? This storage bag contains tonics which were all produced by our group. Youth-retaining and moisturizing elixirs, Xuanhuang detoxification pills, Eight Immortals health pills..."

Hearing this, the two big men went wide-eyed. "Oh! You really did send over constipation pills!"

...Fuck!

Sun Yu took a deep breath. "How do I get in?"

"Not until our Lord has finished studying."

She gnashed her little canines. "Then what if I force my way in?!"

"Then we'll do everything in our power to stop you from breaking into the house without hurting you..."

"Miss, why don't we come back another day?"

From behind, the old butler had seen Sun Yu stopped by the two muscular men and had promptly come to her rescue.

But in the end, Sun Yu was Sun Yu, spoiled since birth and also an idol... two mere servants trying to shut me out? How dare you!

"Tch, what's there to be afraid of, I have you, don't I?!"

Her mouth twisted with extreme disdain.

The old butler broke out in a sweat. He also had a cultivation realm and furthermore was a master at the Golden Core stage. But he was so awed by the auras of these two men that it made him weak in the knees... intuition told the old butler that on no account should they stir up trouble with them... one glance was enough for him to know that these two were not ordinary people; their auras were very unusual and didn't seem human.

"Let's see how you'll be able to stop me!"

The cute girl in the Arale cap tried raising her voice to make herself appear more powerful and intimidating. But in that childish tone, her yell was just funny. The pen and the eraser who had turned into these two bald men smiled as they completely dismissed the practically non-existent fluctuations in her aura.

"You dare look down on me?"

Furious, the girl straightaway took out a small blue pill from the small satchel at her waist and popped it into her mouth.

On the side, the old butler was shocked. "Miss! Don't!"

But just as he said it, the girl had already swallowed the pill.

This was the zoomorphic pill, which had been refined with the gene extract of a spirit beast. A person who swallowed it would enter beast mode for a period of time; all aspects and functions of the body would be greatly improved while they retained their intelligence. But it often also had a certain side effect: the pill boosted stamina by draining it in advance from the body, so after the effects faded, a person would fall into a weakened state for the next ten days or so.

The old butler sighed slightly, knowing that Sun Yu was really angry.

The zoomorphic pill which she had swallowed contained the gene extract of the six-winged thunder leopard and it started working as soon as she swallowed it. Faint leopard markings swiftly appeared on the young girl's white, perfect skin, and even her ears changed into round leopard ears. Her strength was almost immediately boosted to the Foundation Establishment stage. The six-winged thunder leopard's most lethal weapon was its thunder and lightning attribute; additionally, one swipe of the transformed girl's claws would cause paralytic pain, even for a Golden Core cultivator!

"Hmph!"

With a snort, the girl who had completely transformed into beast mode stretched out her fingers, and her neatly trimmed, rounded fingernails suddenly turned into sharp leopard claws; with one step, she easily leapt onto the outer wall of the Wang family's small villa.

"It appears that the pill had the gene extract of the six-winged thunder leopard, strengthening the four limbs and greatly improving agility and speed. The thunder leopard's thunder and lightning attribute is also very troublesome..."

However...

After consulting together, the two muscular men instantly blurred like afterimages that directly disappeared.

"Damn it!"

Before the girl could react, the two strong men had already appeared above her head. The one wearing a straw hat grabbed tightly onto her four limbs. Sun Yu was dumbfounded when she realized that the six-winged thunder leopard's thunder and lightning power had no effect on this man at all!

As a result, before she reached the windowsill on the second floor, she was hauled down by two strong men together from the wall...

"Just give up..."

The bald man dressed like Iron Man said to the girl, "From my observation, the maximum velocity of your once-off vertical leap was only V1 = 16m/s, so I just needed to jump at a velocity of V2 = 18m/s for greater height and take action against you at a falling velocity of V3 = 8.25m/s. But because my Lord advocates peace, we didn't go all out this time, and only used stop measures. As we said before, we won't hurt you and we're asking you to stop trying to force your way in. When you leave, remember to read and study more... lack of knowledge is probably the reason why you lost.

"Oh, by the way, young lady, just to let you know, this brother eraser with the straw hat next to me is a rubber man, so he's insulated from the thunder and lightning power of your beast form. Young girl, we ask that you please leave. The quicker you change back from your beast form, the better; the longer you stay in this form, the longer your recovery period will be later on."

The rubber man next to him nodded. "As for those constipation pills, if the young lady wants to leave them here, we will definitely let our Lord know, and we thank you for your kindness."

Sun Yu: "..."

Old butler: "..."





Chapter 78 Super High School Level Deputy Director


At last, Sun Yu was forcibly dragged away by the old butler.

The butlers of Huaguo Water Curtain Group were not people to be trifled with, and this was true of Old Butler Lin, Lin San. He had watched these two young ladies grow up. Back then, Huaguo Water Curtain Group hadn't yet had the world-renowned success which it enjoyed in the cultivation world today.

Lin San was already an old man in the group and had seen so much of the world; it was because of his years of experience that this old butler could still remain with Huaguo Water Curtain Group despite the fact that he wasn't very strong.

"Uncle Lin! Let me go! Let me fight it out with these two brothers!"

This was the last thing the girl said as Lin San dragged her away before she could let loose her lethal "Maiden's Adorable Fist" 1 skill.

1("Maiden's Adorable Fist" comes from a Chinese comedy sketch performed by an actor named Wensong, whose shifu is popular skit and sitcom actor Zhao Benshan.) He sighed in his heart. His Second Miss was still too young and naïve.

Based on his years of experience, Old Butler Lin felt that there was definitely some terrible person living in this small villa in the outskirts.

By the roadside, two baldies in aprons respectfully saw Lin San off in the grey commercial Chuanjianguo limousine and watched until it disappeared at the end of the road.

"Did we go overboard? The Lord likes to keep a low profile. If they investigate him..."

Before he finished speaking, the rubber man was interrupted. "Did you forget our Lord's Great Shielding Spell?"

"That's right!" The rubber man suddenly remembered this fact.

"It has nothing to do with us now... our Lord has more or less finished reviewing the materials. Now we can go help him with his homework."

...

It took Wang Ling a full half an hour to learn all the content for this week which he had missed out on. At the same time, he also looked at the next two months' worth of study material. He enjoyed the learning process very much, but he hated that it took him so little time to study; it wasn't difficult for him to master these knowledge points at all.

However, while he could master all the relevant knowledge, he also needed to learn how to read the atmosphere in class, find the position that suited him the most and then try his best to attain average grades. Implementing the "be mediocre" education policy which Father and Mother Wang had instilled in him since he was young... this was the hardest thing to do!

At his desk, he held his head in his hands and heaved a long sigh of relief. It was fine to leave the written work to the two gremlins, the monster pen and goblin eraser.

While Wang Ling had been reviewing his homework, Father Wang hadn't been idle. After a phone call with Lie Mengmeng, he quickly continued writing his novel.

He was a very swift and decisive person, especially when he was in the throes of inspiration; the rhythm of his fingers on the keyboard was so fast that they flew, like a live tentacle monster.

Just as he was brimming with inspiration and writing freely to his heart's content, his wristwatch suddenly rang.

He frowned slightly — he really hated the feeling of being interrupted. But when he gave the caller ID on the wristwatch a look and realized that it was Lie Mengmeng, his mood changed and he picked up the call.

"Hey Near Expert 2 , is there something wrong, I'm writing at the moment." Other authors liked to call Lie Shou "Lie Mengmeng," but Father Wang had a special nickname for him and preferred to call him "Near Expert."

2(The people in northeastern China call people who are good at something 'da shou zi' or 'da shou.') When Wang Ling lay back on his bed and took out his earplugs, the sounds nearby poured steadily back into his ears. Even before he opened his eyes, he happened to hear the conversation between Father Wang and Lie Mengmeng as the voices of the two men flowed into his mind.

"Brother Situ... your book is going to knock them dead!!" On the other end of the line came Lie Mengmeng's loud, excited voice.

Father Wang was certainly happy when he heard the news, but given his character, he would never be too obvious about it. "What use are lots of clicks, the way of the king is good sales."

"Brother Situ, don't be so modest... tell me the truth, are you from the future?!" This question that Lie Mengmeng asked was very mysterious.

Father Wang was stunned when he heard it. "Huh?!"

"First, it was Let Go of that Wet Nurse , now your book The Live Streaming Life of the Immortal King will probably also be a big hit and may once again break website records! I've read a few books before about plagiarists from the future coming back to the past! Don't tell me you're one of them?!" Lie Mengmeng said in astonishment.

"Near Expert, if you make this kind of joke again... I'll quit writing!"

"Don't, don't! I was just kidding!"

Zhu Ge had already left; if Wang Situ was driven away, the website wouldn't be able to afford the loss.

On the other end of the phone call, Lie Mengmeng smiled secretively. "There's another piece of good news for you."

"That's strange... our website investigated this ID and discovered that this VIP reader account actually had been inactive for a very long time. But at two or three o'clock this morning, someone suddenly logged into this account and changed the ID. We suspect that this account wasn't passed down in the family, but was bought through other channels."

Father Wang frowned. Two or three o'clock in the morning? He remembered that at the time, he had been in Little Xuan's live stream gathering audience intelligence in order to come up with a theme for his new novel.

Then... could this person have been some audience member from the live stream?

Fuck! These days, even a web novelist had sasaeng fans 3 ?!

3(A "sasaeng" or "sasaeng fan" in South Korea refers to an overly obsessed fan, usually of a celebrity figure, who engages in stalking or other behavior that constitutes an invasion of privacy.) On the other side, Lie Mengmeng calmed down and said, "Brother Situ, do you know how much this reader gave you today? It's a whole hundred million cultivation reading coins!"

"So much..." While writing the latter part of Let Go of that Wet Nurse all this time, Father Wang had never encountered such an extravagant reader before. A hundred million cultivation reading coins was a million HNY 4 . After splitting it with the website, he would be able to keep five hundred thousand HNY!

4(The author has introduced the currency of Huaxiu nation here as "Hua nation yuan," so we will be adopting it as HNY whenever it's mentioned from now on ..) Hearing that someone had gifted him with so much money, Father Wang sighed with deep feeling in his heart. "What's the reader ID?"

"It's... Super High School Level Deputy Director," Lie Mengmeng replied.

Hearing this, Father Wang's face suddenly darkened and his intense gaze shot toward Wang Ling's room. "Hm... I think I've figured something out, I'll call you back later."

Saying this, Father Wang ended the call on his wristwatch. "Wang Ling! Come here!"

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 79 Zhuo Yi's Family Heirlooms


In the staff apartment, Zhuo Yi stared at the open box on the table somewhat dazedly.

At this very moment, he thought he could fully understand the sentiments of those who gave bribes, since he was now feeling the same thing.

The box on the desk was made of kun wood, which was highly impervious to dust, water and shock. The Zhuo family heirlooms, a few hundred years older than Zhuo Yi and passed down from generation to generation, had now come into his hands.

The family heirlooms comprised five objects: a Jinghua city land deed, a bank card with a huge amount of money on it, a USB drive, a hard drive and a phone card.

The Jinghua city land deed was for the Zhuo family ancestral land and in accordance with family regulations, the land title could not be sold no matter what. Legally, this was Zhuo Yi's property, but given the government's anti-corruption campaign these two years and in order to avoid unnecessary misunderstandings as well as potential conspiracies to frame him, he had not gone back there during that time and had behaved himself and lived in the staff apartment. He hadn't even dared write down his name as the owner of the black supercar which his family had handed down to him.

The Zhuo family ancestors were pretty mysterious; they had started out as fairly mediocre people, but had suddenly become rich when they had hit a particular generation.

Zhuo Yi discovered that there were no longer any historical records to be found among their ancestral documents that were related to the Zhuo family's sudden wealth.

He had only heard that one particular day, some great-great-great-great-great grandfather had dreamt that he was on Mars, and had seen nine dragons pulling a coffin behind them 1 . The man had dazedly remembered a string of numbers that were on the coffin, and when he had woken up, he had gone to buy a lottery ticket. In the end, he had struck an unprecedented mother lode. However, after generations of squandering, what remained to Zhuo Yi now wasn't much, though it was still enough for him to enjoy his ordinary life.

1(This image is taken from a classical xianxia novel called 'Covering the Sky,' in which nine huge dragons hauled an ancient bronze coffin through the cold, dark depths of the universe.) Honestly speaking, the first two of the heirlooms made complete sense to him. It was the next two items that had kept him in a state of shock for three days and three nights after he had received them.

First, the suspicious USB drive.

When Zhuo Yi had opened the USB drive, he had found only one TXT file inside. The document listed thousands of permanent VIP accounts and passwords, including a VIP old reader account for the Cultivation Reading Network.

In this dazzling line-up of accounts, the most valuable were five QQ numbers that had been passed down from the Zhuo family ancestors.

As for the hard drive... it had a one yottabyte capacity and the laser label "Foreign language learning" 2 on it. In the hard drive, there were... data files... of various customs and practices from different times and places from all over the world.

2(In the popular Chinese TV series 'In the Name of the People,' which was based on a web novel, "foreign language learning" was used as an euphemism for having sex.) The phone card was the last heirloom and the one thing that Zhuo Yi felt to be the most useful.

On the other end of the phone card was the guardian of the treasure box, a man whom had been given the assignment by the Great Ancestor of the Zhuo family. Apart from looking after the family's teachings, he was also duty-bound to help each successor to the treasure box if they asked for his assistance in resolving a crisis, provided it was within the scope of his capabilities, and he was only obliged to do so three times.

The guardian had no name. Previous successors had liked to call him Ambassador Protector, but after hearing it so often it felt like they were calling him "Big Shit," 3 which was very embarrassing. Hence, Old Father Zhuo gave the guardian an inventive nickname during his generation — Magic Little Black! After that, Zhuo Yi also simply called him Uncle Black.

3(In Chinese pinyin, Ambassador(大使)and"Big Shit"(大屎)share the homophone 'da shi.') Previously, he had mobilized Uncle Black's strength to investigate Wang Ling's true identity when the latter had just been a shota six years ago.

This time, he had mobilized Uncle Black once again to investigate Wang Ling's family background so that he could apologize to the boy. After learning that Father Wang was actually online guru Wang Situ, it was as if Zhuo Yi had discovered a new continent, and he marveled that he had found an indirect way to curry favor with Wang Ling!

He felt that he had completely disgraced his little shifu in yesterday's spirit sword performance. Moreover, he was well aware that Wang Ling would definitely reject any blatant bribes; after all, this youth with mystical strength had done whatever he could to evade him all these years. Therefore, after extensive consideration, Zhuo Yi had felt that getting Uncle Black to use the VIP old reader account to directly give Father Wang a gift would probably be the most roundabout and tactful way... this one hundred million cultivation reading coins was thus just an apology fee.

Given Lord Master's prowess, how could a mere one hundred million cultivation reading coins be enough for becoming Zhuo Yi's teacher!

Also, since it was Uncle Black who had made the transaction, Zhuo Yi didn't need to worry at all about the government's anti-corruption inspection group investigating him — after all, a million yuan was not a small sum.

Staring at the treasure box in front of him, he smiled from ear to ear as he thought himself really too fucking clever!

His wristwatch phone rang as he was indulging in his flight of fancy and he immediately knew that it had to be Uncle Black.

As per convention, this was the confirmation call after the request had been fulfilled. If the mission objective hadn't been satisfactorily achieved, Uncle Black would mobilize again until the task was completed.

"Hello, Uncle Black?"

On the other end of the line, the man sighed, his tone low and magnetic. "Mm... did... did it go smoothly?"

"Uncle Black, you're too powerful! You could even find something like this!" Zhuo Yi exclaimed admiringly. For some reason though, he felt that Uncle Black's voice seemed more hurried and tense than usual.

Uncle Black was silent for a second, then said, "You should know that the reason your ancestors left this phone card for you definitely wasn't for this type of use... it was to give you a lifeline if you find yourself in danger. But you... you actually squandered two chances, just to investigate the identity of the same person..."

At this point, Zhuo Yi could clearly feel that something was off in Uncle Black's tone, and he wondered if the other man was angry.

He knew that when Uncle Black had investigated Wang Ling back then, he had encountered extremely strong resistance... this was pointedly apparent when he had instantly and utterly forgot everything about the investigation.

For a while this had made Uncle Black think that he had a memory disorder. It had later forced him to start taking notes during his investigation as well as get into the habit of recording things.

"No matter what type of relationship you have with this person, I hope you'll keep your distance. The best would be if you no longer approach him! Otherwise, I have a hunch that in my third mission, it's very likely I'll be collecting your corpse for you, understand?" As Uncle Black spoke, somehow his voice seemed to be trembling.

Zhuo Yi couldn't help the way his eyebrows jumped. "...Uncle Black, aren't you exaggerating?" ( Fuck! Shifu is really powerful! Even Uncle Black is afraid of him! Sure enough, he's not someone to be trifled with! )

"No, not at all!" Uncle Black enunciated each word, emphasizing how serious he was. "No one in the Zhuo family has ever been able to embark on a political career. In this game of thrones, when the storm comes, it'll be far more dangerous than you think..."

"Very well, Uncle Black, I understand!" ( But! A new storm has already emerged, how can I remain stagnant 4 ... )

4(This is a lyric from the Chinese theme song for 'Ultraman Tiga.') "I hope you'll think my words over. From this point on, I will no longer investigate anything to do with this family for you..."

After Uncle Black finished speaking, the call was directly cut off.

...

At that moment in a mysterious laboratory on the border of Huaxiu nation, a mysterious man dressed in black skintight clothes ended the call with shaking hands.

Also at that moment, Wang Ling, who had been standing behind the mysterious man, withdrew his pulsating spirit bomb 5 .

5(The spirit bomb is a powerful attack from the Japanese cartoon series 'Dragon Ball,' where energy is collected from animate and inanimate objects as well as the atmosphere, and concentrated into a ball of energy before being released..)





Chapter 80 The Terrified Monkey Coder Little Black


Wang Ling was in fact well aware that someone was secretly investigating him. Otherwise, there was no way Zhuo Yi would have been able to track him down with his limited skill set after the incident six years ago. But if Wang Ling wanted to catch this person, he had to silently wait for him to give himself away.

Wang Ling had already prepared himself after the last time, when Zhuo Yi had waited for him at Number 60 High School's front gate. He had had a hunch that the person who was hiding behind Zhuo Yi would show himself again...

Wang Ling rarely turned to Wang Ming for help, but this time he had sent him a text message summarizing the situation.

Less than five minutes later, Wang Ming had sent him a string of numbers. They were the coordinates for an account login that he had traced through the "Super High School Level Deputy Director" reader ID on the Cultivation Reading Network.

The mysterious monkey coder 1 behind Zhuo Yi was a first-class computer expert who habitually changed his login coordinates to hide his position whenever he used an online account. Unfortunately for him, his opponent this time was the most powerful brain in Huaxiu nation.

1(A 'monkey coder' refers to an expert computer programmer.) Following Wang Ming's coordinates, Wang Ling had then directly used the Great Teleportation Spell and had been instantly transported to a mysterious underground laboratory on Huaxiu nation's border.

And after that, was this scene now...

...

Wang Ling had suddenly appeared in the spacious laboratory with both his hands raised and the spirit bomb a huge ball of light in the air above them, ready to explode.

The man in black skintight clothes had been completely frightened out of his wits. As per Wang Ling's first instruction when he had appeared, the man lectured Zhuo Yi, trembling. He didn't even dare turn his head. Who knew if Zhuo Yi that guy had actually taken his words to heart...

Fucking big fuck!

The man had always thought he was investigating an ordinary student — how the hell could he have known that this boy was a cannon who even had a nuclear bomb on him? If that bomb exploded here... it wouldn't be just the lab, even the border would be fucking flattened!

The man held his hands up. "Great Immortal... I've said whatever you wanted me to say."

This time, Father Wang had given Wang Ling a do-or-die order: clean up his own mess, or he would never be able to eat his favorite crispy noodle snacks at home ever again...

Wang Ling silently nodded and withdrew the spirit bomb...

The talking-to which he had gotten from Father Wang had put him in a bad mood.

Sensing the sharp decrease in the light and wind pressure behind him, the man finally heaved a long sigh of relief. At least the research which he had painstakingly worked on for decades had been preserved... but without Wang Ling's say-so, the man didn't dare turn his head to look at all.

Wang Ling gave the man a second instruction to completely erase all investigation records about him.

The man didn't even dare take a deep breath as he straightaway started working at his computer. Two minutes later, on the kind of wide monitor screen that could be found at a satellite launch site, the massive words "Deletion Success" appeared.

The man raised his hands again. "Great Immortal, relax... I've deleted all your records, and there are no backups."

Wang Ling was silent for a moment. In the end, however, he still didn't fully trust the man. He stepped forward and a powerful spirit wave rolled out from him as its center. Instantly there were " peng peng peng peng " sounds of things exploding...

He felt a lot more relieved; at least now he could be sure that he had destroyed all the data chips in this place.

The man was so frightened that he crouched down on the ground, shivering and covering his head.

Wang Ling took a look around and realized that monkey coder Little Black unexpectedly had a lot of strange inventions. Among them, the most eye-catching one had to be the big cannon with a muzzle that was a meter wide in diameter. It stood erect in the middle of the laboratory like a chimney with two impressive cannonballs hanging one on each side of it.

Wang Ling pointed to the cannon and spoke in Little Black's mind. "What is this?"

Little Black covered his head, completely afraid to look directly at Wang Ling. He said timidly, "This is... the Armstrong Cyclone Jet Armstrong Cannon 2 ."

2(The Armstrong Cyclone Jet Armstrong Cannon is a legendary and powerful weapon in the Japanese comic Gintama which, if you haven't guessed already, looks like a penis ..) "..."

What kind of fucking name was this?!

The more Wang Ling looked, the more suspicious the cannon appeared.

He raised one hand...

With a burst of dazzling light, there was a tremendous " boom " sound...

This huge cannon exploded into bits of flying ash.

Billows of smoke directly activated the laboratory's fire protection system. The sprinklers spurted on, creating a thick mist of spray...

When Little Black looked up, he found that Wang Ling had already disappeared.

...

In the destroyed lab, Little Black slumped weakly on the floor. He was completely drenched, his black skintight clothes resembling a swimsuit wrapped around his body. Shivering, he took out a cigarette and silently lit it.

All destroyed...

Little Black cradled his head in pain. The inventions he had toiled over, the results from decades of research, the Armstrong Cyclone Jet Armstrong Cannon... all instantly destroyed in one fell swoop!

The most crucial thing was that against Wang Ling, Little Black had felt that he couldn't even hold his ground, let alone defeat him.

While his realm wasn't the best in the world, Little Black felt that at the very least he still had enough power to shake it. However, Wang Ling's strength had been suffocating... that earth-shattering oppression had grabbed him by the throat, and he had felt close to dying.

It had already been a very long time since Little Black had felt the kind of true oppression that emerged from the gap between cultivation realms.

"This person... is so terrifyingly strong!" Little Black puffed on his cigarette, trembling. Who on earth had he been investigating all these years?

He calmed down after smoking one cigarette. He wanted to call someone to report the situation, but found that even his wristwatch had been destroyed by the spirit vibrations. None of the electronic devices in the lab could be used!

That person wasn't just a portable human nuclear warhead... he was also a fucking portable EMP!

Now that he couldn't make any calls and all the equipment was broken, Little Black could only write his report by hand, then find an opportunity later to report the lab damage.

...

May 16th, sunny.

The laboratory has suffered unprecedented damage. According to current estimates, three satellite computers, an Armstrong Cyclone Jet Armstrong Cannon, and communications equipment have been destroyed. All data has been destroyed, and initial estimates put the rate of data recovery at close to zero. At the same time, research subjects in other parts of the world who have on them the black technology developed by the laboratory may go out of control. I hope this matter will be given due attention by the organization. In addition, regarding the identity of the person who destroyed the laboratory...

Having written to this point, Little Black paused. "..."

Fucking wait! —

This youngster with terrifying strength... what was his fucking name?





Chapter 81 Online Shopping for Cultivators


It was at least hundreds of millions of kilometers from the urban-rural fringe area where Wang Ling lived to the border of Huaxiu nation; he rarely used the Great Teleportation Spell over such a long distance.

However, looking at the result... at least his favorite crispy noodle snacks were saved.

Wang Ling returned to his desk and stared contemplatively at the sun outside his bedroom skylight. He had deliberately avoided Uncle Black's line of sight the whole time; as long as Uncle Black didn't see his face directly, he could ensure that the "Great Shielding Spell" would continue to work. Luckily, that wuss hadn't dared to look at him at all, the pressure of Wang Ling's power almost frightening him into pissing his pants.

He could now guarantee that this Magic Uncle Black wouldn't dare stir up trouble with him any longer. On the other hand, Zhuo Yi continued to be a big problem.

Wang Ling let out a sigh. He really had to find a solution to this, otherwise it would become very troublesome sooner or later.

But after recent events, he had also gained some inspiration.

It was time he prepared himself a mask.

The Great Shielding Spell was only effective if the people whose ambitions centered around Wang Ling had never seen his real face. Otherwise, even changing his appearance with the Great Transfiguration Spell would be no use. Wearing a mask thus would be relatively good protection.

It wasn't that he hadn't considered it before, it was just that he had been reluctant to buy one. This was because his pocket money was very limited; Father Wang was like an autocratic shopkeeper who only gave him a pitiful amount every month. He would also think of all sorts of ways to deduct money.

Deduct one hundred for breaking a spoon...

Deduct fifty for snapping a chopstick...

In Wang Ling's elite class, there were fifteen students. As long as his exam grades put him at rank eight or above, five hundred would be directly deducted!

Given the bowls, chopsticks and spoons that he accidentally broke every month, and the furniture he banged up when he wasn't careful... there wasn't time for his pocket money to grow warm in his hand before Father Wang used all kinds of reasons to take it away. Wang Ling even had to think of ways to save money to buy his crispy noodle snacks...

However, the new Dao talisman seal was at its strongest in the first three months after it was put on. In the short term, Father Wang wouldn't be able to find an excuse to dock Wang Ling's pocket money.

Hence, these three months would be when he had the most pocket money.

For things like masks, he felt that it would be fine to just simply buy one to wear as long as it could cover his face.

But there was a huge range of masks and a variety of styles available online... this was tough for Wang Ling as someone who found it difficult to make choices.

While he might have thought that he could simply buy any mask, he didn't dare use a poorly made one, otherwise it would split with just one puff of his breath.

After struggling for a long while with the window tabs that he had opened for other online buyers, Wang Ling finally started searching for a mask.

He chose two options, "bargain" and "best selling." Instantly, the number of available products in the online cultivation mall were sharply reduced.

Next, he had to use his 24K gold titanium laser eyes 1 to pick out a mask from the wide variety on hand.

1(This is probably adapted from the Chinese colloquial phrase 亮瞎我的鈦合金狗眼,"so bright it blinds my titanium dog eyes," referring to something that is extremely amazing or mind-boggling.) Images of all the masks sold in the online cultivation mall were available for perusal, so Wang Ling could use his Heavenly Eye to inspect the materials which the masks were made of.

— Ding dong!

Just as he was sweeping his eyes over the mall's masks one by one, a private chat window suddenly popped up.

He opened the window; the name at the top of the window was: "New Century Cultivation Mask Shop."

It was very clear that this shop had installed some kind of software to automatically send a private message to customers browsing its products. Like some private hospitals that got into price wars online — as soon as you visited their websites, they would open private chat windows to boast about their medical skills and how brilliant they were. In the end, you spent money but still couldn't save your life.

This kind of behavior really disgusted Wang Ling.

Just as he was about to close the window, a shop customer service employee quickly sent a smiling emoji with a rose in its mouth and a message. "This cultivation friend, please stay!"

It was practically instinctive for Wang Ling to type out an ellipsis. " ..."

Seeing Wang Ling's reply, the customer service employee seemed very enthusiastic and immediately replied, "It appears this cultivation friend is looking for a mask. I can assure you that the prices of the masks in our shop are the lowest online, and we guarantee their quality. What type of mask is this cultivation friend looking for? We have everything here! (This message has been typed out manually and is not an automatic reply, please don't doubt our sincerity!)"

"..."

Seeing this, Wang Ling was a bit speechless, and before he could reply, the customer service employee sent another message. "Cultivation friend, I understand you might still be confused. Then let me quickly introduce some of our latest and most popular masks to you!"

Very quickly, the customer service employee sent him the first picture, which was of a green mask that was a little strange. It had clear facial features and couldn't be considered ugly, but it also seemed to be glowing fluorescent.

Wang Ling asked, "What is this?"

"Cultivation friend, are you mortified by your lover having affairs all over the place? Are you looking for first love? Are you looking for a way to regain your spouse's love? Our latest Green Light of Forgiveness mask can fundamentally help to restore self-confidence and regain your love!"

Wang Ling: "..."

"Ah... if this is not to your liking, we have another one."

Saying this, the customer service employee sent another picture.

This mask was silver in color and very ordinary in all respects, except that the chin of the mask was unusually sharp.

"Cultivation friend, are you still afraid of walking on the roads alone at night? Do you often work overtime until dawn? This Liu Baby brand Snake Spirit 2male mask uses the latest integration technology, mixing hyaluronic acid with metal; this mask not only moisturizes and nourishes your face, the chin of the mask has a black diamond inset, and in a time of crisis can serve as a weapon!"

2(This is a reference to Liu Zichen, an infamous Chinese online personality who got plastic surgery that gave him a sharper chin and larger eyes like a doll. Netizens have given him the nickname 'Snake Spirit Boy,' based on a Chinese folktale.) "..."

For a very long time, Wang Ling didn't reply.

The customer service employee sent Wang Ling a question mark emoji. "Cultivation friend?"

"...Is there a mask just for covering the face, made from reliable enough materials?"

This time, it was the customer service employee's turn to send an ellipsis. "..."

Nowadays, most masks were developed through a combination of cultivation spells and science and were mostly functional types. It was actually very rare to find shops in the whole of the online cultivation mall that sold masks as just face covers. Of course, it wasn't that there weren't any. However, these masks that didn't serve any function were mostly ornamental, and so were often sold at very expensive prices... but Wang Ling wanted something good for cheap...

This obviously was a real headache for the customer service employee. After about ten minutes, the employee finally sent another picture. The image was of a slightly crude ghost mask with eyes that looked like they had been embellished with something like resin. While it looked a little old-fashioned, overall the mask seemed pretty decent.

"Cultivation friend, a cheap mask just to cover the face... honestly speaking, it's hard to find such a thing, especially in the online cultivation mall. Our shop does not have many in stock that fit your requirements, but we did find this well-made, cheap... and not too ugly mask."

Wang Ling stared at the picture which the customer service employee had sent him, and felt that this mask basically had everything he needed.

The most crucial thing was that he had used his Heavenly Eye to look at the material which the stone ghost mask was made from...

Although he couldn't know with absolute certainty without actually touching the real thing, Wang Ling was nonetheless sure that he had seen primordial black crystal in this stone ghost mask.

Discovered by the General Bureau of World Cultivation, this was the hardest material known to man!





Chapter 82 Remember to Include the Delivery Fee...


So... had he discovered treasure?

Primordial black crystal came primarily from the meteorites that fell from the sky. It had a very special quality and was a very difficult substance to detect through general methods of quality inspection. Furthermore, it was very easy for many merchants of raw materials to confuse primordial black crystal with ordinary black crystal.

Like with this stone ghost mask; from the quality inspection report which the customer service employee had sent, it was clearly written that this stone ghost mask was made from seventy-five percent premium black crystal and twenty-five percent elastic resin.

It was an ordinary mask that didn't serve any function, and the shop was completely unaware that the mask contained primordial black crystal, so it cost just six hundred HNY.

Wang Ling knew that six hundred HNY for a stone ghost mask made from primordial black crystal wasn't expensive at all. But taking into account that his pocket money was just one thousand yuan a month, in the end it was still a little bit expensive.

Seeing that Wang Ling was still hesitating, the customer service employee gave the chat window a little shake. "Are you still there, cultivation friend?"

Wang Ling replied with a question mark. "?"

"If the price isn't suitable for you, feel free to discuss it with us... we can certainly offer you a discount. Mm, of course I won't tell you, this mask will bring you bad luck!"

Wang Ling: "?!"

"Oh... I typed wrongly. Sorry, I meant to say, it will bring you good luck."

"..."

Who the fuck are you trying to deceive? Can your acting be any more fake?!

Finally, Wang Ling threatened to use the online customer complaint service before the customer service employee finally told him the truth. "Initially, we bought this stone ghost mask from a wholesaler. Our boss really liked it because of its unique appearance. But after we hung the mask up in the shop, our sales started to drop sharply... our boss thinks that the shop's business must have been cursed by this stone ghost mask."

Wang Ling stared at the stone ghost mask for a while, but apart from its slightly unique appearance, he still couldn't detect anything unusual about it.

Still, he would have to wait until he got it before he knew for sure whether there was something wrong with it or not.

Actually, Wang Ling was inherently someone who in fact did like looking for something amusing to do.

After all, being invincible was so, so lonely... 1

1(This lyric is from the song 'Invincible,' which was the theme song for the Chinese film 'The Mermaid.') Seeing no message response from Wang Ling, the customer service employee became anxious. "This cultivation friend... the price is negotiable, make us an offer!"

Although Wang Ling doubted that the stone ghost mask was cursed, seeing how desperately the customer service employee was trying to sell it, he felt that at the very least, the employee wasn't lying about how the shop had indeed run into a fair bit of trouble after purchasing the stone ghost mask from a wholesaler.

After due consideration, Wang Ling sent a number to the customer service employee...

When the customer service girl saw a lonely '5' unexpectedly appear in the chat window, she was utterly astonished. "This cultivation friend, are you sure... you're not missing a zero?" If it had been '50,' the customer service girl could have completely understood. It was a cursed mask, after all. Selling it cheap was one thing... but fuck! Five yuan! Do you fucking think you're buying crispy noodle snacks?!

The customer service girl waited five whole minutes in front of the chat window... and after realizing that this stubborn, stingy customer still hadn't corrected his meaning, immediately felt a little disheartened.

Of course, Wang Ling hadn't left and was just calmly sitting with his arms crossed as he waited for the customer service girl's reply. This was a tactic that he had learned from Mother Wang, who often used it when she was window-shopping or buying groceries to catch those cutthroat vendors off guard. Patience and mental endurance were important in times like these...

After a stalemate of almost ten minutes, on the other end, the customer service girl finally caved. "Alright! Five yuan! Please confirm the delivery address, fellow cultivator."

However, to her surprise, Wang Ling remained silent.

The customer service girl sent Wang Ling a bawling expression. "Fellow cultivator, don't tell me you're backing out?"

Wang Ling was silent for a while, and then typed a few words in the chat window. "Remember to include the delivery fee."

In... include the delivery fee?! Buy for five yuan, and still want to include the delivery fee! The customer service girl felt that her three views had been refreshed. What kind of customer was this? Even though the customer was god... this was the first time that the customer service girl had seen such a stingy god.

Fuck it! Fraud! the customer service girl thought in her heart with extreme grief and indignation...

...

It was around five in the evening on Saturday in the third week of the semester.

Wang Ling felt that he had done a lot today. He had caught up on the knowledge he had missed out on in school, completed the required homework, destroyed an underground laboratory that had been conspiring against him... he had also just purchased a mask online, so he felt that he had finally settled one more thing. Now he just needed to wait for that odd stone ghost mask to be delivered by Shun Feng Express, delivery fee included.

This kind of day had indeed been really productive, but it had completely tired Wang Ling out.

On one side, Father Wang and Lie Mengmeng were still conferencing together, engaged in a battle of wits as they worked out some plot details for the new book. On the other side, Mother Wang had also come to the second floor, and she knocked on Wang Ling's door. "Son, get ready! Change into something nice, we're eating out in the evening."

Wang Ling: "..." Eating out?

As far as he knew, the Wang family seldom ate out. This was largely because of Wang Ling; Father and Mother Wang were worried that taking him out to eat would cause trouble for the restaurant, so the number of times they went out to eat in a year was comparable with the number of spring and autumn outings a school typically organized. It was usually only on New Year's Day or Wang Ling's birthday that Father and Mother Wang would spend lavishly on a delicious meal for him. Apart from that, if they were suddenly going out to eat at a restaurant, it usually meant that some relative was coming to visit.

Wang Ling's hunch was proven right.

About half an hour later, his spiritual senses picked up an old man on a creaking freight tricycle approaching the usually deserted area around the front gate of the Wang family's small villa.

The old man was a little fat, and it seemed that riding the tricycle was a little taxing for him. He was wearing a black, old-fashioned mandarin hat, a black mandarin jacket and a dark blue mianpao 2 . He staggered a little as he got off the tricycle and Wang Ling was afraid that he would fall if he wasn't careful.

2(A 'mianpao' is a variation of the changpao, which is a traditional Chinese long garment worn by men ..) The old man bent down slightly, hands on his knees. He took a few deep breaths, thumped his shoulders and stretched. Then he slowly walked to the back of the tricycle, untied some rope and finally lifted the white cloth cover. Unexpectedly, the tricycle's cart was full of apples...

Mother Wang had been taking in the laundry at the front of the villa, and when she saw the fat figure appear at the front gate, she hurried to meet him. "Oh, dad! Why did you come by yourself on a tricycle? You should have called me, I would have gotten Wang Jiao to pick you up!"

Grandfather Wang rubbed his head. "...Wang Jiao? Who is Wang Jiao..."

"Wang Jiao is your son..."

Mother Wang sighed in her heart. The old man's dementia came and went and was becoming harder to avoid.

"Oh! Right! My son!"

Grandfather Wang patted his head, then pointed to the apples behind him. "Do I have a grandson named Jingke? These oranges, I brought them for my grandson, remember to take them..."

Mother Wang: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 83 The Woes of Romance0


0(The chapter title is actually the title of a wuxia web novel written by the author Yubi.) As soon as Grandfather Wang entered the villa, he went to the washroom — he had been desperately holding his piss in the entire time he had been riding the tricycle all the way here. At the age of seventy, the old man could still be considered pretty robust; apart from his worsening dementia, his regular physical check-ups at the cultivation hospital indicated that all his other body functions were normal.

Although he suffered from severe dementia, Father and Mother Wang weren't worried that he would get lost as Wang Ling had blessed the old man's tricycle with the ability to automatically guide itself. Furthermore, and most importantly, it didn't take the old man any effort at all to ride it.

Otherwise, there was no way the old man could slowly cycle here under his own steam from the neighboring city suburb...

Hearing that the old man had come, Father Wang hurriedly finished up his work. Apart from Mother Wang and Wang Ling when he was in a rage, the old man was the only other person whom Father Wang was in awe of in the Wang family. When Wang Ling's grandmother had still been alive, Father Wang had in fact been even more afraid of her. Unfortunately, she had passed away before Wang Ling was born, apparently from a terminal illness.

Father Wang had grieved for a very long time after that until Wang Ling's birth. He would always muse that if Wang Ling had been born a few years earlier, maybe the old lady would still be alive.

Unfortunately, there was no "if" in life, and every day was a live show...

It was also after Wang Ling's grandmother died that Grandfather Wang was stricken by dementia. When he was young, Grandfather Wang had been a casanova-type who had had plenty of flings, but he loved this first wife the most. The death of Wang Ling's grandmother hence had been a huge blow to the old man.

In the living room, Father Wang lit a cigarette. "Have we made a restaurant booking for tonight?"

Mother Wang nodded. "I made a booking at Kikkaro Restaurant 1 . Initially I booked at Kitchen God's Small Restaurant 2 , but the owner has been fairly busy lately. I also heard that the price of fried rice with egg has increased! Originally it was two hundred and eighty-eight, now it's nine hundred and eighty-eight! That's daylight robbery!"

1(This is the name of the restaurant run by the mother of Liu Maoxing, the protagonist of the Japanese cartoon series 'Cooking Master Boy.')

2(This is the title of another Chinese web novel.) Wang Ling: "..."

Wang Ling knew that there was a very popular place recently called Kitchen God's Small Restaurant. With just one bowl of fried rice with egg, this no-name restaurant had been able to attract countless heavyweight customers and cause renowned local food experts to fall all over themselves in their eagerness to promote it.

He felt that this restaurant owner was very suspicious. They were either a veteran senior in the cultivation world or a time-traveling big shot... if not, it was possible that the person had some sort of system on them which could boost their strength! A portable system wasn't anything new; moreover, Wang Ling knew that this was a research project that Wang Ming had been working on in recent years; to date he had already invented plenty of portable systems and had conducted secret experiments in various locations...

"It's fine, Kikkaro is also not bad."

Father Wang's eyes fell on the small tricycle in the back garden. "Why are there so many apples?"

"Dad brought them. He remembered that Ling Ling liked to eat oranges when he was little, but unfortunately he brought the wrong thing..."

"..." Father Wang covered his face and sighed in his heart: dad's dementia is getting worse and worse!

And it seemed... constipation had also become a serious issue! The old man had been in the washroom for quite a while...

Wang Ling also felt very helpless. Given his current ability, he could easily eliminate cancer cells in the body. However, he had no way of curing a mental disease like dementia.

What was worse, Grandfather Wang's dementia was very complicated since it had been caused by a broken heart. If it had been a physical problem, Wang Ling would have been able to directly and single-handedly cure it. His treatment was quite superb; in the area of orthopedics in particular, his methods had developed in the last few years to the point of completely surpassing German orthopedics 3 !

3("German orthopedics" is a Chinese meme adapted from a bizarre real-life scenario that is explained here: https://ask.fm/evrien/answers/133948038053.) Not long after, there was the sound of a toilet flushing in the washroom and the old man strolled out at a sedate pace. When he entered the living room, he gripped Wang Ling's hands and looked at him strangely. "Jiao, I haven't seen you in months, how have you become so young? Did you steal the youth-retaining elixir again... that thing has preservatives in it!"

"..."

"..."

Father Wang: "Dad!... I am your son!"

Grandfather Wang looked blank for an instant, then patted his head. "Oh! Right, right, right! You're my son! Then this boy is... this is Jingke, right?! Where is our Ling Ling?"

"..."

Grandfather Wang was a man who was very fond of playing tricks; when he had entered the house earlier, his dementia had indeed been acting up. Now, however, Wang Ling could tell with one glance that the old man was pretending. This little prank could trick Father and Mother Wang, but not him.

When Father and Mother Wang saw Wang Ling's expression, they immediately understood. "Dad, you're so old already yet you still like playing tricks."

Seeing that his prank had been found out, the old man laughed joyfully. "In the end our Ling Ling is still so amazing. Anyway... what are we doing in the evening?"

"Dad, we're going to eat out at a restaurant, we were just waiting for you."

"No, no, no, what restaurant, damn expensive, are there any groceries in the house?" Grandfather Wang asked.

"There are..."

"Then that's good enough!" The old man took off his black cloth hat, revealing his big, bald head, and rolled up his sleeves. "Tonight all of you don't have to do anything, let me show you what I can do."

"Dad, I think maybe it's better if you don't... what if your dementia flares up when you're cooking?"

"What does dementia have to do with me cooking?! Even if I forget all of you, I'll never forget how to cook!" the old man said angrily.

Grandfather Wang was pretty stubborn when it came to cooking because before he retired, he had been a chef in a cultivation star hotel for more than forty years. Even though he had to make three meals every day for three hundred and sixty-five days, he wouldn't make the same dish twice as long as he had enough ingredients.

The old man was an impressive person who had previously taken in numerous apprentices, young and old, when the culinary industry had been at its peak, and they all ascribed to the philosophy of happy cooking. It was the old man'sshifu who had taught him this philosophy, but even Wang Ling didn't know who this shifu was. Now that the old man had dementia, his memories had become quite confused; even if Wang Ling used his memory retrieval ability, he wouldn't necessarily be able to discover any useful clues. Furthermore, a forceful search might aggravate the old man's dementia.

After all, the person in question was his own grandfather... even if he was very curious, it wasn't to the extent of causing harm for gossip.

"None of you lift a finger today, I may be old and my brain doesn't work so well, but my body is still healthy. My good grandson participated in a four-day event, see how thin he's become!" The old man looked at Wang Ling and smiled, then took the apron from where Mother Wang had hung it behind the kitchen door and tied it skillfully around his waist.

"Dad, need any help?"

"Find me some oil, salt, sauce and whatnot, then help me check what ingredients we have in the house."

"There's spinach, radish and some pork in the fridge..."

"Mm, I saw some bananas on the living room table, I can make a fruit platter later. My angry bananas 4 back then was one-of-a-kind!"

4(This is a cheeky nod to another web novelist who uses Angry Bananas as their pseudonym.) The old man opened the refrigerator and his eyes lit up. "Pig's ears? Um... yes,er gen in sauce 5 !"

5(Er Gen means 'ears,' and is also the pseudonym of a popular xianxia web novelist ..) For some reason, Wang Ling felt that there was something familiar about this cooking style. "..."





Chapter 84 Déjà Vu Menu


After retiring, Grandfather Wang had rented a piece of farmland, and had vowed to serve the common people by devoting himself to researching new varieties of vegetables. Unfortunately, because of dementia, he would constantly forget his research results. Finally accepting this reality, Grandfather Wang gave up on his earlier dream, and started to plant simple fruits and vegetables instead. Almost every month he would send some to the Wang family's small villa.

This time, when he had heard that his good grandson had participated in a school activity, Grandfather Wang had picked oranges non-stop, as they had been Wang Ling's favorite when he was a kid, before coming here, but in the end had still made a confused mistake when loading the oranges into the tricycle cart.

For dinner, the old man's craftsmanship from years of being a star chef was on display.

Appetizers: cold old tomatoes 1 and Elizabeth potatoes 2 ...

1(Old Tomato is the pseudonym of a popular Chinese games blogger.)

2(This is a reference to another well-known Chinese blogger whose Chinese pseudonym translates to Elizabeth Mouse, but who also goes by Little White Mouse - in Chinese, 'potato' and 'mouse' are homophones.) Mains: pure black combat chicken 3 , er gen with sauce, and do mi 4 wintermelon soup...

3(The ayam cemani is a pure black Indonesian chicken breed.)

4('Do Mi' is a magical incantation used in the Chinese TV series 'Dancing Baby: DoFaLa.') Dessert: angry bananas...

As the old man solemnly announced the name of each dish, Wang Ling could basically confirm who the old man's shifu was... and even if it wasn't Mother Juan, it was definitely someone connected to her!

...

...

Previously, whenever the old man came to visit the Wang family, most of the time, he would leave early the next morning on his little tricycle. This time at dinner, however, Father Wang adamantly insisted that the old man stay for a few more days. The reason was very simple... the old man's dementia had reached a point where it had to be treated... he had unexpectedly forgotten to add in salt while cooking!

Even the old man had been thoroughly annoyed by this; he had just said before that even if he forgot everyone, he wouldn't forget how to cook... who knew that in the end, he had to eat his own words.

It was very clear that the old man's dementia was already terminal. Last month, Father Wang in fact had taken the old man to the hospital. The doctor had said that the old man's dementia was a very unique case, and couldn't be treated with just medication. A mental illness needed mental treatment.

Hence, Father Wang had Grandfather Wang stay back this time, and planned to look for an excellent psychologist to give the old man comprehensive psychological counseling.

Then...

The next morning on Sunday, there was yet another visitor to the Wang family's small villa... Lie Mengmeng had come.

Facing Grandfather Wang, Lie Mengmeng took a deep breath, his frail body shaking slightly, then he gave Father Wang a deep look: "The matter of life and death you were telling me about... is this?"

"Didn't you major in psychology at university? Furthermore, you were even one of Professor Jiang's postgraduate students," Father Wang said.

"...But it's already been a long time since I last saw patients." No one could blame Lie Mengmeng. There were plenty of psychologists in the current market, but most of them were part-timers, because not only didn't this job make them enough to eat in the cultivation era, it was also a high-risk career. There had been quite a number of psychologists who had been killed with swords, by patients screaming that they weren't sick.

Hence, after Lie Mengmeng graduated from university, he switched to becoming an editor. At the very least, this job didn't need him to show up regularly, and he could make money just by sitting around, like Aoi Sola5 ...

5(Aoi Sola is a Japanese talent who started out as an AV idol and has a sizeable following in China ..) Nearby, Mother Wang came to his rescue: "How about... we just forget it? This is too difficult for Little Song."

Father Wang shamelessly turned away: "I don't care! You have to take a look today, even if you don't want to. Otherwise... I'll stop updating! Quit the website!"

"Don't!"

Lie Mengmeng was about to cry, his eyes full of tears: "I'll take a look! I'll do it, alright?!"

Despite having left psychology behind for many years, Lie Mengmeng still had some understanding of the concept of dementia. But because Grandfather Wang's case was more unique, as his dementia was caused by mental illness, after some consideration, Lie Mengmeng decided to ask him a few questions to assess how far the old man's dementia had progressed...

"My name is Song Zikai. Grandfather Wang, you can call me Little Song," Lie Mengmeng said, looking at Grandfather Wang.

The old man didn't know who Lie Mengmeng was, but knew that this was the psychologist whom Father Wang had invited for his benefit, so he was still a little nervous. He couldn't help that his hands shook, even just at hearing Lie Mengmeng this soft and meng person speak.

"Grandfather Wang, don't be nervous. I'm going to ask you a few simple questions."

The old man paused: "That... Little Song ah , can I first ask you a question?"

"Mmm Grandfather Wang, ask ba ." Lie Mengmeng nodded.

Grandfather Wang: "They all say that my dementia is very serious, is that true?"

Lie Mengmeng: "I'll only know after I've asked you a few questions."

Grandfather Wang: "I have another question..."

Lie Mengmeng: "Grandfather Wang, say it..."

Grandfather Wang: "They all say that my dementia is very serious, is that true?"

Lie Mengmeng, Father Wang, and Mother Wang: "..."

Okay! No need to ask anymore, this wasn't just serious... it was fucking incurable!

Upstairs, Wang Ling couldn't help covering his face, and at the same time, he sighed deeply in his heart... for some reason, he felt that Lie Mengmeng might go crazy before Grandfather Wang could be cured.

In the end, Father Wang made Lie Mengmeng stay back for lunch to eat the food which Grandfather Wang had forgotten to add salt to before leaving. As he was about to leave, the old man saw Lie Mengmeng off at the door, and grasped his hands firmly: "I have really troubled Doctor Song!"

"Grandfather, it's no problem..." When they had been eating, the old man had kept asking the same question, and Lie Mengmeng hadn't fully recovered from the experience yet.

"How's my dad?" Father Wang dragged Lie Mengmeng aside to ask him.

"I just took some simple notes earlier. Grandfather Wang's case is rather complicated, and there are some details I need to confirm with my teacher..." What Lie Mengmeng was saying were all empty words. Since graduation, apart from sending broadcast messages during the New Year and other festivals, it had in fact been a very long time since he had last seen Professor Jiang. Who the hell knew if Professor Jiang still remembered him, this student?

"Then I really will have to trouble you!" Father Wang said.

"If you really want to thank me, hurry up and update more!" Lie Mengmeng rolled his eyes and said grouchily.

...

Today, the Wang family's small villa seemed particularly busy. As soon as Lie Mengmeng left, a young man with a solemn face and wearing a black suit showed up at the front door of the villa, holding a small box.

It was an employee from Shun Feng God Express. Wang Ling had sensed the courier's presence from afar, and had already been waiting for him at the door.

When the man saw the recipient, he immediately handed the delivery over to Wang Ling with both hands, and bowed respectfully: "Shun Feng God Express! Mission accomplished guarantee! Sir, please be sure to give me a five-star comment!"

Wang Ling lowered his head, very quiet, and just signed his name.

The man took out a grading device from his suit pocket: "Based on Sir's consumer preferences, if you leave a five-star comment now, you will instantly receive ten packets of Small Raccoon Crispy Noodle Snacks!"

Wang Ling's eyes lit up at once.





Chapter 85 Cursed Stone Ghost Mask


Shortly after the courier left, a black sedan slowly drove past the gate of the Wang family's small villa; a man in the front passenger seat swiftly took photos of the villa from various angles using the SLR camera in his hands. He then activated his wristwatch and made a call. "Lord, from our tail on the Shun Feng God Express courier, we finally know the delivery address for the stone ghost mask."

"What took you so long?" a deep voice asked on the other end of the line a little discontentedly.

"It's mainly because this family lives too far away... it's on the outskirts of Songhai city and this is the only family in the vicinity."

"The only family in the vicinity?"

"Yes, Lord. I think if we send someone in to grab it..."

"This is now a lawful society, understand? The world is so beautiful, why be so grumpy?" There was a "hehe" laugh on the line. "To still buy a house in the outskirts in this current era, this family is probably nothing much. Have you investigated their background?"

"Not yet, but our technicians have already secretly infiltrated the local cultivation police station to check the population census; we should have some idea very soon," the man replied.

"I see, I'll send someone round tomorrow to negotiate. If you can use money to solve something, there's no need to be so violent, understand?"

"The Great Lord is truly kindhearted!"

"Unexpectedly, we were in the end still too late. If we had been quicker in buying the stone ghost mask from that shop, we wouldn't have to go to so much trouble now." The person on the other end of the line couldn't help sighing. "Bear in mind, you must keep an eye on them. The stone ghost mask is very important to us and on no account can it be allowed to fall into the hands of outsiders. The best would be for us to own it."

"Lord, if this subordinate may be so bold as to ask a question... is the reason why you're so afraid of the stone ghost mask falling into someone else's hands because you're worried about the strength of the mask's curse?"

"That is only one aspect of it."

The voice sounded a little sombre. "It's true that the mask's curse can bring bad luck. But the real horror is the power of Devil Emperor Gua Pi, the God of Darkness spawned by this stone ghost mask... if an ordinary person wears the mask for any period of time, there's a high chance that the mask will force them to seal an agreement with it sooner rather than later. In the end, it will change into a superior ghost form, and obtain great power that cannot be suppressed. According to our current intelligence, the method by which the stone ghost mask forces an agreement is very simple and crude: as soon as a person puts it on, the hooks on both sides of the mask will pierce their cheeks, thus sealing the agreement."

"Then isn't this family in a lot of danger?"

"The stone ghost mask also has requirements when choosing a host. It's not interested in the old or the weak, and only loves young bodies..."

Hearing the Lord of the Castle's reply, the man was momentarily startled. He remembered that the person who had come out to receive the delivery had looked like a student...

"Last question, Lord! Then, if the stone ghost mask has sealed an agreement by tomorrow, what do we do?"

On the other end of the line, the tone turned heavy. "Then the only thing you can do is kill the other party before the mask achieves its superior ghost form, then take it away by force. That's the only way I can think of. When you go in tomorrow, take careful note and see if anyone in the family has wounds on their cheeks from the stone ghost mask."

"I understand." The man nodded solemnly and then directly ended the call.

...

It wasn't like Wang Ling hadn't had experience with online shopping before, and he had also already heard about Shun Feng God Express. This delivery company, which claimed that all their deliveries were made within twenty-four hours, enjoyed an excellent reputation in the whole of the cultivation world. With fast delivery, assured security of their goods, and a high level of service as the company standard...

Returning to his room with the delivery package, Wang Ling stared at the ten crispy noodle snack packets on his table and was lost in deep thought. It was no wonder that positive ratings for Shun Feng God Express had been the highest in the industry for many years. This sort of temptation... who could resist it!

Wang Ling was itching to open the package; the inside of the box had been layered in plastic foam which was not only shock-absorbent but also waterproof. The somewhat old-looking stone ghost mask had been wrapped with a layer of plastic and lay placidly inside a mold in the box.

This cursed mask, which had scared the seller so much that they were anxious to sell it off, looked a little sinister, as if every frightening thing had been assembled into it. There was a fang at each corner of the mouth; furthermore, there was a long hook protruding from each side of the mask which looked like claws... at first glance, it resembled a crab's. The eyes were made of synthetic resin and coated with a red film that reflected the light a little.

When Wang Ling turned off the light, the mask's eyes had a fluorescent effect.

Looking at it up close, Wang Ling could see details that hadn't shown up in the online image: there were fine cracks in the mask that were definitely not the result of wear and tear.

Wang Ling's preliminary guess was that when the mask had been made, the merchant hadn't known that they were using primordial black crystal to make it. It was inevitable that using subpar techniques on a high grade material would result in some structural breaks in the finished product.

Fortunately, it wasn't anything serious, just minor cracks which couldn't be photographed at all and wouldn't show up in an online pixelated image — they were impossible to see without close scrutiny using the naked eye.

In the end, it was a five-yuan mask, express delivery included, sent over along with ten crispy noodle snack packets... Wang Ling felt that if he gave the seller a bad review for such an insignificant reason, he would be too inhuman.

He had a habit of reviewing goods which he bought online.

After confirming receipt of his package and giving the seller a five-star positive rating, he then started to write his review.

Just as he was writing his comment, he received a private message from the customer service girl of the New Century Cultivation Mask Shop: "It seems that cultivation friend has received the goods without any problems! Thank you for your five-star rating!"

Wang Ling thought it was probably a set auto-response, but unexpectedly the customer service girl sent a second message: "Someone gave us a call yesterday to say that the express delivery may have been lost, which really gave us a scare..."

Someone had called for information?

Staring at the chat window, Wang Ling was a little startled.

He hadn't made any call at all!

Was this a coincidence, or was someone investigating him?

Wang Ling cupped his chin as he pondered.

However, he didn't ask her for too many details.

If he considered the worst case scenario and someone was probing his online shopping records, then there was a possibility that they were monitoring the chat window and his conversation with the customer service employee.

He stared at the stone ghost mask, his eyebrows raised. Had he gotten himself involved in some troublesome matter?

Wang Ling stood in front of the mirror and put the mask on, careful to pay attention to how it felt.

Three minutes later...

He took off the stone ghost mask.

From a preliminary appraisal, the mask didn't seem to have any damn use...

But given the seller's story about the curse, he felt that for the time being, there was no harm in keeping the mask with him for observation.

"Son, come down for dinner!" At that moment, Mother Wang's yell came from downstairs.

Wang Ling nodded, then casually put the mask down on the desk.

Thump !

After the room door closed shut, the stone ghost mask on the desk suddenly shuddered, and the hooks on both sides couldn't help shivering.

This was the first time in years that the stone ghost mask had come across a person with such thick skin!

Bloody hell!

The hooks couldn't pierce his skin at all, fuck!





Chapter 86 Two-Week Semester Curse


On May 18th, early Monday morning of the fourth week of semester, Wang Ling put on his school uniform.

After washing up and tidying up his appearance, he was ready to leave. When he reached the entrance hall and opened the front door, he found his old grandfather sitting in the yard of the Wang family's small villa, quietly soaking up the rays of the sun at dawn like a starving sapling.

In old age, a person's sleep cycle couldn't help becoming shorter. Wang Ling had cast a spell last night to ease his grandfather's sleep, but when it came down to it, he couldn't do anything about the old man's own biological clock.

Seeing Wang Ling come outside, the old man was startled for a moment, but then gave him two lunchboxes full of food. "This is sweet and sour spare ribs and fried squid with sauce."

Wang Ling was stunned. "..." Unexpectedly, it was normal home cooking!

He touched the warm lunchboxes; he didn't know if the old man had remembered to put salt in the food this time, but he still couldn't help feeling moved. Just as he was about to say something, the old man pursed his lips and said, "I've been waiting at the door for a long time, but I still haven't seen my grandson. You're Jingke, right... hurry up and pass this food to my grandson."

Wang Ling: "..."

...

...

The atmosphere in class was clearly a lot more lively than it had been when school started three whole weeks ago. The commissary in charge of studies, Su Xiao, began to collect the homework one by one. Little Peanut's real name was Su Xiao. The people in class who liked to make trouble would always deliberately write "Su Xiao" as "Su Little" 1 in the roster list on the blackboard.

1(The xiao 晓 in Su Xiao's name and the Chinese word for 'small' 小 are homophones ..) This was the first nickname he had been given after entering Grade One, Elite Class Three at Number 60 High School.

Like his name, Su Xiao was very small. As a boy, a height of just one hundred and sixty four centimeters was quite a damn headache. But what had to be mentioned was that he had a very good personality and had a meng and fair look; he was popular with not only teachers but also the people in class. After his classmates had become more familiar with him, they had given him another nickname, the adorable-sounding Little Peanut.

Collecting homework was a technical task. Homework was always the most complete and collected the most quickly in the first two weeks of the semester, and the students were quiet and serious in class. After that, however, various problems would begin to emerge.

This was the so-called two-week semester curse!

Even the elite students of Number 60 High School weren't immune to this curse.

Wang Ling had long divided Grade One, Class Three into four main factions.

First, the composed students faction, comprised of Sun Rong, Lin Xiaoyu and Su Xiao. They finished homework ahead of time, previewed lessons in advance and never panicked.

Second, the normal people's party. Wang Ling considered himself a member of this faction.

Third, the idiot party, comprised of those who had done the homework but hadn't brought it with them. This faction was most commonly seen in the normal and remedial classes — this phenomenon did occasionally happen in the elite class, but was still very rare in general.

Fourth, the furiously copying party. The heads of this faction were none other than Chen Chao and Guo Hao these two damn fat gaming nerds.

It was the members of this faction in particular that were the biggest pain in the ass for Su Xiao.

"You two, I'll only give you five more minutes," Su Xiao said grudgingly as he stood in front of Chen Chao and Guo Hao.

Based on previous routine, Teacher Pan would step into the class in five minutes at the very latest to supervise their morning self-study period.

Su Xiao looked at his wristwatch, assessed Chen Chao and Guo Hao's current progress in copying, then sighed in his heart.

Collecting homework was a technical task, copying homework even more so.

Glancing at the time, Chen Chao decided to speed up. He took another pen out of his stationery pouch and actually started to use both hands to write!

"It's the legendary Flow of Two Pens!" Everyone in class was stunned. This was a widespread, great godly skill in school, a magic technique developed by a mysterious female senior who had been inspired by General Yi's Flow of Two Blades!

The Flow of Two Pens technique involved both hands copying simultaneously, which greatly improved the transcription speed. However, it also had two weaknesses: first, the words produced by the hand unused to writing were always crooked. Second, one needed to pay close attention when copying.

Su Xiao leaned forward to look curiously at Chen Chao's workbook, and his pupils contracted!

Fuck! The handwriting was too neat and beautiful... this wasn't copying homework, but printing it!

He had never thought there would be an expert in the Flow of Two Pens in their class.

Seeing this, Wang Ling also felt it was slightly shameful. It was very clear that Chen Chao had already reached the pinnacle of this skill; it was impossible to achieve this level of proficiency without more than ten years of repeated practice.

"I never imagined there would be someone by my side who has also mastered the Flow of Two Pens technique!" Guo Hao narrowed his eyes as he looked at Chen Chao.

Then, under everyone's startled gazes, he swiftly pulled a pen out of his stationery pouch and started copying the homework!

— The Flow of Two Pens, again!

Everyone in class was shocked.

However, there were now only three minutes left...

Dinglingling ! — The preparatory bell for morning self-study rang.

Su Xiao looked outside anxiously, as if he could already hear Teacher Pan coming out of the office and approaching the classroom step by step!

It was over... at this rate, it was already too late!

In the classroom, the students around them couldn't help shaking their heads.

Concentrating with all his might, both hands still writing at tremendous speed, Chen Chao suddenly roared, "It's not time to give up yet!"

In that moment, he sped up again! It was as if everyone could hear the hot blood in his body pushing through his muscles! The students in class also couldn't help the way their blood fired up and boiled over...

"..." Wang Ling was a little speechless. To be so ardent even when copying homework — there was truly no one else who could do this.

With two minutes to go, Chen Chao had already entered the final stage, his transcription speed almost level with that of Guo Hao.

But at this moment, Chen Chao unexpectedly took out a pen from his stationery pouch again and put it in his mouth!

Instantly, countless "fuck's rang out in the class"!

— Fuck! Flow of Three Pens?!

The increase in speed with the Flow of Three Pens was clear to see.

But it was very obvious that although Chen Chao had mastered this technique, the words written with a pen in the mouth were nonetheless much harder to read, though still decipherable.

As the commissary in charge of studies, Su Xiao's jaw had already dropped with complete shock.

On the other side, seeing that Chen Chao had already entered the final leg, Guo Hao unexpectedly stopped copying.

Had he already given up?

Wang Ling narrowed his eyes, head resting on one hand as he watched the battle between the two guys.

Then Guo Hao gave an evil smile, and took out two pens from his stationery pouch.

Then...

He silently stuck them into his nostrils.

...

This day, the boys and girls in Grade One, Class Three who had witnessed this scene all knelt before him!





Chapter 50 Our Theme Song A Must-Read Side Story0


0(Moved chapter.) At Number 60 High School, music classes were as rare as Lao Gudong's theory of history classes.

Teacher Ding who taught music was called Ding Yu. He could be considered a veteran in the music industry who had nurtured the talents of quite a number of students and written plenty of songs, big and small.

However, apart from his famous masterpiece Ballad of the Bastard Immortal , it seemed he no longer had any other wonderful works to offer.

Teacher Ding worked part-time at many schools and used the pitiful number of classes allotted to him to unearth kids with musical talent and potential.

He was very bitter, but unable to voice it aloud.

A while back, a variety show had invited him on as an honored guest. Then a bunch of people had surrounded him and began to take turns teasing him...

Some people said that Teacher Ding had once been at the forefront of pop music and used to know which way the wind blew in the industry. Now, after all these years, he was still part of the ranks, but lingered at the tail end. Also, he was unwilling to be left behind... because they had to carry him, the pop music scene in Huaxiu nation couldn't run forward even if it wanted to...

It was supposed to just be a little satirical. Teacher Ding knew that these words were only a joke because musicians were supposed to be entertainers, but after hearing this, he still felt sad in his heart.

It had to be mentioned that this "vicious" joke was what made him re-examine his own musical path.

Have I really... gotten old?

Teacher Ding had refused to accept that he was getting old and felt that he still had the same young mindset as children nowadays. However, whenever he met Headmaster Chen at the school, the latter would respectfully call him Old Ding... this truly suffocated his heart.

Most of the time, music composition was a matter of theme and creativity.

Back then, for the Ballad of the Bastard Immortal , Teacher Ding had fused R&B and showtune elements with a traditional melody and increased the tempo in the early stages of the song, and the drama chorus gave people a sense of exhilaration.

Of all the songs that he had composed over the years, the most well-known was this song, Ballad of the Bastard Immortal .

In addition, there were a few others that Wang Ling liked very much. For example, Immortal Asura , The Great Famine of Old and so on...

This was a talented person whom Wang Ling greatly admired.

As a composer, Teacher Ding tried his best to convey his ideas using the musical literacy that he had learned over the years so that he could pass them on to the current ranks of musicians... even in the Scientific Cultivation era, music remained very important and indispensable in shaping the heart and soul.

Teacher Ding felt that any existing musical genre would never be abandoned and would always have a loyal audience. However, to be a musician, one had to pour a lot of blood and sweat into their work. The path of music was not a jigsaw that could be put together, nor like a parrot could it rely on mimicry.

This was his music philosophy, which he always liked to espouse in class. At the same time, he utterly detested the phenomenon of plagiarism in the music industry. As someone who composed original music, he felt that he couldn't get old just yet and still had many duties to discharge...

...

The last class on Friday was Teacher Ding's music lesson. When he walked slowly into the classroom, it was completely quiet and no one spoke. The students in the Grade One elite stream respected this old artiste quite a bit.

Today, he was different than usual and seemed especially happy.

"Has Teacher Ding found new inspiration?" Sun Rong asked with a smile.

"That's right..."

Teacher Ding didn't deny it. "Soon, I will release a new song. I hope everyone will enjoy it."

When he said this, the whole class immediately exploded with noise.

"Wow! Teacher Ding is going to release a new song! What genre is it? Where did Teacher Ding's inspiration come from?"

It had already been a very long time since Teacher Ding had released a new song. The older one got, the more cautious they became; and he was no different. In his music lexicon, there was no such thing as shoddy compositions — he would be unfailingly and wholeheartedly devoted to any song that he created.

This most likely had to do with the moral integrity of the old generation of artistes.

Hearing the students' questions, Teacher Ding smiled. "It's a campus pop song, the inspiration for it... it's from all of you. You were the ones who inspired me!"

"Teacher Ding, don't be so secretive. Can you sing it for us?"

"If you want to hear it, of course that's not a problem. But I also have two small requests..."

Teacher Ding smiled faintly. "I don't know if all of you have been seriously practicing the guitar homework I gave you these last few days. I hope someone can volunteer to come forward and cover the guitar part. In addition, I hope a female student can join me in singing this song, since this is a male and female duet."

Before he finished speaking, Guo Hao slapped his thigh. "My god! Teacher Ding wants to exploit the Phoenix Legend 1 trend..."

1(Phoenix Legend was a well-known Chinese pop music duo made up of a female vocalist and a male rapper.) Wang Ling, Sun Rong, Chen Chao and Lin Xiaoyu: "..."

"Student Guo... please mind your behavior!"

After a long silence in the classroom, Sun Rong came forward first. "Teacher Ding, I'll sing. But the guitar... I'm not very good at it."

"Good! Thank you very much for your cooperation, Student Sun Rong! Then for the guitar part... I'll just get any of the male students to come up. If it's a male and female pair, it won't feel tiring!"

Teacher Ding glanced at the roll book and selected a name from the list. "Wang Ling... who is Student Wang Ling? Please come up!"

Wang Ling: "..."

He hadn't expected Teacher Ding to single him out.

He was used to staying low-key; he didn't like to put himself forward and liked showing off his abilities before people even less.

However, now that Teacher Ding had called his name, he felt that there wasn't really any reason for him to avoid it.

This was a teacher whom he respected very much, so he felt that he should give him face.

For the time being, he didn't have to worry about being unable to control his power, since he now bore a new Dao talisman seal invented by Wang Ming on his arm. The first three months after the new Dao talisman was put on was when it was at its strongest.

From his pocket, Wang Ling took out the practice guitar which the school issued to students and slowly walked up to the dais.

"Then, I'll impart the song's structure to you." Teacher Ding smiled gently. His hands emanated a spirit light which slowly seeped into Wang Ling and Sun Rong's minds to convey what they needed to know, from the lyrics, the melody and the musical arrangement to the voice and instrument techniques involved...

After about five minutes, it was done.

"Do you understand everything?" Teacher Ding asked.

Both Wang Ling and Sun Rong nodded.

"Then, let Student Wang Ling, Student Sun Rong and I sing this song The Helplessness of the Immortal King for everyone..."

After Teacher Ding finished speaking, Wang Ling strummed a key... the lively and fresh sound of the guitar was then accompanied by Teacher Ding's magnetic voice, like a poem carried on the wind that contained a special kind of charm which touched the audience listening.

...

Last night I cultivated until midnight again

Worrying about a trifle

The helplessness of the Immortal King~ who can see it clearly

Give me a catty 2 of levitation Dao talismans

2(One catty, or jin, is roughly equivalent to 500 or 600 grams.) Who will listen to tales of the past

Actually, my real wish~ is for world peace

...

Campus life is like duckweed

Drifting, drifting, meeting and parting

Chase the dream far ahead

Remember the little elves caught in childhood

Remember the awkward scenes of those years

...

Hold hands~ look up

I have seen the splendor of every year

...

Don't look back~ use the rhythm

Sing the song Ballad of the Bastard Immortal

Stride proudly ahead~ keep your head up

As long as I have you~

I won't be led astray...

...

Everyone was drawn into the song; they marveled at the sense of nostalgia contained in the lyrics, like vintage wine hidden away in the cellar, resplendent with charm.

In the deeply melodious and cheerful vocals, they heard a beautiful overture to youth...

The wheels of youth never stopped spinning...

A simple old guitar gently strummed out their salad days...

It sketched out old, dusty memories that might or might not have already disappeared...

The elites of Grade One Class Three couldn't help sighing with mixed emotions.

This song was the theme song of everyone's youth. Phoenix Legend was a well-known Chinese pop music duo made up of a female vocalist and a male rapper. One catty, or jin, is roughly equivalent to 500 or 600 grams.





Chapter 87 Forbidden to Keep Dogs


When the official bell for morning self-study rang, Teacher Pan stepped into the classroom on time as expected.

Su Xiao had already collected the homework, arranged them according to subject and placed them neatly on the lectern as he waited for her to inspect them.

As a teacher for so many years, Teacher Pan's eyes were like a scanner; she could look at any stack of homework placed anywhere and tell how much had been collected and how much was missing based on its thickness, even if it was just fifteen exam sheets.

Her gaze swept lightly over the homework on the lectern and she nodded with satisfaction. "Very good. I have repeatedly told the teachers in our office that the children in our class cadre are all very responsible. As your teacher, I feel very reassured in being able to give the responsibility of supervising studies over to Su Xiao! Since the start of semester, the homework collected has been complete and on time. I hope that the representative for each course can play a leading role and work hard at it."

Hearing Teacher Pan praise him, Su Xiao lowered his head and felt a little ashamed. "..."

As commissary in charge of studies, it was actually wrong to encourage students who hadn't finished their homework on time to copy it off someone else early in the morning. However, Su Xiao was deeply aware that just as there were rules one needed to follow to survive in society, so there were for school, like the fact that students who tattled to the teacher would be hated. He felt that he was trapped between a rock and a hard place, and had extremely mixed emotions in his heart.

How to remind students to finish their homework on time without ending up being hated was something he had been trying hard to figure out in his career as part of the class cadre.

It could only be said that the bricks on this broad road to society were made up of the skin on a person's face; compared with Guo Hao and Chen Chao, Su Xiao in the end still wasn't thick-skinned enough.

Even Teacher Pan couldn't have known that just a minute before she had stepped into the classroom, these two men had still been fighting ferociously on the homework-copying battlefield. But now in a one hundred and eighty degree turn, they were sitting obediently as if it had had nothing to do with them.

But sharp-eyed Teacher Pan still seemed to have noticed something as she suddenly looked strangely at Guo Hao. "Student Guo Hao, what's wrong with your nose?"

All the people in class turned their heads, then saw two red streams of blood flowing out of his nose...

Everyone was well aware of the reason... it was obvious that this was the consequence of using the Flow of Four Pens. This skill's difficulty level was still too high, and just the slightest overuse would cause the mucous membrane in the nose to puncture, hence resulting in this situation.

Guo Hao calmly took out a tissue to wipe at his nosebleed and looked plaintively at Teacher Pan. "Teacher, I missed a lot of homework because of the spirit sword exchange meet. This is probably due to internal injuries from several nights of revision in a row..."

Everyone: "..." Really have never seen such a shameless person before!

And the most miraculous thing was that Teacher Pan unexpectedly believed him!

"Everyone should learn from Student Guo Hao, this truly is a good comrade and a good example for our class!"

"..."

Sitting at the back, Wang Ling sighed with deep feeling in his heart that "trees would die without skin, and people without skin were without equal."

There were twelve lessons in the official textbook for the Dao talismans course and they were now already on the sixth lesson in the course. There were sixteen weeks in total in one semester; this was only the fourth week and Teacher Pan was already halfway through the lessons.

This was her personal, quick teaching style. Based on this rate of progress, she would be able to finish the whole textbook by the eighth week of semester. The rest of the time would be used to frantically review the content through copious amounts of learning exercises. Teacher Pan felt that this was the best way to consolidate the students' basic knowledge of the material.

In the past four weeks, her explanations had focused mainly on the classification of functions, basic application, basic drawing and the combined use of Dao talismans. The latter, taught in the fourth week, was one of the most difficult components of the course, since talisman runes could be broken down and assembled in a variety of ways.

According to Wang Ling's own understanding, it was a bit like factorization in mathematics.

Among these, the biggest pain in the ass were talisman application and calculation, which involved a lot of formulas, so memorization was the most important thing.

However, during the morning self-study period today, Teacher Pan unexpectedly didn't get them to work on memorizing formulas. Instead, she used this time to say two things.

"As you all know, we were very successful in the student exchange meet a few days ago. The five students we sent set a very fine example at Number 59 High School, and in the final spirit sword exchange meet, gained a hard-won victory for our Number 60 High School..."

As she said this, there were murmurs of discussion from the floor. Word of the string of glorious deeds which Wang Ling and the others had accomplished at Number 59 High School had already spread throughout Number 60 High School early on; in particular, everyone had seen the live broadcast of the final spirit sword exchange meet. It hadn't been fucking hard-won at all, and instead had been a completely one-sided match in their favor... Teacher Pan had phrased it that way simply for the sake of being modest.

"Our Number 60 High School has stood for one hundred years and has been striving hard toward becoming a key city high school. We have now finally gotten the opportunity, as this year, we have become a candidate toward becoming a key high school. Next week, Secretary Dakang of the Alliance of Ten Thousand Schools will send a working group to visit and tour our school. I hope that in the next few weeks, everyone will maintain their learning attitudes and a proper learning atmosphere as usual."

When Teacher Pan said this, most of the students in the class had already tacitly understood her meaning... obviously, there were hard times ahead. This kind of working group directly sent by the Education Department was no less powerful than the inspection division of the central government's Anti-Corruption Bureau.

"Recently, teachers in other classes have found that some students come to school to industriously copy homework..."

As Teacher Pan said this, Chen Chao and Guo Hao couldn't help pulling their necks back, inexplicably feeling a little cold.

"But I believe that the students in our elite class, especially under the leadership of the class cadre, will never engage in such an unhealthy practice!"

Wang Ling: "..."

"..." Su Xiao covered his face with both hands and again lowered his head in shame.

"Then, apart from the above matters, there is another more important issue."

Teacher Pan said, "We've heard that a leader from the working group was bitten by a dog as a child, and so is extremely afraid of dogs..."

Wang Ling could guess what she was going to say next. "So, Headmaster Chen and Director Shi approached me after some discussion. In order to cooperate with the work of the school, during the period that the working group will be visiting, is there a volunteer who can take in and care for Er Ha for a while?"

Everyone's expressions were a little sluggish. "..."

The hell?! So they were... forbidden to keep dogs 1 ?

1(The author used a wordplay on the word dog 狗 here, substituting it with the homophone 苟, which is one way online users get around censorship laws or sensitive topics which they are forbidden to discuss in China ..) Wang Ling could not help looking at Er Ha as this guy started to wag its tail excitedly from where it lay prone at the back of the classroom.





Chapter 88 Your Son Looks Just Like You


Wang Ling didn't think it was a good idea. It would have been fine if Er Ha was just an ordinary family dog, but it was in essence a demon king. Although its prowess was not what it used to be, it was still dangerous.

He could clearly sense that Er Ha's aura was a lot heavier than at the start of the semester, which was enough confirmation that it hadn't given up its toad life while it continued to struggle to get used to its current body. Besides that, it was also attempting to cultivate again.

It had been peaceful at Number 60 High School during the few days Wang Ling had been participating in the spirit sword exchange meet; Er Ha hadn't taken the opportunity to create mischief in his absence. From day to day in its life after rebirth, it learned to be a dog, allowed students to pinch its face and was molested by Er Dan the parrot.

Er Ha was actually very popular in Number 60 High School since a green akita was really eye-catching. Its reputation didn't stop at Grade One, Class Three, but had also spread to other classes. Every day, students from the neighboring classes and even seniors would come bearing food for Er Ha: dog biscuits, sauce bones, beef and so on...

During this time, Er Ha learned a lot of things. For example, it had become more proficient at barking, and even its posture as it gnawed on a sauce bone was a lot more dog-like than it used to be... looking at the situation from all these aspects, Er Ha appeared to be working hard to cast aside its former identity and to blend into the communal life at Number 60 High School as it strove toward becoming a dog god after rebirth.

But being able to gain other people's trust didn't mean it could also gain Wang Ling's trust. In his opinion, Er Ha still needed some training before it could become a truly loyal dog. No matter who brought it home, he was still worried.

The class discussed it animatedly. Apart from four students who said that they couldn't keep dogs at homes, the remaining eleven students in Grade One, Class Three all showed their keen desire to take in Er Ha.

According to Guo Hao, only someone who was a professional could keep a dog as a pet. Wang Ling certainly didn't doubt the professionalism of this masochist. If Er Ha was handed over into Guo Hao's care, Wang Ling would feel relatively reassured, since Er Dan the parrot wasn't an ordinary bird. It was a bird that could even train its owner, so he reckoned that Er Ha might find it very exciting if Guo Hao brought it home...

When it was time to make the final decision, Teacher Pan Shengcong realized that she had ultimately underestimated the weight of the position which Er Ha held in the students' hearts.

Seeing how heated the discussion in the class had become, she cleared her throat and said, "How about we let Er Ha decide?"

After all, it wasn't an ordinary dog, and this was the moment for it to demonstrate its intelligence.

Hearing Teacher Pan's words, Er Ha stood up excitedly.

After being stifled in school for so long, it finally had the opportunity to go out!

A lush world of temptation, adorable girls with plump boobs, and also fatter... flies! The flies in Number 60 High School were so skinny and tiny, and Er Ha had long wanted to look for more elsewhere!

But very quickly, the excitement on its face was snuffed out with one look from Wang Ling.

It had seen this look before.

Furthermore, it was a look that almost instantly evoked the innermost terror in Er Ha's soul.

This was the legendary Killer Eye from when Wang Ling had attended the placement meeting at the start of the semester...

At last, Er Ha dejectedly went to Wang Ling's feet, its ears drooping as it obediently lay down on the floor, not daring to resist or do anything rash at all.

Mm, very sensible...

Wang Ling nodded in satisfaction.

...

After school was over, Wang Ling found a quiet corner, directly picked Er Ha up in his arms, and in the blink of an eye, returned to the Wang family's small villa in the outskirts.

Er Ha was stunned! Bloody hell?! What was this? Instant transport? One of the Three Thousand Spells, the Great Instant Transport Spell?

As a reborn demon king, Er Ha still knew the basics. It was said that there were three thousand spells of immeasurable strength, and that each of these so-called Three Thousand Great Spells would lead to the final destination, the Heavenly Spell.

The ancient saying was that it would take one hundred years to fully comprehend one of the Three Thousand Great Spells, a thousand years to cultivate it and ten thousand years to reach the end of understanding.

A sixteen-year-old youngster was actually capable of using the Three Thousand Great Spells... Er Ha felt that its one thousand years of cultivation as a demon king were all just chopped liver.

There was probably no one else in the world who was more acquainted with the truth about Wang Ling and how fearsome he was than Er Ha, since it had personally experienced his prowess six years ago as a toad. At just ten years old, Wang Ling had killed it, an all-powerful, millennial demon king from the Gate Between Worlds, with just one punch. And six years later, he had clearly grown even stronger.

Er Ha couldn't help feeling a little dejected when it thought about this, even if it was a demon king. For the sake of its self-esteem, it had told itself repeatedly that it had to advance diligently and work hard; who knew, there might still be a chance for it to salvage its vitality... but in front of Wang Ling, it always felt powerless.

Even more appallingly, as it was being held by Wang Ling now, the thought "It's just better to obey..." had flashed through its mind.

Er Ha facepalmed, feeling that its integrity as a demon king had been completely annihilated.

When he opened the front door, Wang Ling found two unfamiliar men inside the house. Both of them wore suits and sunglasses, and one was carrying a suitcase. With one glance, Wang Ling saw into the suitcase and discovered that it was packed with wads of cash amounting to at least a million yuan.

Father Wang stood in the entrance hallway as he solemnly showed the two men in suits the door with an unsmiling face. "Goodbye, please see yourself out."

Looking at this scene, Wang Ling knew that negotiations were already over.

The two men in suits gave him a look. "This is...?"

"This is my son," Father Wang said.

"Your son looks just like you!"

Wang Ling: "..."

Hearing this, Father Wang's lips twitched abruptly. "..." Fuck, if he doesn't look like me this father, is he supposed to look like you?!

Wang Ling knew that the men in suits were blatantly trying to curry favor with him. Sure enough, one of the men in suits offered him his hand. "Hello, handsome young man, I'm from Landscape Manor."

Landscape Manor? After some careful recollection, Wang Ling suddenly remembered he had heard this name from somewhere; it seemed to show up often in TV ads, and appeared to... sell wine?

He was holding Er Ha so he had no hands free. Seeing this, the man awkwardly took back his hand and instead said, "It's like this, our Landscape Manor is very interested in the antique mask which Mr Wang bought not long ago and we are willing to purchase it at a high price. We are almost done with today's negotiations, and we came here in full sincerity..." At the word "sincerity," the man didn't forget to lift the suitcase. "I hope Mr Wang and his esteemed father will think it over. We'll call on you again in two days."

Then, the two men removed the shoe protectors on their leather shoes, bowed respectfully to Wang Jiao and Wang Ling, and turned away to leave the Wang family's small villa.

Out of the corner of his eye, Wang Ling gave their shoes a look... what the hell! The price of just one pair was enough for him to buy a full ten years' worth of crispy noodle snacks!





Chapter 89 A Target?


Father Wang knew of Er Ha's existence and also knew about Wang Ling bringing it home. Nowadays, communication and whatnot via WeChat was very convenient. At the start of the semester, the school had created a parents group, and Teacher Pan would post on matters big and small in it. After Er Ha had decided to follow Wang Ling home, Teacher Pan had straightaway sent Father Wang a message to let him know. Furthermore, she had repeatedly asked if Wang Ling needed to bring some dog food back, which had embarrassed Father Wang a little.

It should be noted that nowadays, whether it was cat food or dog food, they were all likely to be more expensive than human food. It wasn't a secret in Number 60 High School that Wang Ling's family wasn't well off. While Teacher Pan was asking Father Wang about the dog food, she was still planning to arrange a home visit.

Although she looked a little fierce and cold and didn't seem easygoing, Teacher Pan was still warmhearted. She felt that education was one thing, and the students' spiritual development another.

Teacher Pan felt that children who grew up in poor families would naturally feel a little inferior in their hearts. Combined with Wang Ling's taciturn image, she had always thought that he actually had an inferiority complex... she thus was very careful in school to not mention anything to do with family circumstances in front of Wang Ling in order to not hurt his self-esteem. In addition, she also frequently urged her students to not compare themselves with other people in anything else apart from their academic grades.

Generally speaking...

Wang Ling felt that Teacher Pan's misunderstanding of him was already too big to be washed away by Huangpu River 1 .

1(Huanngpu River is the largest river in Shanghai.) An inferiority complex or whatnot... didn't exist for him at all.

For the rest of his life, he would never forget going to the washroom with other guys for the first time and seeing the stupefied expressions on their faces when they saw his Tower of Babel 2 .

2(This is a euphemism for the penis..) To avoid making the other boys feel inferior...

All these years, Wang Ling had tried as much as possible to go to the washroom only when there was no one else around.

...

Wang Ling changed into his slippers and put Er Ha down on the floor, but it was as if this guy had turned to stone; without subsequent instruction from Wang Ling, this lord demon king didn't even dare to so much as move. It wasn't until Wang Ling gently kicked it in the butt that it came back to its senses and shook itself before obediently lying down at Father Wang's feet.

Father Wang had heard from Wang Ling about Er Ha's origin and knew that it used to be a demon king. He had thought it would be extremely feral, and hadn't expected that it would be so obedient in front of Wang Ling.

Huh... it looked like it had been trained well enough.

Father Wang nodded with satisfaction and stroked Er Ha's fur. At Number 60 High School, there were students who now and then would use purifying talismans to clean Er Ha, so its fur felt particularly soft. It felt very nice under Father Wang's hand ― the only thing wrong was that the color of its fur was a little strange.

"Why is this fur green?" Thinking it strange, Father Wang stroked Er Ha's fur and pinched its small, fat face as he asked the question.

Wang Ling didn't reply.

Father Wang quickly started to make up a scenario himself ― this was an occupational disease which all online writers shared.

He couldn't help but sigh in his heart; just by looking at the color of its fur, it wasn't difficult to guess that this was definitely a dog with a story. It must have experienced many emotional setbacks, right? Who would have thought that nowadays, it wasn't just difficult to be a person, it also wasn't easy to be a dog!

Wang Ling: "..."

At this point, Mother Wang and the old man were still busy in the kitchen. Usually he wouldn't allow anyone to help him when he was cooking. But after Lie Mengmeng's visit, the old man's psychological barriers had crumbled a little. In the end, he had decided to allow Mother Wang to help him, but mainly he wanted her to check whether he had added salt or not...

Generally speaking, the time just before dinner was usually when the Wang family's father and son had a heart-to-heart. However, the way they communicated was a little strange as Wang Ling never spoke throughout, and instead directly communicated with Father Wang through his thoughts.

Consequently, the scene this created looked a little strange.

This time, the matter that Father Wang wanted to talk about mainly had to do with the two men in suits.

Landscape Manor was a massive group on par with Huaguo Water Curtain Group. Among other things, it was famous for its wine trade. For hundreds of years, almost every TV station had been broadcasting the wine commercials which Landscape Manor had invested heavily in, and it was now a household name. Wang Ling remembered that when he had still been in his stroller, he had heard these ads over and over until his ears went rotten. However, only twenty percent of the Landscape Group's total annual profits in fact were from wine. The remaining eighty percent was from Landscape Manor's side business in antiques.

Of course, the vast majority of the common people were unaware of Landscape Manor's antiques business. Father Wang knew about it because of his occupation. Online writers were a mysterious group, usually staying home to type and seldom attending offline gatherings. But Father Wang had never missed a single online activity, which enabled him to encounter a lot of different types of people.

After all, most online writers didn't do it full-time and had other jobs. Through them, Father Wang could meet people from all walks of life and come to know and absorb different anecdotes... as well as gossip.

As for Landscape Manor's side business, Father Wang had heard of it from a writer who ran an antiques shop. Perhaps some parts were exaggerated, but he felt that seventy percent of what he had learned was credible.

Therefore, given the Wang family's philosophy of a low-key lifestyle, he felt that this was quite a serious matter. It really wasn't a good thing that they had come to the attention of such a giant company. At the very least, it had already caused a small bump in the Wang family's pace of life.

"I don't think I need to tell you how serious this is."

Wang Ling nodded and cupped his chin as he thought for a bit before he seemed to say something to his father. Father Wang's expression turned suspicious. "Are you sure there's nothing wrong with the mask? Don't tell me you can't ever be wrong? Have you considered that you might not be able to detect any special traits the mask might have through ordinary means?"

Father Wang's questions stumped Wang Ling. True, previously he had only tried wearing the stone ghost mask for a bit and hadn't proceeded with further testing. It was indeed a little early to rashly say there was nothing wrong with it.

Lying on the floor and wagging its tail, Er Ha goggled at this mystical father and son pair.

This was probably the loneliest communication between a father and son in all of history, with Father Wang's voice the only one that could be heard during this scene.

"Looking at the current situation, there's probably something off about this mask. Otherwise, this bunch of people wouldn't be so stupid as to offer two million to buy a mask that was bought off the internet for five yuan, don't you think?"

Wang Ling was lost in thought. "..."





Chapter 90 There Was a Girl, She Was a Little...


After discussion with Father Wang, Wang Ling became deeply aware of the threat that was Landscape Manor. Such a colossal group had unexpectedly fixed their attention on the Wang family — regardless of whether or not this deal went the way Landscape Manor wanted, things weren't likely to end well.

The information that Wang Ling had at present was actually quite limited. Although he now knew about Landscape Manor's side business in antiques from Father Wang, that was only scratching the surface.

He had heard the rumor about the curse of the stone ghost mask from the seller. If the rumor was true, then the mask would probably be an existence that people would avoid like the plague — no one would be foolish enough to invite disaster upon themselves by spending such a huge sum of money on a cursed mask.

Judging from all of this, there probably was something wrong with this mask. But the strangest thing was that Wang Ling hadn't noticed it at all!

At dinner, Wang Ling swallowed his rice somewhat listlessly as Father Wang's words repeated themselves over and over in his mind... Are you sure there's nothing wrong with the mask? Don't tell me you can't ever be wrong? Have you considered that you might not be able to detect any special traits the mask might have through ordinary means?

These three questions were a wake-up call for Wang Ling — although he felt that in a sense, he was an unrivalled existence in the world and could even be said to be almost omnipotent, in the end, to err is human and he could still make mistakes.

He was perhaps invincible in terms of his realm, but compared with those old cultivators who relied on their hard work to achieve their realms, he was far worse in terms of temperament and cultivation experience.

One should learn to be modest.

This was also what Father and Mother Wang had taught him since childhood.

The whole time he was eating, Wang Ling was thinking about the stone ghost mask and Landscape Manor, to the point that he appeared completely absent-minded. He took a lump of rice out of his bowl, then accidentally dropped it on the table.

Mother Wang looked at him and frowned. "Why is Ling Ling distracted at dinner today?"

The old man gazed at his grandson with a pained heart. "Is the food not to your taste? Do you... want to open a packet of crispy noodle snack?"

Father Wang's lips tilted upward slightly in a smile. "Both of you eat, leave him alone. I had a little chat with him earlier, he's likely thinking about it. Given Ling Ling's realm, it's fine even if he doesn't eat every day."

As Father Wang said this, Wang Ling suddenly thought of something, and with a " pa ," he straightaway slapped down his bowl and chopsticks, then hurried upstairs.

When Er Ha saw Wang Ling go upstairs, it hurriedly got up from the floor and rushed up after him.

The old man looked at Er Ha. "This dog is not bad; its face is a little fat, but there's no flab on its body. It looks quite powerful. Just don't know whether it's useful — can it scare villains away when it's watching the house?" The old man remembered that there was some kind of dog breed called doge 1 that had recently become popular with young people. The old man had always thought that it looked too cheap and happy to be able to scare people away at all.

1(Doge is an Internet meme that is primarily associated with images of Shiba Inus, photoshopped or otherwise, and captioned with internal monologue which is usually deliberately written in a form of broken English and uses multicolored text in Comic Sans font..) "This dog used to be a demon king, but Ling Ling has tamed it and it's now reformed."

"Oh... demon king! That's good! Enough of a deterrent! And this dog... somehow it looks a little familiar... it reminds me of quite a few things."

"Dad, have you seen Er Ha before?" Both Father and Mother Wang were startled.

"No, that's not it." The old man took a sip of white wine and shook his head. "When I had just started out as a chef, I took a fancy to a girl who had been studying to be a teacher at that time. In the end, before I could confess my feelings, she got a boyfriend. Later, I heard that her boyfriend had been dating twenty-three women at the same time."

Father Wang and Mother Wang took deep breaths. "..."

That... how to handle so many at one time?

The elderly man sighed. "That man was real trash. If that girl back then hadn't been so anxious, our paths might have crossed. I wanted to marry her at the time. But fortunately, I later met your mom, and she was very virtuous. Otherwise I might have still chased after that girl. If that had been the case, you wouldn't be here today."

Hearing this, Father Wang felt like crying, but had no tears to shed. "...Why are you suddenly saying this, dad?"

Whenever the old man came, Father and Mother Wang were usually very careful to not mention Wang Ling's grandmother, and didn't even dare say her name; they were afraid that it would grieve the old man if he heard it and aggravate his dementia. Who would have thought that he would bring her up himself today at dinner, which Father Wang felt was a little strange.

The old man paused at Father Wang's question for a while, then said, "Hm, nothing, just that when I looked at this green dog fur, I suddenly felt that the girl I liked also seemed very green 2 ..."

2(This is taken from the Chinese colloquial term 'to wear a green hat,' which implies that a person is being cheated on ..) Father Wang and Mother Wang: "..."

...

...

Wang Ling returned to his bedroom and picked up the stone ghost mask on the desk to scrutinize it carefully again. Unlike the simple test he had done previously, this time, he opened his Heavenly Eye. If there was something wrong with this mask, he believed that the Heavenly Eye's ability to disentangle the truth from lies would reveal the stone ghost mask's true nature.

But most unfortunately, despite Wang Ling gazing at the mask for a long time, it remained as inert as before.

However, through his inspection with the Heavenly Eye this time, he had obtained two bits of information.

The first piece of information was that, judging from the material alone, this really was just an extremely hard mask made from primordial black crystal. The Heavenly Eye's ability was to separate what was true from what was false, to see the nature of the real world. If the mask had been tampered with, there was no way he wouldn't be able to detect it. The problem was, this stone ghost mask really wasn't as simple as it seemed.

This was the conclusion Wang Ling came to after repeatedly confirming it with the Heavenly Eye.

Then, there was only one possibility that he could think of...

This stone ghost mask was a twin; there were two of them, one sent out as a cover while the stone ghost mask that had been cursed for real and tampered with had been secretly hidden somewhere else.

Simply put, one was in the light and one was in the dark.

If they were twin stone ghost masks, as long as one had been tampered with, then the other would also reflect the same curse effect. But if this was the case, the Heavenly Eye wouldn't be able to detect any problem with the mask that hadn't been tampered with.

This was a speculation Wang Ling had had at dinner, and it was a detail that he hadn't thought of before.

So the question now was where was the other stone ghost mask, the one with the curse?

Under normal circumstances, Wang Ling was completely capable of exerting the Heavenly Eye to trace the whereabouts of the stone ghost mask. Nowadays, twin magic weapons weren't as rare. Lin Xiaoyu's parent and child swords, for example, were actually also a kind of twin magic weapons. As long as he had one sword, in theory, Wang Ling could use the Heavenly Eye to trace the whereabouts of the other sword.

But his Heavenly Eye actually wasn't reacting at all!

This was very unusual...

But it was exactly this that gave Wang Ling his second piece of information.

And that was that the second stone ghost mask, the real, cursed one, simply didn't exist in the world that he lived in! It was very likely that it had been hidden in an alternate universe!





Chapter 91 The Proper Way to Open a Cultivation Group Chat


Now that he had a hypothesis, Wang Ling needed to validate it.

Despite being who he was, he had to admit that his omnipotence was only reflected in his ability to use all kinds of skills, large and small. In terms of experience, however, he was in the end still too young.

Cultivation encyclopedias, thousand-year-old cultivation epics, unsolved ten thousand-year-old cultivation mysteries and other literary works like these in the library... to supplement his lack of experience, Wang Ling had already memorized all of them at a very young age.

However, most of these works had been passed down orally before they were finally compiled for posterity, so he couldn't be sure whether many of these historical facts were authentic or not. When he encountered any difficulties, he would visit the cultivation discussion forum to look for guidance from the veteran seniors there.

At the age of six, he had been looking for a way to suppress his strength, so he had signed up for a cultivation forum account. There were many talented people in the forum and every day all kinds of cultivation gossip would be shared.

But Wang Ling seldom went online and most of the time he was a lurker. The online ID of the owner of the cultivation forum was "Lord Thunder," a rather mysterious rogue cultivator who frequently traveled around the world. Wang Ling felt a lot of resentment toward this "Lord Thunder" because back then, it was this guy who had conned him into joining the Seven Stars Cultivation Special Forces as a consultant!

Recently, in order to consolidate some old forum users' contacts and connections, Lord Thunder had specially set up a chat group in order to organize offline activities. And somehow, Wang Ling had been forcibly added to the owner's cultivation chat group...

He had initially just wanted to sneak into the forum and then anonymously create a post asking about the stone ghost mask. Who knew as soon as he went online, a chat window automatically popped up on the screen like those on porn websites —"User: Ling Zhenren 1 is now online."

1(Zhenren translates into "Perfected One" and is used to refer to a Daoist spiritual master.) Wang Ling knew it was already too late for him to log out — the chat group quickly exploded in pandemonium.

"Bloody hell?! Ling Zhenren? I didn't misread, right?! Isn't this the Ten Thousand Year King of Lurking?!"

"You didn't misread... it really is Ling Zhenren! The legendary grandmaster has finally come online! I'm so emotional!"

"Hahahaha! The online reminder function set by the owner is really awesome! Even the Ten Thousand Year King of Lurking Ling Zhenren fell into his trap!"

"..." Wang Ling looked at the IDs of these people; some were familiar to him and some not, but among them were many who had been involved in rescue operations during the demon rampage six years ago. And the female cultivator "Cailian Zhenren," who had squeezed Wang Ling to her ample bosom back then, was now the manager of this chat group.

However, Cailian Zhenren had utterly no idea of Wang Ling's real identity; in this group, the only person who had actually seen him was the owner Lord Thunder. Even then, what the latter knew about him was roughly the same as Old Li.

They all felt that Wang Ling was a thousand-year-old monster who just looked very young and who had disguised himself as a high school student in order to experience an incognito lifestyle...

Wang Ling was silent for a while, then finally typed four words. "Is forum owner here?"

Immortal Toya: "Ling Zhenren, it's better for you to call him group owner, that's what we're doing now. You haven't come online in such a long time, so you probably don't know how the forum operates now."

This Immortal Toya was also a senior in the group and was an alchemist. He would usually share gossip about refining pills in the forum and sometimes video the pill refinement process. Each time his furnace exploded, plenty of people would give him virtual gifts for it.

Cailian Zhenren sent a shrug emoji. "Then, let me explain it simply."

Wang Ling sent a question mark. "?"

It had indeed been a long time since he had logged onto the cultivation forum, but it hadn't slowed down to any sort of extent. So why did all these people seem so miserable?

Cailian Zhenren sent a string of sighing emojis. "It's not that the forum currently isn't doing well — in fact, it's very well-known... but once its reputation took off, those ignorant junior cultivators started to frequently put up flame posts. In a nutshell, the atmosphere isn't very harmonious."

"That's right!"

Immortal Toya also said, "Not long ago, a public flame post was put up in the forum by someone with the ID Xiao Clan Xiao Dingtian, requesting to break off an engagement with Nalan Xian. Scattering money in the tens of thousands, creating water armies 2 , filling the forum with scandal... what a foul atmosphere! Actually openly speaking about such a disgraceful matter, I'm understanding the youth nowadays less and less..."

2(In China, an Internet water army is a group of online users paid to post specific content online, usually with the aim of swaying public opinion a certain way.) When Wang Ling saw this, he basically understood the situation. The cultivation forum was not more than fifteen years old and had started to make its mark in the last few years, relying on its wealth of excellent cultivation content to attract large numbers of users. The problem with large numbers, however, was the spotty quality of users, causing the forum to become less harmonious than it used to be.

"It's just like Immortal Toya said. So we asked the owner to set up a chat group to bring together old forum users. The forum will deal with its own business over there and we'll do our own thing here. If you want to sum it up in one sentence: close the forum, protect intelligence!" Cailian Zhenren typed this string of words with righteous indignation.

"So from now on, if Ling Zhenren needs something, you can just direct it to this group, we are all on the same team here," someone with the ID Nine Times in One Night said.

Wang Ling didn't know this person; actually, there were many people that he didn't know. The total number of old users in this cultivation group chat was one hundred and eight and he really only knew a tenth of them.

Seeing no response from Wang Ling, Nine Times in One Night sent a fist salute emoji. "Nice to meet you, Senior Ling Zhenren! You can call me Nine Times Man! I've heard so much about senior. I joined the forum three years after you did, and in the seven years I've been here, I've learned a lot! I've always hoped for the opportunity to ask you for advice!"

"Nine Times Man, don't try to be funny. Senior Ling Zhenren is an existence that even the group owner has acknowledged is stronger than his. Even if you want to make jokes, there has to be a limit!" Bulang Blade Immortal laughed.

"I'm serious! What's so funny about the Sunflower Manual I'm cultivating from?" Nine Times Man sent an electrocuted emoji.

Wang Ling: "..."

Just then, someone with the ID Lightning Dharmaraja couldn't help but lecture Nine Times Man. "Nine Times Man, how many times have I told you, the martial arts of the Sunflower Manual were lost a long time ago — this book which you bought online is definitely a fake. If you cultivate fake arts and want to fight a duel with Ling Zhenren, he can just pluck one of his nose hairs and stab you to death with it!"

Wang Ling: "..."

Hearing the Sunflower Manual which he had purchased called into question, Nine Times Man was unconvinced. "What makes you say mine is fake?"

Lightning Dharmaraja sent a " hehe " emoji. "Do you dare read out the first line of its martial arts heart sutra?"

Bulang Blade Immortal: "I heard that the first line of the real Sunflower Manualis that if you want to practise this art, you must first castrate yourself... Nine Times Man, don't tell me you really..."

"Is that so? The first line of my Sunflower Manual is..."

Nine Times Man's eyes were already wet. "...Little Mother Sunflower's class has begun!"

Wang Ling, Cailian, Bulang Blade Immortal, Immortal Toya and Lightning Dharmaraja: "..." MDZZ 3 !

3(MDZZ is an acronym for the Chinese phrase ma de zhi zhang, 妈的智障, which translates to "fucking retarded .. ")





Chapter 92 Shock! The Real Reason for the Owner's Disappearance Is...


Wang Ling had always felt that Lord Thunder, the owner of the cultivation forum, was a mystical person. There were two impressions which the old members in the group had of this owner.

First, Lord Thunder, who traveled all year round, was not only knowledgeable, but also knew all kinds of funny anecdotes. As long as it was cultivation gossip, he would have almost all the details. Whose pill furnace exploded, whose mythical creature had gone missing, whose child fell into an underground cave while on holiday and found an ancient magic weapon... Lord Thunder could always turn all of these things into topics for idle conversation.

Second, Lord Thunder really loved to court disaster. He was a very nosy person and Wang Ling had always felt that he had a very strong sense of cultivation brotherhood; no matter how big or small a matter was, as long as someone asked him for help and could pay a corresponding fee, Lord Thunder would lend a hand. Wang Ling knew him to be a man full of justice. The incident that left the deepest impression on him was when Lord Thunder had once accepted one HNY from a little girl whose whole family had been murdered to ensure their silence — without hesitating to offend the wrong people, he had shown up at the door of the underground criminal element, knife in one hand and killed them all.

The reason Wang Ling was looking for Lord Thunder this time was actually to ask for any information he might have about the stone ghost mask. If one wanted to know any cultivation inside story, Lord Thunder was their best bet.

While the group was engaged in a lively chat, Cailian Zhenren suddenly said, "It's rare for Ling Zhenren to be online, but it just so happens that Lord Thunder isn't here at the moment."

Wang Ling was shocked. "..." Based on his understanding of this chatterbox who liked to post trivial things whenever he had the time, even if they had now switched to a chat group, for him to not show up a few days in a row was really abnormal.

Had he encountered some sort of trouble?

While Wang Ling pondered this in his heart, Nine Times Man sighed. "Group owner really hasn't been online for a long time, it's been about three or four days!"

Wang Ling was very clear on how strong Lord Thunder was; he was much stronger than Old Li, hence why he was able to travel around as he pleased. Besides, he also had an ancestral magic weapon, the "Skybomb Grenade"; its effect was five hundred times far more powerful than that of a flashbomb and also had a stun effect. Even if Lord Thunder's strength was flagging, he would always have a way to "throw a grenade" to ensure that he could escape successfully.

"Does anyone have any information?" Cailian Zhenren asked in the group.

She clearly knew that Ling Zhenren wouldn't have shown up if it wasn't urgent. But it had now been several days that the whereabouts of the group owner Lord Thunder was unaccounted for and she was a little worried.

Immortal Toya pondered for a moment, then replied, "Does anyone remember the last message sent by Lord Thunder?"

Bulang Blade Immortal: "Senior Immortal said that one of his brother-in-arms had a lab which had suddenly been destroyed and he had also lost his memory, so he can't remember who on earth had done it. So Senior Immortal said he wanted to get justice for his brother, but until now there hasn't been any more news."

"..." Wang Ling felt this seemed familiar somehow.

Before he could digest this information, Bulang Blade Immortal said again, "This is actually very embarrassing. This Senior Immortal's brother actually deals in cyberintelligence."

"Hacker?" asked Lightning Dharmaraja.

Lightning Dharmaraja had always had an unusual interest in people's online habits. Over the years, he had used his own lightning energy to cure many degenerate youngsters who had been addicted to online games. Furthermore, every one of them ended up being promoted from worthless losers to the Foundation Establishment stage. It was said that this was all due to Lightning Dharmaraja shocking them into it.

"That's right." Bulang Blade Immortal nodded. "Lord Thunder's hacker brother seemed to have been investigating some old senior. Then that person single-handedly destroyed the lab. It's said a cannon was also destroyed, I think it was called... Armstrong Cyclone Jet Armstrong Cannon?"

Looking at the chat window, Wang Ling facepalmed and was completely silent. "..."

Bulang Blade Immortal seemed to have special knowledge of this matter as he continued talking. "This big cannon is amazing, it's said that Lord Thunder invented it in order to destroy the headquarters of the fake milk powder crime ring."

"Fake milk powder?" Just then, Cailian Zhenren also remembered something. "I heard from Lord Thunder before about a criminal gang that specializes in selling fake milk powder. This group scams those in the general population that can't cultivate by saying that after babies drink their milk powder, they can be promoted directly to the Foundation Establishment stage. The cultivation police department issued a national orange order for their arrest not long ago."

The full name of this fake milk powder group was Saint Cavalry and its members were called the Saint Milk Powder gang. Wang Ling had recently heard a lot about it on the way to school.

Although Saint Cavalry wasn't strong overall, what was frightening about them was the fervor of their milk powder pyramid scheme; they had only appeared for just three months, but their member numbers and scale of development had already surpassed many criminal organizations which had taken years or even decades to set up. Apart from Shadow Stream, they were the only other criminal organization which the cultivation police department had felt compelled to issue an arrest warrant for, which was enough to show how serious the country was about this issue.

Furthermore, many people believed that if their activities weren't effectively suppressed, the orange order would very likely be upgraded to a red order, the same as for Shadow Stream.

It should be pointed out that if the people who had been cheated into buying the fake milk powder linked hands... they could fucking encircle the earth twice over!

Listening to the group conversation, Wang Ling was lost in deep thought. He admitted that he had gone a little overboard; Uncle Black had only been doing the Zhuo family a favor in return for what they had done for him and hadn't had any malicious intentions. Instead, Wang Ling had messed up his lab and had now given criminals a chance to wreak havoc.

He sighed in his heart. Later on, he would have to think of a way to make it up to Lord Thunder and that Little Black.

Directly apologize? No way...

Given the current buzz around the fake milk powder scandal, people in the group were naturally starting to worry about Lord Thunder's safety since he had already disappeared for a few days.

"Do you think it's possible that group owner has been kidnapped by this Saint Milk Powder gang? Pyramid schemes nowadays are crazy!" Nine Times Man threw out his speculation.

"If so, the situation is very dangerous."

Immortal Toya said, "I suggest waiting a while longer — if Lord Thunder still isn't online after twenty-four hours, we'll dial 110!"

Cailian Zhenren also agreed. "Yes! If there's a problem, look for group owner; if group owner has a problem, look for the police! No problem!"

Just as everyone was discussing this, the group chat window shook —"Group Owner: Lord Thunder is now online"!

"Bloody hell?! Online? I didn't misread that, right?" Nine Times Man sent a surprised Tuzki 1 emoji.

1(Tuzki is a popular bunny emoticon character widely used in various messaging app platforms ..) "It really is Lord Thunder!"

"Lord Thunder, you've been offline for several days, the group was discussing whether or not you had been kidnapped by an underground organization," said Bulang Blade Immortal.

Everyone quietly waited for Lord Thunder's reply.

A moment later, the group exploded with a foul-mouthed voice message which Lord Thunder had tossed out. "Fuck! You don't know how badly destroyed my brother's lab is! This isn't even the most irritating thing! It was bad enough the asshole who did it destroyed the equipment, but even the WIFI didn't escape damage! There was no signal at all over there! No WIFI! Bloody fuck!"

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 93 Can the Group Chat Still Be So High Without Wifi?


Early mornings, blackouts, dieting, WIFI outage... these were the four great tortures for modern man that applied to ordinary people and to modern cultivators alike.

After Lord Thunder returned to the chat group, someone in the cultivation forum instantly stirred things up with a new post, purely as a joke — " Shock! Cultivation chat group owner Lord Thunder has reappeared after a few days' absence; it was revealed the reason for it was... no WIFI?!"

Life without WIFI had made this owner of the cultivation chat group exceptionally angry, and he publicly declared in the group that if he caught the guy who had destroyed the lab, he would remove that guy's Tower of Babel and pull out the bricks one by one...

Hence, after Lord Thunder's thunderous roar, Wang Ling silently logged out...

He decided to properly sort out the questions he wanted to ask about the stone ghost mask first and then look for Lord Thunder after the latter had calmed down a little. Otherwise, given the other man's current state, Wang Ling felt that if this guy knew the truth, there was a high possibility he would throw a grenade directly at the Wang family's small villa.

The chessboard hidden behind the stone ghost mask was very large, so Wang Ling felt that it was necessary for him to take things slow, as the slightest carelessness might cause an irreparable mistake.

...

After dinner, Lie Mengmeng showed up a little after eight o'clock.

The Wang family had a habit of not closing the front door while they had dinner. Lie Mengmeng, who didn't consider himself an outsider, took off his shoes and put on the flip-flops that Father Wang had specially prepared for visitors by the door.

When Lie Mengmeng entered the house, Mother Wang was washing the dishes in the kitchen and Father Wang and the old man were on the sofa watching the news, which was currently broadcasting the latest hot topic in Huaxiu nation, "One Belt, One Road." The old man was getting along in years and his hearing was a little bad; the TV's volume was very loud and he didn't notice Lie Mengmeng at the door. It was Father Wang who heard a small sound and turned his head slightly to see him.

Father Wang gestured at Lie Mengmeng, pointing upstairs. Instantly understanding his meaning, Lie Mengmeng went to the study on the second floor to wait for him.

Father Wang knew this probably had to do with Professor Jiang's psychological diagnosis. Grandfather Wang would be nervous to hear it, so Father Wang intended to listen to what Lie Mengmeng had to say first.

After closing the chat group window, Wang Ling saw Lie Mengmeng and Father Wang go into the study one after another, and the two of them began talking about the "Zeigarnik effect."

The Zeigarnik effect was a phenomenon where people easily forgot completed or resolved tasks very easily, but would always remember unfinished or interrupted tasks.

This topic had first emerged in a research report on the psychology of love which Professor Jiang had written when he was a student. The title of the report was "Why People Never Forget Their First Love."

When Lie Mengmeng entered the study, he kept Father Wang guessing at first by throwing Professor Jiang's thesis at him. After Father Wang had carefully finished reading it, he was still puzzled. "What does it mean? What does it have to do with my dad's dementia?"

"Teacher Jiang thinks that while a small part of the old man's illness is due to age, it's largely a psychological problem. His assessment is similar to what we had previously assumed," Lie Mengmeng replied.

"To put it simply, Brother Situ, your mother was very important to the old man, who had wanted to grow old with her. Very unfortunately, his wish couldn't be fulfilled and so he suffered a shock. This is a type of regret over unfinished matters and is also the Zeigarnik effect we were just talking about..."

Listening to them in the study, Wang Ling was stupefied; it was the first time that he truly realized how amazing Lie Mengmeng must have been in his psychology research studies. He had heard of Professor Jiang, full name Jiang Li, before. Renowned as the Mind Emperor, the professor had students practically everywhere. Currently, more than seventy percent of counseling psychologists in schools could more or less trace a connection back to him at the top of the hierarchy. Whenever they saw Professor Jiang outside, they would call him Grandmaster.

In contrast to these people, Lie Mengmeng was actually even more amazing, because he had been a direct student of Professor Jiang and had personally received learning instructions from him!

Given Lie Mengmeng's genius, it was highly possible he could have become the next Professor Jiang in the field of psychology if he hadn't felt like he couldn't make a living from it. Otherwise, there was no way he would have received a reply from Professor Jiang so soon, which proved that the professor still couldn't forget this student of his even after so many years.

However, it was very unfortunate that in this era, it was useless to be gifted in just academic studies as one had to be gifted in cultivation too. Professor Jiang wasn't just deeply versed in psychology, he was also a first-class cultivation expert and thus was very well-known.

Wang Ling honestly felt it was a real pity for Lie Mengmeng. The need to be gifted in cultivation was really a sore point. And the legend that eating a Foundation Establishment pill would enable even an ordinary person to instantly reach the Foundation Establishment stage... such a thing didn't exist at all!

Of course, Lie Mengmeng was not the only such case in current society where a lack of cultivation talent meant that there was a limit to what one could do, and those who couldn't do the work they loved had to find something else. After all, not everyone could be like Wang Ming, who couldn't cultivate but had received from god a brain so powerful it could even terrify the government.

"So, Near Expert, your meaning is...?"

"No, no, no, this is just a thought Professor Jiang had. I'm just passing the message on for him," Lie Mengmeng said with a serious expression. "The best solution right now is to fight poison with poison. Have the old man properly resolve his feelings in order to make up for this psychological trauma. This is called the substitution effect in psychology. However, this approach isn't one hundred percent foolproof."

Father Wang was silent for a second, then asked, "Then what, specifically, do we need to do?"

"It's very simple; did the old man have... a first love? If at this time, he is able to see his first love, the substitution effect may work. Even if his unique brand of dementia can't be fully cured, I think making up for his psychological trauma will nevertheless alleviate it significantly."

First... love?

After hearing this, Father Wang thought for a few seconds, then suddenly remembered the "slightly green" girl the old man had mentioned previously. "...I heard my dad talking about a girl before. It was someone he had liked when he was a young chef, but I don't know whether she was his first love or not."

"That's it!" Lie Mengmeng snapped his fingers with a " pa .""The old man's dementia can flare up anytime, and if he can still remember that girl under those circumstances, that's enough to prove that he has a deep fixation with her. Surely she was his first love!"

"Oh! Then what we have to do now is to think of a way to find this slightly green girl, then get her to meet the old man?" asked Father Wang.

Lie Mengmeng nodded. "Exactly!"

Realization suddenly dawned on Father Wang.

He then looked in the direction of Wang Ling's room and gestured encouragingly. "Go, Ling Ling! Whether grandpa can be cured or not now depends on you!"

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 94 The Most Horrifying Thing


After Lie Mengmeng left, Father Wang rummaged around in the store room at home and found a vintage rosewood box. This was a burial object which the old man had prepared for himself in advance and which he had asked Father Wang to bury with him once his time was up.

Father Wang knew that the box contained a lot of the old man's secrets. After the latter had started suffering from dementia, he had left the rosewood box with Father Wang in case he forgot about it one day, with repeated warnings to not open it. But now, for the sake of curing the old man's dementia, Father Wang really had no other choice.

"You, like a drop of rain, nourish my heart; you, like a rainbow, capture my gaze; you, like a bright moon, seep radiantly into my heart, like a torrential stream that falls into a beautiful waterfall; I wish to take your hand, to run and jump beneath the setting sun, to execute a graceful bicycle kick.

"Ah~ I like you. I like your cool attitude toward my small tricks; I like how quickly you speak; when I go shopping for clothes with you, I like it when you act small and confused. Crossing the road hand in hand with you, we don't have to go too far, since our next stop is happiness."

In the study, Father Wang read this love letter aloud. The old man had written this on a sheet of oil paper in his youth; the immature handwriting could only just be made out on it.

Both Father Wang and Wang Ling shuddered in unison, and even Er Ha's fur stood on end... fuck, this type of love letter, which mixed together sentences from the compositions of primary school students and popular song lyrics — could someone really confess with this?!

Er Ha sincerely doubted how effective this love letter could have been.

Father Wang pointed at the stack of letters inside the box. Every single one of them had been penned by the old man in a variety of styles. Everyone knew that in his youth, the old man had been a patron saint of love whose history of love affairs was much richer than Father Wang's. Moreover, the old man was good at matching the solution to the problem, and would change his writing style in his love letters according to his lovers' personalities and tastes.

After going through several letters, Father Wang had finally found this letter to first love written in a fresh, literary style.

Apart from it, there were letters in a demure and nostalgic style, such as:

"You are the white clouds and I am the black dirt. Whether you are seventy-one years old or I'm seventy-five years old... I will take your hand and grow old with you. When I'm old, I will still board your worn ship with my old boat ticket..."

There were letters in a nerdish style, such as:

"I will forever be, the lonely square root of three 1 . The three is as beautiful a number as can be. But under the ugly square root sign, how I wish I were a nine. For with a little arithmetic, nine could thwart this evil trick. But if this square root sign were you, I would agree to be a two, so that you could divide me endlessly..."

1(This is adapted from a poem written by computer science teacher David Feinberg. The square room of three is an irrational number, and the poem ponders on loneliness by using irrational numbers as a framework ..) Finally, there were letters in a flirtatious and forceful style, such as:

"I hope one day, you can teach me a lesson on my round bottom with your gentle hands; I hope you can kiss my red-hot biceps with your sexy red lips..."

...

After reading these love letters, Father Wang finally understood why the old man had already sorted out his burial object and solemnly told him not to open it. After all, these things were really shameful. The old man could never have imagined that before his dark history could be buried with him, it would be uncovered and read one by one by his son and grandson.

Closing the box, Father Wang passed the letter to first love to Wang Ling. "Is there a way to track down your grandfather's first love?"

Wang Ling frowned with some hesitation.

Currently, the only people who had touched this letter were Wang Ling himself, Father Wang, the old man and that slightly green girl.

Out of the Three Thousand Great Spells, the Great Recollection Spell could use an object to track down the location of an individual who had touched it before. But it had two conditions. First, the person who touched it must still be alive. Second, Wang Ling must have seen the person before.

Putting the first condition aside, the second one was a big problem. If this was a normal situation, Wang Ling could definitely use his memory retrieval ability to search the old man's memory for the slightly green girl's features, and in reverse order, track her down to her current location.

But the old man's memory was now muddled by his dementia. If Wang Ling used the memory retrieval skill, he would only see something similar to the white noise on TV. And even if he pushed forward searching for clues, after so many years, no one could say for sure how much of that "slightly green" girl was left in the old man's memory. Conversely, there was the risk that it could aggravate his dementia.

Father Wang again thrust the letter under Wang Ling's nose. "How about sniffing it out? Most likely some of that slightly green girl's scent is still on the letter."

Wang Ling: "..." There is an actual fucking dog here, why the hell are you asking me to do the sniffing?!

The corners of Wang Ling's mouth twitched, but because he was afraid that Father Wang would unfairly dock his pocket money again, he stifled the urge to argue with him. Instead, he dodged the letter so that it got passed to Er Ha. Given the current situation, he could only rely on this guy. After all, Er Ha had been learning to be a dog for so long and Wang Ling felt it was now necessary to test the results of its training.

Previously, when it had still been a toad, it had practiced mouth techniques, and was best at tongue skills.

Now that it had turned into a dog, Er Ha's cultivation path had naturally changed.

Everyone knew that a dog's nose was very sharp. As a demon king, Er Ha was trying hard to adapt to its current body.

When Wang Ling passed it the letter, Er Ha sniffed it carefully, and suddenly felt that the scent on it seemed familiar somehow.

Was there really a result already?

Too amazing!

Seeing Er Ha's reaction, Father Wang felt sincerely moved in his heart.

Although Er Ha understood human language, this current body was still a hindrance in the end, and it hadn't yet cultivated to the point that it could speak. Everything had to go through Wang Ling's Mind-Reading Ability before Wang Ling could pass word on to Father Wang. After he had heard Er Ha's reply, slight surprise flashed across Wang Ling's face.

Father Wang's eyebrow twitched involuntarily as he looked at Wang Ling. "You're saying... Er Ha said that it's smelled the scent on the letter before at Number 60 High School?"

Wang Ling nodded, and Father Wang's expression cleared as he instantly slapped his hands together. "Your grandfather did mention, back then, that girl graduated with a teaching major. True, there's a real chance she has continued teaching in school! But who on earth is that female teacher?"

Father Wang's curiosity had been completely aroused.

His family's old man had a first love who unexpectedly turned out to be a teacher at his son's school?

To be able to catch the old man's eye, the girl must have been an enchanting beauty when she was young! Furthermore, from the fresh, literary style in that letter to first love, Father Wang could almost immediately picture a pure and lovely maiden with long and elegant hair in his mind... even if she was old now, she still at least had to be an attractive existence for her age!

But this was just Father Wang's assumption. Wang Ling had seen almost all the teachers at Number 60 High School; if you were looking for a mature, attractive person...

Wang Ling felt that Lao Gudong could be counted as one... as for other people...

He shuddered in spite of himself, and didn't dare to continue this line of thinking.

No matter how he thought about it, it made him feel indescribably flustered.

...

It was late at night. Under the cover of darkness, Wang Ling instantly teleported to Number 60 High School with Er Ha. Following its lead, he drew up in front of the door to one of the teachers' offices, which was for teachers of the elite classes. Wang Ling had seen most of them; there were many female teachers, but as for those who were mature and attractive... he blanked on who it could be.

Then he instantly teleported inside the office with Er Ha. Huddled in Wang Ling's clothes, it lifted its nose and sniffed...

It was over there...

It directed Wang Ling toward an office desk.

Right after that, Wang Ling felt like he had encountered the most horrifying thing ever in his life so far.

Because this office desk... actually fucking belonged to Teacher Pan!





Chapter 95 It's an Unnatural Morning


Wang Ling used the Space Sketching Skill to draw Teacher Pan's image on paper. The last time he had used this skill was when he had asked Zheng Tan to look for Wang Ming. He hadn't expected that this time he would be drawing his own teacher-in-charge!

Gazing at Wang Ling's sketch, Father Wang pushed his black-rimmed glasses up and was lost in an enigmatic silence. "..."

The woman in the drawing was a long-term office worker who was fairly chubby since she sat down most of the time. Although it wasn't to the point of having a bucket waist 1 yet, it was apparent that there was already a floater ring around her belly. There were streaks of grey hair in her flyaway ponytail, and age had added quite a number of wrinkles to her face. No matter how hard Father Wang tried, he couldn't match Teacher Pan with the image of that youthful girl in his mind...

1(A "bucket waist" figure is a body that is basically one wide trunk from top to bottom.) "Are you sure... your teacher-in-charge, Teacher Pan, is that slightly green girl?"

Wang Ling kicked Er Ha in its furry butt, and it let out an aggrieved woof.

Ss ! —

Father Wang couldn't help drawing in a sharp breath... this really was a fucking huge shock!

It was the middle of the night; Mother Wang was upstairs putting on a face mask while the old man had already fallen asleep much earlier on. The Wang family's father and son couldn't stop sighing as they leaned lifelessly against the sofa in the study and stared at the drawing of Teacher Pan.

The most troublesome thing wasn't that Teacher Pan was Grandfather Wang's first love, but that now, Wang Ling had to find a way to arrange for the two of them to meet. This was the trickiest part!

Completely overwhelmed by this matter, Father Wang didn't even have the mood to type and just wanted to calm down... after placing the picture on top of the table, he went upstairs to sleep.

Back in his small bedroom, Wang Ling didn't sleep a wink the whole night as he tried in vain to think of a way for the old man and Teacher Pan to meet by chance perfectly without making it seem too abrupt after so many years.

This was a real pain in the ass...

Early the next morning, it was almost dawn when Wang Ling left home. Once again, the old man sat by the front door, basking in the sun.

This time, the old man had put two cold dishes in Wang Ling's lunchbox. One was black fungus and cucumber salad, the other fuqi feipian 2 .

2(This is a Szechuan dish made from sliced beef and beef offal, and translates to "husband and wife lung pieces.") Wang Ling was taken aback. "..." Somehow, he felt that there was some meaning behind these two dishes.

As he stretched out his hand to take the lunchbox, the old man pulled him in. "Ling Ling, I dreamt of your grandmother again..."

Wang Ling was silent.

"She'd become young again, as pretty as before..." The old man grinned happily. "The day she passed away, I held her in my arms and she whispered to me that in our next lives, we... we would be married again."

Saying this, the old man's eyes watered a little, though he tried to hold the tears back. "She told me in my dream that she wanted to eat my cold dishes... these two dishes, Ling Ling, please help me burn 3 them for her!"

3(In Chinese-Daoist tradition, family members burn joss paper as "ghost money" for those who have died to use in the afterlife.) Wang Ling: "..." In the end, these weren't made for me?!

...

Today at school, the atmosphere in every class was unusually harmonious, since Secretary Dakang had sent over an inspection team. The act of copying homework had dwindled significantly in each class. As Wang Ling stepped into the teaching building, he caught sight of a young man with a blue ribbon around his arm walking through the corridor and inspecting each class to check if anyone was breaking this rule.

Wang Ling had heard of this young man; he was called Yu Heng, a Grade Three senior at Number 60 High School. He was also the current group (clan) leader of the inspection group of the Student Union of Number 60 High School, and had been given the nickname "Clan Leader Yu"!

The thing about him was that he was very experienced and sophisticated in his duties. There would always be students breaking the rules in school early in the morning, but as long as Clan Leader Yu didn't catch them at it, he wouldn't bother exposing them; since he would be graduating soon, there was no point in offending people needlessly. Additionally, he also didn't have a habit of doing repeat inspections. He would do a casual sweep of each class as he walked by and consider his duty done. The reason was simple — as a graduating student of Senior Grade Three, he hadn't finished his own damn homework yet! When did he have extra time to do inspections?!

But he had no choice, since in many cases, school leaders just liked to create meaningless regulations. He didn't believe that nobody copied homework in those key city high schools... of course, this didn't mean that he encouraged this type of behavior.

This was the so-called "what is rational is real, and what is real is rational"...

Clan Leader Yu felt that it was understandable for students to copy homework once or twice if they were unable to finish it on time due to some unpredictable factors.

When Wang Ling arrived at class, he saw Clan Leader Yu step into Grade One, Class Three. Clan Leader Yu swept his gaze lazily around the class and asked a little tiredly, "Who is your commissary in charge of studies?"

Su Xiao stood up and raised his hand.

"I am..."

Su Xiao wasn't tall, and looked like a primary school student in front of Yu Heng. He lowered his head and blinked. "Senior Yu, don't worry, our class is very serious! We definitely... don't have anyone who copies homework here."

Yu Heng's dead fish eyes rested on Su Xiao for a while. With one glance he could tell that this wooden and adorable junior brother was lying. His tells were: wavering speech, shifty eyes, unnatural hand and feet movements... also, what the hell was with this mysterious blush?!

But since nobody had indeed been caught red-handed copying homework, Yu Heng didn't bother to make a fuss. "Well, today's inspection ends here." Upon saying this, he even patted Su Xiao on the head, exclaiming in his heart that this lad had a bright future.

Whether it was in primary school, junior high school or senior high school, Grade One students were always the most cautious and timid; after committing even the smallest misdeed, they would be deathly afraid of being caught, and so were on edge the whole time. As an old driver 4 who had been studying at Number 60 High School for three years, Clan Leader Yu had seen into Su Xiao's heart with one glance. But all these didn't matter, since he reckoned that before long, Su Xiao would become an old pro at this.

4(In Chinese netspeak, an "old driver" is someone who is very experienced in a particular field and very familiar with all aspects of it.) When Wang Ling got to his seat, Clan Leader Yu had already swiftly finished his inspection and was ready to leave. Just as he stepped out of Grade One, Class Three, Guo Hao cried out, "Don't worry, Clan Leader Yu, we outstanding youngsters uphold the three values and have resolved to never copy homework!" After saying these words, Guo Hao felt the red neckscarf 5 hidden at the bottom of his heart glow even brighter.

5(The red scarf is the uniform item of the Young Pioneers, a mass youth organization in China which comes under the communist party ..) Su Xiao covered his face a little ashamedly. "Classmate Guo, your, your nose..."

Guo Hao rubbed his nose and unexpectedly discovered that it was bleeding. "Ah, I must be too excited! Yep, that has to be it! The righteousness inside my heart is telling me that copying homework is a very evil deed!"

Wang Ling fixed his eyes on Guo Hao. "..." This guy had definitely used the Four Pens Technique to copy homework!

After that, Guo Hao returned to his seat. But as soon as his butt touched the chair, he immediately stood up as if he had been electrocuted.

Wang Ling then heard Guo Hao sigh, " Ai , my ass hurts... I shouldn't have used the Five Pens Technique..."

Wang Ling: "..." What weird shit did you fucking get up to this morning?!





Chapter 96 Lao Gudong's Time for Gossip


It was May 19th, the fourth Tuesday after the start of semester, and time for Lao Gudong's familiar history class.

Outside the door, students saw a fatty with a tough, stocky build walk step by step toward the classroom before climbing onto the dais in Grade One, Class One on the dot.

Lao Gudong seldom brought a textbook with him to class, since the test points in it were already etched in his mind.

Wang Ling thought that in some sense, it was very hard to not use a textbook and at the same time still make the class an enjoyable experience for everyone. In the whole of Number 60 High School, Lao Gudong was really an excellent example of this teaching model. Furthermore, this method of teaching without a textbook in fact really tested a teacher's capability.

One weekend and one Monday had passed since the exchange meet. In a short three days, Lao Gudong's figure seemed to have expanded tremendously... the love affair between Lao Gudong and Director Xie of Number 59 High School was no longer a secret. Wang Ling knew that Lao Gudong's way of showing his love would definitely be to take Director Xie out to eat, eat and eat.

Wang Ling thought that it wasn't just Lao Gudong, but Director Xie must also be fatter than what she used to be...

"Recently a lot of things have happened. I wonder if everyone has heard of an organization called Saint Cavalry?"

When Lao Gudong said this, discussion in the class clearly started to heat up. Obviously, after being exposed by the media, this fake milk powder pyramid scheme had aroused widespread public concern in the community.

Lao Gudong's hand glowed with spirit light before he placed a tin can on the table. "I bought this can of fake milk powder directly from a Saint Milk Powder. At that time, he strongly recommended that I become a agent for them."

"Teacher, then what happened next?" Lin Xiaoyu asked curiously.

"Then, I persuaded him to give me this milk powder without me having to pay a single cent... after that Saint Milk Powder was done listening to my lecture, he made up his mind to sincerely repent and become a new person!"

Upon saying this, many students burst into laughter as they thought Lao Gudong was talking big as usual. Only Sun Rong and Wang Ling's hearts skipped a beat... back then, when he had said he could shoot someone dead with a piece of chalk, a lot of people had taken it as a joke, but in the end, he really had shot someone dead with one.

Thus, it was obvious that this incident very likely did happen...

There clearly was another reason for Lao Gudong to begin class this time with the matter of Saint Calvary peddling fake milk powder. After the lesson on "Reruns and the Evolution of Ancient TV Shows in HuaXiu Nation,""A Modern History of Huaxiu Nation" was the most important component of the theory of history class, which Lao Gudong would definitely test them on in the midterm and final exams since it covered a wide range of topics.

He had used the matter of Saint Cavalry selling fake milk powder as a vivid introduction in order to capture the students' interest.

When the class began to calm down, everyone knew that the real event was about to start...

"With regard to the modern history of Huaxiu nation, we should start with the First Gua Pi 1 War, which was a catastrophic and shameful part of our national history." Lao Gudong couldn't help heaving a sigh when he defined it in such a way. "Back then, in order to defend against the army led by Devil Emperor Gua Pi, countless senior cultivators of Huaxiu nation sacrificed their lives... perhaps some students are puzzling over what gua pi means here. Let me explain, melon rind is actually a type of drug. Long ago, people would usually mash it and roll it into a cigarette. Once you took a puff, you wouldn't be able to resist taking a second one, and the more you puffed, the lower your intelligence became."

1(Gua pi translates into "melon rind" or "melon peel." It is also used variously to call someone stupid or a dunce, and among close friends, can be used as an affectionate nickname ..) Everyone: "..."

"The most critical thing was that once you puffed on melon rind, you'd become addicted to it."

Everyone: "..."

Lao Gudong smiled. "Back then, the Gua Pi Army formed very quickly, much like the current Saint Cavalry. This is why the current government is concerned about Saint Cavalry, as they are worried that it'll follow the Gua Pi Army's disastrous policy. Although it's been proven that the substances contained in the fake milk powder are harmless to the human body, this is still vile behavior that is an attack on the national economy."

Everyone couldn't help nodding; students who had prepared for this lesson knew that back then, at the very beginning before the Gua Pi Army's meteoric rise, it had relied on a pyramid scheme in order to gather large numbers of members in a short span of time. It was just that back then, the appearance of that pyramid scheme hadn't immediately attracted Huaxiu nation's attention, and by the time the state reacted, the situation was already irredeemable.

According to Lao Gudong's customary teaching style, he would usually quickly run through the lesson's framework first before starting the class.

"A Modern History of Huaxiu Nation — On the First Gua Pi War": this major historical incident started with Devil Emperor Gua Pi peddling the melon rind drug through a pyramid scheme model. Lao Gudong had a deep understanding of this period in history, since it was a time of national shame. Back then, foreigners had jokingly called this period in Huaxiu's history the "National Melon-Puffing Era." Therefore, to this day, the theory of history class exams would always include this test point every year with the aim of engraving this history in the students' memories so that they would never forget this national shame.

After quickly running through the cause of the First Gua Pi War, it was Lao Gudong's time for gossip once again.

This time, what he wanted to gossip about was Devil Emperor Gua Pi.

"I wonder, how much does everyone know about Devil Emperor Gua Pi?" Lao Gudong asked as he stood on the dais.

Lao Gudong paused for a moment, and seeing that the whole class was completely silent, he revealed his trademark smile. "This Devil Emperor Gua Pi was reputed to be immensely strong. Take a simple example, there are records that our General Yi, one of the ten founding generals of Huaxiu nation, once fought Devil Emperor Gua Pi. At that time, when the two clashed, Devil Emperor Gua Pi held his ground while General Yi was forced three consecutive steps back."

The whole class was in an uproar!

How powerful was General Yi?

He was a sword saint! A legendary figure who along with General Shi of the Ministry of National Defense had beheaded the demon gods!

"However, as far as I know, Devil Emperor Gua Pi had in fact been grievously injured back then and had been forcing himself to endure. And so, after the First Gua Pi War, he vanished without a trace, and no one knows his exact whereabouts," Lao Gudong said.

"Maybe he's already dead?" someone asked, arousing the curiosity of most of the students in class.

"Rumor has it that he is already dead. From the start to the end of the Second Gua Pi War, command of his Gua Pi Army had been succeeded by his personal disciple, Immortal She Pi. But it is very strange that until now, there has been no news at all of Devil Emperor Gua Pi's death. This makes me a little suspicious, and I wonder whether this Immortal She Pi had imprisoned this wounded shifu to seize his power." Lao Gudong shared his musings.

Guo Hao cried out in surprise, "Prison play?! Bloody hell?! Is this Devil Emperor Gua Pi a masochist?"

"A master and disciple couple or whatnot is the most interesting!" Lin Xiaoyu's face was filled with excitement as she promptly wrote a one million-word boys' love novel in her mind.

"Of course, there is a more believable rumor that in order to escape his disciple's pursuit, Devil Emperor Gua Pi sealed his own soul into a magical object, which in legend is a cursed mask..."

When Lao Gudong said this, Wang Ling, whose face had been lowered the whole time, suddenly raised his head.





Chapter 97 There Is a Mo Immortal Castle in Legend


A cursed mask?

Could it be the stone ghost mask?

Wang Ling thought it was inconceivable. If there really was some old man hiding inside the stone ghost mask, there was no way his spiritual senses would have missed such a critical detail... he was now more firmly convinced of his previous assumption.

That is, this stone ghost mask was a twin magic treasure.

If what Lao Gudong said was true, this Devil Emperor Gua Pi had hidden inside the twin stone ghost mask in the other world, but could certainly remotely control the stone ghost mask in Wang Ling's possession.

Wang Ling felt that he had gotten caught up in something troublesome; furthermore, it was quite the thorny problem.

While he was still pondering this, Lao Gudong had finished with his gossip on Devil Emperor Gua Pi and had started to run through related knowledge points on "The Second Gua Pi War."

"After the First Gua Pi War which we talked about earlier, the former commander of the Gua Pi Army, Devil Emperor Gua Pi, retreated to parts unknown. It was his disciple, Immortal She Pi, who took charge of the Gua Pi Army and continued to wreak havoc on the national economy. Furthermore, Immortal She Pi attempted to take advantage of a population addicted to melon rind in order to tear down the might of Huaxiu nation and then seize power over the country. Of course, in order to stabilize the situation during this period, the nation negotiated many times with this second generation leader of the Gua Pi Army, Immortal She Pi, and signed a number of unequal treaties. Since you will one hundred percent be tested on the contents of these treaties, I'll highlight the main points for you in brief..."

The contents of these treaties were pretty much the same, and didn't contain anything out of the ordinary. At this point, Lao Gudong brought up something interesting again. "Does anyone know the outcome of the Second Gua Pi War?"

Top students in the class would definitely have looked over the lesson in advance. After Lao Gudong asked this question, everyone saw Sun Rong immediately raise her hand, then stand up, her pretty figure capturing the attention of all the boys and girls in class.

"In the Second Gua Pi War, three founding generals of Huaxiu nation, General Yi, General Shi and General Sun, joined forces to suppress and capture Immortal She Pi alive. General Lin burning all the melons in the Humen region was a turning point which brought an end to the Gua Pi Army's regime as well as its pyramid scheme and its heavy toll on the national economy. It was also a demonstration of the national cultivation spirit shown by Huaxiu nation's cultivators in their vigorous defense of the country!"

"Well said!"

Lao Gudong nodded with satisfaction, then narrowed his eyes. "But, does anyone know what happened to this Immortal She Pi in the end?"

No one in class said anything; it appeared that Immortal She Pi's end wasn't a main test point, and had never appeared in the theory of history textbook.

Wang Ling carefully recalled the historical cultivation tales that he had read before, only to realize that he had very little memory of anything to do with Immortal She Pi; even then, most of it were trivial details. This only proved one thing — after the end of the Second Gua Pi War, Huaxiu nation as the victor had concealed a small, unrevealed part of history, and the tale of Immortal She Pi was clearly part of this...

Everyone's eyes were on the dais, where Lao Gudong smiled with a trace of cunning... once again, they were stunned.

It could only be said that Lao Gudong truly was Lao Gudong...

Although they didn't know how he had learned this inside story in history, when it came to the wealth of historical knowledge he possessed, there was no one in class who would dare question it.

Thus, Wang Ling found himself more and more curious about Lao Gudong's identity.

Really, what kind of man was this?

To know so much and still be alive... Wang Ling felt that it really was a fucking miracle!

"Back then, after the Second Gua Pi War, Immortal She Pi had been sentenced to ten years of being struck by thunder and lightning for crimes against the national economy, treason, civil unrest and drug-trafficking. After that, Immortal She Pi was to be executed under Leifeng Pagoda."

When Lao Gudong spoke up to this point, a lot of people in the class swallowed nervously and shivered in fear.

"But as far as I know, right before Immortal She Pi's execution, the executioner discovered that the prisoner was pregnant... after that, following a discussion meeting held by Chief Hou of the National Execution Office, it was decided that Immortal She Pi would be allowed to give birth. After all, the child was innocent."

Someone couldn't help asking for the conclusion to the whole story. "What happened after that?"

"After that, Immortal She Pi gave up the hiding places of the last of the high-ranked Gua Pi Army officers who were still at large in exchange for a chance at redemption. Rumors are that Immortal She Pi could have avoided execution and be sentenced to life imprisonment instead, but in the end, Immortal She Pi refused this arrangement."

"Why was that?"

"Of course, it was because Immortal She Pi wanted to fight for the rights of the child. If the people knew that Immortal She Pi had a child, it would definitely be forced to endure cold eyes and censure. Therefore, before being executed under Leifeng Pagoda, Immortal She Pi kowtowed three times to Chief Hou of the National Execution Office and pleaded that he help hide the child's true identity."

"..." Hearing this, everyone already had nothing else to say. Since Immortal She Pi had already asked the nation to hide this secret, how the fuck did you know about it?!

"Actually, this period in history isn't some sort of secret. The story of Immortal She Pi's three kowtows under Leifeng Pagoda can be found in university history textbooks, though most of them cover it very briefly. This isn't a compulsory test point, but as my students, I hope for everyone to have a little understanding of history."

A grin split Lao Gudong's chubby face. "I wonder, after listening to this story, what has everyone learned from it?"

Su Xiao raised his hand diffidently. "Teacher wants to say... that a mother's love is great?"

"Not really."

Lao Gudong shook his head. "What I want to tell you is that Immortal She Pi was actually a man. But his physiology was different from a normal person's, and he was a hermaphrodite."

Everyone: "..."

...

Before long, the theory of history class was over and Lao Gudong's face glowed as he left to the sound of the students' cheers.

And then, the whole class energetically started discussing the details of the theory of history lesson which they had just had.

Chen Chao was red-faced with excitement at what he had just heard. "When should we organize a trip to Leifeng Pagoda?"

Wang Ling: "..." Are we going to visit Bai Suzhen 1 ?

1(Leifeng Pagoda features famously in the classic Chinese folktale 'The Legend of the White Snake.' Bai Suzhen is the name of the white snake spirit who was able to take human form, and at one point was imprisoned in Leifeng Pagoda.) "If Immortal She Pi's child is still alive, calculating the age, he or she should be our grandfathers' age?" Sun Rong said.

"I don't care about that! What I really want to know is whether Immortal She Pi's kid is also a hermaphrodite!" Lin Xiaoyu had an excited expression on her face. This veteran fujoshi's brain was full of words like hermaphrodite, self-gong and self- shou , which frightened Wang Ling a little.

Guo Hao shrugged, and gave his own opinion. "Hermaphrodite or not, most people nowadays call for gender equality. Do you know how many types of human genders there are?"

Guo Hao laughed "hehe" as he stretched out a palm and started counting carefully.

"There are five types of human genders in all: man, man-oriented, bisexual, woman-oriented, and woman."

"..."

"Tch, don't give me such weird looks! This is knowledge I picked up through my hard work in my extra-curricular studies." Guo Hao waved his hand. "Do you know Mo Immortal Castle?"

Wang Ling was startled for a moment. If he wasn't mistaken, this was the name of a tuition center which had been enjoying widespread popularity in the last two years.

"This is where I go for extra lessons. If you can learn and sing the theme song a day after entering the school, your school fees will be cut in half!"

Saying this, Guo Hao cleared his throat and started to sing...

"There is a Mo Immortal Castle in legend, with an extraordinary Lord of the Castle. Any Mo Immortal who receives his guidance can look forward to a better world..."

"..."

Hearing this song, Wang Ling and the comrades around him fell into complete pandemonium.





Chapter 98 Heard That the Parent-Teacher Conference Is the Cause of Roast Meat with Bamboo Shoots


Close to the end of school, Guo Hao came up to Wang Ling and placed two bags of high-quality dog food on his desk. The bags with the three big words "Soul Servant Shop" on it didn't state a manufacturer, and only gave the date of manufacture and the expiry date.

This dog food had been produced by Guo Hao's family. Wang Ling glanced at the date of manufacture and saw that it was yesterday — asking a pet shop to customize food for soul pets was actually quite a commonplace practice. With regard to Classmate Guo Hao, Wang Ling concluded that apart from his performance in his studies, Little Student Guo was nonetheless a faithful and reliable person.

"I missed Er Ha a lot these two days without it around." As Guo Hao spoke, he pushed up his glasses out of habit. "These two bags of dog food were tailor-made for it. If it's not enough, come look for me to get more. Oh, by the way, the flavor is labeled in the bottom left corner of the bag."

Hearing Guo Hao's words, Wang Ling immediately shifted his gaze for a look.

In the bottom left corner of the white bag of dog food were the striking words "New Orleans Fly Flavor"...

...

When Wang Ling returned home, he found Father Wang smoking on the sofa. It had already been a full twenty-four hours since they had discovered the true identity of the old man's first love. It was clear that until now, Father Wang still hadn't come back to his senses from such a shocking fact.

The most troublesome part in this matter was that it was purely the old man's one-sided love, so Wang Ling couldn't find an opportunity or excuse at all to get Teacher Pan to come out. The crucial point was that she was his teacher-in-charge. Even he thought that this was an impossible mission, and he had no idea where to start...

Father Wang looked blankly at the old man, forever bustling around busily in the kitchen with Mother Wang, and heaved a deep sigh. "Ling Ling, about your grandfather's matter, try and think of something else. By the way... just now, your school sent a message to the group chat. There's a parent-teacher conference next Monday evening at six. Did you know about this?"

Wang Ling frowned; he had heard Teacher Pan mention it before in class, but hadn't expected it to be held so soon.

Next Monday...

Was the first dark Monday since the start of school about to happen?

Wang Ling grumbled in his heart.

For a child growing up, the parent-teacher conference was a vital part of education. Through direct interaction with class teachers, parents could readily learn from them how to make roast meat with bamboo shoots 1 taste better.

1(This is obviously a food dish, but also a metaphor for spanking someone with a bamboo clapper board ..) Of course, compared with other people, Wang Ling had never dreaded the superficial show that was the parent-teacher conference.

First, his grades were very unremarkable and right down the middle as required by Father and Mother Wang. That was why in past parent-teacher conferences, Wang Ling had almost never received any specific sort of evaluation from his teachers.

Second, even if there were teachers who did single him out for criticism, Father and Mother Wang were powerless to do anything about it. Because... they couldn't physically punish him for the sake of his education. Shadow Stream's Red Ribbon killer, team leader Xu Ying, was a very good example why...

The last thing was... actually, Wang Ling could count on his fingers the number of times that Father and Mother Wang had attended a parent-teacher conference, since most of the time, they found someone else to replace them.

As expected, Wang Ling hadn't said anything before Father Wang picked up the newspaper on the coffee table and pushed up his glasses. "I've been very busy with my new book recently, so I have to stay home to type. Your Uncle Song has already been rushing me for my manuscript. Your mom has to take care of your grandfather, so she probably isn't free to go. So for the parent-teacher conference, just ask your friends to replace us as usual."

Wang Ling: "..."

...

It wasn't time for the Wang family to eat yet, so Wang Ling returned to his bedroom feeling a little vexed. As soon as he entered, he saw Er Ha lying on the ground with a pen in its claws as it scrawled something in its diary.

After Er Ha's spirit had been forced to take the form of a dog, it had gone from resisting and abandoning itself to despair in the beginning to now gradually accepting reality, which was definitely a U-turn in its attitude. Obviously, this guy had already started to adapt to human life.

It was extremely inconvenient to hold a pen with claws. Even if Er Ha had used spirit energy to help unblock its veins and make its claws more flexible, it was still restricted by its physiology. It had wanted to practice writing in its diary at first, but after some consideration, it decided to start with simple drawings in order to improve its proficiency in using a pen.

Er Ha had been practicing since the afternoon, and the trash can overflowed with unfinished drafts.

Wang Ling looked at the final drawing that had cost Er Ha several painstaking hours of practice; although the lines still weren't smooth and the whole picture still looked like a crude mosaic, from the composition of two circles and several triangles, Wang Ling could make out that what it had drawn was probably a sparrow.

For a dog that could draw, this already wasn't a simple thing...

Rubbing Er Ha's head, Wang Ling thought it simply was a waste of talent for this guy to not perform in the circus.

Er Ha: "..." This picture is clearly a fucking parrot! That dumbass fucking bird Er Dan that bullies me every day!

Wang Ling: "..." Parrot, your ass! She bullies you every day but you still drew her. So it turns out you're a masochist!

A person and a dog stared for a long time at this abstract portrait of a bird. Wang Ling already had no words to describe this drawing style...

At this moment, he felt a slight vibration from his electronic wristwatch; surprisingly, someone had sent him a message at this time of day.

Only a few people had Wang Ling's number, so he opened the message suspiciously. There were only a few short words in the message: "Brother Ling, contact me on QQ!"

Without needing to check the number, he just looked at the ID and knew who had sent him this message... it was definitely Lord Thunder.

After he logged onto QQ, a chat window from Lord Thunder instantly popped up. "Brother Ling, I heard from the comrades in the group that you were looking for me? I'm really sorry. In order to help my junior brother, I went off to do something. That brother of mine had a lab that was destroyed by some bastard and I was actually going to talk it over with you. Shall we help my junior brother out by pulling that bastard out and beating him up?"

"..." Wang Ling sent an ellipsis to confirm his existence.

And then, looking at this string of text, he sunk into a long silence...

Obviously, Lord Thunder was already used to this "Brother Ling" and his reticent manner. "About teaching this bastard a lesson, let's discuss it later. By the way, why was Brother Ling looking for me?"

After a short silence, Wang Ling selected the "stone ghost mask" photo in his photo gallery and sent it.

He then typed out a message which he sent with the photo. "This mask, have you seen it before?"





Chapter 99 Devil Emperor Gua Pi's Weakness


"Bloody hell?! The stone ghost mask?" On the other side, when Lord Thunder saw the image Wang Ling had sent him, his expression changed and his hands were swift as the wind as he sent several sigh and rage emojis. "Brother Ling, you're too much! You actually went looking for this stone ghost mask behind my back — how could you not ask me to come with you for something so interesting?"

Seeing Lord Thunder's reply, Wang Ling's heart was instantly at ease; it was very obvious that the other man clearly knew about the stone ghost mask's specific history.

"Has Brother Ling verified what this stone ghost mask is made from?" Lord Thunder asked before Wang Ling could ask his own question.

His reply was a short few words. "Primordial black crystal."

"Right! This is definitely the stone ghost mask!" Lord Thunder seemed particularly excited. "The legendary stone ghost mask is made from primordial black crystal! Where did Brother Ling get this mask from?"

"Online shopping," Wang Ling answered honestly.

Uh...

Lord Thunder was stupefied for a moment, completely unable to believe this fact...

"Brother Ling, you and I have been brothers for so many years, please tell me the truth... who on earth is this 'online' that you speak of?"

Wang Ling replied seriously, "Internet..."

This time, Lord Thunder rubbed his eyes to ensure that he hadn't misread Wang Ling's message reply, then he instantly clutched at his liver and kidneys, feeling like he really needed to take two bottles of Liuwei Dihuang pills 1 in order to recover.

1(This is a well-known Chinese herbal formula used to treat yin deficiency.) ...God fucking damn, online shopping!

Online sellers were so powerful these days that even a forbidden magic object could actually be casually found online!

Lord Thunder couldn't be any more shocked. "Brother Ling... do you know how many people are looking for this stone ghost mask right now?"

Then, he used quite a few minutes to calm himself down.

"Back then, after the rumor leaked out that Devil Emperor Gua Pi had been sealed away, grandmasters with Nascent Soul realms and above brought whatever power they had to bear in their search for this mask. There is a rumor that whoever inherits the mask will obtain Devil Emperor Gua Pi's legacy and supreme spells... although these rumors have been denounced, from all my years of investigation, I can say that seventy percent of them are true. This magic object has really caused too much of a stir!"

Wang Ling typed an ellipsis. "..."

Because it was suspicious no matter how he looked at it. Leaving aside the fact that the legacy had to be inherited through one of the Three Thousand Great Spells, the "Great Blood Origin Spell," Wang Ling thought that even if Devil Emperor Gua Pi really did know how to use it, inheriting legacy through it was complete nonsense.

There were many conditions for the use of the "Great Blood Origin Spell." One of the most stringent requirements for perfect transference was a compatible blood match, like for a bone marrow transplant in medicine. Wang Ling felt that it was utter nonsense to be able to find an absolutely perfect match in the vast sea of people that existed today.

At this point, it went back to the problem of the lesser natures of cultivators. Namely, even though they knew that they weren't a match, they still decided to take the chance to try and obtain more power in a short period of time...

Senior cultivators always said that in cultivation, one should rely on their own efforts and take it step by step. Wang Ling couldn't agree more with this remark — it could be said that he was one of those whom, because of the excessive growth of his realm, had fallen victim to an unsteady foundation and thus couldn't control his strength precisely.

Thus, the most likely consequence of someone forcefully inheriting a legacy was that they would experience an inner deviation and eventually lose all their cultivation and become crippled.

This was an excruciatingly painful and incredibly risky process. The nation had always maintained a strict ban on the use of the "Great Blood Origin Spell" since it offered the body no advantage whatsoever. Wang Ling really didn't get why there were still mule-headed people willing to try it.

At the very least, he felt that this stone ghost mask had nothing to do with inheriting legacy at all, and instead was very likely to be a trap which had been left behind by Devil Emperor Gua Pi.

In fact, it was not just Wang Ling who thought so. Lord Thunder also expressed his own concerns.

They got down to business.

Lord Thunder brought the subject back to Devil Emperor Gua Pi. "Brother Ling, do you know the reason why Devil Emperor Gua Pi vanished back then?"

When he heard the other man's question, Wang Ling was silent for a second. Lao Gudong had just gossiped about this during the theory of history lesson, so it was fresh in his memory.

Lord Thunder continued, "I'm sure Brother Ling knows that back then, Devil Emperor Gua Pi's first true disciple was Immortal She Pi. In the outside world, most of the rumors are that Immortal She Pi sealed his own wounded shifu away in order to seize power. But in fact, that wasn't the case. I heard through the grapevine that this master and disciple had a very good relationship."

Lord Thunder said enthusiastically, "Actually, during that time, Devil Emperor Gua Pi had been researching how to undo the Great Evil Containment Wave..."

Looking at the text in the chat window, Wang Ling couldn't help raising his eyebrows, because not only had he heard of this spell, he had used it before himself.

This was a spell that, through specialized research, had been invented to be used against villains, evil spirits, devious sects and so forth, and was one of the Three Thousand Great Spells.

"This Great Evil Containment Wave had always been a thorn in his side, so Devil Emperor Gua Pi had been deeply engrossed in studying how to crack it. After decades of research, it seemed that he had found the answer. And so, he asked his disciple Immortal She Pi to use the Great Evil Containment Wave on him in order to confirm the effectiveness of the spell..."

Wang Ling was listening very intently. "Then what?"

"Then? There was nothing..."

Lord Thunder sent a shrug emoji. "In the end, Devil Emperor Gua Pi was sealed inside the stone ghost mask. Furthermore, he had never found a chance to escape after that."

After hearing the whole story, Wang Ling truly couldn't be bothered to even make fun of it. "..."

"So I've been running around over the years looking for this stone ghost mask. This thing is a magic weapon that must be taken seriously. It would be a disaster if it fell into the wrong hands. In theory, the stone ghost mask is not a true magic weapon... but with Devil Emperor Gua Pi sealed inside, he's now like a weapon spirit," said Lord Thunder.

Wang Ling: "..."

For this magnificent first-generation devil to fall to this level... he felt that there really wasn't anyone else like Devil Emperor Gua Pi this gua pi 2 in the whole world.

2(A reminder that colloquially, calling someone 'gua pi' is to say that they are stupid ..) Of course, if you really wanted to find some gua pi with the same stupid nature, he thought that Er Ha, who had been a demon king, would definitely be at the top of the list.

After listening to Lord Thunder's explanation, most of Wang Ling's suspicions about the stone ghost mask had already been clarified. The one thing still left unexplained was whether the mask was one of a pair of twin magic objects.

After seeing the message which Wang Ling had sent to him, Lord Thunder couldn't help but nod. "That is just like Brother Ling! You can even think of the possibility of twin magic weapons! In fact, I already had doubts early on... think about it, so many people look for the stone ghost mask every year, but no one has ever clearly tracked down Devil Emperor's aura. Why on earth is that the case? But if we follow Brother Ling's way of thinking, then everything makes sense. I also feel that the stone ghost mask which Brother Ling has is probably just a replica, and the original has definitely been hidden away. But to be absolutely sure, I think I should take a look for myself first. So, Brother Ling, when can we arrange to meet?"

Meet?

Wang Ling wanted to refuse at first.

But when he considered this matter of the stone ghost mask, he thought carefully for a moment, then as usual, replied with a brief few words. "Meet at the Wang family's villa" ...





Chapter 100 Father Wang's Mystic Eyes of Death Perception


Wang Ling seldom made friends of his own accord. Lord Thunder could be considered one of the few friends that he had made in his sixteen years of life.

This had to do with the biased, good impression which he had of Lord Thunder; for example, this Senior Immortal overflowed with a sense of righteousness all year round and would cause a ruckus with hesitation, roaring for evil to be vanquished as he showed up on someone's doorstep with a knife. Second, Wang Ling felt that there was something a little mystical about their friendship... like the immortal fate which cultivators often spoke of.

He had once calculated that the alignment of his immortal fate with that of Lord Thunder was unexpectedly as high as seventy percent! This was also one of the main reasons why Wang Ling had acknowledged this man.

But given that the alignment of their immortal fates was as high as seventy percent, he had been unable to escape being cheated by Lord Thunder.

It was said that good friends were for cheating and good brothers were for betraying... Wang Ling felt that this remark was one hundred percent true.

He had had less contact with Lord Thunder after the latter had duped him into working as a spells consultant for Old Li and that bunch of people three years ago. Unexpectedly, Wang Ling was mysteriously and inexorably connected to Lord Thunder once again, this time because of the stone ghost mask.

He felt that this was the legendary immortal fate at work.

Or, it could be said that it was evil fate causing mischief...

...

After agreeing with Lord Thunder on the time, the doorbell of the Wang family's villa rang at this somewhat inconvenient moment.

Using his spiritual senses, Wang Ling immediately saw that the two men in suits and sunglasses from Landscape Manor had come again...

Furthermore, the "sincerity" which the men in suits had brought with them this time wasn't that small leather suitcase any longer, but a massive wheeled luggage case, big enough for an adult to fit in...

After Father Wang opened the door, the two men in suits very consciously changed out of their shoes, then bowed deeply to him. "Hello, Mr Wang!"

Father Wang, however, was utterly dumbstruck by the luggage case in front of him. "..."

According to his initial visual estimates, if this luggage was full of cash, there had to be at least thirty million yuan in there!

"After our last friendly negotiation with Mr Wang, the Lord of the Castle lectured us severely upon our return. So this time, we've come with even more sincerity than before and would like to renegotiate with Mr Wang." The two men in suits gave professional and largely insincere smiles which made Father Wang shudder.

At the same time, he had also noticed a problem; this time, these two men were wearing swords at their waists which flashed now and then, making Father Wang a little cautious.

He looked in the direction of Wang Ling's bedroom, and father and son came to a tacit understanding through their thoughts; he was well aware that Wang Ling must have noticed what was happening, and he wasn't worried at all about what these two sword-bearing men in suits could do to him.

"Mr Wang, can we go in and talk?"

"Mm... come in." Father Wang made a gesture of invitation.

After the last visit, the two men were already familiar with the layout of the Wang family's small villa; this time, they pulled the luggage up next to the sofa in the sitting room. After pushing the luggage handle down, they lay the luggage case flat on the floor.

Seeing that they were about to open it, Father Wang looked meaningfully at Mother Wang so that she pulled the old man away from watching TV and up the stairs. The old man was prone to letting his imagination run wild — if even Father Wang himself couldn't help but be agitated at seeing so much money, for the old man whose dementia had yet to be cured, Father Wang was very worried that it might give him a heart attack.

The two men in suits were also very sensible and didn't open the luggage case until Mother Wang had helped the old man up the stairs.

When they opened it, bundles of ten thousand yuan spilled out with crackling sounds.

When Father Wang saw the rolls of bright red cash, his eyes couldn't help but flash. To be honest, apart from the inside of Zhao Dehan's private villa in the TV series 1 , this was the first time that Father Wang had ever seen so much money, and it was a critical blow to his worldview.

1(Zhao Dehan is a corrupt official in the Chinese TV drama 'In the Name of People' who hid millions of his ill-gotten yuan in his private villa.) "Here, forty million." One of the men looked at Father Wang. "What do you think of our sincerity this time, Mr Wang?"

Father Wang pursed his lips; actually, in his heart, he was a little tempted. To him, it was just a beat-up mask after all; if he could sell it, he would. But he was also well aware that Wang Ling had to have his own concerns if he was keeping the mask and didn't want to sell it.

That was an object that even his son was worried about...

Father Wang leaned back against the sofa and crossed his legs. He lit a cigarette and inhaled deeply, then exhaled smoke like a dragon directly onto the pile of money. "This is my son's mask, and he's resting now. I can't make the decision."

The two men in suits understood.

Father Wang's meaning was already very clear despite the fact that he was using Wang Ling as an excuse to tactfully refuse them. Between the lines, his meaning was: not selling!

The two men clenched their fists, then the tall one suddenly placed both his hands on the coffee table as he looked straight at Father Wang. "Mr Wang, I hope you will carefully reconsider. After all, you are just an ordinary family. Your wife is just a housewife and has no income. Your father has dementia, and it's difficult to guarantee what the rest of his life will be like. Plus, your only son is only at the Foundation Establishment stage... and you, even if you are a popular web novelist, surely you can't earn this much money even if you work for the rest of your life?"

What the man said was packed with threats between the lines.

Standing in his bedroom, Wang Ling heard every word very clearly.

For a magnate corporation like Landscape Manor, which was on par with Huaguo Water Curtain Group, it wasn't difficult at all for them to investigate the Wang family's background. But both Wang father and son had already been mentally prepared for this.

Father Wang pushed up his black-rimmed glasses. "Can I take this as coercion?"

"This stone ghost mask is something that our Lord must have, so I hope Mr Wang can be mature about this. I believe that apart from our Landscape Manor, no one else will be able to offer you such a high price," the tall man replied.

Then the man smiled and grasped the sword hilt at his waist. "Of course, if Mr Wang persists in being stubborn, we don't mind employing other methods..."

The moment the man had grasped his sword hilt, Father Wang had already felt a spiritual pressure pushing down on his shoulder. It disappeared quickly, however, because the moment the man had released his spiritual pressure, in his bedroom, Wang Ling had also sent out his aura to settle on Father Wang...

Then, this became a scene which made the two men in suits sweat buckets!

It was clear that this was only a very ordinary middle-aged man at the Qi Condensation stage, so the two men in suits hadn't anticipated how his aura unexpectedly started to increase steadily, an overwhelming spiritual pressure that suddenly fell back like a huge building to collapse onto them.

What the bloody fuck?!

Then, the two men felt their knees bend of their own accord, and they couldn't stand upright.

...This! How was this possible?!

According to the data obtained from the group's investigation, this Wang Jiao was only at the Qi Condensation stage! How could he instantly suppress the both of them, who were at the late Golden Core stage? Fuck! Con man! ...This fellow was definitely a Nascent Soul grandmaster!

The two men in suits felt a pressure from Father Wang which they had never felt before!

From behind his black-rimmed glasses, Father Wang's gaze shot straight out like the Mystic Eyes of Death Perception 2 , his eyes glowing so brightly that the two men's legs grew weak, and inch by inch, they were forced to lay prone on the floor — even their sunglasses were directly crushed.

2(This a type of power that allows someone to "perceive death" or the "conceptual" death of a being, and comes from the visual novels 'Tsukihime' and 'The Garden of Sinners,' which are released by TYPE-MOON, a Japanese games company..) Ten seconds later, the tall man spoke with difficulty. "...Elder brother, I was wrong! If you continue staring at me, I'll piss my pants!"

Next to him, the shorter man felt like crying but had no tears to shed. "Fuck! I've already pissed my pants, what do I do?!"

Father Wang: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."