Chapter 1901 Lord Ma>Dragonborn?


His body is very clean now. Lord Ma knows this very well. Since falling in love with Yu Shenshu, there has been no other benefit. He has a girlfriend who likes to clean. He looks much younger.

Although. He is already the oldest spirit in the Old Wang family. Little Sheep has always called him the uncle with gray hair and boyish face. This moved Lord Ma very much.

At this moment, as one of the first batch of furniture monsters in Old Wang's family that has been strengthened by version 3.0 of the attunement technique, Lord Ma suddenly changed her clothes in the next second. She immediately put on a very coquettish Western-style tuxedo. He enlightens his status as an old patriarch in the world of spirits and monsters.

"Bed Immortal. I will leave it to you, old master. I will fight off this girl." Lord Ma said. He directly teleported Father Wang steadily to Bed Immortal. Bed Immortal was carrying Father on his left and right shoulders. Wang and Mother Wang. Very stable.

He and Lord Ma are also old partners. In this case, there is no need to say many words at all. Just a look. The cooperation is an incomparable tacit understanding.

"What a joke. Do you want to compete with us dragonborn monsters like you using magic?" Ni? giggled. She found it incredible. A piece of furniture that had been enlightened could have such a confident tone. It wanted to stop the noble blood. The Dragonborn.

"You self-righteous little girl. So what if you are a dragonborn? My master has never looked down upon bastards like you." Lord Ma put her hands behind her back and stared at her. The tail at the end of the Western-style tuxedo was windless and elegant.

Being so looked down upon by an enlightened toilet. Is it disgusting? It can't be tolerated. She is also a Dragonborn after all. She doesn't approve of such a matchup. She actually let a toilet be her opponent. This is too disrespectful to the Dragon Clan.

"court death!"

He got angry instantly and spit out dragon flames from his mouth. This was the purple and black dragon divine fire. It had a terrifying temperature. The flame lake below immediately resonated with it at the moment it was erupted. Several fire dragons soared into the sky from the flame lake. Forming a double-team attitude and heading towards Lord Ma.

Lord Ma had a calm expression on her face, but in her heart she was secretly surprised and disgusted by her methods. She looked like a very quiet girl, but her moves were all large-scale destructive attacks.

Although he is the oldest spirit in the Old Wang family, Lord Ma still knows nothing about the grand occasion of the Dragon Clan back then. This battle actually taught Lord Ma a lesson.

However, Lord Ma did not panic at all. He quickly dodged. Although the formation of the fire dragon was sudden, it still gave Lord Ma a certain amount of reaction time.

The rest of the Wang family's spirits hid in the house and watched. With the entire villa surrounded by the flaming lake, the temperature in the house rose a lot. The spirits looked out the window at the apocalyptic scene outside. Every one of them was There is lingering fear in my heart.

The dragons are really terrible. There are really not many among the Old Wang family's enlightened spirits who can fight with dragons of this level. If they were the ones who got a little bit of the dragon's divine fire, they would be burned to ashes immediately. .

Like Jingze, Yan? has also grown up in these days, becoming more fierce than before.

While Lord Ma was fighting, he didn't feel very sorry in his heart.

Such a powerful ability. If it can be used to benefit the world of human cultivation, this will be a wonderful avenue of symbiosis.

He doesn't understand why the Dragon Clan must pursue the mission of restoring its past glory. Since he can live from his heart, it's not a bad idea to take a path of peaceful coexistence, coexistence and symbiosis.

There was a "bang" sound. Lord Ma ducked sideways to avoid a fire as big as a mountain. The spiritual power of Yan? seemed to be endless. She didn't care about the consumption when casting spells. She swayed her dragon in large amounts. The breath and spiritual power burned the land in front of it red. The nearby earth was all cracked and shattered, forming dry abyss.

"You can only hide? Toilet!" Yan? ridiculed. She did not regard Lord Ma as her opponent at all. She was just letting her temper go willfully.

Upon hearing this, Lord Ma's face suddenly became serious. He felt that this little dragon girl was really in need of discipline.

As the spirit of the Wang family, the patriarch has always regarded himself as elegant and easy-going. When he was avoiding these attacks, he had planned to use verbal admonitions to make him easy to catch.

But now the facts have proved that Lord Ma feels that he still thinks too much. Sure enough, the trick of talking and escaping does not apply to everyone.

As the head of the family, now he has to take action to teach Yan?

"call!"

At this time, Yan? once again breathed out the divine fire of the Dragon Clan. The pink skirt radiated light under the resonant power of the Dragonborn bloodline, making her whole body glow.

She once again intensified the power of the Dragon Divine Fire. This time it hit Lord Ma directly, completely engulfing him.

This time, Lord Ma did not choose to dodge. Instead, he directly opened his mouth to receive the divine fire from Yan? With a terrifying devouring process, a wonderful cave was formed in his body, absorbing the dragon divine fire in continuously.

Everyone was shocked. This was carrying the Dragon Clan Divine Fire! And swallowing these Dragon Clan Divine Fire into their stomachs! It was simply unbelievable!

Lord Diu Lei was horrified when he saw it from a distance. He knew the origin of Lord Ma. But he never thought that Lord Ma was so powerful!

No wonder Senior Wang didn't take action. It turned out that he had anticipated Lord Ma's strength. Can Lord Ma alone be able to fight against him?

As expected of Senior Wang...

Lord Diu Lei sighed in his heart about the great strength of Father Wang and Mother Wang.

It seems that the Dragonborn is not ready enough for the two of them to take action.

Although it is very strong, it is enough to deal with the monsters inspired by the Old Wang family.

"I don't believe it. You can keep swallowing it!" Same as Jingze. There is a kind of magical arrogance in Yan. She originally looked down on Lord Ma. It was even more difficult to accept the fact that her dragon divine fire was ineffective.

The next moment, he increased the flames. The separation stimulated the dragon divine fire to try to explode Lord Ma's internal space.

However, what Rang Yan? He didn't expect was that her urging caused a new change in Lord Ma's body.

Under the constant stimulation and devouring of the dragon's divine fire, Lord Ma's black tuxedo changed visibly to the naked eye. Not only that, even his eye color and hair color changed.

His black tuxedo turned into a gradient black and gold color. His hair color and curly goatee turned into pure gold at this moment. And Lord Ma's aura is more powerful than before! In the process of continuously absorbing the dragon's divine fire .He became stronger than before!

"Uncle Ma's aura seems to have improved!"

"I know! It's fourth gear!"

"Fourth gear?"

The crowd started talking about it.

"Well. It's version 4.0 of the Enlightenment Technique! It requires a special mechanism to trigger the upgrade!"

The little sheep said softly: "Now, Uncle Ma is already a version 4.0 enlightenment spirit!"

At the same time, Father Wang and Mother Wang heard the sound of the sheep. When they suddenly realized it, they felt speechless in their hearts.

Who would have thought...

Lord Ma actually evolved into a tempered toilet during the battle with the Dragonborn...





Chapter 1902 Tired of catching?


Entering version 4.0 was designed by Wang Ling in advance. And obviously he had already expected that Lord Ma would have this battle. Therefore, he did not use his King's Eyes fire to temper Lord Ma's body.

Tired? I didn’t expect that I would be used in turn. Using dragon flames as Lord Ma, I successfully completed the final tempering of the body.

At this time, the aura of Lord Ma, who has entered the 4.0 enlightenment version, is even stronger than before. An astonishing magic is released from the whole body. At the same time, ten vortexes surge up behind him. It is a cave space. It can swallow everything. It has a powerful Destructive power. Everything that comes close to the whirlpool cave will be shattered like being sucked into a black hole.

Yan felt tremendous pressure. She opened her dragon wings. The wide crimson dragon wings formed dozens of fire tornadoes and rolled forward.

"Boom!"

However, Lord Ma only raised his hand. The ten whirlpools behind him moved in unison. Like a magic ball, they swirled forward with a kind of agile power.

Before the fire tornado even got close to Lord Ma's body, it was completely disintegrated by the whirlpool cave. It was swallowed directly. No trace was left behind.

"So strong!" Lord Diu Lei was shocked. He admired Father Wang even more. He thought that all this was within Father Wang's plan.

He even thought of using dragon flames to complete body tempering in reverse. This made Lord Ma's overall strength several times stronger than before!

Yan?'s attack was completely ineffective. These ten whirlpool caves were like an airtight barrier, firmly protecting Lord Ma.

With a wave of his hand, the flaming lake under his feet began to be absorbed by the ten-mouth whirlpool cave sky, forming a grand scene of a dragon sucking water.

In just a short period of time, this flaming lake has been drained by Lord Ma.

However, after being burned, the earth has been reduced to a piece of scorched earth. There is no grass growing within a hundred miles. Lord Ma has something on his mind. He originally wanted to teach Yan? and fight her back.

But now he doesn't think so in his mind. Since this is a mistake committed by Yan?, then at least he must capture this girl alive and suppress her here. Let her plant trees until the ecology of this area is restored.

Buzz!

In an instant, his body emitted golden light. The ten holes in the sky moved together and turned into cages to suppress Yan?

The moment she was surrounded by ten holes in the cave. She opened her eyes wide with a look of horror. She sacrificed the dragon-born magic weapon, the Burning Sky Chain Hammer. This was a light-level dragon-born magic weapon. As a result, it was unable to stop the advancement of the cave.

After the chain hammer was sacrificed, the entire magic weapon was swallowed up by the cave. She couldn't believe that she would be defeated by a spirit.

Everything happened too suddenly. At the moment when the ten holes of the cave were completely merged, Yan?'s body was directly swallowed up and disappeared directly into the void.

"Uncle Ma didn't kill her, right?" the little sheep asked.

"No." Lord Ma shook his head: "I want her to help us clean the courtyard and tidy up the nearby ecology. Everything was burned by her. She should pay the price for it."

As he spoke, Lord Ma opened his palms. A piece of fiery red dragon scale lay quietly in his palm. This was taken out by him during the duel with Yan?

Then he snapped his fingers and sent the dragon scale to the far shore. The person who received the dragon scale was none other than Peng Xiren.

At this time, Peng Xiren's real body was playing chess with Fenmu Shen. Facing the dragon scale that suddenly appeared in Qipan Mountain, Peng Xiren's face was filled with clouds.

These days, in order to escape the imprisonment of Dao Ancestor Wang's Dharma Spirit "Zheng", he thought of countless ways. Finally, he successfully escaped from Zheng by using the golden cicada's escape method. And found Fenmu Shen and Bai Zhe's asylum.

And right from the beginning, this way of escape was also what Bai Zhe had thought of.

Peng Xiren knew that he was not strong enough and could not be Zheng's opponent. Therefore, he decided to join Bai Zhe's camp.

He left behind his body and half of his soul. With the help of Bai Zhe, he imported the other half of his soul into this new body.

This is a new body specially shaped for him by Bai Zhe.

The dragon-born body created with the dragon bone genes of the Dark Devouring Dragon is now under the control of Peng Xiren. Peng Xiren thinks that his golden cicada escape plan is flawless. Just wait until he fully adapts to the body of one of the three leaders of the dragon clan. Find Zheng again. Even Wang Ling face to face to complete the revenge plan.

But now, facing the disgusting dragon scales that were suddenly teleported to him, he suddenly became stupid.

"Why did you give me Yan?'s dragon scales?" Peng Xiren frowned.

The plan to introduce Wang Ling and others into Eternal Life was also the one he first proposed. He thought that everything he did to fuel the flames in secret would not be discovered by Wang Ling.

But now Lord Ma's teleportation suddenly tightened Peng Xiren's heartstrings.

"Don't be too nervous. I thought this was just a test. Your appearance and aura have all changed. Now you are a new generation of dragonborn with the Dark Devouring Dragon gene. In addition, you have the power of the old days in your hands. It is the old days and dragons. A perfect combination of power... As long as you are cultivated, you will become one of the strongest war machines in our camp."

Fenmu Shen said in deep thought. He pinched the dragon scale between his two fingers and frowned slightly: "Yan? Defeat. It's expected. There's no need to worry too much. The Wang family is already extraordinary. I can't even deal with it. With her. How can it be possible on my own?"

"So. You did it on purpose?" Peng Xiren asked.

"There is some kind of bond between Jingze and Yan? If Yan? is arrested, it will make Jingze unswervingly consider the issue from our standpoint."

Fenmu Shen said: "He was already shaken. After this disaster has passed, Mr. Bai and I are convinced that he will give up all illusions and become ours."

At this point, Peng Xiren understood instantly.

However, there was one more thing that he still couldn't figure out: "What's going on with Wang Muyu?"

"Bringing back the baby Wang Muyu was indeed within our plan. It has not changed. But Mr. Bai did not expect that the newborn Wang Nuan would be so domineering."

Fenmu Shen laughed. He was now the transformed form of Sotos. He was covered in floating foam. He looked like a bunch of shining purple grapes.

When you laugh, these bubbles on your body will float, popping up and re-condensing.

"Yeah. That girl is like a god of war. I feel like I can't take it away if I try to rob it normally. But her brother is even more terrifying. It took a lot of effort to say that her brother is trapped in eternity..."

"I know." Fenmu Shen said: "This is indeed a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. But it is unrealistic to force it now. It is better to plant some seeds for this little dragon while the boy is not around, so that he can find us on his own. .."





Chapter 1903: Living in a foreign land. Watching for eternity


Yan? was arrested. Jingze was severely injured at the same time. He vomited dragon blood like a dying dog in the water. He completely lost the majesty of being a dragonborn.

Leng Ming opened his back and took a lot of dragon's spine blood from his back. This made Jingze feel extremely painful. He kept screaming in pain on the spot.

There is no doubt that Jingze was completely defeated. And it all seemed to be a foregone conclusion.

"Wang Muyu...what is your last name? Only you know best..." He spoke hard, completely ignoring Leng Ming's torture, and spoke with a weak breath.

Those eyes looked at Wang Muyu, giving Wang Muyu an indelible spiritual impact in a short moment: "Look at how these human cultivators treat our dragon clan... You should not help others. Accepting a thief as a father..."

"You say too many words!"

Leng Ming raised his hand and punched Jingze on the back. The ground immediately collapsed, creating a huge hole. The dust on all sides was raised. The huge impact directly shook the core world to the point of almost collapse. potential.

The stability of the core world's structure is closely related to the owner's own condition. If the body or mind collapses, the core world will also collapse.

It is unimaginable. Wang Nuan and Leng Ming, master and servant, join forces to cause havoc in other people's core worlds, as if they are the masters of this core world.

The next second, the scene of the world falling apart changed. Wang Muyu noticed that all of them had evacuated from the core world of Jingze.

The surrounding scene returned to normal. But Jingze also disappeared along with the disappearing core world.

"Eh. Did you run away?" Leng Ming had actually been wary of Jingze escaping, so he kept an eye on Jingze's movements. But he didn't expect that the other party would escape so smoothly and smoothly.

Obviously, there must be help from Bai Zhe and Fenmu Shen behind this.

Having experienced several previous failures, both of them are undoubtedly "victims" who have been beaten mercilessly by Wang Ling. Since they are victims, they must know how to escape and survive when they cannot be beaten. researched.

Leng Ming couldn't see what kind of methods the other party used. He felt a little annoyed in his heart.

Ah Nuan girl had a calm look on her face. She lay on Leng Ming's back. She stretched out her soft hands to stroke Leng Ming's fluffy green hair. At the same time, she pinched his cute elf ears with one hand. To show comfort.

In their original plan, they did not intend to directly kill Jingze. And this script was also arranged by Wang Ling from the beginning.

As a younger sister, Wang Nuan doesn't know what Wang Ling is planning. But she will definitely support her brother's work fully.

After obediently accepting Wang Nuan's comfort, Leng Ming's mood calmed down a lot. Then he carried Wang Nuan on his back and walked to Wang Muyu: "Well. Is your body okay?"

"It's okay... Aunt Nuan is too strong. She fed me a lot of pills..." To be honest. Until now, Wang Muyu felt the blood surge in his body. Not only was his injury about to recover, but he even felt that he Stronger than before. On the verge of breaking through at any time.

Leng Ming obviously felt this. He hurriedly asked: "To break through, you need to find a good place. Do you want to go to the Mountain of Retrospection? It is a place similar to the Secret Realm of Time that the sword master arranged before. In it, you can speed up your cultivation and connect with the world. Isolated. And that area is now protected by the Sword King Realm. Where you are, the entire Sword King Realm will protect you!"

Wang Muyu thought for a while. Then he patted the ashes on his body and stood up from the ground: "Then there is Brother Lao Lengming!"

He had no reason to refuse such an invitation. And it was obvious that this was what Wang Ling meant.

Wang Muyu felt that as a son, he had no reason not to listen to his old father.

...

At the same time. On the other side.

In front of the Peng family's headquarters, Emperor Dong Dadi, who had his eyes tightly closed, suddenly opened his eyes.

Being in a foreign land. Watching the eternity.

This is what Wang Ling does.

Even though Wang Ling is trapped in a different timeline at the moment.

But he could still understand what he cared about. The situation at Wang's villa and Wang Muyu's side had stabilized.

It can be said that the current overall layout and the overall direction of the script are all within the plot development that Wang Ling has anticipated.

And all of this was planned by Wang Ling a long time ago.

It's just that there was an episode of being "trapped" for eternity, which forced Wang Ling to make some changes based on the original plan.

Fortunately, everything that happens now is within the plan and layout. It goes very smoothly.

I just want Sun Rong to be able to see the Miss Peng family in front of me with peace of mind.

Sun Rong disguised herself as a man. She had already passed two levels of discussion and talent show. Her beautiful swordsmanship made everyone at the scene fascinated.

It was a sword technique that had never been seen before in the ages. It was an eye-opener for everyone. There was no need for Sun Rong to think of moves on his own. In the state of human and sword integration, Aohai led Sun Rong to complete it. This gorgeous sword dance performance is like Aohai leading Sun Rong to complete a spiritual sword waltz that no one else can see.

Even the butler of the Peng family's headquarters, who had always been domineering, was shocked. Such a figure and such swordsmanship were definitely not something that an ordinary rich man could use.

In addition, the previous shot was a Dao Ancestor Pill. And he was unable to investigate the origin of Sun Rong despite all possible means. This made him even more curious about Sun Rong's identity.

"It seems that Mr. Wang Rongxia is indeed an extraordinary person. It seems that today's door-to-door blind date should be a big deal. He will be the first person to see the lady." The manager of the Peng family guessed. After all, he is short-handed. Now He also started to speak for Sun Rong.

It's just that the final result is still difficult to predict at present. After all, this blind date was originally decided by the eldest daughter of the Peng family. The eldest daughter of their family has a weird temper. Even if they pass all the hurdles, it is still possible in the end. Brush down.

"Congratulations to Mr. Wang Rongxia for passing the second level. The next level is martial arts! In this level, the lady will personally test Mr. Wang."

After the results of the second level were tallied up, the manager of the Peng family announced on his behalf. There were cheers from everyone at the scene and those watching on the street.

They are just people who join in the fun. They think that Sun Rong's move provides them with an excellent template for door-to-door interviews with their future sons-in-law.

In the courtyard of the Peng family's headquarters, Wang Ling and others were accompanying them. At the same time, they had the opportunity to observe the scene up close.

After the Peng Family Headquarters reported the plans for the next level, a beautiful woman wearing a pink and white robe, immortal, graceful and graceful, slowly walked out of the palace...

Her appearance had a vague sense of déjà vu. It was not entirely the same. I could just detect that feeling from her eyebrows.

Wang Ling can be confirmed at first glance. This person is Peng Xiren's sister. Peng Beicen is undoubtedly.

And he always felt as if he had seen it somewhere. It had nothing to do with Peng Xiren, but in the real world. He felt as if he had seen it somewhere.





Chapter 1904 The correct posture for selecting nuclear bombs


Peng Beicen's appearance Wang Ling always feels like she has seen it somewhere. She has a special kind of heroism and handsomeness. She is not like her daughter's family, which has a gentle and elegant feeling, and she has the feeling of Xiaojiabiyu. You can tell by her appearance that she is a very cool person. people.

The white robe perfectly set off her figure. There were no fancy ribbons made of silk and satin for decoration. It was completely different from the feeling of the female monks in the ancient times. It is not an exaggeration to describe it with the phrase "unparalleled elegance".

Sun Rong was a little stunned the moment she saw Peng Beicen. She never expected that the legendary eldest lady of the Peng family would be like this... She always felt a little bit unlike a girl. And she was not like Wang Ling's intuition was the same. She felt that she was familiar with this Miss Peng, as if she had seen her there before.

"Prince?" At this time, Peng Beicen's words interrupted Sun Rong's thoughts.

It's a very magnetic voice. It's very neutral. If you close your eyes, you can't tell whether it's a man or a woman.

Sun Rong quickly came to his senses: "I wonder how Miss Peng wants to compete?"

She asked like this, and at the same time she was fully prepared in her mind. The purpose of their trip was to propose marriage. The focus was to meet Peng Xiren, Peng Beicen's brother, and then implement the follow-up plan.

Just after these simple greetings, Sun Rong suddenly had a bad feeling. She felt that the Peng Beicen in front of her was not that simple.

"The swordsmanship of Prince Wang is superb. I have seen all the previous sword dances. It is a very unique swordsmanship. I have studied thousands of swordsmanship. But this is the first time I have seen Prince Wang's swordsmanship." ."

She smiled and looked very modest: "I can't compare to the prince in terms of swordsmanship. The prince is very strong. If compared to him, I think I would fall behind. But here I am. I mainly practice spiritual swords. So I have a gracious request before the competition."

"Miss Peng, please speak." Sun Rong bowed politely.

"It's like this. I definitely can't beat the prince. So I thought, pick one person from the queue accompanying the prince to compete on his behalf. If he beats me, then the prince will be the winner."

"Pick one person..." Sun Rong was stunned. She never expected that this would be the result.

At this time, she turned around and took a look. The people accompanying her were no longer human beings in Sun Rong's eyes. Instead, they transformed directly into grenades, missiles and even nuclear bombs.

That's right. No matter how bad the people behind her are, they are still grenades.

It will definitely not work if you win the "Grenade". Sun Rong feels that Miss Peng is very powerful. You will lose with the Grenade 80% of the time.

So the best result is to draw a missile. For example, Wang Zhen who plays the Holy Stone Saint or Zhang Zhui who plays Ye Ren. It is most common sense to win when the strength is similar.

As for the rest. Sun Rong feels that all of them are undoubtedly nuclear bombs!

Right behind him, but sitting are the Four Emperors of Eternity! No matter which one Peng Beicen wins, he will win the prize. If a fight breaks out, he will have to act... and he must act out the feeling of narrow victory. He can't do it yet. Winning is too obvious.

"Why. Why is Prince Wang so hesitant? Is it because he has no confidence in the people you brought?"

At this time, Peng Beicen continued to use words to stimulate: "This is also a test. Generally speaking, whether the accompanying servants are strong or not is also reflected in the side."

"Miss Peng's suggestion. You should obey it."

Having said that, Sun Rong had no choice but to accept the move. She silently glanced back at Wang Ling. She hoped Wang Ling would step back a little and not stand too far forward.

After all, what Sun Rong is most worried about is that Wang Ling is selected.

Because even nuclear bombs are graded...

Theoretically, Wang Ling is not a nuclear bomb. It is simply the legendary dark matter! It is too unstable! Once it is launched, it may directly level the entire Penglai Star!

On the other side, Wang Ling also immediately understood what Sun Rong meant. After all, he and Sun Rong had gone through several missions. This tacit understanding between the eyes is still there.

But as soon as he took half a step back, Peng Beicen called him out: "That gentleman! Don't step back. It's you!"

Wang Ling: "..."

As soon as these words came out, Sun Rong and everyone in the venue were sweating profusely.

Although everyone already knows that the current plot direction of the Eternal World is basically skewed. Director Wang Ling needs to manually correct the script. But no one knows that Director Wang, who was originally standing behind the scenes, will end up on his own!

"Are you sure, Miss Peng?" Sun Rong confirms.

She hoped that Peng Beicen would suddenly change his mood and want to change someone else. However, Miss Peng shook her head with a smile on her face and said, "I usually like to play chess. They say that I have no regrets about my moves. Of course I will not regret my choice." .This is the brother! I saw this brother shrinking back. He seemed to have little confidence in himself. So I chose him."

Having said that, Sun Rong has finally seen it through.

In fact, Peng Beicen had no intention of marrying at all. That's why he chose that way.

But since I have no intention of getting married, why do I need to make such a big show of letting all kinds of brides-in-law come to my door?

Are you waiting for the one you love to show up?

She doesn't understand.

But now that Peng Beicen has chosen Wang Ling on his own initiative, Sun Rong can only silently wish Peng Beicen good luck in his heart.

Anyway, it's just a test.

As long as Wang Ling is not married to this woman...

This was what she thought in her mind. Then she stepped aside very cooperatively.

On the other side, Wang Ling was also very obedient and silently walked forward.

Now that the arrow was on the string, he had no choice but to take action at this moment.

Wang Ling doesn't have any panic in his heart. After all, he is only possessed now. The control of the body can still be left to Emperor Dongda. And Emperor Dongda himself can freely control his own strength. There is no suppression. The situation of being unable to survive the battle.

However, as an emperor, even Emperor Dong himself did not have much confidence. He lived in the imperial palace all year round to deal with various important matters. The people around him were all top-notch experts.

Although this young lady from the Peng family looked extraordinary, in the final analysis she was just a young lady from an aristocratic family. He had no idea of her specific strength, let alone where to start.

"Senior Wang... If something goes wrong, you have to hold me back." Seeing Wang Ling return the sovereignty of his body to himself. Emperor Dong Dadi immediately understood that he wanted to take action himself.

Before taking action officially, he said this in his heart.

However, he received a ruthless reply from Wang Ying: "I'm sorry. I always only add gain buffs to people. I don't add attenuation properties."

Emperor Dong: "What does buff... mean?"

Wang Ying sighed: "It's just a buff spell."

Emperor Dong: "Okay. Senior, it's better not to act rashly. I will take care of it."

Helpless. Emperor Dong sighed. Then he took out a spiritual sword directly from his Emperor's Treasure Box.

This is already the worst of all the spiritual swords he has.

However, when Emperor Dong took it out, everyone at the scene showed shocked expressions.

"Qu Wang Sword? Isn't this the legendary spiritual sword?"





Chapter 1905 Damn Peng Xiren


"It's actually the Que King Sword?"

In the underground darkroom deep in the inner courtyard of the Peng family headquarters, Peng Xiren was sitting on a wide bench. While sipping tea, he looked at the picture projected by the magic ball in front of him. All the scenes of Peng Beicen's marriage in front of him. It's all in sight.

According to common sense, the younger sister chooses her husband. As an older brother, he should also help. But Peng Xiren thinks that there is no need at all now.

Sister is just a prop that can be used at critical moments to verify the path of cultivation he has chosen. It is also a one-time consumer product and can be discarded at any time after use.

This has been Peng Xiren's view since he was a child. And he extremely despises those sister-in-laws who hold their sisters in the palm of their hands to protect them.

At this time, he stared at the picture projected by the magic ball in front of him. Finally, he became somewhat interested in the previous boredom: "Is there no result yet?"

A black-robed attendant stood on the side. His voice was vicissitudes of life, and his strength was very impressive. He was no weaker than the guards around the emperor: "Master, we have tried our best to investigate, but we still haven't found the true identity of Wang Rongxia."

"Then I understand." Peng Xiren nodded. He had some realization in his mind: "It's really interesting. They came to propose marriage and came here under a false identity. It seems that their purpose is not simple. It should not only be to marry Bei. Came from Cen."

"Master suspects that their identities are false?" The black-robed guard was obviously a little surprised by this inference.

"Other than this answer. There seems to be no other reasonable explanation."

Peng Xiren smiled slightly: "My Peng family's influence spreads all over the four regions. The areas under the jurisdiction of the four emperors all have my Peng family's informants. If Wang Rongxia is a famous royal family, it is impossible for my Peng family not to pay attention to it."

"Of course. The above are just my personal guesses. It was only after the other party sacrificed this Que King Sword that I had a definite answer in my heart."

"The slave dared to ask. What's wrong with this Que King sword?" the black-robed guard bowed and asked.

"The Que King Sword is a legendary sword. It has a very special origin. Theoretically, only the Four Emperors own it. But now, this sword has fallen into the hands of a servant. Don't you think it's strange?"

"This..."

"And look at this servant. Although his clothes conform to the standard, he must have been specially packaged. He doesn't look like a servant at all."

Peng Xiren analyzed the situation while sipping tea, and directly broke down the situation outside the court: "I have heard about it before. The four emperors are very afraid of the development of my Peng family. They have repeatedly sent people to test. This A gathering of the Four Emperors actually gave them a good opportunity for communication. At the same time, this is something that my Peng family is particularly concerned about... However, if they had a secret meeting before the gathering of the Four Emperors, we would not know. ."

"Secret meeting?"

The black-robed guard looked surprised. He couldn't believe this at all: "This shouldn't be... right?"

You must know that not long ago, there was a vigorous fight between the Western Emperor and the Eastern Emperor. This resulted in irreconcilable conflicts among the royal families, large, medium and small tribes and casual cultivators of the two regions.

Now Peng Xiren suddenly put forward such a bold hypothesis. He believed that Wang Rongxia's true identity was a perfect false identity carefully packaged by the four emperors after the secret meeting of the four emperors.

Such a guess is not a bold one.

However, after the black-robed guard carefully considered this speculation, he felt that the possibility was not completely impossible...it was just difficult to explain why the two emperors who had been eager to fight as soon as they met suddenly shook hands and made peace. Start The Peng family was targeted with all guns blazing.

"Master, do you want us to drive them out?"

"That's not necessary." Peng Xiren shook his head: "He's here. And he dares to use a fake identity. Although I don't know how many emperors are involved in packaging this fake identity. But I think it's very interesting."

"And this servant chosen by Beicen. At first glance, he is a guard beside a certain emperor. He is also very strong. I know Beicen doesn't want to marry, so she must win this game."

"If you are not sure about winning, you will use what I gave her then..."

Speaking of this, Peng Xiren raised the corners of his mouth. There was a sinister smile in his gloomy expression.

...

On the other side, the huge Peng family headquarters. The battlefield in the inner courtyard has been set up. This was originally a place for the Peng family to practice. The venue is very spacious. Wang Ling took a quick look and measured the space. There were actually twenty people here. It's as big as a football field. And all the terrain is created inside.

Deserts, lakes, forests, rock walls... In order to satisfy the Peng family's practice for different spiritual roots, everything here has been set up.

Just one training ground has such a scale. The wealth of the Peng family is really shocking. And this is just one of the training grounds in the Peng family's headquarters.

The overall area of the Peng family's palace is indeed unimaginable. It is not an exaggeration to say that it is a replica of the imperial palace. In a sense, Wang Ling feels that it is larger than the imperial palaces of the four emperors. Style.

Peng Beicen was ready for battle. She was standing on a very high rockery, towering above a stone pillar. She was wearing a white robe and holding a cockroach bone sword.

Her cockroach bone is not a common thing. It is an object made by a famous weapon refiner from the ancient times. It has strong malleability. It is a retractable spiritual sword. When used, it can swallow mountains and rivers like a python and sweep away thousands of armies. Or it is as flexible and flexible as a spiritual snake. It is a spiritual sword with strong comprehensive performance.

But as we all know, powerful spiritual swords all come from the Sword King Realm. The Sword King Realm in the Eternal Era is still in its infancy.

At this time, the Cockroach Bone Sword and Sword Spirit already had a ranking in the Sword King Realm. In a sense, the Cockroach Bone Sword and Sword Spirit was also considered one of the ancestors of swords. However, later on, as the spiritual swords in the Sword King Realm became more and more diverse. The art of cockroach bone gradually declined.

According to the current ranking of the sword rankings, Cockbone's ranking cannot even enter the top one thousand.

In other words, if it is a normal game, Sun Rong's Aohai can indeed beat Peng Beicen and her cockroach bones.

However, if the Eternal Spirit Sword is used on the same timeline, it can be used against the Cockroach Bone.

During this period, Gu Gu was still a very powerful "Sword Ancestor".

"Are you ready, Mr. Servant?" Peng Beicen showed a gentle smile.

The next second. She moved.

His eyes were fixed on the body of Emperor Dong Da. It was cut directly across from a strange tilt angle. It was extremely ferocious. This kind of power was more terrifying than a python. It was the power of a dragon! As it swept across, it rolled up all over the sky. Water mist and ice crystals, along with the sweeping trajectory, freeze every inch they pass.

Are you practicing the dual methods of ice and water?

Emperor Dong Dadi didn't even frown. He didn't even mean to call the sword spirit. He also swung his sword at the trajectory of the cockroach bone.

Buzz!

Under the edge of the sword, the power of Emperor Dong alone shot out thousands of feet of sunlight at this moment!

In this brief moment, Peng Xiren suddenly stood up from the chair. I don't know if it was an illusion.

Although it was only a short moment.

He felt like he saw a King Kongque flying in the sky, emitting endless light and heat...





Chapter 1906 The Great Meat Grinder


The looming Kongque King Ming's Dharma only appeared for a brief moment. Under the blazing sunshine, it was like a ray of shadow. It disappeared in an instant. Peng Beicen failed to see the virtual image of the Dharma. But Peng Xiren, who was watching in the dark, did You can see it clearly.

He was at a higher level than Peng Beicen. He was observing the battlefield carefully in secret. Just after Dong Dadi performed this sword move called "Wanli Hong", his eyes widened in an instant. Weiwei's extremely smart mind was also at this moment. came to a standstill.

Peng Xiren was actually suspicious. He didn't know if he had seen it wrong.

Kongque King Ming's Dharma... This is the supreme Dharma's virtual body that was recently offered by Emperor Dong Da. There should be no one else who can cast it.

Could it be said that this person is Emperor Dongda himself?

No way...

Peng Xiren couldn't believe it in his heart. An emperor-level figure would go to such lengths for a trick and willingly serve as a servant.

How is this possible!?

Peng Xiren had a lot of thoughts in his mind. After all, this was just his wishful guess.

If the other party was really the Great Emperor, he probably wouldn't have deliberately exposed such a mistake for him to see. So after thinking about it carefully in his mind, he felt that he might have thought wrong.

This person must not be the Great Emperor. If he were the Great Emperor, he would never make such a low-level mistake...

As for how to explain the sudden appearance of King Kongque's Dharma Appearance, he thought that the origin of this servant should be that of a guard around Emperor Shidong. It is not surprising that he learned a few tricks under the influence. It can also be seen from the fact that the Dharma Appearance disappeared in an instant. I just summoned Kongque King Ming Dharma. It must be just a coincidence.

A supreme Dharma like this consumes a lot of spiritual energy. Staying in the void for one more second is a sea of spiritual energy loss. Ordinary people simply cannot bear it. Even if they learn this trick, they can only It's just a little brighter like this.

This was a fierce ideological collision from Peng Xiren's inner world. However, what Peng Xiren didn't know was that in fact, the Kongque Ming King's Dharma just made was a flaw deliberately exposed by Emperor Dong Da.

At the same time. This is also a secret instruction from Wang Ling.

He expected that Peng Xiren must be nearby to observe the battle, so he deliberately let Dong Dadi sell a flaw. With Peng Xiren's self-proclaimed smart and suspicious personality, he would definitely think about the problem from an angle that deviated from the truth of the matter. If he starts from the beginning The tail is covered very well. It is watertight and beats Peng Beicen. This will make it easier for problems to occur.

On the other side, on the training ground, Peng Beicen frowned slightly.

Just because this servant is much stronger than she imagined. Just one sword move actually defused her preemptive attack. If she doesn't take it seriously and go all out to deal with it, I'm afraid she won't be able to send this man away. .

She raised her spiritual power in an attempt to launch a new attack. The next moment, Dong Dadi felt the ground beneath his feet begin to shake, causing a massive earthquake.

The tide of snakes coming from all directions attracted the attention of everyone present. They were small elemental snakes summoned by the power of various elements. They were moving forward at an astonishing speed like lightning under the call of the cockroach bone sword spirit. They brought them with them. With the power of their respective elements, they charged forward in a boiling manner. The momentum of the rush made people shudder.

This scene is also a scene that makes those who are intensively afraid of it collapse.

These fierce little snakes are too terrifying. They gather forward at an astonishing speed, carrying a terrifying force. Taking advantage of their flexible bodies, they push forward, ignoring the terrain. They come from all directions and take the lead in the charge in an instant. A batch has arrived at the feet of Emperor Dongda.

It has to be said that Peng Beicen's ability to attract the beast tide is really amazing. This is a method of elemental transformation. He uses the water and ice spiritual roots he cultivated to use the ability of the spiritual sword to transform elements, thereby trying to achieve full attribute restraint. Function. Each of these elemental snakes coming from all directions has the ability to swallow the spiritual power of the corresponding element.

In other words, no matter what methods Dong Dadi resorts to next, they will be eliminated invisible.

But it's a pity that Peng Beicen missed one thing. That is, the person facing her at this moment is the emperor of a domain. Maybe this move will have a miraculous effect on others. However, as an emperor-level person, he has not seen what kind of situation the Eastern Emperor is in. pass.

Playing this kind of trick in front of the emperor is like dancing a sword in front of Guan Gong. Under normal circumstances, Emperor Dongda would immediately use the Suzaku Fire Shield to wrap himself tightly in all directions like egg shells. But now he is facing the elemental devouring force. Game. This move cannot be used easily.

It is true. He can also directly release the Supreme Kongque King Ming Dharma Protector. It is the holy flame that is superior to the five elements of fire. Ordinary elemental devouring flow spells cannot resist it at all. But Emperor Dong thought that the role he was playing now was that of a servant. .

Since he is a servant, he should behave like a servant.

So, at the moment when Emperor Dong Da was about to be surrounded by a tide of snakes, he set off again, waving the Que King Sword in his hand.

At first, the speed of the sword dance was very slow. But gradually, the sword flower in his hand speeded up, forming a phantom.

There is no magic blessing or the power of the spirit sword itself. It is purely based on the sword energy that rolls when the sword flower is swung quickly. Under the extremely high speed of the sword, a barrier built purely with ordinary sword energy is formed.

This speed was really too fast. Peng Beicen was surprised. She used her naked eyes to catch it, but it actually followed the rhythm completely.

Eh?

She was horrified. She watched eagerly as the elemental snakes wrapped around Emperor Dong were beheaded crazily. At this moment, Emperor Dong Dadi stood in the field, like a high-speed and ordinary meat grinder. Simply using his own The sword energy controlled the deadlock of this beast tide.

What is the origin of this servant?

In the secret room on the other side, Peng Xiren's face was cold. The initial calmness was no longer there. His eyes flickered. He had not spoken for a long time since the faint appearance of King Kongque's Dharma. The secret room was filled with excitement. With a breath of air-conditioning.

"Master. Miss, she seems to have reached an impasse. The origin of this servant must not be simple." The black-robed guard said.

"Waste."

Peng Xiren snorted. His anger was aroused. I don’t know what Peng Beicen was doing. Now it is obvious that he is no match for this servant in this situation. Even now, he has not thought of using the one he gave him. stuff.

That is the most holy magic weapon.

As long as you use it at the critical moment, you will definitely win.

But the premise is that there will be a certain degree of sequelae.

And even Peng Xiren himself doesn’t know what the sequelae are.

He handed the magic weapon to Peng Beicen, hoping to use his sister's body to test it. As a result, Peng Beicen's hesitant attitude really made him, the older brother, very angry.





Chapter 1907 Wang Ling finally takes action


Peng Beicen refused to use the magic weapon he gave him, which made Peng Xiren's head hurt.

It was a golden round elixir. This was how Peng Xiren introduced it to Peng Beicen when he sent it over.

However, in fact, Peng Xiren himself knew very well that this was not a pill at all, but an insect cyst obtained from the palace of the outer gods in the old world.

He has been communicating with the power of the old world, trying to control the world of eternal cultivation through the old world. But at the same time, Peng Xiren is a cautious person.

So he thought of many ways to test this power.

Peng Xiren remembers that he conducted two experiments on insect cysts in total.

For the first time, he threw the worm cyst into a glass of clean water. As a result, the powerful energy of the worm cyst directly turned the cup of clean water into a cup of cosmic liquid with high concentration of energy...

He did not dare to drink it directly. Instead, he poured the original liquid on a dying spiritual plant. As a result, the spiritual plant not only quickly resurrected, but also transformed into a terrifying rattan. It also gained very terrifying energy.

Not only that. This low-level rattan actually has wisdom. He calls himself "Ito".

Peng Xiren had never seen this situation before. So he made a decisive decision and cut off Ito before it fully developed.

The second time, he conducted the experiment on a long-legged insect named Qiao Ben. As a result, the long-legged insect received a huge energy gain. It also completed "evolution" on the original basis and became a kind of A terrifying creature between the world of cultivation and the old world.

However, it is a pity that the Qiaoben long-legged insect used for the experiment obviously did not adapt to the huge energy brought by the insect cyst. Peng Xiren didn't even take action. Qiaoben tripped to the ground due to his own long legs. ...The huge energy in its body fell heavily to the ground at that moment. The huge impact directly detonated the energy. In the end, not even fly ash was left.

At that time, Peng Xiren was sighing. If this Qiaoben long-legged insect can survive successfully, with this terrible growth ability, I am afraid it will not be surprising to be called a "genius" in the long-legged insect world.

However, Peng Xiren has never conducted experiments on humans.

From the results of the previous two experiments, he judged that the insect cyst indeed had the powerful ability to become stronger. It could even allow living beings to evolve.

However, the energy brought by the insect cysts is definitely not something that anyone can withstand. He has already experimented with two insect cysts, and now he still has two left in his hand.

In other words, if he wants to take the insect cyst, he will have an additional chance to experiment.

From the perspective of blood relationship and combat prowess, Peng Xiren believes that Peng Beicen is the most suitable candidate.

If Peng Beicen has any sequelae after swallowing the worm cyst, it should be the closest and most intuitive to him. In this way, after he swallows the worm cyst himself, he can be prepared in advance and take precautions.

The scene returned to the battle scene. After several consecutive battle defeats, Peng Beicen's confidence obviously dropped to a low point.

She never thought why a servant was so difficult to deal with...

Peng Beicen didn't want to get married at all. The reason for holding this large-scale son-in-law recruitment ceremony was that she wanted the man she liked to have some awareness of.

Although Peng Beicen knew very well that due to their awkward blood relationship, becoming a Taoist couple was destined to be nonsense. However, as a girl, she still expected to see the man she liked jealous of her.

But it was a pity that these people had already reached the door. That man still chose to observe the battle in secret.

Peng Beicen knew. The man gave him a golden pill.

If she swallows it, she has a high probability of winning.

But now Peng Beicen doesn't want to do that.

She was looking forward to being injured. She was even looking forward to seeing a scene where Peng Xiren could come to rescue her after she was injured.

But now it seems that all this seems to be just her wishful thinking.

Peng Beicen once had a little fantasy. She thought that Peng Xiren would be interested in her. She was even willing to undergo the most cruel "blood refining array" for Peng Xiren, so that her blood would be completely replaced from beginning to end. Jing. It has absolutely nothing to do with the Peng family.

But now Peng Beicen found out. After all, she paid by mistake.

"You don't have to think about your master. Those who spared me fought for a long time. They just consumed spiritual energy for no reason. This kind of battle is not interesting to me at all. And it also disrespects me." When the last one After the sword competition, Peng Beicen and Dong Dadi quickly distanced themselves. She stood at the mouth of the frozen waterfall in the distance. An extremely cold air was released from all over her body.

Peng Beicen is not stupid. She knows that the victory pill that Peng Xiren gave her must have its own purpose.

She didn't know the origin of this "elixir". She just believed that the man she liked would not use this elixir to harm herself.

At the moment, Peng Xiren is hesitant to take action. She herself is no match for Emperor Dong.

Peng Beicen didn't want to get married like this. So in despair, she took out the golden insect cyst.

"Finally. Is it about to begin..." Peng Xiren was overjoyed when he saw this scene. He had been waiting for a long time just for this moment.

When Peng Beicen put the insect cyst into her mouth, it could be clearly seen that the muscles and veins all over her body were exploding. The traces of blood flow could be clearly seen through her fair and jade-like skin.

This is the power from the old world. Wang Ling felt it at this moment.

Before, he could clearly feel that Peng Beicen was hesitating whether to swallow the worm cyst. And it was obvious that she was kept in the dark. She had no idea what the worm cyst was... But at this moment, she had already taken the worm cyst. The worm cyst was completely swallowed into the stomach.

In an instant, her fair skin was covered as densely as a spider web by the muscles that exploded wantonly. In a very short period of time, even her body turned into jet black color. She roared in pain. Her jet black hair looked like a wild beast. His hair grew like a hair at this moment.

The breath and combat power are continuously superimposed under the action of the insect sac.

At this time, Emperor Dong was completely stunned. When he fought against the Sun Goddess before, even if the Sun Goddess swallowed the pill given by Emperor Xi, she would not gain such a terrifying speed. But now Peng Beicen only swallowed one pill. That's it. This combat power is increasing rapidly at a speed visible to the naked eye.

In just ten seconds, he has reached the level of Heavenly Ancestor.

"It's been replaced." At this moment, Wang Ying finally couldn't bear it anymore and said directly.

The current situation is obviously beyond the ability of Emperor Dong to handle it.

So Wang Ying spoke directly.

On the other side, Wang Ling, who has been silent, is already ready to go.

My sister should be there to feel sorry for me.

In his opinion, damned people like Peng Xiren...should be sent directly to hell!





Chapter 1908 The power from the old world


Something was wrong. Peng Beicen's condition was very wrong. Her body became slender under the surge of energy in her body. The bulging veins were clearly imprinted on the surface of the skin.

She is obviously such a beautiful girl. Under the influence of the power of the old world, even her appearance has undergone tremendous changes.

The white robe on her body was completely torn. Her lower limbs turned into a string of indescribable slender purple tentacles, rolling outward. From a distance, it looked like the hem of a skirt in the dark night. It exuded a terrifying aura.

"How could..."

This was a scene that no one at the scene expected except Peng Xiren. The power of the Old World was too terrifying. As a human cultivator, Peng Beicen's genes were directly modified. He became an Old World under the dark night. A witch. She has the blessing of external divine power in her body, and it explodes outward uncontrollably.

The color of the sky has changed. The sky at dusk is covered with a layer of scarlet full of murder and terror. It is strange that people feel a strong sense of spiritual oppression.

"Awesome! So beautiful! Beicen! My good sister!" Peng Xiren was delighted in his heart. Such a huge power blessing made him feel extremely excited. He looked at the monster that had become a monster with admiration in his eyes. Peng Beicen.

To be honest, he never thought Peng Beicen was very beautiful. But now Peng Xiren feels that Peng Beicen is already a perfect human body art.

"Protect Master!"

Everyone at the Office of Strategic Deception saw this. The tacit understanding was abnormal. Monk Jin Deng, who played the role of Emperor Nan, took the initiative to pull Sun Rong back. Everyone worked together to form a magic circle. They protected Sun Rong on the surface, but secretly at the same time. A solid barrier was built to tightly wrap the entire Peng family headquarters.

This is an extremely powerful psychic protective shield. It gathers the psychic powers of everyone in the Office of Strategic Deception. It is airtight.

Although I don't know if I can deal with the alienated Peng Beicen's energy impact in the future, such protection is still necessary. At least it can buy the casual cultivators around me time to escape.

Because outside the battlefield at this time, many experienced casual cultivators have realized the danger infiltrated from the Peng family's headquarters.

"Something's wrong!"

"Why did the energy in the Peng family's headquarters suddenly increase so much?"

"It's just a competition. Is it necessary..."

Throughout the ages, casual cultivators have always been very good at predicting crises. If there is danger, run away. Don't force yourself. This is a major strategy for stepping into the path of immortality.

try{mad1('gad2');} catch(ex){}There were a few casual cultivators who took the lead and ran away. These people who were joining in the fun and watching quickly dispersed. They didn't dare to stay here at all.

Only the core members of the Office of Strategic Deception still played their respective roles and stayed at the scene to watch.

Even the manager of the Peng family was shocked. Peng Beicen's rampage was something he didn't expect. What made him even more unexpected was the servants brought by Mr. "Wang Rongxia" who came to get married...

If he read it correctly, these servants had just teamed up to set up an incredibly thick barrier-type barrier that directly enveloped the entire Peng family headquarters. This was definitely not something that ordinary servants could do.

"What...what are you..." the Peng family manager asked in astonishment.

"Be quiet. Can't you see? Your young lady is in danger now. Our master's strongest servant is saving her." Xiang Yi, who plays Emperor Xi, said.

In his original world, there were also records of battles with old Japanese creatures.

One win, one draw... This always made Xiang Yi feel deeply resentful towards such creatures. This time he had such an opportunity to observe up close. He felt that it was also a perfect opportunity to learn from Wang Ling.

The manager of the Peng family was speechless for a moment.

Indeed. The situation in front of him is no longer under his control.

The moment he saw Peng Beicen running away, he hoped that Peng Xiren would appear.

However, for such an unexpected situation, no one in the Peng family responded at this time. The Peng family's headquarters has worked for the Peng family for many years. He figured out the stakes here almost instantly...knowing all this . Maybe it’s all Peng Xiren’s benefit.

But why is this?

Obviously Peng Beicen... is his sister...and also his biological sister...

At this time, the manager of the Peng family frowned deeply and stared at the sky crushed by darkness. Now the entire Peng family palace was sealed. The powerful power from the old world seemed to be able to control everything here. Everything was destroyed. All covered. Isolated from the world.

It can be seen that Peng Beicen gained tremendous strength under the influence of the insect cyst. However, at the same time, she also suffered endless pain.

With Peng Beicen as the center, the energy that was released wantonly stirred the void, crushed everything, and swallowed up the nearby space.

It is a power of annihilation. Everything close to it will be disintegrated in an instant.

Heavenly Ancestor triple!

In less than three minutes, her realm has transcended from the original Dao God realm to Heavenly Ancestor in one fell swoop, and is still rising.

try{mad1('gad2');} catch(ex){}Wang Ling knows in his heart. He can't wait any longer. He must find a way to suppress Peng Beicen. Now Peng Beicen is like a bird full of energy. Balloon. He used his human cultivator body to support the power of the old world.

If this force is allowed to continue to expand, the consequences will be disastrous.

"Heavenly Ancestor...Bei Cen! You are really more outstanding and beautiful now than ever." In the secret room, Peng Xiren was secretly excited.

He watched Peng Beicen's transformation with fascination. At the same time, he was looking forward to the scene of Peng Beicen crushing the servant in front of him.

No matter how extraordinary Wang Rongxia's origins are, and no matter how otherworldly his servants are, this servant is just a servant after all.

In the current situation, with Peng Beicen growing infinitely, it is useless no matter what the origin of the servant that King Rong Xia takes action is. Even if he is the emperor, how can he do it?

Even if the emperor comes, he will still die!

Buzz! A sound!

Peng Beicen took action.

The skirt of the tentacles under her feet spread out quickly, completely covering the front. These tentacles contained high-density energy bubbles. Just walking in the air carried a terrifying power of annihilation.

Wang Ling releases the Heart Sword. The sword's intention is traceless. It attempts to cut off all the tentacles.

This is a kind of sword intention constructed with mental power. However, Peng Beicen in front of him completely ignored the sword intention and still followed his original will to attack.

There is a reason for such confidence.

Her tentacle skirt can not only affect reality, but also destroy mental power. Wang Ling once dealt with the alien gods of the old world. Although it was not a direct confrontation, it was with those who also inherited the blood of the alien gods. Fenmu Shen completed the game. However, he found that the mental power of the outer gods was generally extremely terrifying.

Although Wang Ling has not yet seen that Peng Beicen is now under the influence of some external god's power, such a strong sense of oppression still makes Wang Ling feel a familiar feeling.

At this time. Wang Ling looked up at the sky and took a deep breath.

The Heart Sword attack just now failed.

But it doesn't matter at all.

Just increase the mental strength of the Heart Sword...

He decided to magnify it 100 million times for now.

:





Chapter 1909 100 Million Times Heart Sword


Heart Sword No Trace. This is the supreme secret method in Sword. It cannot be used by those who are not Sword practitioners.

As the name suggests, this is a technique that softens one's own mental power into reality, thereby converting invisible psychic energy into sharp sword intent. It is an attack at the level of mental flow and consciousness flow. However, it can affect reality.

In other words, if you are stabbed by the Heart Sword, you will not only be attacked at the mental level, but also suffer an equal amount of physical damage.

In the old world, the mental power of the outer gods was mostly extraordinary. Extraordinary cultivators could fight against them. However, defeating the opponent from the area they were most familiar with was always what Wang Ling was most willing to try.

Because Wang Ling doesn’t believe that he is really invincible. He thinks that he cannot be a true hexagon warrior. There must be something that is his weakness...

In many battles in the past. Wang Ling has experienced countless physical and magical confrontations.

What a pity. He never lost once.

So this time, he faced another new challenge.

The Outer Gods are all old bosses in the spiritual series. Although I had the experience of defeating Fenmu Shen last time, Fenmu Shen actually did not completely inherit Sotos's outer Heavenly Dao tradition.

This time Peng Beicen was plotted by Peng Xiren and swallowed the worm cyst. Even though it is not yet clear what the outer god's orthodoxy is.

But Wang Ling has already felt the mental power he unleashed. Peng Beicen is stronger than Fenmu Shen back then. At least in terms of mental power, Peng Beicen has an absolute advantage.

The Sotos tradition inherited by Fenmu Shen. Although the spiritual power is equally powerful, the opponent's strength lies in the control of time and space.

In terms of mental strength alone, Peng Beicen's growth is even more amazing than Fenmu Shen.

When Wang Ling's first wave of tentative Heart Sword failed under the powerful mental fluctuations, his second wave of Heart Sword with a power of 100 million times was rapidly generated around him, directly turning into a Lotus Sword Circle. Arm Wang Ling to be airtight.

Wang Ling stared at Peng Beicen, who was getting more and more swollen. Without any hesitation. Wherever his lazy eyes pointed, the 100 million times Heart Sword suddenly shot out.

In the void ahead, deep runes from the old world appeared. They lit up at the same moment. Those were the outer spiritual barriers that previously blocked Wang Ling's first wave of Heart Sword attacks.

Boom!

This time, with 100 million times the power of the Heart Sword, all these old runes were destroyed effortlessly. They were completely shattered in an instant.

The Peng family's headquarters was shaken. The violent fluctuations centered on the battle site between the two spread out in all directions, destroying dozens of palaces.

try{mad1('gad2');} catch(ex){}The chief manager of the Peng family was dumbfounded. The buildings of his Peng family's headquarters were all made of high-quality materials. Even Dao God's spell impact could be resisted. . I never thought that it would be as crispy as tofu curd.

At the moment when the outer god's spiritual barrier collapsed, Peng Beicen let out a painful roar at the same time. The gradually expanding old bloodline in her body showed an unyielding attitude. The old Japanese creatures have always regarded human cultivators as inferior creatures. Wang Ling's resistance completely activated the contempt and anger flowing in his bloodline.

Peng Beicen's power surged again. This time he directly reached the astonishing sixth level of Heavenly Ancestor. He also directly raised to the third level of small realm. It made Wang Ling feel incredible.

Her body became more swollen than before. It was no longer as slender as a branch. From a skinny dark witch, it turned into a huge mass of flesh floating in the void like a mountain.

There are tentacles all over the bottom of the meat piece. Mucus with terrifying energy density drips down along the tentacles. At the top of the meat piece. Wang Ling can clearly see Peng Beicen's face roaring in pain. face.

"Shayani Gusi..." At this time, Emperor Dong suddenly spoke.

As the Great Emperor, he has been wary of the resurgence of the old power. Therefore, he has been doing a lot of personal research on the ancient world. At first, he could not see what kind of power from the outside gods Peng Beicen inherited. Now he sees this and Legend has it that a similar body of an alien god was described in ancient books. A name instantly blurted out from his mouth.

That is the terrifying existence known as the "Dark Mother Goddess" among the Outer Gods. It possesses the supreme spiritual control ability. It even has the ability and life recovery power to breed endless Old Dominators.

Moreover, Emperor Dong can be sure that Peng Beicen will never explode because he inherited the bloodline of Sayani Gusi. This is because Peng Beicen has now entered the intermediate form, and the bloodline of Sayani Gusi has completely contaminated her.

Relying on Sayani Gusi's powerful life recovery power, Peng Beicen's life will also be preserved.

But it is obvious that Peng Beicen's current will has not been completely swallowed up. He is still desperately resisting this declining alien god bloodline.

However, in such an extreme state, in order to relieve the pain of her body, her instinct was to release the power in her body.

As a result, greater destruction and attack occurred.

Just when the 100 Million Times Heart Sword broke through the outermost barrier and continued to rush forward. Wang Ling saw the tentacles hanging below the pieces of meat suddenly move. It plunged directly into the earth. Then it penetrated into the core of Penglai Star at an extremely fast speed.

try{mad1('gad2');} catch(ex){} is like countless straws piercing the planet at the same time. It wants to directly drain the energy of the planet. And once the energy of the planet is completely drained. The planet will directly disintegrate and become dust in the universe.

It can be clearly seen that the plants that depend on Penglai Planet will wither and turn yellow in an instant. This withering, centered on the Peng family headquarters, will directly spread to every corner of Penglai Planet until this planet. The energy was completely drained.

Under such energy extraction, the 100 million times Heart Sword failed to achieve the desired effect of Wang Ling. Although his Heart Sword continued to advance, Peng Beicen also continued to build barriers at the same time, weakening the Heart Sword. The power of the sword cannot make the 100 million times Heart Sword reach the core.

Wang Ling sighed in his heart.

However, two consecutive encounters with the wall did not change his expression at all. After all, it was only 100 million times. He was far from reaching his peak.

He could see that Sayani Gusi had entered a defensive posture. This dark mother goddess among the outer gods was trying to drain the energy of the planet to achieve a higher-level bloodline form between herself and Peng Beicen.

And by that time, it will be able to continuously produce terrifying Old Dominators with the power of the Dark Mother Goddess. By then, the recovery plan of the old world will be more than half successful!

However, a scene that Sayanigusi didn't expect happened soon.

Because at this time, the human boy standing in front of it slowly closed his eyes.

The scene first entered a period of deathly silence. Then the next moment, a horrifying scene happened.

This time, the young man's sword was not aimed at the huge piece of meat that covered the sky. Instead, it went straight to the ground in the direction of the tentacles!

Boom!

With just one sword strike, the Penglai Star has been pierced!

Sayani Gusi then Peng Beicen's body and mind began to feel a little dazed... It's unbelievable. A young human cultivator can actually do this.

Then in the next second, an even more incredible scene happened for her.

I saw Wang Ling bending down. Crouching at the hole that was drilled through. His advantageous arm penetrated along the hole and then extended indefinitely!

That is the real hand of God. It grabs directly along the entrance of the cave to the depths.

Then, he directly grabbed the tentacles that were absorbing the star core energy from Sayani Gusi...





Chapter 1910 Damn it. He did it again!


Facing the mental barriers set up layer by layer. Wang Ling had been thinking about the possibility of a frontal breakthrough before. The 100 Million Times Heart Sword only broke through the outermost barrier. So if he wanted to break into the core area directly, he still needed to Increase the intensity.

But the problem before Wang Ling is that he doesn't know how much strength he needs to add. What if he adds too much? He accidentally kills Peng Beicen... This is also It's not what Wang Ling wants to see.

His original intention was to rescue Peng Beicen and put Peng Beicen out of pain as soon as possible. If he destroyed Peng Beicen directly, the problem would become simpler.

So at this critical moment, Wang Ling suddenly came to his senses and directly aimed at the star core of Penglai Star. He directly reached into the ground and grabbed the tentacles of the outer god Sayani Gusi.

Such a roundabout attack suddenly allowed Wang Ling to regain control of the battlefield situation. It was like grabbing a cat by the tail and breaking through directly to the front.

"Buzz!"

Harsh sounds came from the void. It was the scream from Sayani Gusi. It sounded like the roar of the Dark Mother Goddess. But in fact, it was Sayani Gusi singing in his own way. Using Languages of the Old World.

This terrifying alien god is exploding with anger. And it has already seen that the Emperor Dong in front of it is not the real Emperor Dong. It knows that there are other souls in the body of Emperor Dong.

So it roared in the language of the past. And scolded Wang Ling for the rude behavior of grabbing its tentacles. It swore a dark oath to pull Wang Ling's soul out of the body of the Eastern Emperor. .

Just the next second. Boom!

Terrifying mental fluctuations were instantly transmitted along the tentacle held by Wang Ling. Electric current generally flowed directly up Wang Ling's fingers.

If one comes into direct contact with this mental wave under the Dao Ancestor condition, the whole person will immediately feel a sense of paralysis that spreads up through the fingers and spreads throughout the body.

Then there will be hallucinations. In more serious cases, you will lose consciousness directly, lose your soul, and enter a state of separation of body and soul. At that time, these terrible alien gods from the old world can eat away the soul.

But what surprised Sayani Gusi was that this mental fluctuation did not have the slightest impact on the young man in front of him... It was puzzled in its heart. It couldn't understand the young soul living in Dong Dadi's body. What exactly was it? How can it exist.

A soul of sixteen or seventeen years old. The terrifying strength of an eternal monster. Sayani Gusi could not figure out why a cultivator with a human body could be so powerful.

try{mad1('gad2');} catch(ex){}In the secret room. Peng Xiren also stared at the picture projected by the magic weapon in front of him. He stood up from the chair involuntarily. He stared at the servant. His face His expression was trembling. You never expected that a servant could be so powerful.

"Who...is this person?" Peng Xiren was in a very confused mood at the moment.

He infinitely admires the power from the old world. In fact, he wants to use this power from the old world to combine it with the way of cultivation he has mastered. Through the mutual blending of the two methods, he can learn from each other's strengths and offset his weaknesses, thus allowing him to become a cultivator. His body surpasses that of a cultivator in the general sense. He becomes the first person in history! He becomes the supreme existence!

Yes. His ultimate goal is to surpass Dao Ancestor Wang! Become a legend engraved in the history of human cultivators!

But Peng Xiren never thought that the dream he had been chasing for many years would have been beaten to the punch...

He is obviously a human cultivator, but he uses his own strength to resist the power of foreign gods from the old world.

This was something Peng Xiren could never have imagined. At this moment, when he looked at the scene in front of him, he felt his cheeks hurt. It was as if two loud slaps had hit his face.

"Impossible! This is an alien god! Even if Dao Ancestor Wang comes here in person, he may not be able to defeat him!" Peng Xiren was a little panicked. He was surprised by Wang Ling's methods.

At this time, he had a vague feeling. He thought that the identity of the young man standing here and dueling with the foreign gods was no ordinary servant. There might even be other unsolved secrets about this person.

At this moment, Wang Ling was holding the tentacle. He felt the power of spiritual transmission from Sayani Gusi seeping into his palm.

However, not only did it not break his spirit, but this mental force was like pouring coffee into him, making his mental state better than before.

This is not a mental shock at all. For Wang Ling, it is a kind of mental recharging...

At this time, the thought in Wang Ling's mind was that if I could use this to recharge myself when reviewing how to score points before the exam, it would be more effective than drinking eight walnuts.

He originally thought that this game would be the same as before. The more he played, the more boring he felt. But in the end, this tentacle grabbing thing made him more energetic.

This time Wang Ling didn't even yawn. He directly grabbed the tentacle caught from the Penglai Galaxy and pulled the entire outer god tentacle out of the ground.

Then... a horrifying scene happened.

try{mad1('gad2');} catch(ex){}I saw Wang Ling dragging the tentacle directly with that small body. It directly pulled Sayani Gusi up. It was as big as a mountain. The dark black piece of meat was connected to the tentacle. The whole thing was held in Wang Ling's hand.

Boom!

Wang Ling dragged Sayani Gusi in place by dragging its tentacles and began to spin around.

He was merciless. He directly dragged Sayani Gusi and beat her from left to right. The expression on his face was very relaxed.

It's hard to imagine that an alien god would be grabbed by his tentacles by a human boy and pushed to the ground and rubbed without dignity.

Everyone felt a strong sense of suffocation. Wang Ling was too strong. He was worthy of a man with the appearance of an immortal king. His movements made the world tremble. The entire Penglai planet shook and roared. Everyone watching the battle was stunned. Jaw dropped. Shocked.

As Sayani Gusi was continuously beaten back and forth by Wang Ling, the space here was shattered. The void collapsed.

The poor Dark Mother Goddess was beaten to the point where she couldn't even speak. Those screams and angry sounds from before were swallowed directly into her stomach by Wang Ling.

Of course. In addition to sighing at Wang Ling's incredible power, everyone present was also shocked by the Outer God's astonishing blood volume.

Because this blood is really thick...

No normal cultivator can withstand a slap from Wang Ling. Even someone as strong as monk Jin Deng can only withstand ten palms from Wang Ling at most.

This foreign god Sayani Gusi has been beaten by Wang Ling nearly twenty times. He was almost smashed into meat cakes. He still looked like he was doing well. It was really scary.

After being beaten for thirty times, Wang Ling stretched the muscles on his neck. He took off the outer garments of Dong Dadi, wearing only the base white clothes. Then he took off his clothes. The sleeves were rolled up.

"Warm up. End."

At this time, he stared at Sayani Gusi who was thrown to the ground by him and seemed to have fainted. He said coldly.

The words were extremely brief, but they shocked the faces of everyone present and Peng Xiren in the secret room.

What did they hear?

Warm up...warm up?

The scene of beating the Outer God was so magnificent just now. It was just a warm-up?

Damn it. He did it again!





Chapter 1911 The eternal king. Unparalleled splendor


Who is it...

The moment Wang Ling took off his outer robe and rolled up his sleeves, Peng Xiren seemed to see the back of a god emitting brilliant light.

He couldn't see through who the person in this body was. But he could intuitively feel the shining powerful soul. It was the key to maintaining this body's invincibility.

Facing the outer gods, the sanctified physical body is obviously not enough.

As the Great Emperor, Emperor Dong Dai's body must be tempered by the Suzaku fire every day. Before he became the emperor, he had already reached the state of physical sanctification.

After that, he exercised day after day and continuously improved the strength of his physical body. Such a body is indeed much stronger than those of the eternal cultivators of the royal family.

However, after the battle with the Outer God, Wang Ling could still clearly feel that the strength of this body was not enough. In the process of the beating just now, because of the huge force impacting the Outer God, and at the same time due to the reaction Relationship. The shock caused Emperor Dong’s body to feel a faint ache.

But it was only Emperor Dong that felt the pain, because he was the owner of this body. Although Wang Ling controlled this body, he was also a little irritated by Emperor Dong's wails.

Therefore, he took off this robe and planned to apply secret techniques on this body to make the physical body stronger than before.

At this moment, Emperor Dong's upper body was emitting golden light. Runes appeared on his body.

This is not a magic talisman. It is not an eternal mysterious text. It is not the text of any tribe in the universe. However, it exudes a powerful divinity that seems to come from the origin of the universe.

"Immortal King's Seal!" Wang Ying was secretly surprised. His heart was horrified.

Even he didn't expect that Wang Ling would resort to such means at a critical moment.

This is a secret method that combines the natal dharma with the designated soul and body. It is completely controlled by the will of Wang Ling. Once the fusion is achieved, a shining golden divine imprint will appear on the body!

As the shadow of Wang Ling, Wang Ying knows the origin of this technique... If the person he faces is not a strong enemy, Wang Ling will never use such a move at this time.

The natal dharma sign. Wang Ling was only shown once a long time ago. And at that time, it was not to the point of directly combining the natal dharma sign to fight. It was still mostly intimidation and shock.

try{mad1('gad2');} catch(ex){}This time. When Wang Ying saw the "immortal king's seal" densely covered on Dong Dadi's body, Wang Ying knew clearly... Wang Ling Seriously.

The warm-up he said earlier was not just a simple talk.

Buzz!

Under the blessing of the Immortal King's Seal, Emperor Dong's fair and delicate body received even more powerful blessings. His body seemed to have become the center of the universe.

Everyone vaguely saw the body surrounding Emperor Dong. The sun, moon and stars were hovering nearby. Under the blessing of the Immortal King's Seal, his physical body evolved directly in one fell swoop and became the Immortal King's Body!

The prototype of the universe was born directly in the physical body. It was terrifying.

call out!

The next moment, Emperor Dong Dadi set off. His speed was extremely fast. His boundless magic power allowed him to approach Sayani Gusi without any hindrance.

Boom!

Stomping down, the earth collapsed. It was as if there were endless stars from the universe hitting the earth's surface. The land under my feet was shaken into flames. It was like a volcano erupting. The endless collision of divine fire turned into huge mushroom clouds boiling here. .

Sayaniguth was burned to the point of roaring in pain. Its tentacles were burned into scorched earth.

Wang Ling's foot stepped directly on the belly of the Dark Mother Goddess. Its body was instantly ignited. It spread along the trajectory of the tentacles to the entire lower body.

At that moment, you can see Sayani Gusi vomiting out a lot of mucus, using the mucus to fill up the divine fire on its body. Although it seemed to have been beaten unilaterally, it did not give up its resistance.

The powerful self-healing power caused its burned tentacles to grow back. At the same time, Wang Ling also noticed that Sayani Gusi sprayed out many jet-black meat balls.

This is a creature bred from it. The first wave of spit contained more than a hundred meatballs. It was as huge as a mountain. It split immediately after landing on the ground for a few seconds.

It was an ancient creature bred from its mother's body. A terrifying giant beast called the Black Goat. Each of them was astonishingly terrifying in size only when they were young. Their fighting power was astonishing. It seemed as if they could be crushed with their own iron hooves. everything.

At the same time, in Wang Ling's view, this kind of reproductive ability is indeed amazing.

Even when she was completely beaten by him, she was able to give birth to so many monsters.

This is the terrifying thing about this dark mother goddess.

try{mad1('gad2');} catch(ex){}If Wang Ling is not here, I am afraid that this wave of impact alone, even if the emperor appears, may not be able to stop such an invasion.

These black goats are amazing when they are young. As long as there are ten black goats, destroying a Penglai star is not a problem at all.

And now, there are hundreds of them gestating and not gestating here.

The Dark Mother Goddess's powerful reproductive ability allows it to continuously create legions of black goats. At the same time, these black goats bred also have amazing reproductive capabilities.

But it's a pity that Sayani Gusi made a mistake after all, because the person it was facing at this moment was not an ordinary person.

Wang Ling moved very quickly. He grabbed a black goat directly from the air. He bumped it unceremoniously towards Sayani Gusi. The sheep was as big as a mountain. Wang Ling was controlled by the gravity of the universe. It was completely effortless. .

He just stood there and slowly raised his hands. In just a moment, the aura of dominating the world flourished.

Everyone here is stunned. No one has seen Wang Ling continuously casting powerful spells. In the past, this problem could only be solved with a few slaps at most.

At this moment, the young man stood in the field with the body of Emperor Dong. His every move exuded the majesty of an unparalleled and unparalleled immortal king.

Time and space here seem to have been cut off. Countless black goats were lifted directly by Wang Ling.

Just in their bodies, golden light seeped out. Then it slowly began to surge along their bodies. It penetrated from every pore of their bodies. Cracks...

Boom!

The next second. The moment Wang Ling closed his palms, his body exploded instantly!

"It's too strong...Is this still a human being?" After his body was marked with the Immortal King's Seal, Emperor Dong no longer felt physical pain. Not only did he stop screaming, but he also maintained a quiet and gasping tone throughout the process. status.

The power of this senior king was beyond his expectation. Those were hundreds of black goats! The legions of Outer Gods bred from the body of the Dark Mother Goddess descended here in dense numbers and were bred. I thought they could destroy the Penglai Star. The whole thing was trampled to pieces.

As a result, they didn't jump around for long before they were all caught in the air. Under Wang Ling's remote blast, they turned into powder...





Chapter 1912 Seal the Outer God


"So strong..."

Sun Rong was moved. His eyes were unconsciously attracted to Wang Ling. Although he looked like Emperor Dong Da, his back view and the boyish feeling he had in scolding Fang Qiu could not be concealed. live.

In a blur, she seemed to see the back of Emperor Dong Da and the back of Wang Ling overlapping each other.

This time, Wang Ling's action was magnificent and shocking. It was a true display of divine power. It made everyone in the arena excited.

The Peng family manager and all the Peng family servants who gathered around him to accept the protection of the Office of Strategic Deception and others were all dumbfounded. They were all stunned. They could almost swallow an ostrich egg in their mouths.

Wang Ling is so fierce. It is simply invincible. The posture of standing on the spot and sweeping all directions is extremely domineering. But the figure that is as solid as a rock and stands motionless shows the color of wind and light.

This is not the scariest thing.

Because people who are familiar with Wang Ling know that this is still not Wang Ling's strongest combat power. Because his seal has not been revealed yet. Even if he controls the body of Emperor Dongda with his soul. Wang Ling The power of the soul is maximized at the moment the seal is unveiled.

In other words, Wang Ling still completed the beating of the foreign god in a sealed state.

And this is still when the Dark Mother Goddess has grown to a mid-to-high-level state. Although she has not completely reached the high-level form, Wang Ling's look of ease has proven that even if the Dark Mother Goddess reaches the high-level form, Useless.

The moment when hundreds of black goats were grabbed by Wang Ling and crushed to pieces with the immortal king's secret power.

roar!

The Dark Mother Goddess roared immediately. Its nerves seemed to have been severed, and it roared in agony. Dark purple alien blood gushes out from the damaged parts of its body.

Although it has strong self-healing ability, it still fell into weakness after enduring long-term abuse from Wang Ling. The self-healing speed was obviously much slower than before.

This is the effect of the Immortal King's Seal on Wang Ling. Eighty-one forbidden spells are imposed on it at the same time. This directly blocks the possibility of various recovery and resurrection-like forbidden spells.

However, even in this situation, the Dark Mother Goddess can still heal herself very weakly. This is also something that makes Wang Ling feel a little surprised.

After all, he has rarely encountered such a durable guy.

try{mad1('gad2');} catch(ex){}But according to Wang Ling's calculation, the hundreds of black goats he just crushed to death were a heavy blow to the Dark Mother Goddess. .

According to its original plan, it was originally intended to delay time by creating these black goats so that it could evolve to a high-level state, and then continuously breed new black goat armies.

But alas. Its plans fell apart.

Wang Ling crushed these black goats to death too quickly. It had only just been summoned. It took only tens of seconds, and not a single one was left.

In its original judgment, its black goat army would never be that weak. Even summoning just two of them would be enough to pester the young man for a while.

However, it miscalculated. And it will also face the concentrated soul backlash caused by hundreds of black goats exploding to death at the same time.

Although the Dark Mother Goddess had tried her best to stabilize her body, such concentrated backlash still caused fluctuations in her huge flesh.

Poof!

In its body, part of Peng Beicen's body was spit out. Originally, Peng Beicen's whole body was swallowed up. Only a painful and ferocious face was left. The whole person was like a thumbtack deeply embedded in this huge piece of flesh. .

But now, Peng Beicen's upper body has been completely vomited out. This indicates that Sayani Gusi has lost control of Peng Beicen.

This is a perfect opportunity. Let everyone realize that the next step may be the decisive moment.

Even at this time, Wang Ling was still so calm. His feet never moved. It was like a strong pine piercing the earth.

Buzz!

An index finger was raised. It was pointed at Shaye Verus's body suddenly. With a bang, a shocking sound came. It was like the collision of a bell on the avenue, emitting a dazzling golden light.

No one could clearly see how Wang Ling's finger guided the outer god. He remained motionless on the spot. From a long distance away, he poked a huge hole in the outer god's body.

And this is far from over. The aurora at Wang Ling's fingertips carries world-shaking power. Wave after wave of raindrops are as dense as raindrops and are blasted forward. Like divine arrows piercing the sky.

The foreign god was obviously unable to resist. The huge piece of meat collapsed like meat on the chopping board. Wang Ling used his finger power to accurately segment the outline. As much as possible, Peng Beicen's body and The outer gods are separated. Divided.

try{mad1('gad2');} catch(ex){}"It's done!"

The moment Peng Beicen completely fell off the huge piece of meat, Jin Deng took action instantly. He swarmed up with the clothes prepared by Sun Rong, Liu Qingyi and You Yueqing. He was not afraid of foreign gods at all. Peng Beicen caught Peng Beicen who fell off the piece of meat.

The Outer God has completely collapsed. Therefore, Monk Jin Deng is not afraid of this move. And only the monk who is usually not a womanizer does it himself, so that no one will have any objections.

What's more, the monk himself is now playing the role of the empress. This painting looks extremely beautiful from a distance, and there is no sense of dissonance.

He only waited for the moment when the monk successfully caught Peng Beicen. Wang Ling then nodded secretly and began to prepare for his next move with confidence.

He jumped up. He was above the void. The impressions of the Immortal King all over his body began to move forward from his body as if they were given life. They gradually gathered in the palm of his hand.

Boom!

Wang Ling's palm moved forward. The huge immortal king's seal turned into a giant net. It directly pressed down from the sky and wrapped all the huge flesh of the Dark Mother Goddess in it.

This is the "King's Palm" derived from the immortal king's seal. With one palm, all things can be suppressed. Sayani Gusi was already beaten to residual blood and was unable to resist. Now that this palm is used, he will be let go immediately. It's tied up.

There was absolutely no resistance left. Even the roar was firmly suppressed by Wang Ling in the seal in the palm. When the runes of the immortal king's seal climbed onto Sayani Gusi's body.

The runes on it immediately began to shrink from all directions, compressing the black piece of meat infinitely. The body of the Dark Mother Goddess was like a piece of cooked pork filled with water. In the end, only a small block remained. size.

It's hard to imagine that such a powerful alien god could be sealed like that.

And seeing Peng Beicen being rescued, and the outer god being completely sealed, Peng Xiren, who had been hiding in the dark room, finally couldn't hold it in any longer. He was shaking with anger and was about to rush out.

What he didn't expect was that Wang Ling had already noticed him.

Before he could move, the land above his secret room was completely lifted away by the young man's wave...

At this moment, Wang Ling stood on the edge with his hands behind his back, staring down at him.





Chapter 1913 Everything is predestined.


Even Wang Ling himself never thought that he would meet Peng Xiren again in eternity.

He looked at Peng Xiren's shocked face and couldn't help but sigh in his heart.

The Peng Xiren of the Eternal Era is still too weak compared to the modern Peng Xiren. The current Peng Xiren has not even reached the ancestral realm.

However, at Peng Xiren's age, it is not an exaggeration to call him a genius.

At this moment, this is a non-still picture. However, Peng Xiren has been frozen in fright by the sudden appearance of Wang Ling.

Wang Ling was very helpless. It was obvious that he did not use any immobilizing spells. He did not even use spiritual pressure. The aura alone made Peng Xiren stiff.

This is normal. After all, not everyone can fight with an external god.

Wang Ling easily solved Sayani Gusi and sealed him directly. He also saved Peng Beicen's operation, which obviously shocked Peng Xiren's soul.

Peng Xiren has always believed in the supremacy of the old days and the law of the supremacy of outer gods. He also tried to use the power of outer gods to combine with existing cultivation to create a hybrid new power.

This idea seems to Wang Ling to be really whimsical.

At this time, Wang Ling jumped down from the outer edge. He walked slowly to Peng Xiren and looked at him.

For Wang Ling, many unexplainable things seemed to be explained clearly at this moment. He suddenly understood why he came to eternity to face this script that was twisted by Peng Xiren.

He thought that there was no necessary relationship between the distortion of the script and his arrival, because even if he did not come, the direction of the eternal script would still be distorted by Peng Xiren.

And except for him, no one can fight against the foreign gods so easily.

So he came to Eternity. To be precise, it was an inevitable choice.

In order to destroy the outer gods and strangle this old power in the cradle, he and the people from the Office of Strategic Deception will appear here.

Although Wang Ling was a little angry about this matter from the beginning. He felt that he was being used and was forcibly arranged to come to Eternity.

Even now Wang Ling also wants to know who this person who went to great lengths to arrange for his coming to eternity is.

But now he suddenly realized that the whole story of this matter didn't seem that important anymore...

The only thing that is certain is that neither Fenmu Shen nor Bai Zhe has this ability.

They were just taking advantage of the opportunity. They just knew that something was wrong with them, so they took advantage of every opportunity to deal with the Wang family and capture Wang Muyu while he was away.

If you want to arrange him based on the abilities of these two people, they are still far away.

This group of people. Wang Ling will also have to settle accounts sooner or later.

Anyone who disturbs his peaceful daily life is unforgivable.

At this time, Wang Ling looked at his palm, thinking deeply in his heart.

In this universe now, there is only one person who can arrange him. Wang Ling can only think of one...

So combine it with the truth at hand.

The whole reason why he came to this eternal world starts with the incident where Chen Qin's classmate accidentally discovered that Li Xuan, a short video blogger who looked very similar to himself, suddenly disappeared from the world.

If this incident was planned from beginning to end, then Wang Ling is almost certain that this Li Xuan is actually a fictional character that does not exist at all.

Similar to Bai Zhe's brain ability. It is a chess piece created to guide order and promote the development of events...

This truth also made Wang Ling slightly relieved.

If it was just a fictional character that didn't exist, he would be much more relieved.

Eternity, outer gods, the will of the universe... these things are too dangerous. He doesn't want innocent people to be involved.

So now. Wang Ling still has to think carefully about how to explain to that classmate Chenqin...

...

"Have you been frozen in fear?" At this moment, Monk Jin Deng appeared behind Wang Ling.

He had left Peng Beicen under the care of Sun Rong. The people in the Office of Strategic Deception were also beginning to integrate their own resources to treat Peng Beicen's injuries.

Plenty of pills were delivered to Peng Beicen's mouth for free. Anyway, they were just playing roles. These pills were not their own. They didn't feel distressed at all when using them.

"Yes."Wang Ling looked at Peng Xiren. He nodded.

To be honest, he really wants to squeeze Peng Xiren to death now.

As an older brother, he could do such a cruel thing to his own sister. It is really unforgivable.

But now, considering the overall historical process, he still needs Peng Xiren to be alive.

Wang Ling took a deep breath and directly motioned to Monk Jin Deng to take action. He opened Peng Xiren's frozen palm and took away the last outer god insect cyst that Peng Xiren had taken from the outer god palace.

Wang Ling only glared at the insect cyst. The insect cyst immediately turned into a ball of fly ash.

Then he put his palm on Peng Xiren's head, erasing the memories related to foreign gods in Peng Xiren's head.

Prevent Peng Xiren from having the idea of transforming Dao Ancestor Wang's Taoist inheritance scroll and creating the Yin Scroll of the Book of Nine Realms.

But Wang Ling is clear. This is only temporary.

Including monk Jin Deng. They also clearly know Peng Xiren's fate.

The monk sighed. Transmitted a message to Wang Ling: "This man is the chosen one by the Outer God. Even if his memory is cleared, he may still be guided to the path of the Outer God's recovery in the future."

Wang Ling nodded. The monk had the same idea as him.

So now. The best way is to let Peng Xiren be bound by the Taoism. Until Wang Ling is born on earth. Let Peng Xiren be under direct supervision during this period.

Thinking of this, Wang Ling took out Dao Ancestor Wang's Taoist inheritance scroll {Book of Nine Realms}. Then he opened the scroll directly, pointed it at Peng Xiren's face, and blurred it...

Let Dao Ancestor Wang enforce supervision.

This is what Wang Ling thought of.

Originally Wang Ling was actually quite puzzling. Logically speaking, a founder-level figure like Dao Ancestor Wang would not choose such a bad apprentice.

Now Wang Ling understands.

This pot is not in Dao Ancestor Wang...

After all, Peng Xiren was personally selected by himself. Wang Ling started to feel a little sympathy for Dao Ancestor Wang.

"By the way, monk. Why do you feel like you don't know about this?" At this time, Wang Ying suddenly became curious and asked through the message.

Because judging from the current development process, Monk Jin Deng was fully involved in the whole process. It is impossible not to know about this matter.

"The poor monk really doesn't know this. The time span is too long. Once we return to reality, the will of the universe will correct our memories of traveling through eternity in order to re-revise the order. I'm afraid there will only be Master of Shadows and Ling Zhenren by then. . Still remember this incident." Monk Jin Deng said.

"Is it the will of the universe? So the person who arranged for us to come to Eternity this time is actually..."

At this time, Wang Ying frowned. Suddenly he thought of something, and a look of realization appeared on his face.

...

Thursday, January 8th. Everyone in Wang Ling who stayed in the Eternal Era for a long time finally returned to reality.

Gu Shunzhi and Sun Ying'er, who were nowhere to be found in the Eternal World, are also back.

It's the same as what the monk said. Everyone has forgotten what happened to them in the Eternal Period. After coming back, their minds seem to be blank.

Wang Ling vaguely felt that something was wrong. But he didn't think about it in detail.

He was too tired to pay attention to many details. Anyway, the trajectory of eternity returned to normal as Peng Xiren inherited Dao Ancestor Wang's orthodox tradition. Wang Ling was relieved.

Now, he just wants to get back to his daily routine as soon as possible and live an ordinary life comfortably...

Next, just ask Sun Rong to find Chen Qin. Come up with a reason. Explain clearly what happened to the missing video blogger Li Xuan. Complete the task entrustment.

Wang Ling returned home that day. When I turned on my phone, I was bombarded with a series of text messages.

Even Wang Ling didn't expect it. He didn't go to school for just one day. There were many people in the class who cared about him.

In a WeChat group called "Sixty Men Gang".

What caught the eye was the "kind" condolences from Guo Hao; "No, Lingzi. Are you okay if you have something? If nothing happens, come out and say something and take a few steps! Do you know that Brother Wu in the entertainment industry? I have An uncle said that he had already gone in. He also heard that he was not honest in the house. He tried to open the lock with a toothpick. The result was an extra penalty! You didn't go in with him, did you?"

Chen Chao answered: "What are you talking about? How could our son be this kind of person! [呲ya] Maybe. He went to save the world [funny]."

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 1914 The Gray Cult Commission Forcibly Completed


After returning from the Eternal World, due to the correction of the trajectory of the will of the universe, everyone's memory of that period in the Eternal Period has been blurred.

But somehow. Sun Rong found that he remembered these things clearly.

Her instinctive sixth sense told her that Wang Ling must have done something in this. Otherwise, it makes no sense that she is the only one who still remembers those things from the eternal period.

So what does Wang Ling think of her now?

After returning to the real world. Sun Rong was thinking about this issue.

At least in the past, she felt that Wang Ling was far away from her and an unreachable person...

Now. Although the relationship has not developed into a confirmed intimate relationship, she can really help Wang Ling. So does this count as being regarded as a friend by Wang Ling?

Thinking of this. Sun Rong couldn't help but feel better: "Ying'er? Ying'er?"

She called Sun Ying'er in her heart. She wanted to ask Sun Ying'er for his opinion. Then she realized that Sun Ying'er had been called over by Wang Ying again.

She was the only one left in the empty bedroom again...

Having said that, she also felt that this eternal experience was indeed a bit incredible. Who would have thought that Sun Ying'er could actually travel directly into the body of a baby.

No wonder I haven't been able to find her.

...

Friday, January 9th. Today is the day when Wang Ling and Sun Rong both return to school.

Wang Ling quickly went through the content of the recent class in a few tens of seconds. After confirming that it was all the cultivation knowledge that he had mastered, he breathed a sigh of relief.

You can't be sloppy when studying. If you don't know something, you have to ask questions without shame. Otherwise, it would be bad to keep procrastinating until the exam.

For Wang Ling, daily study is not just about learning knowledge. It is also a good opportunity to understand the learning status of others.

Because as long as you know how much most people understand and master this piece of knowledge, you can better predict the scores of everyone in the class in advance during the exam, thereby better achieving score reduction.

This time. Wang Ling didn't come for two days. He was still a little panicked. He was afraid that he didn't guess the score and did too well on the test. Then he was pulled out by Teacher Pan to give typical praise or something.

At the critical moment, the person who comforted him was Wang Ying.

He had a cordial discussion with Sun Ying'er last night. He was in the right mood: "Why are you panicking? You have been studying in this class for so long. It would be weird to have an average score every time. Occasionally take the test You have to be better. If you tell the outside world, it will be an extraordinary performance. It will not make people feel strange."

Don't say that. Wang Ying's words immediately made Wang Ling's eyes light up.

He thought it made sense.

That's right. He kept getting low marks every time, which made him feel even more stressed every time he took the exam. Occasionally, he got an above-average score. It really wouldn't feel too strange.

Wang Ling was thinking in his mind. He subconsciously looked at the empty seat in the middle of the row next to him. That was Sun Rong's seat. Like him, Sun Rong also arrived at class in the morning. I started to borrow various notes to check whether I had missed any knowledge points. It was now noon. I was probably busy dealing with the tasks entrusted by the Student Council and Gray Cult.

Sometimes Wang Ling finds that he is quite envious of Sun Rong. At least Sun Rong doesn't have to worry about scoring in the exam. He can do well every time.

And this excellence is taken for granted in everyone's eyes. No one will be surprised that Sun Rong got particularly good results in the exam.

So this time, how about just like Wang Ying said... don't think about the issue of scoring? Occasionally get average results?

Indeed. Wang Ling thinks this may be the most natural situation.

After all, Teacher Pan had begun to vaguely wonder if he had deliberately suppressed the score.

...

In the student union office. Sun Rong and Xia Ming are waiting seriously. As the newly appointed deputy director of the Gray Cult branch of Number 60 High School, Xia Ming has been completely fanned by Wang Ling since the last Jiulong Mountain Gymnastics Conference. . Now he is under the leadership of the Number 60 High School Student Council. He is also the deputy minister of the Number 60 High School Gray Cult part-time. He performs his duties of recording very conscientiously.

Regarding the investigation of the missing video blogger. Sun Rong has also made up a story here.

The video blogger himself does not actually exist. Because it is a virtual person created by the will of the universe... But this matter is really involved. Sun Rong cannot directly tell the whole story. Chen Qin. So I had to start making up a story with the cooperation of Wang Ling.

In fact, after everyone from the Office of Strategic Deception came back on January 8th, Wang Ling used their own methods to restore Li Xuan. In other words, the current Li Xuan no longer belongs to the will of the universe. Product. It is a living person constructed by Wang Ling using magic.

So the story Sun Rong made up now is actually to reasonably explain the specific reason why Li Xuan disappeared.

"It's this classmate Chenqin. That girl Li Xuan who looks very similar to you. We have found it." Sun Rong said seriously while sitting on the chair.

Xia Ming remained silent on the side and started typing on the keyboard. He did not know the specific execution process of the entrusted task. He was only responsible for recording. Then the recorded things were finally written into reports for Gray Cult's external publicity.

"Yes! I know! I saw her new short video update! The platform has restored her account!" Chen Qin was also very excited.

She didn't expect that her commission was actually accepted. And it was resolved in a very short period of time!

Gray Cult. yyds!

"So what happened to this girl Li Xuan?" Chen Qin was very curious. He asked about the details of the mission. It was within the reasonable range of the client's questions.

Sun Rong had known that such a question would be asked. Therefore, the expression on his face was particularly calm: "Do you know Mr. Wu who was arrested recently?"

"Ah! So it's that illusionist Wu Tiao? The one who specializes in using hallucinogenic spells to coerce and lure young girls into having improper relationships with him... the scumbag!"

"Yes." Sun Rong nodded: "Hey. This girl Li Xuan is actually a victim. But she has the courage to stand up and try to expose all this..."

Having said that, everything that happened next seemed to have come to light. Chen Qin showed an expression of sudden realization. Obviously, he did not expect that she would make such a commission casually. Things would be so exciting: "That's why she suddenly disappeared. Is it actually Wu Toothpick’s public relations ploy? Because Miss Li wanted to report it. So he tried to make her disappear?"

"That's it." Sun Rong stood up and held Chenqin's hand firmly: "Fortunately, we discovered it in time... This didn't lead to a big disaster. And it's also thanks to Chenqin's help. Reporting gave us this opportunity to defeat the evil forces! Thank you! Classmate Chenqin! The world of cultivation is wonderful because of you!"

On the side, Xia Ming was typing and was shocked.

He didn't know how to describe his mood for a moment.

Then he typed a radical on the screen: "艸!"





Chapter 1915 Very good. This is normal!


In this way, Wang Ling and Sun Rong disappeared for a whole day and did not go to school because of the Gray Cult mission. They were suppressed for the time being. There was also secret help from Zhuo Yi . Overall, it can be considered a near miss.

At the same time, Sun Rong is also reflecting on this matter. She feels that it is better not to accept these strange commissions in the future... at the very least, there must be an audit and screening mechanism.

Her original intention was just to help others. But unexpectedly, she was suddenly involved in a cosmic event!

Good guy...

She's a straight up good guy!

very good!

This is very common!

"Classmate Chenqin!"

Before Chenqin left the student union office, Sun Rong suddenly stopped her. The expression on her face was more or less hesitant.

Chen Qin paused and asked, "President, are there any other details you want to add to me?"

Sun Rong took a deep breath and said seriously: "That student Chenqin... forget about the publicity thing. The leader of Gray Cult just sent me a message. She said that the core purpose of Gray Cult is to keep a low profile. Propaganda or something. It's a bit too showy. But if there is really something that needs Gray Cult's help, you can still find Gray Cult. I will convey the information. And you also don't call me every guild president. Call me. Just Rongrong."

"Eh. Don't want to promote it? Okay..."

Chenqin felt a little pity. She was originally the director of the Publicity Department of Number 60 High School. Every sports meeting and large-scale school event, such as the previous spirit sword exchange meeting with Number 59 High School, all the contact documents were handwritten by her. . Very good at publicity.

She obviously did a good deed to help others but kept it secret in her heart. This decision made Chen Qin a little confused, but it was not completely incomprehensible.

And she was deeply moved by it.

I think this Gray Cult leader is too chivalrous!

She won her heart!

Even if it cannot be promoted externally, it can still be spread internally by word of mouth!

Isn’t that how word-of-mouth develops?

Word of mouth spreads from person to person. But the effect is better than spending a lot of money on marketing!

"I understand Rongrong. I won't post the manuscript. I respect all the decisions of Master Gray Cult."

At this moment, Chen Qin suddenly laughed when he thought of this: "By the way, Rongrong. By the way, you are Gray Cult's manager, right?"

"ah?"

"You are not the officer. How do you contact the leader of Gray Cult?"

"Oh yes...I'm the manager!"

"That's right. If there is a chance, I would like to meet the leader of Gray Cult and thank him in person. If it is inconvenient, it doesn't matter." Chen Qin requested.

Sun Rong agreed immediately: "Okay. No problem. I will try to convey it."

"Okay." After receiving the reply, Chen Qin jumped away like this.

In fact, Sun Rong was not very familiar with the friends from the Publicity Department of Number 60 High School. Every time the student union had to carry out its work, Sun Rong had to rely on classmates with whom they had good relationships to convey the information on their behalf.

This time I got online with Chen Qin. Sun Rong felt it was an unexpected gain.

Chenqin is the director of the Publicity Department of Number 60 High School. She has a lot of say. Wang Ling is actually particularly afraid of others bragging about her work on such official publicity manuscripts. As a result, she has secretly revised it several times before. It will take a lot of effort.

Now that I know Chen Qin, the subsequent operations will be much easier.

The Propaganda Department is also responsible for communicating with external schools. In the past six months, Number 60 High School has won various provincial and municipal competitions. The comprehensive ranking of the campus has significantly improved across the country and even the world. This is a lot more Opportunities to connect with external schools.

In other words, the network resources Chen Qin has access to are wider than Sun Rong imagined.

Now Chenqin happens to be a Gray Cult believer.

Sun Rong thought that maybe he could find a suitable opportunity to show off directly to Chen Qin that he was the leader of Gray Cult. It seemed like a good idea to bring her into the team as a cadre.

...

Monday, January 13th.

After two days of review over the weekend, Wang Ling finally dealt with the recent major life event - the monthly exam.

And all of this was based on Wang Ying's opinion. This time, he didn't push the score too hard. Instead, he got an above-average score.

Teacher Pan has been suspicious of him before. I have always wondered if he is deliberately trying to score points. I believe that by passing this exam. Wang Ling feels that this concern should be easily resolved.

All Number 60 High School students had completed their exams on the same day. It was still the same eight subjects as before.

Physics and chemistry in addition to math and math. Plus Talisman class, Spirit Sword class and spell course exam.

Moreover, most modern cultivation colleges have intelligent grading systems. Except for some big questions and essays that compete with theoretical knowledge and need to be organized and written logically, questions such as selection and fill-in-the-blanks with standard answers are passed through the floating mechanical method used for grading. Ball. The correction can be completed directly.

The previous Number 60 High School did not have such a mature system. But since Wang Ling came, everything has been different.

Take campus rankings as an example. After Wang Ling came, Number 60 High School's ranking among high school cultivation colleges in the country jumped directly from 81st to 37th.

Worldwide, it jumped from 370th to 126th.

In just half a year, this is definitely an amazing improvement.

In addition, with the support of Zhuo Yi, an old alumnus who graduated from Number 60 High School, the educational resources Number 60 High School now enjoys are indeed different from what they used to be.

Originally it was only a lower-middle-class university. Now it is no exaggeration to call it a first-class university.

So Wang Ling actually took the test on the same day. The results came out on the same day.

And like everyone else. Enter it directly into the computer and automatically generate rankings.

That evening, the lights were brightly lit in the teacher's office of Number 60 High School. None of the teachers left. They were all busy reading the rankings of the key students they were paying attention to.

They are extremely serious.

Even Principal Chen and Monk Jin Deng, who is the vice principal, came in person to watch the rankings of this monthly exam.

Yes. Because the results of this monthly exam are actually very important. They will directly determine the list of entries for the freshman list of provincial and municipal high school cultivation colleges that is suddenly decided to be held at the end of the month.

The previous lists were almost all selected from Teacher Pan’s class. This led to more or less opinions from teachers in other classes.

Although they successfully won the competition in the end, many teachers were still dissatisfied with some students in the participating student queue who had obvious paddling behavior.

For example. Wang Ling...

The grades of Wang Ling are actually very average in the eyes of teachers in other classes!

But being able to play as a mascot every time is outrageous!

So this time, Principal Chen directly decided to decide the order of the matches based on the monthly exam rankings.

Because of this, the teachers had no objections.

After all, monthly exams can best reflect students’ recent academic performance.

It’s just that this ranking came out.

All the teachers were dumbfounded.

"Damn it. What's going on with Wang Ling's monthly exam this time? Why did the rankings in the whole grade rise so much!" A teacher was immediately horrified.

Wang Ling's scores in each subject are actually not that conspicuous on the subject list. It is only an average of more than ten points more than the last exam.

As a result, the name Wang Ling was directly entered into the first place by the system on the ranking improvement list!

Principal Chen seemed to have expected this result. He couldn't help but laugh: "Classmate Wang Ling is pretty good. It seems that Teacher Pan is very strict these days."

"No, no." Teacher Pan shook his head modestly: "Wang Ling This child has been smart since he was a child."

In fact, as the head teacher, she was already happy.

Teacher Pan was actually the most nervous about this exam because Wang Ling's scores were always stuck in the middle. She was even questioned by other teachers about her teaching ability.

But now. With Wang Ling's extraordinary performance in this exam, all the problems have been solved!

Wang LingAh!

The teacher doesn't always love you in vain!

Teacher Pan was deeply moved.

This extraordinary performance at a critical moment was a real help in times of need. It made her proud in the monthly exam rankings that so many teachers paid attention to.

"So it seems that the principal has expected the results of this ranking?" At this time, other teachers became curious.

"Actually, I know that many teachers are paying attention to this classmate Wang Ling. So before the results came out, I specifically asked General Zhuo for his opinion. "

Principal Chen said. Then he showed his mobile phone.

The teachers discovered that Zhuo Yi just sent Principal Chen a group photo of seven gourd kids rescuing grandpa.

"Gourd baby? What does this mean? Director Zhuo is really an old Riddler..." a teacher complained.

"Well, I think what General Zhuo wants to express is that as long as you work hard, you will definitely gain something. In the end, the gourd boys saved their grandfather through their own efforts, didn't they?"

"..."

At this time, as the vice-principal, Monk Jin Deng sighed silently in his heart.

He just sent a text message asking Zhuo Yi. What does this mean.

Zhuo Yi tell him.

Hard-working gourd babies. There are indeed seven.

But Grandpa. There is only one!





Chapter 1916 Congratulations Wang Ling. You are not the mascot this time!


That night Wang Ling actually had an ominous premonition. When I got home, the "eyelid warning" that had not been activated for a long time started again. And it was still with the same frequency... which proved that there would be something coming next. A lot of trouble happened.

Wang Ling subconsciously thought that this was the "butterfly effect" caused by his failure to execute the score-pressing behavior accurately this time.

So when he got home, he put down his schoolbag and started staring at Wang Ying. As for Wang Ying, he was still leaning against the wall with his arms folded as if nothing happened.

His whole body was stunned by Wang Ling. In the end, he could only spread his hands and said: "Commander... I think this is the case. Even if I have the pot, you can't blame me entirely. I just mentioned it. It's an immature suggestion. Who knew you would adopt it?"

Hearing these words, Wang Ling was speechless for a moment.

But with his character, it is easy to be "deceived"!

Wang Ling sighed in his heart. He thought about it carefully and felt that Wang Ying could not be blamed for this. If he was to blame, he could only be blamed for being too simple and too well-behaved.

Of course, Wang Ling did not dare to tell Father Wang and Mother Wang about this when he came back. He was afraid that his pocket money would be deducted by Father Wang for some reason.

But Wang Ling knows. This paper cannot cover the fire. Father Wang and Mother Wang will also know about this sooner or later.

However, what Wang Ling didn't expect was that Father Wang and Mother Wang learned about it much faster than he imagined...

The couple saw Wang Ling come in from the door with a depressed look. Without saying a word, they took off their shoes and went straight to the room. They felt that something was wrong in the atmosphere from the low pressure.

Although Wang Ling is usually the kind of person with an expressionless face. But after living for more than ten years, he knows what kind of temper his son is. And he can judge and analyze the specific situation through micro-expressions. Father Wang and Mother Wang are too Familiar with it. It is not an exaggeration to call it an expert.

Normal parents would definitely think that their children would feel sad and blame themselves because of the unsatisfactory results in this monthly exam.

But Father Wang and Mother Wang are different.

"Did you do too well in the exam this time?" Mother Wang asked.

"Probably." Father Wang put down the newspaper and sighed. A sad expression appeared on his face: "Hey, I have told him several times. If you want to get better scores, you have to get better scores. Don't do so well in the exam. It's easy to be too good. It's eye-catching! How many times have you participated in competitions before? Every time, Xiao Zhuozi and A Ming have to help wipe the butt from behind."

Hearing this, Mother Wang shook her head: "I think there is something to say about this matter. In the previous competitions, it was not Ling Ling who wanted to go. There were various factors. In addition, Teacher Pan's strong request . He can't help but listen."

"Besides, except for the time when he was admitted to school, there was no time when Ling Ling was not the one who pushed for points? Shouldn't he be sent when he should be sent? I doubt..."

Father Wang was startled and suddenly realized: "You mean, Ling Ling has been exposed?"

"Exposure shouldn't be enough."

Mother Wang shook her head: "I guess the teacher at Number 60 High School is deliberately testing him. And as far as I know, because Ling Ling's score has been lowered every time before, it has made the teacher suspicious. So I think he occasionally gets a little better in the exam." It's better. It's also a way to dispel the teacher's concerns."

Don't say it. After listening to this analysis, Father Wang felt that what Mother Wang said was actually very reasonable.

But here are the rules of the Old Wang family. They have been set long ago. They cannot be changed easily.

If you do well in the exam, your pocket money will be deducted.

If you are first in grade or something, you will be fined a whole year's pocket money.

Mother Wang still felt very sorry for Wang Ling. While doing what she was doing, she couldn't help but said: "The child is very pitiful. Don't be too fierce this time."

"Yes. But the punishment must be punished. I've figured it out. I'll let it go this time." Father Wang sighed. He never knew that Wang Ling was not easy. So this time he decided to punish him less.

Punishment is one dollar. Just a symbolic expression.

Therefore, even though Wang Ling said nothing. Father Wang and Mother Wang relied on their understanding of Wang Ling to guess the matter.

Parents are always the tapeworms of their children. Wang Ling thinks this is true at all. Sometimes he even wonders whether Father Wang and Mother Wang are also "in touch with him".

How can you know so many things about yourself so easily?

Of course. For Wang Ling, his "nightmare" today is far more than that.

Because that very night, Teacher Pan called directly.

A phone call came to the Wang family's small villa.

When he comes up, he praises Wang Ling.

Teacher Pan: "It's amazing! It's amazing! Mr. Wang! Although your son's scores in each subject have only improved a little this time, his ranking in the grade has risen. He is directly first!"

Father Wang: "Teacher. Why does this lead to an increase in the rankings..."

Teacher Pan: "We at Number 60 High School have always advocated diversity. We set up various lists to give every child the opportunity to be on the list. To see yourself correctly from multiple dimensions and angles. Only in this way can you know your own strengths and weaknesses. Well, to be honest, I always thought that Wang Ling, this child, did not do well in the exam on purpose."

Father Wang: "Then this time..."

Teacher Pan on the other side of the phone was smiling from ear to ear: "But this time, faced with such a difficult paper, Wang Ling not only stabilized his usual level, but also improved his scores in various subjects online by several points. . This usual stable performance coupled with super-level performance has suddenly made classmate Wang Ling's overall ranking jump up in one fell swoop!"

Father Wang continued to call and was already wiping his sweat: "Teacher Pan, you should not only call me to tell me... that Ling Ling did well in the exam this time..."

"It's like this, Mr. Wang. Your child is so outstanding. He has also won rankings in the previous competitions our school has participated in. So this time, I would like to recommend the list of entries for the freshman list of provincial and municipal high school cultivation colleges. Wang LingHe passed."

Father Wang took a deep breath.

It was just as he expected. What was supposed to come came after all...

...

In the ancient alley deep in Zhuquemen, Songhai City, there is a teahouse that has been open for a long time. A young man wearing a black windbreaker is walking through it.

The Suzaku Gate was built in the year 2000 of Xiuzhenli. It has a history of more than 2,000 years. During the imperial period, it was the main passage for the emperor to transport royal supplies every day. Now it has been transformed into a pine tree after reconstruction. The tourist attractions in Haishi still retain the style of the past except for a few more shops.

Those city walls, arrow towers, and moats... seem to transport people back two thousand years ago.

There are also many students gathering here. Because the coordinates of Zhuque Gate are right at the center of several key cultivation high schools in Songhai City, this has become a place where students often gather.

It was around six o'clock in the evening. A man wearing a black trench coat was walking on the road of the ancient alley. He looked a little out of place among the students wearing uniforms of various schools.

He walked to the door of the teahouse where he had made an appointment in advance. He stretched out his hand and knocked on the wooden door.

This is an old teahouse. The word "Jiutian" is written on the plaque in front of the door.

"Who?"

The lights of the closed teahouse suddenly turned on. Then a rough voice came from inside.

"I'm Jing Heqiu. I'm here to discuss the matter of the freshman list of provincial and municipal high school cultivation colleges." The man took off his hat in front of the door and reported his family background respectfully.





Chapter 1917 Teng Luchen and Nine Heavens Jingmi Courtyard


The man who called himself Jing Heqiu waited for a moment after announcing his door at Jiutian Teahouse. He heard the latch of the old-fashioned wooden door in the teahouse moving.

He pushed open the door and entered. Then he closed the door carefully.

As soon as I entered the door, I saw a shirtless old man with gray hair pouring tea.

His muscles are very strong. He looks quite exaggerated. He has a better figure than some young people.

Jing Heqiu suddenly laughed: "I feel relieved to see that Mr. Teng is still in such good spirits."

"There's no need to say any polite words."

Teng Luchen narrowed his eyes and smiled. He pushed a cup of hot tea in front of Jing Heqiu and said, "You came to see me today. You didn't just come here because of a matter about the freshmen list, right? It's between you and me. There is no need to be a riddler. Whatever medicine is in the gourd, just pour it out."

These words directly made Jing Heqiu laugh. He couldn't hold back the smile on his face: "Just a freshman list? If sir, you don't care about this freshman list, why did you ask me to set up Jiutian Jingmi Academy to identify talents among the younger generation? ?Why do you stay in this Jiutian Teahouse for so many years? Isn’t it because you want to be closer to these young students?"

"Jiutian Jingyuan. When my husband chose this name, as the name suggests, it means to find all the elites in Jiutian."

"What is Jiutian? Jiutian symbolizes the sky and the vitality of the world. It is synonymous with young monks. Mr. has been looking for talents among young monks for so many years. I believe he already has a list of his own. That is why he directly requested to hold this event Freshman standings competition."

Jing Heqiu was not polite. He pierced the window paper in just a few words. He was very direct: "Moreover, this time I suddenly received an order from the top. They said that they were going to form the freshman list of provincial and municipal high school cultivation colleges. I felt... strangeness."

"It stands to reason that regarding plans such as cultivation schools, no one can directly control the project without the permission of the Alliance of Ten Thousand Schools. Except for you, sir..."

This statement may seem very rude, but in fact Teng Luchen doesn't mind it at all. What he hates most is playing riddles. He likes to talk about everything in front of his face.

Jing Heqiu knew Teng Luchen's temper very well, so speaking out like this really angered Teng Luchen.

If it were other people who had not had close contact with Teng Luchen, they would definitely not dare to speak like that.

This is a big shot that even ten generals would tremble in fear upon seeing him.

Of course, Jing Heqiu feels that his knowledge of the gentleman in front of him is not very thorough. I am afraid that everything he knows is just superficial. Most of it is what he has learned by himself through dealing with Mr. Teng for many years. Premature speculation.

"Haha. You are quite perceptive."

Teng Luchen moved the muscles of his neck, folded his arms, and stared at Jing Heqiu: "What else do you know. You might as well continue talking. I will decide whether to continue communicating with you after listening."

"I also know. Something about a big plan."

Jing Heqiu said calmly: "This big plan. Teng Lao has been planning it with that adult for hundreds of years. And this time, elites were selected from these young people. In the end, they served to deliver this big plan. It's true. Because of the danger, the talents found must be the best among talents. The best among the best... I am right, right? Mr. Teng?"

Teng Luchen closed his eyes slightly and sighed: "The Earth Center Project. Was that the adult who told you about it?"

Jing Heqiu was silent for a moment and then laughed: "What if? Otherwise, Mr. Teng thinks, how can I have access to such a confidential plan with my position?"

"Since before the earth was upgraded, the resource competition and deployment in the inner earth world has already begun."

Teng Luchen straightened his sitting posture and said: "The academies of cultivation science in various countries believe that the inner earth world has precious resources that the cultivation world does not have. But everyone wants to fight for this piece of cake. But go for it. How can it be so? easy."

"So Mr. Teng decided to set up this battle for resources as a competition and let young people compete as representatives. They thought they were participating in a competition. But in fact, they are fighting on behalf of various cultivating countries?"

"That was not the original plan. I can only say that this was a helpless move."

Teng Luchen shook his head. Suddenly he smiled bitterly: "Now, every country is preparing its own team of young people. And we, with the privilege, can bring an extra team of seven people in."

"Why do you have such a privilege?"

"The entrance to the inner world of the earth. Before the earth is upgraded, all countries are trying their best to open it. But getting through to the center of the earth is not easy."

Teng Luchen straightened his posture and said, "But recently, that adult and I accidentally discovered that there is a natural entrance in our Songhai City..."

"Natural entrance?"

"Not rough."

When Teng Luchen said this, he paused for a moment and then said, "Do you still know about that natural wonder near the sea on the outskirts of Songhai City?"

"Teng Lao is talking about the top of the sky, Palm Cliff? But according to legend, the handprint was made by a powerful person..."

"But legends are just legends. No one has such palm power."

When Teng Luchen said this, the two looked at each other. Jing Heqiu suddenly showed an expression of realization: "What Teng Lao means is... No way..."

"Can't be wrong."

Teng Luchen affirmed: "Although it is not yet possible to analyze what kind of natural phenomenon this is. But on the earth, the natural entrance to the inner earth world is also the first and only entrance. It is under the palm cliff. .."

...

Tuesday, January 14th, the day after the monthly exam. Although everyone knew that the results were out, the Academic Affairs Office had no intention of announcing it directly. This made Wang Ling very nervous.

"Eh? I heard that the results will be released a few days later. The school has been dealing with people wearing white coats these two days."

"White coat? Is it a doctor? What does a doctor do in school?"

"Not necessarily a doctor. I think it might be someone from the Xiuzhen Research Institute."

On the way to school, Wang Ling's ears twitched. I heard 60 High School friends discussing gossip. These are all senior students.

Comparing the time after school for the second and third graders, the average time for freshmen in their first year of high school is one to two hours at night.

In other words, although Number 60 High School very carefully chose a time after school to receive the reception, I am afraid it was still seen by a small group of students who left late. Then the matter spread directly.

But it’s hard to tell whether he’s from the Cultivation Research Institute or not. Wang Ling Right now.

Because if it is, he can definitely get some information from Wang Ming in advance.

But now his cheap guy hasn't even sent a text message. There's no hint at all. It's not like Wang Ming's style at all.

To put it bluntly, even people from the Xiuzhen Research Institute. Wang Ling feels that there is a high probability that they are not the same group as Wang Ming.

Why do they visit the school at night?

What exactly are you talking about?

Wang Ling is very curious about this.





Chapter 1918 The Number 1 High School in the Cultivation World


Except for Talisman's problem, Wang Ling rarely sends text messages to Wang Ming. This time, too many strangers suddenly entered Number 60 High School. This made Wang Ling feel vaguely uneasy.

So Wang Dacheng kept warning himself in the morning: Don't meddle in other people's business. It's better to do less than to do more.

In the end, I couldn't help but take out my phone and send a message to Wang Ming to ask about the situation.

Sure enough! Gossip and curiosity are contagious. Wang Ling I remember that I was not a curious baby originally. But after spending too much time with Guo Hao and Chen Chao, I seemed to have developed this bad habit naturally...

Of course, Wang Ling was not the only one who was curious about this matter. Almost the entire Grade 1 and 3 classes were mobilized.

It can only be said that as the elite class of Number 60 High School, Class 1 and Class 3 are worthy of being Class 1 and Class 3. Except for academic matters, everyone seems to pay more attention to external matters than to studies.

Almost all of them are showing off their special abilities.

Wang Ming's message has not yet been replied. Sun Rong stepped into the classroom. The two looked at each other. Sun Rong said: "I have already heard the news. He is from Shengke."

Wang Ling nodded.

He didn't expect that Sun Rong would be the first to know the news.

But this is not surprising. After all, the student union of Number 60 High School is actually the headquarters of Gray Cult. Now there are various branches of Gray Cult, both at home and abroad. It may be difficult to inquire about other things. But If those people were from the campus, it would be too easy to make inquiries.

But why did people from Shengke suddenly visit Number 60 High School?

Shengke. This name is familiar to all students.

Because Shengke. It is Shengke University.

It is currently the number one university in Huaxiu National High School Ranking and ranks third in the world! It is even more amazing than the original Fu Mo Number 1 High School and even the Uzumaki Emperor High School in Mixiu Country Glio City!

So what is the ranking of Number 60 High School now?

Wang Ling remembers how he has won several competitions since he came here. Number 60 High School is currently ranked 37th in the country and 126th in the world.

But even so. It can only be regarded as an upper-middle level cultivation high school.

It is far from a top college like Saint Science...

So it stands to reason that the relationship between Shengke and Number 60 High School is incompatible.

As a result, Shengke suddenly came to the door this time. This made Wang Ling feel extremely strange.

The key is this kind of thing between campuses. Zhuo Yi, the director of the Songhai City Hundred Schools General Administration, cannot be unaware. But Zhuo Yi has not disclosed any information to him until now. .

This means that even Zhuo Yi does not know about this matter.

Being able to skip the Hundred Schools Administration and connect directly with Number 60 High School. It also avoided Zhuo Yi. This does not mean that Zhuo Yi, a sesame cadre, is taken seriously at all.

Wang Ling found it interesting.

Since Zhuo Yi embarked on this path, Sun Dakang, the leader of the Ten Thousand Schools Alliance, has helped to guide him. This career has been smooth sailing. In half a year, he has achieved three first-class merits and various second-class merits. . There are no less than ten honors in total. This is something that ordinary people cannot even imagine.

Many people know that Zhuo Yi is popular. They are all rushing to curry favor. Although Zhuo Yi is polite and hides far away. It still manages to stick to its true heart and stay out of the mire. But they don't. Zhuo Yi There are still very few people who regard it as an onion.

After all, it is Shengke...

The number one academic institution in the field of cultivation in China. Sure enough, it has such confidence.

Not to mention the teachers and teachers here, even the students, they always hold their heads high when they go out.

This is unique in China’s educational background system that focuses on collective honor. As a student of the first university, you should feel proud of your alma mater.

In Shengke, some powerful young geniuses are even more popular. From time to time, they can be searched several times on the Internet. Wang Ling is because of seeing too many such hot searches. So Sun Rong just mentioned it Go to Shengke. He will understand everything.

Those well-known students of Shengke are so popular that even celebrities and Internet celebrities cannot compare with them.

This is not an exaggeration of Wang Ling. Rather, it is true.

He almost subconsciously turned on his phone and clicked on Weibo to take a look. Two of the top ten hot search terms were related to Shengke.

One is the news that students from Shengke participated in an alchemy competition abroad and won a gold medal.

The person who made the alchemy was named Su Xingyue. She was one of the star female students of Shengke. Her alchemy skills were extremely superb. She even had the experience of competing with Immortal Toya on the same stage. Su Xingyue, who was only 13 years old at the time, almost won the alchemy competition. The famous Immortal Toya.

I still remember this news Wang Ling.

The other piece of news is about Qu Yiling, the student union president of Shengke University. However, this piece of news seems to be a bit like gossip news.

The front of Qu Yiling was not photographed. In the photo, only the back of a young man who looked a bit like Qu Yiling was eating barbecue with the girls. The young man was shirtless and fair-skinned. It was obvious that he had a good figure.

The supporting news headline is: "Shocked! It is suspected that the president of the Student Union of Saint Science College abused his power. He guided the new student union members to conduct an "icebreaking operation" to sweeten their feelings..."

Wang Ling As soon as you look at the title of this news, you will know that it is fake news. Although the person in the photo does look a bit like Qu Yiling from behind, such rumors are really too exaggerated.

A person like Qu Yiling, who can sit in the position of student union president, is considered a genius among geniuses. He can be promoted to the Nascent Soul stage before graduating from high school.

It is impossible for such a person to indulge himself in barbecue easily, let alone use his position to indulge in frivolous activities.

After judging that it was gossip, Wang Ling was too lazy to read any more and quickly turned off the phone.

However, this gossip hot search also reflects from the side that Shengke’s attention in the industry is amazing.

Students like Qu Yiling and Su Xingyue are young and have become famous at a young age. They already have no shortage of spiritual resources. When they go out to do endorsements, they can earn a lot of money. They can exchange for all kinds of rare things. Cultivation supplies are almost always a snowballing operation.

However, becoming famous at a young age also comes with a price. That is, you will receive attention and attention from all parties. You will lack freedom to a certain extent. Your behavior will be seen by everyone. With such attention, Wang Ling even You will feel that it is difficult for them to even breathe.

Therefore. Wang Ling is really glad that I can study and live in Number 60 High School.

Although he occasionally gets into trouble, at least he lives a very private and comfortable life. Even his study and life are relatively quiet.

Just when Wang Ling sighed like this.

Guo Hao's excited voice suddenly came from outside the door. He originally went to find out the news. But he didn't find out the information. This time, he did find out the results of the monthly exam.

As soon as he entered the classroom, he was heard whistling C language: "Fuck! Wang Ling! You have risen in the rankings in the whole grade. Ranked first! Awesome, Lingzi! Fuck! Awesome!"

How to call this? Wang Ling suddenly felt a headache and held his forehead.

The slap in the face came too suddenly. He decided to take back what he just said. Studying and living a quiet life...





Chapter 1919 Genius Girl Su Xingyue


Guo Hao's voice made Wang Ling excited. Wang Ling never realized that this girl's voice could be so loud.

Now it was better, and the whole class began to focus on Wang Ling. Everyone showed extremely surprised and incredible looks.

"Excellent, Lingzi. I see that your scores in each subject have not improved much. They are only five or six points higher than the usual average. Why did you rise to the top of the list?" Su Xiao Su Xiao also showed surprise. Eyes. This is the first time that Wang Ling has surpassed him as a study committee member in the ranking list. It is simply an epoch-making day.

"Good guy. It seems that he performed exceptionally this time. I thought that usually Lingzi was deliberately trying to score points." Chen Chao once again said it unintentionally. It made Wang Ling want to block it with a blackboard eraser. his mouth.

"Don't think too much, everyone. The difficulty is higher this time. Classmate Wang Ling's grades have always been relatively stable. This shows his advantage. It's normal to get first place once. After all, he is still classmate Wang Ling. You're lucky." Sun Rong couldn't stand it any longer. He came out to smooth things over. Wang Ling immediately gave him a grateful look.

Sure enough, he knew something was up. His eyelids kept twitching last night...

"Everyone, look out the window!"

At this time, Sun Rong shouted again, making everyone's attention loosen from Wang Ling.

Wang Ling raised his head and followed Sun Rong's gaze. Through the window of the teaching building, the early morning sunshine just shined through the clouds in front of the gate of Number 60 High School. It was spread out like a golden carpet.

An ancient-style girl wearing a fire-patterned Hanfu and long hair shawl slowly walked in from the door.

Almost everyone's attention was attracted at this moment. Chen Chao rubbed his eyes and felt that this girl looked particularly familiar. He subconsciously took out his phone and searched for something.

Then everyone was shocked: "I'll go. Isn't this Su Xingyue! Su Xingyue from Shengke!"

"That alchemy genius girl? One of the top names in Shengke?" Everyone followed and were stunned. They couldn't believe that Su Xingyue, who had just won the gold medal in the International Alchemy Open abroad, would appear at Number 60 High School.

It seems that the news may actually be delayed due to time difference. In other words, Su Xingyue came to Number 60 High School immediately after winning the award.

It wasn't just Class 1 and 3. After discovering Su Xingyue's arrival, almost all the students in the teaching building were excited. This was the first time everyone saw Su Xingyue's Zhenren. It made people feel unrealistic and unreal.

Wang Ling would not have thought that Su Xingyue's arrival would be so lethal. In just a moment, everyone in the classroom had disappeared. They all went to the corridor to watch Su Xingyue. Only the remaining Wang Ling, Sun Rong and several core members of the Office of Strategic Deception.

Sun Rong smiled bitterly. Looking at Wang Ling: "Classmate Wang Ling. It seems that my attraction has been temporarily suppressed."

Wang Ling: "..."

Gu Shunzhi touched his chin: "It seems like something big is going to happen this time. You have to prepare in advance. When Su Xingyue was thirteen years old, she almost won the match. But at that time, she underestimated the enemy. . Now he has won the championship in the junior category of the International Alchemy Open. Su Xingyue must be stronger than before."

Zhenyuan: "No matter what, let's take one step at a time. Whoever comes here is not a good person."

Gu Shunzhi narrowed his eyes and said with a smile: "Look at the way the other person walked into this school. He didn't regard Number 60 High School as an external school at all. It was like stepping into the back garden. The confidence exuding from his whole body. I'm afraid that in the first place In the eyes of the students in the college, we are the ones here."

Sun Rong: "Do those two seniors know the purpose of the people from Shengke coming to Number 60 High School?

Both of them shook their heads quickly.

Gu Shunzhi: "Absolutely no one knows better than Zhuo Yi about the cultivation of education. Even Zhuo Yi doesn't know about it. It means that this visit from Shengke did not go through any reporting. He came directly to the door. ."

Zhenyuan Immortal said: "There is no need to worry. The truth will come out sooner or later. Senior Jin Deng is also there, isn't he? And he is now the vice principal. He must know something about it. It's better to wait for news about him."

...

The first class in the morning was Mr. Wang Zukang’s history class. It seems that Mr. Wang Zukang is also a teacher in the school’s Academic Affairs Office. He knows a lot of inside information. However, after someone in the class asked questions about this Shengke matter, Mr. Wang Zukang also sold it out.

"Ahem. Everyone will know it by then. Let's teach quietly first." Mr. Wang Zukang cleared his throat and said, "Today's teaching content is about expanding knowledge about the inner earth world."

"We all know that there is actually a huge inner earth world inside the earth. There are many powerful spiritual beasts and rare spiritual plants that do not exist on the surface of the earth. There are even those hidden in the earth's center that have been buried far beyond us. The technology of modern cultivation technology..."

"However. Even after the earth is upgraded, human cultivators still cannot directly reach the inner earth world through existing technical means. And no one knows what kind of dangers they may encounter in the inner earth world."

"Perhaps in the near future, when the entrance to the inner earth world is completely opened and the technology is fully mature, human cultivators can carry out tourism and resource collection in the inner earth world in an orderly manner. They can even organize and dispatch teaching activities in an orderly manner. Everyone goes to the inner world to complete the secret adventure."

"Just like last time we went to the Beast King's ruins. However, the unknown risks in the inner earth world are much greater than those in the Beast King's ruins..."

Having said that, Sun Rong was about to raise his hand to ask a question. Suddenly, Teacher Pan suddenly stepped into the classroom. Although Teacher Pan usually has the problem of suddenly calling people out during class, he looked so hurried. This is my first time meeting you guys.

"Classmate Sun Rong. There are also some classmates in the back row. Come out with me."

In the back row of the classroom, everyone looked at each other in confusion. Even Wang Ling was a little at a loss.

With Mr. Wang Zukang nodding, Wang Ling followed the others and stood up. They lined up in an orderly column at the door of the classroom. Under the leadership of Teacher Pan, they went straight to the principal's office.

At this time, in the principal's office, Su Xingyue was sitting there, quietly sipping tea.

After everyone arrived, Principal Chen immediately stood up from his chair and introduced to Su Xingyue: "Student Su Xingyue, let me introduce to you. Now, the few people standing in front of you are the students who have passed the monthly exam this time." Elites with top scores on the big list."

"Classmate Sun Rong, classmate Gu Shunzhi, classmate Zhenyuan (Zhenyuan), classmate Wang Zhen, classmate Liu Qingyi, classmate Chen Chao, classmate Guo Hao, classmate Fang Xing, and this guy who doesn't seem to be awake Classmate Wang Ling..."





Chapter 1920 Hello. Classmate Wang Ling


Su Xingyue's gaze swept over everyone here. Wang Ling found traces of blue fragments of light streaking across her pupils.

If you look carefully, you can see that it is a series of data rolling in his pupils.

This is not an electronic eye or some kind of pupil technique. It is a scientific magic weapon developed by Shengke. It is a multi-functional scanning contact lens. It can be used to detect terrain or detect combat power.

Magical weapons are originally one of the key elements for cultivators to improve their combat effectiveness. Therefore, having magic weapons on your body does not count as cheating.

This is also true in some competitions.

As long as there are no restrictions, it is a directional duel competition that must use physical skills or designated spells.

Under normal free play conditions.

If you take out a 400-meter sword, no one would dare to object. As long as you can control it, it will be fine.

Su Xingyue was using her Shengke contact lens to scan the combat power of everyone here. After learning the exact data, she stood up with a happy face. She directly talked to Sun Rong who was the first in the team. } shook hands: "Classmate Sun Rong. I’ve really admired his name for a long time."

Then out of politeness, she started to shake hands along Sun Rong. This move was very natural. It couldn't be said to be deliberate. But it always felt like Su Xingyue was deliberately testing something.

"Hello. Classmate Gu Shunzhi."

"Hello. Classmate Chen Chao."

...

These short words directly penetrated the hearts of Chen Chao and Guo Hao.

This voice was so sweet...it made Chen Chao and Guo Hao blush instantly.

Such a loud voice.

Are they the kind of people who can listen to it without paying?

This is a sugar-coated bullet that belongs exclusively to Su Xingyue. Su Xingyue is not only good-looking. She is definitely a god-given benefit to the majority of the voice control party.

Although Sun Rong's voice is also very nice. Chen Chao and Guo Hao even thought Sun Rong had received voice actor training when they first started school.

But when Su Xingyue came, Sun Rong was eventually outclassed.

After all, I have listened to Sun Rong's voice for most of the semester. But Su Xingyue's sweetness is new. No one will refuse the wonderful experience brought by this new thing.

Su Xingyue sent sugar-coated bullets one by one while observing everyone's reaction.

When her hand reached Wang Zhen's, she suddenly felt that Wang Zhen's expression seemed a little nervous.

It was not the nervousness of shaking hands with her, but the nervousness of being stared at by some kind of danger. As if he was about to lose his life in the next moment. Big beads of sweat rolled down his cheeks.

Su Xingyue immediately smiled and said: "Classmate Wang Zhen, are you okay?"

Wang Zhen didn't dare to look in Liu Qingyi's direction. He knew what he should do. So he didn't wait for Su Xingyue to shake hands. He just clenched his hand into a fist and touched Su Xingyue: "Prevent and control the epidemic. Everyone has a responsibility. Let’s skip the handshake..."

"..."

Su Xingyue felt frustrated for the first time. But she still tried her best to keep smiling.

She suddenly discovered that the people at Number 60 High School seemed to be different from those she had met before. Except for Chen Chao and Guo Hao, whose reactions were expected and normal, everyone else who came into contact with her was so sparse. The usual look.

Number 60 High School has improved its ranking rapidly in the past six months, but it has not reached the level of Seiko Naya, right?

Su Xingyue originally thought that everyone in Number 60 High School looked like Chen Chao or Guo Hao. However, during the handshake, she found that these selected 60 elites all had a dull reaction.

It seems like someone who is used to big scenes...

Each one of them seemed to have saved the universe.

However, as a student of Shengke, Su Xingyue still worked hard to maintain her self-cultivation. Even though she was exhausted, she still used her professional expression management to control her smile well.

"Hello. Classmate Wang Ling."

The last one is Wang Ling.

She noticed it the moment Wang Ling entered the door.

This is the first person from Number 60 High School to rise up the ranking list this time. And Wang Ling has also appeared in several major competitions before.

Although it looks weak, its usual results are not particularly outstanding. But every time there is a competition for Wang Ling, it seems that Number 60 High School has won.

Su Xingyue was particularly concerned about this. She took the initiative to shake hands with Wang Ling.

At the same time, the invisible skin sensor on the palm is also running.

This is the second black technology of Shengke. The skin-type gloves are like a thin film on the hands. No one will notice that Su Xingyue is wearing such a magic weapon.

Skin gloves are used in combination with contact lenses. They can locate a person's state more accurately.

She shook hands one by one before. This was the purpose.

This group of elite students from Number 60 High School are all in the late Foundation Building period.

To be honest, Su Xingyue was a little disappointed.

This is the only average strength of the elite.

Their first-year students in Golden Core all started in the middle of Golden Core.

Some can even break through to Nascent Soul in their senior year of high school.

At this time, Su Xingyue felt slightly disappointed. However, to be cautious, she still conducted the test according to the plan she had made before.

The moment I shook hands with Wang Ling.

Su Xingyue suddenly felt that her palms were heating up rapidly!

This, this, this... what's going on?

The sudden scene surprised Su Xingyue.

After confirming that Wang Ling's level was only in the mid-term of Foundation Building, she quickly let go of her hand.

At this moment, everyone's focus has also shifted. Even Chen Chao and Guo Hao have woken up from Su Xingyue's gentle land.

Because they found that Su Xingyue's eyes were actually smoking...

Contact lenses and gloves broke at the same time!

This was a situation Su Xingyue had never thought of.

But Su Xingyue deserves to be Su Xingyue.

As one of Shengke's trump cards, even in this situation, she still moved forward and retreat freely and remained calm.

"Sorry. I need to go to the bathroom." She almost ran away. She quickly went to the bathroom, took off her glasses and gloves, and put them into her storage bag.

Because these two things are so easy to use. Su Xingyue uses them very frequently. In addition, she often travels abroad to compete. She has no time to maintain...

Unexpectedly, the chain dropped at the critical moment.

Fortunately, she has already tested everyone at Number 60 High School.

These sixty elites are still far behind compared to Shengke.

This time they are going to the center of the earth for the competition. The Huaxiu delegation can bring an extra team of seven students. As the number one university, Shengke will definitely go.

Then the remaining seven-member team will be selected from the top thirty universities in the country.

That’s right. Top 30!

Number 60 High School is currently ranked 37th in the country. We are not even qualified to go there!

It even stands to reason that Number 60 High School and Shengke are incompatible with each other.

But I don’t know why. This time, the name of Number 60 High School is included in the official recommendation list...

So almost as soon as the game was over, Su Xingyue received an order to come to Number 60 High School for testing.

And the person who ordered her to come here is none other than the current principal of Shengke. Dai Tianchun, known as Dai Crazy Devil...





Chapter 1921 Goddess and Goddess Immortal


This time we went to the inner earth world to participate in the competition. It was a phalanx composed of selected cultivation colleges represented by the country. Because of the entrance advantage, the Huaxiu country could bring an extra team of seven people in.

So in theory, there is no so-called competitive relationship between Shengke and Number 60 High School. Because after arriving in the inner earth world, everyone's guns are aligned with the outside world.

The top priority should be how to unite and cooperate in the inner earth world and win glory for the country.

However, Su Xingyue's visit this time was under the instruction of Dai Tianchun, the current principal of Sheng Ke.

According to Dai Kuangmo's temper, Su Xingyue guessed that one reason may be that the current principal is curious and intends to test Number 60 High School. Another reason may be that he wants to share the collected data. Share with allied universities.

Just like the relationship between Number 60 High School and Number 59 High School. Although on the surface it is a competitive relationship, in fact, there is also a covenant of cooperation and progress in private.

This is also the case with Shengke.

Even though Shengke is now firmly seated as the number one university, it can sit in this position all year round. It is extremely forward-looking to be prepared for danger in times of peace.

Even someone as powerful as Shengke still has allies.

Therefore, Su Xingyue guessed after getting the data. It is very likely that this data will also be provided to the second-ranked university in the country. Jingmen Number 8 High School, referred to as Jingba High School.

Of course, these are just Su Xingyue's current guesses. She is actually a little irritated because the contact lenses and gloves given by Shengke were burned out...

But she had already come to a conclusion about Number 60 High School. So after saying goodbye to Principal Chen and Vice Principal Jin Deng, she directly edited a WeChat message to Dai Tianchun.

There are only four words: nothing to be afraid of.

This time, Su Xingyue came very suddenly. Of course, Principal Chen was not completely unprepared.

After sending Su Xingyue away, he continued to leave Wang Ling and others in the office to lecture. After thinking about it for a long time, he said, "Dear classmates, you have also seen...the person who came here is not evil."

After all, it is currently the number one high school. The person sent to Number 60 High School is one of its aces. That kind of temperament is unforgettable as soon as it appears.

Even the aura of the goddess on Sun Rong has dimmed a lot due to it. To be honest, Su Xingyue is more like the immortal goddess who only appears in the paintings of secret landscapes.

But in fact, when facing Su Xingyue, most people here except Chen Chao and Guo Hao were extremely calm.

After all, they are all people who have seen the big world.

And let me tell you something. Wang Ling honestly thought that if Sun Rong was wearing that bright-moon glazed Hanfu, he could directly press Su Xingyue to the ground and rub her.

But now in school, everyone wears the same uniform.

People rely on clothes. Wang Ling feels that when the conditions are not uniform, there is really no comparison.

At this time, Principal Chen continued: "Perhaps everyone has guessed it. This time there is a large-scale competition. And it is a national competition. Students from two schools will be selected to be integrated and sent out as representatives. But it can We can't go. We are still unknown. As far as I know, this time Sheng Ke sent Su Xingyue to come. It was actually for testing."

"Isn't it that Shengke wants to test us?" Sun Rong asked.

"Well, classmate Sun Rong is really smart. Shengke ranked first. Their quota for the competition has been determined. The second school will be decided through the recommendation of the top school. It will even be decided after a comprehensive evaluation. Already."

At this point, Principal Chen's voice suddenly fell silent for a while. After a while, he said in a deep voice: "And our opponents. There are many... Although Shangfeng has selected a group, we, Number 60 High School, are also among them. But the overall quality of other universities is better than ours."

"Shengke sent Su Xingyue here this time. It was not to test for themselves. It was obviously to test their allied colleges."

Principal Chen said leisurely.

Although Principal Chen's level is not as high as that of other university principals, after all, with his current level, the other principals can be frightened. I am afraid that only Principal Chen can do it.

Arranging troops and figuring out the opponent's intentions has always been one of Principal Chen's strengths.

In addition, Number 60 High School also has a relationship with an ally school. Therefore, Principal Chen has already understood the intention of Shengke's trip.

"Everyone in the office now, as well as some senior students who are in class but are not here, are all elite representatives of our Number 60 High School. But this time there are only seven places. The big list still needs to pass a comprehensive evaluation. Decision. No matter who is selected in the end. I hope everyone will not have any resentment in their hearts."

Principal Chen said: "We are a collective. No matter who goes in the end, the honors we get belong to everyone."

Wang LingUnexpectedly, Principal Chen actually left them here to lecture them just to explain this matter.

But now it is still unknown whether we can go. The key depends on the final decision of the upper leadership.

Although their Number 60 High School has miraculously passed the first round of screening, but as Principal Chen said, which high school they went to this time is not better than them?

In addition, Shengke also sent his ally High School Jingmen Number 8 High School to collect information. Wang Ling was actually very relieved. He felt that the probability of Number 60 High School "winning" this time was very slim.

So originally Wang Ling was quite nervous before coming.

Now after listening to Principal Chen’s introduction, I feel much more at ease instantly.

First. There is still a question whether Number 60 High School can be selected.

Second, the selection of candidates for the big list this time needs to go through a comprehensive evaluation. And the person who makes the decision may not be the one who can make the decision.

In other words, even if Number 60 High School is finally chosen, Wang Ling feels that those who go may not necessarily get their turn.

He did a little better in the monthly exam this time. His extraordinary performance was short-lived.

Number 60 High School is now full of experts. Nine people have been called to the office alone. Not counting the elite class students in the senior class. If counted according to current standards, there are at least three people in Number 60 High School. More than a dozen people qualify.

If this is a continuous hit, Wang Ling feels that the probability is too low. It can't be judged by himself.

...

When school was over in the afternoon, Wang Ling was packing up his textbooks. He originally planned to go home directly. But then he saw someone handing a pack of crispy noodles to him.

The person who handed him something was Sun Rong. However, the thing was not given by Sun Rong. It was just handed over on his behalf: "Wang Ling. This is what Teacher Pan asked me to give you. He said it was the reward this time. ."

Wang Ling was shocked. This was the first time he received such a generous reward from Teacher Pan.

And what makes him even more horrified is that the package Teacher Pan gave him was actually a new flavor released this month. It came in a golden plastic bag! A limited edition at the canteen!

He suppressed his look of surprise and stopped pretending. He opened the bag of crispy noodles directly in front of Sun Rong.

There was no one else in the classroom. Sun Rong stared so boldly at Wang Ling's face that was slightly red with excitement. Although she still had no expression, she felt like this in her heart Wang Ling Very happy.

"Hey. There seems to be a card. It's a golden card." Suddenly. Sun Rong said.

"Um?"

Wang Ling takes out the card.

He remembered the new crispy noodles. For the sake of environmental protection, the card collection function has been cancelled. All of them are scanned the QR code in the bag. Cards are drawn through the Internet. After collecting the corresponding card set, you can replace the real thing.

Cash rewards. Virtual prop rewards. Even practice resources!

Wang Ling is confused. Why is there an extra card in this new package?

Could it be a bug?

He took out the card, tore open the plastic sleeve, and looked at the card carefully.

Wang Ling was shocked to find out.

This is no ordinary crispy noodle card.

But an invitation letter from Songhai City·Zhuquemen·Jiutian Teahouse...





Chapter 1922 Invitation to the 9-Day Teahouse


The Number 1 Combat Training Ground of Holy Science Academy. This is an exclusive fighting place for the top fifteen elites of each grade in Holy Science. Rivers, lakes, mountains, forests, deserts, glaciers...almost all terrains that can be seen in reality. It's all covered here.

The appearance of the stadium is extremely grand. From a distance, it can only cover an area the size of a football field. In fact, it combines the existing mature space expansion technology of the cultivation world to directly expand the area of the internal battle field to as much as 30,000 acres.

And special light sensors are set up in all directions. They are used for various numerical statistics during the battle. From spell damage to small friction during the duel during physical combat, all are accurately recorded.

This kind of combat training configuration is more luxurious than many universities in the world of cultivation. As the number one cultivation university in the country, Shengke has truly realized the combination of science and cultivation through existing scientific and technological means, and has further expanded its reputation in the country and even in the world. The influence of high school cultivation colleges around the world.

Su Xingyue arrived at the training hall that evening after collecting the data from Number 60 High School. The climate simulation system in the training hall completely separated the world inside from the outside world.

The current climate simulation system is in clear sky mode. The simulated sunlight shines down from the ceiling, making Su Xingyue feel slightly dazzling.

"Let's go together."

As soon as she entered the venue, she saw a young man also dressed in ancient costume. He was at the entrance of a towering waterfall in the venue. She spoke calmly.

He was wearing a black corset gown. His long black hair was high and mixed with a few silver threads. His eyes were slightly squinted. He had a mixture of heroism and evil charm. There was a sense of danger hidden in his smile.

The rapids of the waterfall passed under his feet. He saw Qu Shuling standing as steady as a rock. He remained motionless. His figure was thin and straight. He was like an immortal with an indescribable aura.

As soon as he finished speaking, all the people dormant around him took action in an instant.

It was just an instant. Hidden weapons suddenly arrived. Some even went too far and even held air guns. They used condensed spiritual energy and vaporized bullets to directly aim at Qu Shuling's vital parts and fire them.

In a brief moment, Qu Shuling was surrounded by dense attacks. There were various magic light groups, hidden weapons and even bullets all around him.

However, all these flying foreign objects stopped involuntarily when they were eight feet away from him, and were directly frozen in the void.

Qu Shuling's expression was calm and composed. As a trump card who was proficient in all departments, he still maintained his inherent calm and calm attitude even when he was surrounded.

In the next breath, he opened his squinted eyes. His handsome eyes revealed a sharp edge. All the flying foreign objects surrounding him appeared at the moment he opened his eyes.

Buzz!

All return according to the original trajectory!

Su Xingyue knew that this was Qu Shuling's best move. Because he was the trump card who was proficient in all systems. Therefore, he knew how to use natural elements to build a magnetic field, thereby forming a shield for himself that was invisible to the naked eye.

Accompanied by screams one after another around her, Su Xingyue knew that the competition was over.

Qu Shuling won again with a trump card.

"Everyone is not injured, right?" The battle was over. Qu Shuling lowered his body. He waved his hand and summoned the medical levitation ball, which scanned everyone here.

He had reserved his hand just now. He didn't make a heavy move.

The students who were competing with Qu Shuling also showed gratitude in their eyes: "President Qu is still amazing. I can't even match him."

In fact, their strength is not weak. The students who can train in this Number 1 training ground are all the top fifteen talents in each grade. Looking at the whole country, they are all young pillars.

As a result, they were completely crushed in the duel with Qu Shuling. They didn't even have the energy to breathe. This shows the terrifying strength of Qu Shuling.

"Old rules. When we fought President Qu just now, whoever's battle points exceeded 1,000 can use this to get a Tianling Pill from me later." Su Xingyue said with a smile.

Qu Shuling smiled and chatted with everyone for a while. Then he naturally walked with Su Xingyue. The two seemed to be walking and chatting.

Handsome men and beautiful women. Very pleasing to the eye.

But a scene like this, except for the people in the training hall, is not something outsiders can see.

"You're back. How's it going?"

Qu Shuling took the mineral water from Su Xingyue and asked.

"Not enough to be afraid of."

Su Xingyue commented: "Those students from Number 60 High School are only in the Foundation Building stage. I think those from Jingba should be more than enough to deal with them."

Qu Shuling smiled and shook his head: "If this is a serious duel, I think Jingba's chances of winning are indeed very high. I'm afraid that the leaders at the top will come over. For this second college team's recommendation and review, there should be more than It needs to be in the form of a competition. A pure competition is too simple and crude."

"What do you mean?" Su Xingyue blinked and showed an incredulous look.

"In this operation, we are representing the country. We are bringing honor to the country. We are two different universities. When we get to the scene, we must be at gunpoint. What we compete for is the ability to unite."

Qu Shuling said: "Do you think Number 60 High School can reach this point this year? What does it rely on? Does it only rely on the efforts of Miss Sun? Their team index and collective honor index are very high. . On par with our Holy Science."

"So that's it! That's why they were selected for this recommendation list as an exception? Let me tell you. They didn't reach the top thirty. How come they were selected for this recommendation list." Su Xingyue showed an expression of sudden realization.

At this time, she saw Qu Shuling's steps suddenly stopped. She frowned deeply as she stared at the bottle cap she had unscrewed.

"Did you win? Another bottle? No way... mineral water is also doing this now?" Su Xingyue was shocked.

"Not another bottle."

Qu Shuling handed the bottle cap to Su Xingyue.

Su Xingyue looked carefully at the small print inside the bottle cap. She slowly read: "Jiutian Teahouse...invitation?"

After muttering for a while, Su Xingyue seemed to have thought of something: "Ah. I seem to have heard of this teahouse somewhere."

"It's the teahouse in the old alley of Zhuquemen," Qu Shuling replied.

"right!"

Su Xingyue said: "I remember it was an internet celebrity teahouse. It was very famous."

"Then you probably don't know who the manager of that teahouse is."

"Is he a senior?"

"He is a senior. He is also a powerful person."

Qu Shuling frowned: "I just don't know what the matter is when this senior asked me to go."

Su Xingyue: "Then you...are you going?"

Qu Shuling nodded slightly: "Senior invited me. Of course I will go. And I think the people in Jingba may have received the same invitation. You go and tell them for me. If they also want to go to the center of the earth with us this time, To win glory. Ask them to pay attention to the invitation. Don't be vague."

"Okay!" Su Xingyue agreed wholeheartedly.





Chapter 1923 2 PleaseWang Ling


Despite Su Xingyue's unworldly appearance, she is actually a well-known social butterfly in St. Corey. Almost every school has such a person who plays the role of liaising with other schools to expand relationships and enhance friendship.

Of course, it is not free for Su Xingyue to pass on information. As the Number 8 high school in the country, the student union actually spent a lot of money to obtain Shengke's intelligence data.

Fortunately, these costs were agreed upon and delivered in one go. There is no need to consider the issue of subsequent bleeding.

However, as the student union president of Jingmen Number 8 High School, Li Changzhe still has a headache.

Tianyuan Grass, Earthly Flower, Eight-foot Jade, Nine-Desolate Lotus Seed...these rare heavenly materials and earthly treasures on the market. It took him a long time to collect them for Su Xingyue. It can be said to be a real hemorrhage.

But he really had no other choice. After all, Jingmen Number 8 High School was in Jinghua City and not in the same city as Number 60 High School. To find out information about Number 60 High School, it was most convenient for Shengke to take action.

While receiving the latest news from Su Xingyue, Li Changzhe, the student union president of Jingmen Number 8 High School, was staring at the crab shell on his hand in deep thought.

Although I don’t know why the crab shell has engravings on it.

But actually tell him. It does.

Li Changzhe had no idea how this was done. It was such a fresh crab. After it was cooked and matured, he opened it and saw that there was an inscription on the invitation letter of Jiutian Teahouse inside the shell...

Did the crab inadvertently peel off the shell and carve it and then reinstall it?

Li Changzhe felt it was outrageous.

And obviously, the other party came prepared. Because it seems that not many people know that they like to eat crabs.

"How are you going?" asked a girl with long dark blue hair in the student union office.

"You have to go. And Su Xingyue just sent me a message. I must pay attention to it. It seems that this senior Teng from Jiutian Teahouse is indeed not an ordinary person..."

"Listening to what you said, it sounds like you have some understanding?"

"Well. I went to Songhai City once before to have a social event with a foreign school. I also heard some rumors about the teahouse master Fuji-senpai. Some people said that even if any one of the current ten generals comes to visit the teahouse, he must be careful. The manager of this teahouse is very respectful."

"Oh my god. Who is this?" The girl with long dark blue hair was stunned.

"It's not clear yet. But there's definitely nothing wrong with paying more attention to it. And this senior definitely invited more than just me. I'm afraid he also invited everyone else on the recommendation list in his own way. So go take a look. It will also be convenient for us. Understand the situation."

Li Changzhe frowned, with a serious look on his face. Then he stood up immediately: "Okay. I'll go over now and pack the crabs to eat on the way!"

...

At the same time, on the other side, Wang Ling was also staring at this golden invitation card, lost in thought.

After being stunned for a moment, he stood up and threw the card into the trash can nearby.

Sun Rong holds her forehead. She knew it would be like this...

Different people have completely different attitudes towards cards. Faced with an invitation from a stranger, Sun Rong feels that Wang Ling is the correct response!

Jiutian Tea House. They don’t know where this place is. What if there is danger?

What should I do if I arrive at a teahouse and the manager of the teahouse makes me sleepy black tea?

All these issues need to be considered.

Sun Rong feels that young people should have this ability to think independently and identify dangers.

As expected of classmate Wang Ling!

In fact, before handing the noodles to Wang Ling, Sun Rong also received an invitation letter to Jiutian Teahouse... and the way the invitation was given was outrageous. Although I didn't know who the other party was. How did you do it? But the other party actually carved words directly on the toffee that Wang Ling gave her!

In other words, the person who sent the invitation must be someone close to her... There is a possibility that there is an insider in the villa where she lives!

Wang Ling gave her a full sack of these toffees last time. Most of them were stored in the bank's fresh-keeping warehouse. She usually only kept three of them as backup for dangerous situations.

He could steal her toffee so accurately, carve words on it without anyone noticing, and finally return it to her.

And the time when she wants to eat candy is quite accurate, and she is expected to open the one with the words engraved on it... all of this. Only the acquaintances around her can do it.

And Sun Rong felt that he must have received some psychological suggestion indirectly and unintentionally. Otherwise, it would not have been possible for him to want to eat toffee on a whim.

This is a precious toffee given to her by Wang Ling!

After seeing the engraving on the toffee before, Sun Rong has been hesitating about what to do.

Now she knows.

Who cares about Jiutian Teahouse...

Eat this toffee first and then talk.

...

Zhuquemen·Jiutian Teahouse, Songhai City. Teng Luchen was fishing by the pond in the backyard of the teahouse.

Jing Heqiu came to the door again. This was the first time he returned to the backyard. He was surprised to find the doorway to the pond in the backyard. A small pond connected the space of all lakes and seas. Teng Luchen held a bamboo fishing rod. It has the artistic conception of Jiang Taigong fishing.

It's just that this pond is connected to all the lakes and seas. It's not surprising that nothing can be caught...

"After receiving the invitation letter, how did they react?" It seemed that he already knew the purpose of Jing Heqiu's visit. Teng Luchen asked straight to the point.

"Teng Lao is very knowledgeable about things. Shengke, Jingba... those higher-ranking colleges and universities pay special attention to it. Li Changzhe from Jingba is already on the way. He will arrive today."

"Heh. He is quite positive."

"Qu Shuling from Shengke just tried it out on the street. He didn't come in directly."

"Hey. It is indeed the number one university. This cautious style is worth learning." Teng Luchen nodded. He was particularly satisfied with Qu Shuling.

"Maybe they already know Teng Lao's identity. Then..."

"It's impossible for them to know my identity. But based on their experience, it's not surprising that they can guess something." Teng Luchen shook his head slightly and said with a smile, "By the way. What about the other high schools. I want to know how they react. Like. "

"People sent by other universities are already exploring the location of Jiutian Teahouse. The only thing..."

When Jing Heqiu said this, he paused and looked a little ugly.

Teng Luchen asked: "Only what. Tell me clearly."

Jing Heqiu hesitated for a moment. Then he took out a crumpled golden invitation card from his sleeve: "I found this from the trash can in Number 60 High School... Mr. Teng. They are going too far." In my opinion, the quota for Number 60 High School should be canceled directly. They were not in the top 30 in the first place. It is a great grace to let them be included in the list!"

"Is that what you think?"

Teng Luchen immediately laughed and looked at Jing Heqiu with a "you are too young" look: "I think this kid from Number 60 High School has the most personality."

"Then now..."

"This Wang... uh... I suddenly can't remember his name. Anyway, this classmate Wang. Please come to your door in person and invite him over." Teng Luchen said.





Chapter 1924 Jing Heqiu comes to visit in person


In fact, Jing Heqiu didn't understand at all. What is the operation of hiring someone in person? He was just a student in the Foundation Building period. Why did Mr. Teng pay so much attention to it?

Number 60 High School was originally selected as an exception. If Ivy League veterans had not included Number 60 High School in the list, I am afraid that Number 60 High School would not even be qualified to participate in further selection.

The qualification to go to the inner world this time is very rare. It is an act of bringing glory to the country. Except for the fact that Shengke is currently number one in the college rankings.

The roster of the second seven-member team. There is an undercurrent surging privately among the top 30 colleges and universities. Everyone wants to ask for orders to play.

In fact, the invitation letter to Jiutian Teahouse is also a disguised test of the intelligence gathering capabilities of these universities. If this group of people knew who Teng Lao was, or even guessed a little bit about Teng Lao's identity, they would definitely not refuse the invitation.

To put it bluntly, so many colleges and universities pay attention to it. But this one was selected as an exception. I lost the invitation...

If he lost it, he would lose it. Teng Luchen actually asked him to go and invite it in person.

Jing Heqiu immediately lost his nerve.

He is the dean of Jiutian Jingmi Academy...

His position is comparable to that of the deputy leader of the Hundred Schools Alliance. He is stronger than the principals of the cultivation colleges and universities. After all, he is also one of Zhuo Yi's immediate bosses.

As a result, I was directly sent out to recruit a student from the Foundation Building period.

What's more, he is not completely unaware of Number 60 High School's "mascot" named Wang.

He is just a person who has won the championship position in several competitions through luck. Why is he valued so much by Mr. Fuji?

To be fair, Jing Heqiu's heart was a little broken. If Teng Luchen hadn't had a tough attitude, he would have been reluctant to invite Wang Ling in person.

But now he really has no choice.

After all, Teng Lao has been in the Suzaku Sect incognito for many years. He has scouted many students before and after.

Jing Heqiu could only think that maybe he was blind and failed to see the extraordinary qualities of this mascot.

...

I don't know if it's because I have to set aside time to prepare for the competition. Or maybe it's because Teacher Pan is in a particularly good mood. Today's homework for Class 1 and Class 3 was very little. Let Wang Ling finish it all at school. .

As a result, Wang Ling began to feel a long-lost sense of emptiness after returning home.

Is this what it feels like to feel uncomfortable after not doing homework for a day... Sure enough, he is still a child who loves to learn.

With nothing to do, Wang Ling naturally can only scroll through my phone. Weibo, Douyin, and eating melon on various public platforms is the best way to kill time.

Wang Ling At first glance, he saw the hot search news recommended by the system: rock singer Mr. Wang Banbi is about to hold a concert.

At this moment, his heart skipped a beat. He immediately knew that something was going to happen in the entertainment industry again...

I don’t know if it is because the entrance to the inner earth world has been opened, causing the earth’s core to become unstable. Wang Ling found that this year, the entertainment industry seems to be collapsing everywhere. From time to time, there will be a wave of major earthquakes.

Wang Ling feels that this is a backlash in the entertainment industry. Ultimately, it is because people were too tolerant of artists and idols in the past. But now the country of Huaxiu is gradually growing. The country is peaceful and the people are safe. Under the circumstances of increasingly rich spiritual needs . The people also began to have rich thinking abilities.

At least. I will no longer be immersed in the world of an idol alone. I will link everything to the star idol.

As a result, the standards for treating these artists and idol stars have been raised.

In addition, these star idols nowadays especially like to shape their own personas. In the past, there were some academic masters. Now there are some immortal men and the like... The more extreme the persona is, the more it will collapse once it collapses.

So it's better not to create random characters, because you will often overturn if you are not careful. Wang Ling feels that today's own can be used as a typical case.

If he had always adhered to the score-pushing policy, he wouldn't have been so stupid this time. But before this monthly exam, he believed Wang Ying's lies...

But Wang Ling didn't understand it himself. He only got a slightly higher score than usual. How could he be ranked first in the grade? This is too outrageous!

I was feeling depressed. At this time, Zhuo Yi suddenly sent him a text message. It was about the inner earth world project.

Because the decision-making power on this matter does not belong to Zhuo Yi at all. If Wang Ling hadn't asked Zhuo Yi to help investigate. Zhuo Yi would never have known about this. plan.

Therefore, this competition in the inner earth world is of a hidden kind. The upper leadership has no intention of announcing it to the outside world at this stage. Therefore, there is currently no news on the Internet.

"Master, I asked a lot of people around. Finally I know something about the situation. This time the inner earth world is actually a war between various countries to divide the resources of the inner earth world."

"But considering that if all countries send their powerful powers to have a fight, it may cause a devastating blow to the inner earth world."

"So after joint discussions, we came up with the plan to select elite representatives from high school students and send them to the inner earth competition."

"The person who ultimately wins the competition can obtain limited rights to divide the resource area. And in terms of the divided area, it can be 10% more than other cultivation countries!"

After seeing the message from Zhuo Yi, Wang Ling nodded thoughtfully. It turned out that this was the idea...

Indeed. Although the True Immortal realm is nothing in the eyes of Wang Ling, these True Immortals are really going to fight. They still have the ability to destroy several big cities.

The resources in the inner earth world are already precious. If these powerful people go to the inner earth world to compete, there may be no resources left in the end.

So it is indeed the safest to send high school students whose average level is only Foundation Building to Golden Core.

He's just a high school student. His destructive power is not that strong.

Thinking of this, Wang Ling felt even more ashamed. Then the hell we couldn't send him!

What if he had a nuclear explosion directly in the inner earth???

The original purpose of not allowing powerful people to compete is to protect the inner world.

As a result, if he is sent in... what is the difference between this and installing a nuclear bomb directly at home!

At this time, after knowing the whole story, Wang Ling's heart collapsed.

He had an unknown premonition.

Although from a probability perspective, the probability of him being selected for the seven-man team was very low, he always felt as if he was being stared at by someone.

But at this moment, the eyes of Wang Ling in front of the desk suddenly turned to the window.

Not just Wang Ling. Even Er Ha felt a mysterious and powerful aura suddenly appear at the door of the Wang family's villa.

"The peak of the eighth level of True Immortal realm." Er Ha shook his hair and looked out the window calmly. He immediately made an accurate judgment on the realm of the visitor.

Although the earth has been upgraded, this means that the overall state of human cultivators will make a big leap in the future, aligning with the divine realm.

But in the final analysis, judging from the current stage, there are actually only a handful of human cultivators who can reach the eighth level of the True Immortal realm.

So who is this man? And why does he suddenly appear at the door of his house?





Chapter 1925 Shengke’s Data Pagoda


Qu Shuling was almost the first to know the news that Li Changzhe arrived in Songhai City on the same day's immortal boat. This relied on big data clues collected by Shengke from various competitions over the years.

Through contact with students from other schools in competitions, and through data collection through Shengke contact lenses and contact gloves, the specific training data of students from other schools are compiled into a place called the Data Pagoda in Shengke.

Then use the artificial intelligence embedded in the data pagoda to evaluate the basic talents of these high school students from other schools through the collected data. Calculate their basic cultivation growth value in the next few years without the assistance of any resources. Finally, the high school students will be evaluated. Students give ratings.

sss is the highest level. Followed by ss, s, a, b and c.

This evaluation system was independently developed by Shengke. And the most amazing thing is that the data they collect is not limited to the basic panel data of students. Even their aura attributes can be collected. And it can be set up by Shengke in Song Aura monitoring tower in Hai City to collect the specific movements of these high school students.

As the student union president of Holy Science College, Qu Shuling naturally has the right to use the data pagoda. Therefore, as soon as Li Changzhe came to Songhai City, the electronic map transmitted by the data pagoda came to his contact lens.

There is a black light spot that is moving rapidly on it. Through detailed analysis, it is shown that this red light spot is Li Changzhe himself.

Qu Shuling was reading leisurely in the Songhai City Library. He deliberately remained calm. After waiting for a while, he looked at the mobile phone on the table.

Buzz! Buzz!

Sure enough, the phone vibrated.

"Did Li Changzhe make an appointment with you?" Su Xingyue spread out the book and asked, covering half of her face.

"Yeah." Qu Shuling nodded. This was expected. However, Li Changzhe made an appointment with him two hours later.

He and Su Xingyue had just returned from the Suzaku Gate and confirmed the location of the Jiutian Teahouse. However, Qu Shuling was not in a hurry to go in. He wanted to wait and see Li Changzhe and see how many people were fighting for this rare spot. What exactly will be done?

Qu Shuling: "He asked me to meet in two hours."

Su Xingyue was suspicious: "We have obviously arrived in Songhai City. It will take another two hours? Who are you going to see?"

"It's normal."

Qu Shuling was not surprised and said: "He also has friends in Songhai City. And as far as I know, Jian Shen College is also fighting for a place to go to the inner world this time. Their student union president and vice president have a relationship with Li Changzhe Excellent."

"That Yi Zhiyang? The one who was beaten by Sun Rong in the previous game?"

"Yes. I was injured before." Qu Shuling nodded and spoke concisely.

At this point, Su Xingyue burst out laughing: "Hahahaha! I know him!"

"It is said that he has not recovered yet. He cannot stop his mental recovery. It is really difficult to get a quota in this state."

Su Xingyue laughed so hard. After all, Yi Zhiyang's incident was also famous in the cultivation campus circle in Songhai City.

It's not an exaggeration to call it a social death scene. I'm afraid it will take a long time to recover from this psychological treatment. And even if I recover, I'm afraid Yi Zhiyang will quickly escape from the earth and live on another planet.

Now Yi Zhiyang. is like the designated comedian in the cultivation campus circle.

Although he is indeed very strong, many people can't stand it when they think of the match between him and Sun Rong...

It's a bit difficult.

But Su Xingyue also knows that besides Yi Zhiyang, Jian Shen Academy is not without masters.

For example, their vice president of the student union is something to be wary of.

In the data pagoda of Shengke. Gong Xuan, the vice president of Jian Shen College, is also one of the few students nationwide rated at the SSS level.

...

The school uniforms of Jingmen Number 8 High School are very unique. All students in the school wear hip-hop style hooded sweatshirts. The layout and workmanship of the clothes are similar to Number 60 High School. There is a Pekingese dog painted on the right chest. as a logo.

Jingba, Jingba... This is a perfect homophony. It is said that the designer who originally designed this school uniform was deducted money on the spot because of the homophony. But the overall design of the school uniform is very unique because the students like it very much. It continued to be used.

The school uniform of Jingmen Number 8 High School is indeed quite unique. Except for the Pekingese dog logo on the right chest, the text on the back is part of the sixteen-character school motto of Jingmen Number 8 High School.

Because sixteen characters are too long, the school uniforms assigned to each student only show four of the sixteen characters.

The four words written on the back of Li Changzhe are "continuous self-improvement".

As soon as he landed, Li Changzhe saw a young man wearing a peaked cap and a black gown waiting for him at the exit of the Immortal Boatyard.

He recognized it at a glance as the uniform of Jian Shen College. It was completely different from the exaggerated hip-hop style of Jingba. The conservative school style of Jian Shen College made their overall uniform look particularly simple.

All black. On the chest is the logo of three swords overlapping each other.

"Brother Xuan!" Li Changzhe was very excited when he saw the visitor. He quickly went over to shake hands with the young man.

Gong Xuan slapped his hand away with a look of disgust. His voice was cold: "Talking while walking."

In fact, the relationship between him and Li Changzhe is not that good. It was actually Yi Zhiyang who asked him to come to pick up Li Changzhe this time. He and Li Changzhe had only met a few times before. It turned out that Li Changzhe was a natural acquaintance. The kind that anyone would stick to with that face as hot as the sun.

"Is Brother Yi feeling better? This time I came to Songhai City. In addition to doing my own business, I also want to see him." Li Changzhe said.

"The president is not completely free yet. "

Gong Xuan sighed and replied: "He said, whenever I see sharp objects, my butt hurts."

Li Changzhe: "Isn't it difficult to use a sword? But what he is best at is swordsmanship..."

Gong Xuan: "It's better now. It's just a dull pain. I can still use the sword despite the pain. It's not like before when I saw sharp objects and it hurt so much that I couldn't move. This psychological barrier can only be overcome slowly."

"Hey. Then Sun Rong was really ruthless when he started. I heard from Qu Shuling that Number 60 High School was also selected this time. I feel very bad."

"Don't underestimate Number 60 High School."

Gong Xuan frowned. He looked at Li Changzhe and said seriously: "If nothing else happens, Number 60 High School should be our toughest opponent among all the high school schools competing for places this time."

"I know. That's why I came to Songhai in a hurry." Li Changzhe said: "I was thinking about other schools and they had to find a way. Anyone can go. But at least they can't let Number 60 High School go. They The ranking is only 37th in the country. What qualifications do you have to go? You said no."





Chapter 1926 Method of Confirming Qualifications


Li Changzhe's confident speech made Gong Xuan frown slightly.

He was not in a hurry to refute Li Changzhe's words. The two of them came to a roadside barbecue stall with a feast of entertainment.

Li Changzhe suggested finding a roadside stall like this before on the immortal boat. We could sit down and chat and meet up, and have a late-night snack by the way.

Of course. The students who can be summoned here are equivalent to those who are allied with Li Changzhe. All schools' intelligence data is shared. The purpose is to exclude Number 60 High School in this final selection.

There were many school representatives coming. Among the out-of-town student representatives were Li Changzhe from Jingmen Number 8 High School. There was also a representative from Xiulan High School from Dongshi.

There are even more local schools. There is Tianyuan High School, as well as Fumo Number 1 High School and Taitan High School, which I met before at the Jiulong Mountain Physical Martial Arts Competition.

These are all the top thirty cultivation high schools. They gathered together to share information for the final selection of the inner earth world.

Li Changzhe ordered the skewers and said, "It seems that the leaders at Shangfeng do not want to decide the final roster through competition. Otherwise, based on the comprehensive strength of our high schools, which one is not better than those sixty?"

"No. I think it might be better if there is no competition." At this moment, Gong Xuan said.

At the same time, he looked at Gao Tianming from Fumo Number 1 High School and Zhu Hanyun from Taitan High School.

To be honest, Number 60 High School is not easy to deal with. As an old rival who has fought with Number 60 High School, Gong Xuan feels that other colleges and universities do not have the right to speak as they do.

After all, they both lost to Number 60 High School in the Kowloon Mountain Gymnastics Competition. And their results in all aspects were not as good as Number 60 High School... Although they also felt that Number 60 High School's victory was very strange. But they just recovered after the game. I can't find anything wrong with it.

So Gong Xuan has always felt that this time the roster will not be determined through competition. On the contrary, it is a good thing. Otherwise, they would not even know how to lose.

Although the overall strength of Number 60 High School's Principal Chen is not strong, he is better at arranging troops and calculating others. That Principal Chen Tianxiang personally led the team to fight in Jiulong Mountain. He immediately sent the other college principals to They were so scared that they formed an alliance to deal with Number 60 High School together.

That time and that moment. So much like this moment...

"I wonder if you have received the invitation letter from Jiutian Teahouse?" At this time, Li Changzhe suddenly asked a key question.

Because of the information sharing relationship, everyone had nothing to hide, so they all took out their "tokens".

Just like Li Changzhe's crab shells, everyone else had their favorite things in their hands. The senior from Jiutian Teahouse had unknowingly left an invitation mark on them.

After Li Changzhe read it, he nodded immediately, "It seems that the decisive point lies in the Jiutian Teahouse. The senior summoned so many of our student representatives there. I'm afraid he wanted to select through interviews. But I don't know what to do. Way..."

"A discussion of Tao?" Zhu Hanyun said, touching his chin.

Places like teahouses always feel inexplicably consistent with lectures and discussion.

"Maybe. But we can't speculate on the deep meaning behind the senior of Jiutian Teahouse. I don't know the origin of that senior. But Qu Shuling told me that I must pay attention to this invitation." Li Changzhe said.

"So it was Qu Shuling who told you..." Everyone couldn't help but jump in their eyes when they heard this name.

No wonder Li Changzhe came to Songhai City a few hours ago to form an alliance to fight Number 60 High School.

This is what feelings are like...

Naqu Shuling is currently the student council president among the freshmen in Shengke. He is also the number one trump card. The intelligence information he has is far beyond that of everyone here.

There was silence for a long moment. Gao Tianming's tall and thin body suddenly moved. He stared at the engraved puppet in his hand. He said in a cold voice: "Since everyone has received the invitation, then everyone must be invited. The time is the same."

The invitation letter clearly stated the time of visit. Everyone took out the tokens and checked. They found that the visit time of the teahouse was 0:00 the next day.

The senior of Jiutian Teahouse asked them to visit at midnight.

But under normal circumstances, Suzaku Gate will close at 23:00.

In other words, they have to use their own methods to enter the Suzaku Gate first. This will be the first level of test.

Everyone here is an elite among high school students. It is probably not difficult to break through a Suzaku Gate. The key point is what kind of test you will encounter in the follow-up.

Everyone looked at each other at a loss for a while.

Li Changzhe ate two grilled crabs with satisfaction. He wiped his mouth with a wet tissue and said, "Let's do it. I also made an appointment with Qu Shuling alone. I'll go see him first. Wait until 11 o'clock in the evening. Everyone will gather at the door of Zhuque Gate. Well. If I have any new information then, I will tell everyone everything I know."

"That's all we have to do." Everyone nodded.

Everyone is worried about the next test.

But after this brief discussion, everyone's purpose is clear.

That is to try our best to get a quota. Number 60 High School must not be allowed to participate...

...

Time went back to eight o'clock in the evening. Wang Ling and Er Ha discovered a sudden visit from a man at the eighth level of True Immortal realm at the door of the villa.

To be honest, Jing Heqiu's heart was broken. It was the first time that he had to lower his dignity and invite a student from the Foundation Building period.

Although he had no idea what exactly Teng Lao was planning. But after all, it was the official level that killed everyone... As his immediate boss, Teng Lao wanted to send him here. Of course he had to come.

But now he had arrived at the door of the Wang family's villa. Jing Heqiu was stunned again. He didn't know how to speak.

And it’s already so late. What if the child’s parents don’t let the child go out?

Everything is a problem.

So Jing Heqiu stood at the door like a wooden figure. Knocking on the door was not a problem. Not knocking on the door seemed to be a problem...

Of course, Jing Heqiu was not completely unprepared.

He knew what the young people in this house were passionate about. Therefore, when he sent out invitations before, he used crispy noodles to distribute them.

Now thinking about it carefully, Jing Heqiu suddenly felt that maybe his expression was not clear enough. Or maybe he gave too little.

Jing Heqiu sighed deeply. He had no choice but to open his windbreaker. He took out the limited edition crispy noodles he had prepared in advance and spread them out on the ground.

These limited-edition crispy noodle plastic bags are all of different colors with laser patterns, like gems, shining brightly.

Jing Heqiu was hesitating whether to knock on the door or not.

At this moment, the door in front of me opened by itself...

Jing Heqiu was horrified.

This is a crispy noodle. The effect is outstanding!





Chapter 1927 Breaking through the door of 9-day teahouse


Jing Heqiu didn't expect that it would be so easy to invite someone out of the house as long as he liked him. He looked at the boy who still looked childish in front of him. The apple muscles on his face couldn't help but twitch. He felt in his heart. He couldn't help but sigh immediately.

After all, he is still a child. He cannot bear this benefit. He will never become a great person in the future.

Let him, the dean of Jingmi Academy, come out to hire people in person. Jing Heqiu is absolutely unwilling. At the same time, precisely because he is the dean of Jingmi Academy, Jing Heqiu has his own way of identifying talents.

In his opinion, Wang Ling cannot be called a talent at all. It is far worse than all the young geniuses he has seen.

But this was the person Teng Lao wanted to see. Jing Heqiu had no choice. Although he had a kind of contempt in his heart, he did not show it.

Still looking at Wang Ling in a good voice. He bowed and said, "Hello, classmate Wang. I wonder if classmate Wang has received an invitation from Jiutian Teahouse. Our director wants to meet you."

Wang Ling had already spread the seasoning packets. At the same time, he was looking Jing Heqiu up and down.

To be honest, he had no intention of going out at all. But just now Jing Heqiu laid out so many limited-edition crispy noodles in a row on the ground. Looking at the golden outer packaging, Wang Ling really couldn't help it. .

His hand reached out involuntarily. As a result, it was over.

As the saying goes, taking advantage of others is short-handed. Since he has accepted the benefits of others, then it is also what he should do to cooperate with the work.

Judging from Jing Heqiu's dress, it is not difficult to judge that this is one of the top executives of the Geocentric Project. If he refuses now, he doesn't know what kind of harassment he will encounter in the future.

Wang Ling sighed in his heart.

Finally, he nodded helplessly.

...

The time came on the evening of January 14th in front of the Zhuque Gate in Songhai City. The evening market had ended ten minutes early.

As the main entrance of Suzakumon Gate was closed, a large number of high school students wearing their respective school uniforms gathered at the door.

The Zhuquemen Ancient Street, which had become completely quiet, was completely dark. It was pitch black. Only the Jiutian Teahouse in the ancient alley still had two simple lanterns lit in front of it, as if waiting for their arrival.

After confirming that the last staff member had left the Suzaku Gate, everyone knew that the operation had begun.

They need to break through the Suzaku Gate and reach the Jiutian Tea House before midnight.

Although the staff on duty have evacuated, they still have to be careful of the floating electronic balls patrolling around the Suzaku Gate. It is a scientific device that guards the entire Suzaku Gate for any abnormal movements.

Although it is not stated in the rules, it is the right choice not to disturb those alarm electronic balls.

Everyone was preparing to take action. However, at this moment, a young man wearing a black redeeming gown suddenly jumped out. Directly ahead of everyone else, he headed towards the main entrance of the Suzaku Gate.

"It's Qu Shuling! He's here!"

Someone recognized the figure of Qu Shuling, the president of the Shengke Student Union. However, no one dared to imagine that Qu Shuling was so courageous. The alarm electronic ball was patrolling near the main entrance of Suzaku Gate. Under such circumstances, he actually He dared to walk in directly and openly.

All the students in the dark held their breath at the same time. They wanted to see how Qu Shuling would break through the Suzaku Gate.

However, what everyone expected was that when those alarm electronic balls passed by Qu Shuling, they did not make any alarm sound.

"What's going on? Did you hack into the system in advance?" Some people were confused.

"Probably not. If you hack into the system, why not just turn off the alarm ball?" Li Changzhe thought for a moment and said, "Don't forget. Qu Shuling is proficient in all systems! He can change the body's magnetic field through elements. This is also his usual method..."

"Yes. I think so." Gong Xuan from Jian Shen Academy nodded beside him: "By changing the magnetic field, the frequency of its own magnetic field is consistent with that of the alarm ball. This causes the alarm ball to misjudge. It is thought that Qu Shuling is also in the alarm ball. a member of."

Hearing this, the other students cursed secretly in their hearts.

Abnormal!

I'm afraid only Qu Shuling can do this kind of method!

As they watched Qu Shuling majestically walk towards the closed Suzaku Gate, using wood spells to integrate with the Suzaku Gate and easily escape into the Suzaku Gate, everyone also thought of a way to break through the Suzaku Gate.

They are all elite students from the top thirty cultivation high schools in Huaxiu country. It is not difficult to break through a city gate.

The key is not to disturb these alarm balls. This is a test with a slightly increased difficulty level. But overall it is harmless.

Gong Xuan held the spirit sword in his hand. He drew a line of sword energy directly in the air. He accurately calculated the landing point of the parabola. Then he used the sword energy to build a narrow bridge of sword energy. Then he quickly put away the spirit sword. Controlling the sword energy and walked out. It was like a skateboard, allowing him to easily cross the Suzaku Gate.

Most of the alarm balls have a magic weapon early warning mechanism. If you drive the spiritual sword directly, the alarm will definitely react to the running magic weapon, even if it is a spiritual sword.

But it's different when you first use the spirit sword to draw sword energy to build a bridge for yourself. This is also a speculative cover-up.

Li Changzhe secretly admired the methods of people's eight-immortal crossing of the sea. Some used escape techniques to escape from the ground. Others directly used body shrinking spells to stick to others. Others directly inflated their bodies to turn into a floating body. The empty human balloon flies over the Suzaku Gate.

"Interesting." Li Changzhe deliberately didn't take action first. He stood admiring it for a long time. It wasn't until he finished the cup of crab roe milk tea in his hand that he patted the ashes under his butt and stood up from the ground.

It was certainly not difficult for Li Changzhe to break through the Suzaku Gate. He squeezed the seal with his hands and directly decomposed his body at a very long distance, turning it into a pool of mist. Then it flowed in along the cracks in the Suzaku Gate.

I saw that these white mist finally reorganized behind the Suzaku Gate and transformed into Li Changzhe's appearance again.

At this time, almost everyone had gathered inside the Zhuque Gate.

Li Changzhe roughly counted the number of people. Then he smiled and said: "Let's go. Let's go to Jiutian Teahouse. Qu Shuling should have already gone in."

Everyone looked at each other and nodded to each other.

Then he followed Li Changzhe's footsteps and explored the dark ancient streets, and finally confirmed the location of the Jiutian Teahouse with two lanterns lit at the door.

But what they didn't expect was that Qu Shuling was standing in front of the Jiutian Tea House. And his calm and calm attitude was completely different from the previous one when he entered the Zhuque Gate.

For some reason, Li Changzhe always felt that Qu Shuling was a little angry.

Buzz!

The next moment, a raging fire ignited from Qu Shuling's palm.

"Meteor Flame Palm?" Qu Shuling recognized this palm technique. And it is a third-level high-grade palm technique! It can easily break boulders!

Boom!

I saw that Qu Shuling's palm hit the door of Jiutian Tea House accurately.

However, this strange teahouse door seemed to have the ability to absorb the power of elements. It immediately resolved Qu Shuling's palm!

With one palm strike, the door of the teahouse did not move at all, but Qu Shuling was staggered by the shock. The huge impact pushed Qu Shuling away. He did several backflips in the air before landing firmly on the ground.

When Li Changzhe, Gong Xuan and other students saw this scene, they couldn't help but have a look of horror on their faces.

They understood immediately.

The real test this senior gave them was not to break through the Suzaku Gate!

But to break through the teahouse door and enter the teahouse!





Chapter 1928 Everyone Shows Their Magical Powers


Everyone faced the Jiutian Teahouse. At this time, they were all thoughtful. Originally, Li Changzhe thought that Qu Shuling had already entered. As a result, even the most powerful genius high school student was trapped outside the teahouse. This made Li Changzhe feel sad in his heart. Shocked.

It seems that the door of Jiutian Tea House is difficult to break through with ordinary magic. The previous move of Qu Shuling's Meteor Flame Palm, the palm flame was completely swallowed up as soon as it approached the door.

Of course, Qu Shuling hasn't given up completely yet. His expression has completely darkened, and he looks like he wants to break through the teahouse door on his own.

"Brother Li, what should we do?" People around were asking. Even though they could be considered leaders of the younger generation, they were still a little frightened when facing Qu Shuling and others.

For many high school students, Qu Shuling is the top master among high school students. Except for the second brother Li Changzhe, no one here dared to talk to Qu Shuling directly.

"Don't worry. Brother Qu has his own ideas. Let him try it first. With Brother Qu's superb level, if he can't break through, we will have no hope. At this time, we should stand aside quietly. Watch. Let’s take a look at Brother Qu’s battle. Let’s learn from his battle experience.” Li Changzhe said.

His words sounded like those of an old man. There was almost no fault to be found. It even made Qu Shuling feel a little comfortable...

But the problem is that after this speech, the pressure came to Qu Shuling. Li Changzhe put such a high hat on himself in front of so many people. If he still can't find a way to break through, he will be the one who is embarrassed.

Click!

Suddenly, an astonishing electromagnetic arc appeared between Qu Shuling's clasped palms.

In an instant, Qu Shuling's aura increased in a brief moment. The strong sense of oppression caused everyone around him to take a few steps back.

Everyone was shocked. This was already the peak combat power of Golden Core in the later period... It was rumored that Qu Shuling would break through Nascent Soul soon. Everyone still didn't believe it. Now the sense of oppression caused by the release of this aura directly proved that Qu Shuling How powerful is the spirit?

He is worthy of being the number one monk among high school students!

At this time, there was an electromagnetic surge in Qu Shuling's palm. He controlled the magnetic field to convert the electromagnetism into an electric arc and accurately shocked his body. This was a method of using electromagnetic stimulation to stimulate acupuncture points. Qu Shuling's whole body was covered in energy in a short moment. Muscles swell.

He untied the upper part of his black gown and tied it around his waist. The swollen muscles in his upper body emitted sizzling arcs of electricity. Those muscles were like sponges that constantly absorbed water. After they swelled, they were compressed back into the body by Qu Shuling. .

After repeated training in a short period of time, Qu Shuling's figure was finally maintained in a muscular state that was not too exaggerated.

"Use electromagnetic stimulation of acupuncture points to achieve three-stage compression. Brother Qu is so fierce!" Li Changzhe looked at it with wonder. At the same time, he couldn't help but applaud. He was not stingy with his compliments. At the same time, he also felt sorry for Qu Shuling in his heart. I was shocked by this exaggerated electromagnetic control.

He is indeed a genius who is proficient in the entire department.

Boom!

The next moment, Qu Shuling took action. The three-section compressed body made him as solid as a rock. This time he did not use any magic as a guide to attack. Instead, he purely used the power of his body to fight against the teahouse door.

This was a punch that had been charged to the extreme. It was aimed at the door of the teahouse and came through the air. Considering Qu Shuling's current state, such a punch was enough to crack mountains and crack rocks!

His speed was so fast that the people around him couldn't even see the trajectory of Qu Shuling's punch. The punch hit the teahouse door accurately.

However, just when everyone thought that the teahouse door was about to be destroyed by Qu Shuling's punch, a golden vortex suddenly appeared on the door. Qu Shuling's fist seemed to have been directly driven into a ball of cotton. Then the whole person followed him The punch was sucked into the door.

"That's it!" Seeing Qu Shuling being sucked away by the door of Jiutian Teahouse, Li Changzhe also understood. He immediately laughed: "It seems that this teahouse door has a power standard. If it really reaches the power recognized by the teahouse door . will be directly connected."

After understanding the rules, the remaining people were eager to try it.

To put it bluntly, this is a test of strength.

You cannot use spells directly. But you can refer to Qu Shuling's method of using spells to stimulate the physical body first, increase the strength of your physical body, and finally break through forcefully.

At the same time, Li Changzhe also thought that their power does not need to be as exaggerated as Qu Shuling. There must be a middle standard.

If you have to reach Qu Shuling's level before you can enter, most of the people here have to squat in front of the teahouse.

So after thinking for a short time, the high school students outside the teahouse began to show their talents one by one.

The method used is consistent with Qu Shuling's - first use spells or other means to increase your own strength!

Li Changzhe stood in front of the door, trying to turn himself into mist again and pouring in from the crack in the door. As a result, after entering, he just hit the wall as a ghost and returned to the same place.

This confirmed Li Changzhe's idea. Essentially, whether one can enter the teahouse is determined by a test of strength.

...

At the same time, on the other side, Jing Heqiu also rushed to the scene with Wang Ling. The two of them stood on the eaves of a house and looked at everything in front of them quietly. Wang Ling was eating crispy noodles. While watching the people in front of them working extremely hard to score goals.

"Brother Wang."

Jing Heqiu spoke.

Yes. He called Wang Ling brother directly. The expression on his face was as if he wanted to cry without tears.

Originally, entering the Suzaku Gate was actually a test. But when he took Wang Ling to the door, he found that it was too late. And Wang Ling also seemed to have not taken action.

In order not to waste time, he had no choice but to use the authority belt Wang Ling to directly cross the Suzaku Gate.

He was really convinced of Wang Ling... and he was so convinced that he couldn't find a reason. The sad look of Brother Wang had already shown how helpless Jing Heqiu was at this time.

He is the dean of Jingmi Academy. He has never seen such an incredible genius. Now he is coaxing people to participate in the competition like a child... When word spreads, where will his old face go!

Wang Ling sighed while chewing the dough. He felt that this group of people was also very strange.

Since you invited yourself to the teahouse, you also sealed the door of the teahouse with secret techniques. If you don't have enough strength, you won't be allowed in. What's the difference between this behavior and taking off your pants and farting?

At this time, Wang Ling stood on the eaves and looked at the people below working hard to show off their magical powers. He also felt a little helpless in his heart.

"Brother Wang, I helped you pass the Suzaku Gate. How about you participate in this operation?" Jing Heqiu was about to cry. Wang Ling still refused to participate, which made him very anxious.

"Break·door·action·move?"

Wang Ling raised his eyebrows.

oh...

It turns out that there is no need to ensure that the teahouse door is intact. You can even break it...

Okay. He got it.





Chapter 1929 Wang Ling’s way of breaking the door


Wang Ling is still observing the situation at the scene. Wang Ling has completely understood the secret technique cast on the door of Jiutian Teahouse. This is a test of physical strength.

In other words, as long as you don't use spells, you can use other physical attacks to break in.

Chi!

A girl wearing a ranger-style school uniform was obviously aware of this. She stood in front of the teahouse with her bow and arrows fully drawn.

The golden arrow is simple and unpretentious. It rubs the air with a harsh sound. It shuttles through the void and traces an extremely beautiful trajectory.

Finally, it was firmly nailed to the door of Jiutian Tea House. After waiting for a moment, the arrow was directly swallowed by the door.

"What a good arrow! It's just a tiny bit less powerful than the preset standard. It will pass the certification." From a distance, Jing Heqiu stood next to Wang Ling and sighed.

From a long distance, he recognized the young man who was shooting arrows as Zhang Linyan from Emperor Shi Tianzhong. Emperor Shi Tianzhong was the third-ranked cultivation institution in the country. It was also the school where Fang Xing attended before transferring to another school. .

The students who can study there have unusual family backgrounds and identities. However, generally speaking, the students of Dishi Tianzhong are very low-key. Moreover, the school adopts a closed education system.

That is to say, although they are ranked among the top three in the country, the styles of colleges such as Shengke and Jingba, which are active all year round on self-media channels and using traffic to create stars, are completely different. Students from Emperor Shi Tianzhong are generally cruel and talkative. There are many. And it is extremely low-key.

The Zhang Linyan in front of me is the best example. She never said a word from beginning to end. She seemed to have no sense of existence. But in fact, she became a blockbuster as soon as she made a move.

The arrow Zhang Linyan just shot obviously did not exert its full power. Her black hair fell down around her waist. She raised the bow again, looking heroic.

At this moment, the stunning feeling brought by Zhang Linyan's attack even surpassed that of the popular Li Changzhe.

In front of the teahouse, everyone held their breath and stared at this scene.

Chi!

This is the second arrow. The strong wind roars, tearing the earth apart. The flags on the old gatehouses in the ancient streets are all floating due to this sword. Some signs cannot even withstand the wind pressure of the strong wind and are directly brought down by this arrow. The wind broke.

This time, Zhang Linyan's arrow successfully pierced the door of Jiutian Teahouse. And she was immediately certified. Her whole body turned into light particles and disappeared directly. Then she was sucked into the vortex formed in front of Jiutian Teahouse.

Wang Ling looked cold. He stood on the eaves with Jing Heqiu from beginning to end. Although he already understood what Jing Heqiu meant, it didn't matter even if he broke the door.

But after all, there are other people testing here. Based on years of quality education, Wang Ling still plans to wait and see.

After all, after I break through the door, the group behind me may never have the chance to participate in the test again.

"As expected of Sister Zhang. This archery skill is superb." Li Changzhe sighed sincerely. He still showed his true nature of being a dog-licker, with an exquisite style.

Wang Ling doesn’t hate Li Changzhe. He even thinks this person is a bit interesting.

He has already thought of a way to enter the teahouse door. After all, he can break the door. Wang Ling no longer needs to worry about many things. What he needs to think about now is how to complete the operation of breaking the door smoothly.

After all, Jing Heqiu is here to watch him. It would be a bit too arrogant for him to just go up and knock on the door.

This is not good.

So after thinking carefully, Wang Ling raised a hand.

Jing Heqiu couldn't help laughing when he saw this scene: "Classmate Wang, this trick of yours. If I didn't misjudge it, it should be {Basic Primer Technique}?"

Seeing this scene, Jing Heqiu couldn't help but hold his forehead. He is a professional. And he is also the dean of Jiutian Jingmi Academy. He will not laugh easily...unless he can't help it.

He could probably guess what Wang Ling was thinking. It was obvious that Wang Ling wanted to use this {{Basic Primer Technique} from the air to manipulate stones or other objects to break down the door, thereby achieving the purpose of entering the Jiutian Teahouse.

Jing Heqiu couldn't laugh or cry about this.

He even felt that Wang Ling was too naive. He wanted to use Wang Ling to project objects to achieve impact. How much power could this have?

Not to mention smashing the door. Even if you hit someone, it won't hurt too much!

Hey. I don’t know what Teng Lao likes about this guy...

Jing Heqiu felt very depressed.

He was lowering his head and sighing when he suddenly heard a loud bang like an explosion coming from the door of the teahouse...

Jing Heqiu didn't even realize what was happening in front of him. The land in front of the teahouse was already shrouded in smoke and dust after the explosion.

This...what happened?

Jing Heqiu was stunned. He was just distracted. As a result, the door of Jiutian Tea House exploded...

What's going on!

He was simply stunned.

Also stunned with him were the other school students in front of the teahouse.

Because they just saw an incredible scene.

Just a minute ago, in front of everyone, they saw Li Changzhe floating directly into the air. Then he crashed into the door of Jiutian Teahouse...

Use the head hammer to hit the door directly. And it is very powerful. This is in line with Li Changzhe's usual sand sculpture style.

"Damn it. Did Brother Li hit the door with his head? How strong is his head? Can he break it open?"

Some high school students made disbelieving noises.

"Maybe I ate too many crabs. They have more calcium, so the head is harder." Someone said: "But I didn't expect to hit the door with my head. And the power was too great... Sister Zhang and Senior Brother Qu earlier The remaining power of the two people's attacks seemed to be absorbed by the teahouse door. Why was it Brother Li's turn? Why did the door just collapse?"

Gong Xuan was also shocked. He paused and said, "Perhaps the previously absorbed power had not yet had time to be digested. As a result, Li Changzhe hit his head. The power overflowed?"

"Hiss. I think this statement is a bit far-fetched..." said Zhu Hanyun from Taitan High School.

"What did you think of?" Gao Tianming, who was subduing the demon, asked.

"No. I just felt a familiar breath when Brother Li banged his head on the door. But the breath has disappeared now."

"It seems this is not an illusion. I feel the same way." Gao Tianming nodded deeply.

Everyone was discussing in front of the fallen gate. There was a lot of discussion.

And what puzzled everyone was that the moment Li Changzhe's body floated into the air, the expression on his face was obviously horrifying.

He seemed unprepared. He didn't even have time to ask questions. The next second, he hit the teahouse door directly.

So now, when Jing Heqiu reacted again, he saw the big explosion in front of the teahouse.

The door of the teahouse used for testing was blown down.

And two people disappeared directly from the scene.

One is Li Changzhe who knocked on the door.

And the other one is Wang Ling who has been standing beside Jing Heqiu...





Chapter 1930 The spirit world behind the teahouse door


Jing Heqiu had no idea how Wang Ling succeeded in breaking through the level... He was puzzled by the explanation in his mind, and finally came to a conclusion. That is, Wang Ling's primer technique is very good. Maybe it’s not an object, but a person!

In other words, Wang Ling sent himself over with {{attractor}}. And he predicted that Li Changzhe was going to break through the door with a head hammer. At the moment when Li Changzhe broke through, he sucked himself into Li Changzhe. On your body!

That's absolutely true...

Jing Heqiu was surprised. He felt that there seemed to be no other reasonable explanation.

So the current situation is...Have you already entered?

Jing Heqiu looked at the time. It was now 23:50 in the evening. There was only less than 10 minutes left before the originally agreed time to complete the goal.

But the door is already broken.

This first batch of invited students was unable to complete the test. There will definitely be complaints.

He needs to find a way to coordinate first, and then arrange follow-up opportunities for supplementary testing.

At least let the remaining people divide the last 10 minutes equally. Complete the supplementary test.

Now Jing Heqiu cannot contact Mr. Teng in advance. However, the task of sending Wang Ling in has finally been successfully completed. Although Jing Heqiu currently does not know how Wang Ling got in.

But towards Wang Ling., he always had a contemptuous attitude.

...

Before breaking into the teahouse door, Wang Ling had already noticed with King's Eyes. The passage connected behind the teahouse door was not the teahouse itself. It was a different space.

It is similar in nature to a kind of joint core world. To put it bluntly, this different space is like a huge hive. Each part of this hive is provided by different people, and ultimately synthesizes a huge space body.

And Wang Ling can feel it. The essence of this United Core World.

This is a giant space synthesized using modern scientific and technological means. It is a world created through continuous research on the "inherent spiritual realm" combined with modern cultivation technology...

To put it simply, the world is like a giant puzzle. But it is difficult for one cultivation country to complete the puzzle. So Wang Ling determines that this world is the joint efforts of all cultivation countries. Born out of.

Each country provided fragments of the world, and then pieced together such a united world.

In a sense, this is also a manifestation of the value of a community with a shared future for mankind.

Wang Ling was slightly shocked. He actually did not expect that modern cultivation technology could actually achieve this level.

Of course. In terms of pure space hardness, the solidity of this artificially synthesized joint core world has not yet reached the standard of a normal core world. Perhaps it is due to the patchwork relationship that causes the structure to be unstable. But such a large The world is already shocking.

Wang Ling and Li Changzhe came in together. But after entering this different space, he felt that Li Changzhe was teleported away. All senses of time and space became blurred here.

When he came back to his senses, Wang Ling was already standing in a primitive jungle. Li Changzhe was gone. But he was not too far away from him. If Wang Ling wanted to, he could directly follow He held his breath and went to meet Li Changzhe.

At this time. Wang Ling looked up at the sky. This was a light screen of text.

The first line reads:

Welcome to the spirit world.

The second line is washed:

Return countdown 23:59:59...

"The spiritual world?"

Wang Ling raised his eyebrows.

This should be the name given to this place by the people who created this world. In fact, its essence is the "core world". But perhaps the highest level of cultivators on earth has not yet reached the stage where they can create a "core world". So it is not possible yet. Understand what the "things" you have created using scientific means are.

Wang Ling laughed in his heart. I felt a little ironic.

So now he, Li Changzhe, Qu Shuling and Zhang Linyan are the first to enter the spirit world. They are still facing this huge primitive jungle. Is it possible that they are required to open up wasteland here? Survive for a day?

Wang Ling feels that this should not be a problem. He has participated in survival games many times. Even without using "air luck", his natural luck will naturally give him all the advantages. Edges gather.

At this time, facing the vast primitive jungle Wang Ling in front of him, he seemed a little confused. After arriving in the spirit world, he found that there was an inexplicable circle of dust on his wrist. With a light touch, the dust fell off. Yeah. I don’t know what it means.

Closed his eyes. Wang Ling magnified his spiritual awareness. After capturing the positions of Qu Shuling, Zhang Linyan and Li Changzhe, Wang Ling decided to go to these three people first.

He was afraid that someone was watching him, so he didn't dare to use the teleportation technique. He walked over.

Then in front of a small river, Wang Ling saw the figures of Qu Shuling and Zhang Linyan from a long distance away. They found Li Changzhe. However, Li Changzhe was fainted and foaming at the mouth.

"Why did he faint?" Zhang Linyan frowned and motioned to Qu Shuling to carry Li Changzhe away.

Qu Shuling had a look of disgust on his face, but he didn't complain at all.

It was only then that Wang Ling was embarrassed to discover that there seemed to be an electronic bracelet on the wrists of these three people...

That should be something issued by the public. It is used to monitor movement data.

In other words, Wang Ling also had one on him... and it was put on the moment he passed through the gate of Jiutian Tea House.

But it's a pity. This electronic bracelet was too fragile. It failed to withstand the test of Wang Ling. It was scrapped before Wang Ling landed.

That's why Wang Ling saw a circle of ash on his wrist... That was the "corpse" left behind after the electronic bracelet was destroyed.

Wang Ling sighed. He didn't know whether he would have to pay for the damage to the public property. But now he finally knew why Zhang Linyan and Qu Shuling couldn't find him.

There are too many factors that interfere with spiritual consciousness in this huge primitive jungle. Although the two of them are already very strong among young people, they are still not able to go directly through spiritual consciousness as freely as Wang Ling. position.

On the other hand, this electronic bracelet is actually distributed by the public and is used to confirm positioning.

Now it is ruined by Wang Ling. This gives Wang Ling a little headache.

There is no way.

Wang Ling could only follow the example. He casually twisted off a piece of rattan and wrapped it around his wrist. Then he used the King's Eyes magic to create a one-to-one electronic bracelet.

Because Qu Shuling and Zhang Linyan never noticed him. Wang Ling himself was quite embarrassed.

He followed the two of them, and finally followed them to the camp where they were in the spirit world.

It was a very simple-looking wooden house. On the top of the wooden house was a flag of Huaxiu majestically planted. It was fluttering in the wind...





Chapter 1931 The secret of the spiritual world


This is the only building that Wang Ling can see with the naked eye. A very simple wooden house. But it gives people an infinite sense of security. Especially when you see the national flag of the Cultivation Country fluttering in the wind. Wang Ling will spontaneously feel a sense of pride and awe in their hearts.

Wang Ling feels faced with this flag. I am afraid that most of his peers have the same feeling as him.

In a daze, there was a hiss. An arrow shot through the air from the window of the wooden house.

Wang Ling's face was expressionless. The sword fingers came together to clamp the arrow firmly.

He deliberately released his aura to Qu Shuling and Zhang Linyan. As expected by Wang Ling. The vigilance of these two people was not too low. And soon Zhang Linyan shot the arrow as a test.

Behind the thick tree, Wang Ling walked out slowly with arrows in hand. On the other side of the wooden house, Qu Shuling and Zhang Linyan saw the same electronic bracelet on Wang Ling's wrist. The expressions on their faces were also sudden. I was stunned for a moment.

Judging from their reactions, the two of them probably knew that there were actually four people entering the spirit world this time. But obviously they did not expect that the fourth person who came turned out to be someone from Number 60 High School.

Obviously, when we were at Suzaku Gate before, there was no one from Number 60 High School. How did Wang Ling get in?

Zhang Linyan felt very strange. But in the current situation, Wang Ling was obviously a teammate. She had no choice but to invite Wang Ling in. She was the first to break the deadlock: "This classmate, come in."

During the whole process, Qu Shuling's face always maintained a thoughtful look. Although Zhang Linyan's arrow just now did not use all his strength, the speed of the arrow was also extremely fast. An arrow from the early stage of Golden Core's cultivation. I was caught by a Foundation Building guy...

This made Qu Shuling vaguely feel that something was wrong.

Wang Ling frowned. Ignoring Qu Shuling's weird look, he followed the steps given by Zhang Linyan and entered the wooden house.

The scene in the wooden house made Wang Ling look a little dazed.

Because there is actually an elevator inside this wooden house that can accommodate up to twenty people. And the elevator only has a downward button. This means that there is other space under the land they are stepping on.

In addition, on the wall next to the glass elevator, there is a 32-inch LCD screen. In addition to showing the countdown of their trip, it also says "Number 1 Underground Trial" Field-412" text.

"Don't look at it. Obviously our mission this time is to build an elevator leading to the so-called underground training ground Number 1 below." Zhang Linyan said: "The number 412 on the side should refer to the number of people. This training ground requires a minimum of 4 people. It can only be opened. The maximum number of people at one time is 12 people."

Wang Ling nodded secretly.

It feels like this layout is actually a bit like a game dungeon. There are exactly four of them here, just enough to start this level of dungeon missions.

This also explains why Qu Shuling and Zhang Linyan seemed as if there was a fourth person in the spiritual world.

After all, there is a minimum number of people. No matter how the superiors arrange it, they will definitely ensure that at least four people enter the spirit world this time.

"There shouldn't be anyone else coming in." Qu Shuling said coldly. Neither he nor Zhang Linyan actually knew that the door outside had been destroyed by Wang Ling. But the invitation letter had a clear deadline. 0:00 in the real world.

And now the countdown after they arrived in the spirit world has exceeded ten minutes. Judging from the time, the remaining people should not be able to get here.

Currently, only the four of them can enter.

But even so, it actually lacked Li Changzhe's fighting ability. Zhang Linyan judged from the swollen bulge on Li Changzhe's head that Li Changzhe probably hit it with his head.

I bumped into it. As a result, I also knocked myself unconscious...

A bit tigerish.

But it seems like Li Changzhe's usual style.

There was no other way. Wang Ling had to take the initiative to help Li Changzhe up and carry him on his back. It didn't take much effort for Wang Ling.

"You don't seem to talk much, but I didn't expect you to be very warm-hearted." Zhang Linyan's favorable impression of the proactive Wang Ling.

Wang Ling: "..."

In fact, it's not that Wang Ling is willing to carry Li Changzhe on his back. It's just that in this situation, he can't directly use healing spells to reduce Li Changzhe's swelling. Otherwise, he will look a little guilty.

On the other hand, he felt that Li Changzhe fainted mainly because of himself.

It's just a long journey. On the way, he will find opportunities to revive Li Changzhe.

Qu Shuling always crossed his arms, maintaining his usual aloof style of being arrogant. He didn't know who exactly Wang Ling was from Number 60 High School. But after all, Number 60 High School was ranked in the bottom thirty. Like this Ranking has never been an opponent in Qu Shuling's eyes.

"Come in, everyone."

He sighed, pressed the elevator button, and walked in first. Then he glanced at Wang Ling, who was carrying Li Changzhe on his back: "You are in your sixties, right. Don't hold back."

Wang Ling remained silent. He didn't pay any attention to Qu Shuling's words.

As a result, the whole atmosphere in the elevator dropped to freezing point. Zhang Linyan was caught in the middle. She felt that she was in a difficult position. It was extremely uncomfortable. She could only think of ways to find a topic: "This Li Changzhe. Do you think he is stupid..."

She hoped that Li Changzhe would wake up soon. After all, she and Wang Ling were not familiar with Qu Shuling. That meant that Li Changzhe and Qu Shuling still had something to say.

On the other hand, in a team environment, an atmosphere group member is still needed to adjust the atmosphere.

And Li Changzhe obviously belongs to this atmosphere group.

Wang Ling actually feels a little sorry for Zhang Linyan. It can be seen that she is trying very hard to find a topic. But Qu Shuling is aloof and cold. She doesn't like to talk. She feels like she is sandwiched between two pieces of frozen soil. The penguin in the elevator was so embarrassed that he could use his toes to dig out the entire spiritual world map in the elevator.

It was only a few dozen seconds of elevator ride. For the first time, Zhang Linyan felt that there was no more love in the world.

"Ding! You have arrived at Underground Proving Ground Number 1..."

As the elevator door slowly opened, the scene in front of them once again made Wang Ling and others feel horrified.

The elevator door is embedded in a huge tree. In front of the huge bonfire, a group of young foreign cultivators with various hair colors and eye colors are dancing various exotic dances around the bonfire.

They were wearing the uniforms of their respective schools. Some of them even had their uniforms dirty and tattered. But you could still tell which cultivation country they came from from the armbands they wore on their arms.

Qu Shuling looked at the scene in front of him in astonishment.

He remembered that he had heard about something called the "Spirit World Project" from Dai Tianchun, the principal of Shengke.

According to rumors, it is the Jingyuan of cultivators from various countries. An independent secret realm established to quickly cultivate the younger generation of cultivators...

Qu Shuling didn't expect this to be true.

Of course. There is one thing that Qu Shuling cannot understand.

That is the group of cultivators from other countries in front of us. It seems as if they have been in this world for a long time... What on earth is going on?

"I understand." At this time, Zhang Linyan frowned and said seriously: "The countdown outside is actually a countdown to clearing the level. We must clear the level within a limited time. Otherwise, we will stay here until the next group of people. Enter the spirit world trial field. And wait until you pass the level!"





Chapter 1932 High School Students Trapped in the Spirit World


When Zhang Linyan came to this conclusion, the high school students around him looked at her strangely. In fact, they were in admiration for Zhang Linyan's keen insight and analytical ability.

After all, according to previous experience, it took several groups of cultivators from different countries a long time to figure out the current situation. Of course, there is also a problem of language communication.

But Zhang Linyan was different. As soon as he landed, he used his archer's keen insight and observation ability to directly analyze half of the situation in front of him.

Not only that. In terms of communication, both Qu Shuling and Zhang Linyan can achieve barrier-free communication. They have the experience of competing abroad many times, and their language communication skills are already very mature.

And after arriving here, many of the trapped high school students were fans of Qu Shuling.

"My God. Qu Shuling. It's you! Now we are saved. Oh! My God!" A high school student as black as briquettes sighed in English with a heavy accent.

Qu Shuling actually had no impression of this person. But now that he was in front of so many people, he still paid great attention to his image.

And in order to obtain useful information, he immediately changed his tense face and started communicating with everyone in a very friendly and cordial manner.

Zhang Linyan felt sweat on her forehead. Dare Qingqu Shuling can talk... This fall out is faster than flipping through a book!

With this thought in her mind, she glanced at Wang Ling on the other side. She saw Wang Ling put Li Changzhe down and sat next to Li Changzhe alone. She still looked like she couldn't mention anything. Looking interested.

Zhang Linyan now understood it completely.

Qu Shuling is pretending to be mute.

Wang Ling. What a mute...

But I don’t know why. Zhang Linyan feels that she likes Wang Ling more.

A person like Qu Shuling wears countless masks on her face. Only a familiar person like Li Changzhe can communicate without any obstacles. She feels tired even if she talks to Qu Shuling even half a word.

Both of them are top high school students in Huaxiu. They asked for a lot of useful information in a short period of time.

Especially Qu Shuling. He got a lot of useful information from the coal ball high school student from the African cultivation country.

Wang Ling pretends to be careless. But in fact, he is secretly sorting out everyone's information.

He has the ability to "talk to other people's minds". He has a perfect grasp of the current situation without asking at all.

They were the tenth group to enter the Number 1 training ground in the spirit world. Before their arrival, the total number of students who had previously entered the training ground had exceeded 92. These 92 people came from nine different cultivation countries.

The current location they are in is a desert oasis. The current test for everyone is to leave this oasis and cross the desert to the distant city. The task is completed.

It sounds like a very simple task, but so far, none of the first nine groups have completed it.

From the time the first group of people entered to now, they have been trapped for sixteen days. They have survived until now by relying on the resources in the oasis. And as more and more people are trapped, the resources of this desert oasis will also Facing a depletion situation.

Wang Ling thought in his mind.

I feel like this task setting is quite meaningful.

Why arrange them directly in the only oasis in the desert?

This oasis is like a comfort zone. The test of the mission is to make the elite high school cultivators from all over the world work hard to leave this comfort zone and break out on their own.

But it is a pity that the people in front have failed.

"Hey. Before you guys came here, nine groups of us set off from different directions, trying to find the city outside the desert. As long as one group succeeds, the mission will be completed." At this time, Wang Ling heard someone talking to Zhang Linyan. Sighed.

"But you still failed." Zhang Linyan asked: "Have you summarized the reasons?"

"First, this desert has a certain amount of spiritual consciousness and spiritual interference ability. There is a high probability that perception spells will fail in the desert. Once they fail, they will cause misleading and interfere with judgment."

The foreign classmate replied in fluent English: "Second, during the entire march, each of us must keep a clear head. Once someone falls, they will be re-transported to this oasis and start from scratch."

"The third point is that we always feel that the consumption of spiritual energy here seems to be greater than before... Although we don't know the reason, every action we make seems to double the consumption of physical and spiritual energy."

Zhang Linyan felt confused when she heard this. She frowned. Then she carefully looked at the spiritual fruit on the banana leaf beside the campfire. This fruit was collected from the oasis by high school cultivators from various countries.

These are fruits that Zhang Linyan has never seen before.

Qu Shuling also noticed these fruits. He knelt down and took a bite. Then he spit out the pulp and threw the fruits together into the fire.

"These fruits are quite delicious. They are all non-toxic. What a waste of you." Brother Briquette said with a distressed look on his face.

"It's better not to eat these spiritual fruits."

Qu Shuling said: "Haven't you discovered that although these spiritual fruits can temporarily relieve your fatigue, will they accelerate the consumption of your spiritual and physical energy? The reason why you can't get out of the desert is probably related to these strange things. The spiritual fruit is also related."

The trapped cultivators from high school students from various countries heard Qu Shuling's ferocious analysis. Every one of them showed expressions of sudden realization.

"As expected of Qu Shuling! The number one genius among high school students in Shengke University!"

Someone expressed their feelings from the bottom of their hearts. Or in the language of different countries. Such fancy rainbow farts put Qu Shuling in a good mood.

"Leave it to me. I will definitely be able to get out."

At this time, Qu Shuling glanced at everyone. Without saying a word, he directly summoned the spirit sword and prepared to leave.

"Are you alone?" Zhang Linyan was shocked and asked hurriedly.

"I alone am enough."

Qu Shuling walked with a breeze. He looked at Zhang Linyan confidently.

It was only then that Zhang Linyan discovered the pride and arrogance that overflowed from Qu Shuling. This person not only looked down on Wang Ling, but also looked down on Li Changzhe. In fact, he didn't take her seriously at all.

Facing Qu Shuling, Zhang Linyan knew that she would not be able to persuade him on her own.

This is a rhythm that leaves no room for retreat at all...

Zhang Linyan was secretly surprised.

What if Qu Shuling fell down halfway and was teleported back? Wouldn't he die immediately?

However, it was obvious that Qu Shuling didn't think that such a problem would happen to him at all.

He was extremely confident. He directly stepped on the spiritual sword and walked with the sword. He ran in one direction and turned into a shooting star...

And then just three hours later...

Everyone saw that Qu Shuling turned into a meteor again and fell from the sky above the oasis. And he accurately landed in front of Wang Ling. He kowtowed to Wang Ling...

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 1933 Changes in Situation


Wang Ling had never thought that Qu Shuling would give him such a great gift.

Although the atmosphere at the scene had solidified when Qu Shuling plunged into the ground, the fact that Qu Shuling returned without success just illustrates the situation.

That is, the desert outside the oasis is too rough. It is definitely impossible to successfully break through.

No matter how much spiritual power you have, if you want to be a lone wolf who insists on going your own way, the final outcome will still end in failure.

After all, the minimum number of people to enter this map is four people. In other words, the upper leadership must have conducted professional experiments with dedicated personnel. The conclusion of 4 to 12 people was only reached through experimental data.

If there are not enough people, it will be difficult to pass the level. But if there are too many people, you may also face problems. For example, the resources in this oasis will be consumed at an accelerated rate.

As the representative team of the Huaxiu Country, when someone recognized Qu Shuling, they thought it was safe to pass the level. But now with Qu Shuling's failure, everyone is a little evil.

Zhang Linyan held her forehead. Even she felt a huge headache. Li Changzhe was unconscious and had not yet woken up. As a result, Qu Shuling paid the price for his recklessness and fainted... Now at this juncture, these two people must be unreliable.

At this time, she quietly looked at the young man in front of her, and found that he was also looking at her. He still had the standard dead fish eyes that showed no interest at all. He still had that imminent and calm attitude.

She felt like she was becoming more and more curious about Wang Ling. And she wanted to know how Wang Ling opened the door to the teahouse.

After waiting for a while, when everyone's mood dropped for a while, Wang Ling finally couldn't hold it any longer. Zhang Linyan saw that Wang Ling's eyes were always staring in one direction, and he also looked over.

She straightened Qu Shuling, who was already lying down. Finally, she found a very small scar on the back of Qu Shuling's neck. It was a sign of being beaten. And because Qu Shuling was wearing ancient clothes, her neck was It's covered. You can't even see it if you don't take off your clothes.

When she looked at Wang Ling again, the boy had already looked away.

Is this a coincidence?

Zhang Linyan was suspicious. She always felt that this was a deliberate reminder from Wang Ling.

However, this new discovery still caused everyone at the scene to start an uproar.

Zhang Linyan heard many foreign friends start to praise herself in English. They all admired her for her meticulous observation.

"It's amazing, Mr. Zhang! You can actually find such tiny scars!"

"As expected of Huaxiu, he is a famous high school student in China!"

Only Zhang Linyan's face was red. To be honest, she was embarrassed by the praise. But in fact, it was thanks to Wang Ling that this matter was discovered.

After the new discovery, the atmosphere at the scene became active again. Everyone began to check their own stamina. No one found that their stamina had the same scars as Qu Shuling's.

So Qu Shuling was re-transported back to the oasis this time. He was not thrown back because his spiritual power was exhausted. Instead, he was knocked unconscious by other people or spiritual beasts!

There were so many groups of them traveling in the desert. No one had ever seen any other living beings. Qu Shuling could actually meet him!

This just shows that maybe Qu Shuling is very close to the city far away in the desert. That's why there are creatures guarding the city around the desert!

Of course, the above are just guesses. But following this guess, at least one thing can be proved now.

The time limit to complete the task within 24 hours is not as strict as imagined.

After all, it only took Qu Shuling three hours to open up a situation that no one had encountered before. The key still lies in finding a way.

Zhang Linyan used Qu Shuling as the unit of measurement to estimate that under normal circumstances, without being disturbed by other factors, it should take 3-8 hours to reach the level with the life guards like Qu Shuling.

She wasn't sure what Wang Ling's spiritual power level was. But Qu Shuling could do it in only three hours. Zhang Linyan felt that he could do it in five or six hours. Others might take just as long. Longer.

"We need to make a new plan. And whether we can break through the level requires everyone's cooperation." Zhang Linyan took a deep breath and said.

She possesses the meticulous thinking of an archer and has the natural ability to identify directions. Even without the use of perception-type spells, Zhang Linyan can also identify her position through other means.

So the remaining problems Zhang Linyan has to face are two points.

The first is spiritual power supply. The second is how she should defend herself against creatures that would attack.

Compared to Qu Shuling's lone-wolf style of going his own way, Zhang Linyan is actually better at arranging the resources at hand.

At this time, Zhang Linyan subconsciously followed the gaze of Wang Ling and looked at a neat string of ants on the ground carrying food back to the ant nest. It was as if she suddenly realized something.

"By the way. Spiritual injection technique." Zhang Linyan said as she picked up a pebble.

This is a very basic spell. To put it simply, it is to transfer the spiritual power in one's body to other people, or to concentrate it on a certain object, so that the object is filled with spiritual power in a short period of time.

And the spiritual power injected in this way can actually be extracted. There are a lot of people in the oasis now. Everyone only needs to inject a little spiritual power into this pebble. That is a huge supply.

It's like making a spiritual power bank on site.

Of course, such a temporary power bank also has disadvantages. That is, the spiritual power will evaporate little by little over time.

Therefore, Zhang Linyan had to calculate the part of the spiritual power that would be emitted.

Just when Zhang Linyan was arranging his troops to prepare for his next plan to leave the oasis, a gust of wind suddenly blew by. The leaves on the trees swayed with the wind...

More than a thousand pinhole cameras hidden in the layers of leaves are focusing on Zhang Linyan from different angles.

Of course. There is still a very small part of it facing Wang Ling.

Wang Ling had been aware of this for a long time. Therefore, he never took action. Instead, he used hints to remind Zhang Linyan.

He originally thought that as long as he kept a low profile enough, these cameras wouldn't be staring at him.

But judging from this, the person who came in as the tenth group was obviously the focus of the moment. Whether it was him or Li Changzhe and Qu Shuling who were in a coma, they all had fixed shots. This made Rang Xu feel a little annoyed.

...

At the same time, the Jiutian Jingmi Academy command post is outside the camera.

In front of the monitor. Teng Luchen, the director of Jiutian Teahouse and the commander-in-chief of the Earth Center Project, was wiping his beard while looking at the screen on the monitor.

His face was very calm. There were almost no waves or ripples.

And right behind him, there was a man wearing a bamboo hat standing behind him with a murderous look.

The black gauze in front of the hat completely covered his face.

At this time, he had put the muzzle of a psychic revolver called Golden Wind on Teng Luchen's waist: "Old Teng, I hope you won't play any tricks. I want you to release the strongest map spirit beast. . Kill all these people... I will give you another hour. If no one among these high school students is dead, I will shoot someone in your Jingjing courtyard every ten minutes."





Chapter 1934 Teng Luchen’s suspicion


This group of criminals who suddenly broke into the Jiutian Jingmi Academy command post were quite capable. And they were obviously well prepared.

Fortunately, as an employee of the Jingmi Academy Command Post, although such emergencies are rare, there are usually rehearsals. Although everything currently seems to be controlled by the bad guys, it is actually still within the scope of control.

Everyone kept a cool head and remained silent during the explanation. All the staff in the Jingmi Hospital squatted on the ground with their heads in their hands, keeping their breath while waiting for Mr. Teng's next command.

The gangster is very powerful. However, it is impossible for Teng Lao to be in a state of strength without the ability to counterattack. This shrewd old man seemed to be waiting for something. He said nothing.

At the same time, it fully cooperates with the gangster's command operations and increases the difficulty of the Number 1 trial field through the spiritual operating system of the Jingmi Academy Command Center.

"It's already the highest difficulty level."

After the adjustment, Teng Luchen said: "You also know. These are the best students from all over the world. The spirit beasts in the Number 1 trial site have an upper limit of difficulty. Maybe they can't be killed. Unless there is a way to schedule higher levels. The spirit beast of the trial ground comes to trial ground Number 1."

"Then adjust!" the leader of the gangsters said from the bamboo hat. He pushed his gun against Teng Luchen's waist again: "I'm warning you, Teng Lao... don't play tricks!"

Teng Luchen said expressionlessly: "It's not that I don't cooperate. It's just that the original system settings are like this. I can't adjust them directly. I will only operate according to the existing system. I will dispatch the spirit beasts from the advanced trial field." New program code is needed. However, with such a code, even if everyone here is gathered together, it will not be completed in a short time. Unless... there is external help."

"Who are you looking for?"

"His surname is Wang. He is President Qi's favorite student."

Teng Luchen laughed: "Don't worry. He has no realm. He is not a cultivator. There is no need to worry that he will tell the truth. After all, he is an ordinary person with no cultivation. If you just rub him, he will die."

"..."

The man in the bamboo hat was silent for a while, as if thinking.

In the end, after a fierce ideological struggle, he finally agreed to Teng Luchen's request: "Then I will extend it to you for another half hour! One and a half hours. This is the deadline! Otherwise, all of you here will die! I will hand it over to you." The power of this golden wind. What kind of destructive power a close blow can cause. Mr. Fuji should be very clear."

This is a clear threat.

Of course Teng Luchen knew the power of the golden wind.

Perhaps given his level, he wouldn't be seriously injured by a bullet.

But once the bullet hit his body, the psychic energy generated by the backlash explosion was enough to level the entire command post and everything nearby within a thousand kilometers.

The spiritual operating system of Jiutian Jingmi Academy is a top secret.

As for the purpose of this gang of criminals, Teng Luchen actually had a clear mind.

In fact, no matter whether they can fulfill their requirements in the end, this bullet will be fired...

Their original purpose was to go after one of these high school students.

Maybe it's Qu Shuling, maybe it's Zhang Linyan, Li Changzhe, or maybe it's a cultivator from other cultivating countries.

The reason why they want to kill all the high school students who are entering now is just a way to hide from others. In fact, it is to cover up their real killing target.

Anyway, when it is done, these high school students will all die. Even if the news breaks out in the end, public opinion will not pay attention to the specific action against a certain high school student. It will only define it as an outrageous large-scale terrorist act.

So Teng Luchen knew it well.

He made quite a few guesses about the actions of these gangsters in his mind.

However, he did not directly stop this group of people. On the contrary, he even followed the wishes of this group of people and began to increase the difficulty of the map in the Number 1 Proving Ground.

No one noticed.

At this time, among the more than a thousand monitors connected to the oasis, the few monitors staring at Wang Ling were the ones that Teng Luchen paid special attention to...

...

The countdown was less than 20 hours away from clearing the Number 1 trial ground. Wang Ling sat with him under the tree for more than half an hour. Qu Shuling was lying on the left, and Li Changzhe was lying on the right... This The nation's number one college genius and the nation's second genius. One on the left and the other on the right, like goalkeepers, fell next to him. Wang Ling felt extremely complicated for a moment.

In the past half hour, in addition to giving Zhang Linyan secret guidance, he also counted the leaves in the oasis one by one.

In fact, Wang Ling had already noticed it when he first entered the oasis. He knew that these leaves were equipped with micro pinhole monitoring equipment.

It's just that he kept pretending that nothing happened. It made people feel as if he didn't notice it at all.

While sitting on the ground, Wang Ling had been using his peripheral vision to look for the cameras monitoring him. Although there were not many of them, Wang Ling was convinced that the people in front of these cameras had actually been paying attention to his movements.

In other words, Wang Ling's sixth sense told him that he might have been targeted. And the person targeting him should be of a high level.

He sighed endlessly in his heart. He only blamed himself for being so worthless. He actually left the house just because of a few packets of crispy noodles... Why couldn't he control his paws?

But there is no way now. He has come here. He can only pretend to cooperate and complete the task. Anyway, there are a lot of people here. There are always available characters who can be used to temporarily take the blame.

Without Zhuo Yi, he can only develop new people.

Then he discovered that Li Changzhe and Zhang Linyan were actually very good.

One is more naive. Although the other is smarter than Li Changzhe, he is a very sensible person.

He hinted several times. Zhang Linyan actually received some signals. However, Wang Ling's looks were too natural. She had no direct evidence to prove that Wang Ling was hinting to her.

Just like the protagonist in many famous suspense works, there are always a few supporting characters around him who inadvertently hint at the modus operandi.

So considering Wang Ling's original plan, he would use Li Changzhe and Zhang Linyan to cover himself.

But the problem is. Li Changzhe still hasn’t woken up...

The bump on his head has obviously gone away. This was when he was carrying Li Changzhe and he was cured when no one was paying attention. Logically speaking, Li Changzhe should have woken up long ago.

But there is a saying. You can never wake up someone who is pretending to be asleep...

Li Changzhe is still awake now. Wang Ling thinks there may be only one reason.

That means he doesn't want to wake up.

...

In fact. Li Changzhe woke up when he was lying on Wang Ling's back.

But when he thought that he had knocked headlong into the teahouse door and passed out, the dignity on his face suddenly disappeared.

The most important thing is that he has always been hostile to Wang Ling. As a result, Wang Ling came in on his back during the time he passed out...

This kind of elegant and noble sentiment made Li Changzhe feel guilty for a while.

He thought it would be better for him to lie down... It would be so embarrassing if he woke up!





Chapter 1935 Wang Ming’s assist


Help Wang Ling cover. In fact, it was Wang Ming's task from the beginning. As for Wang Ling being targeted.

As an older brother, Wang Ming naturally had a certain degree of vigilance. So from the moment Teng Luchen found him, Wang Ming became suspicious almost immediately.

Although this old Teng concealed himself very well and left a few for Wang Ling among the thousands of surveillance cameras. But I don’t know if it was because of his intuition of control...Wang Ming was still clearly aware of Tenglu. The special purpose of dust.

On one side, he wrote the system according to Teng Luchen's instructions. On the other side, he differentiated another brain wave to communicate with Zhai Yin beside him.

The young couple have been getting along for a while. They work together very well. They immediately started contacting people to prepare for assistance.

At the same time, as one of the good sisters of Sun Rong, Zhai Yin did not forget to send this news to Sun Rong and also synchronized it.

"Classmate Wang Ling was suspected. And the senior's background was extraordinary." After receiving the message, Sun Rong stared at the phone screen, frowning in discomfort.

"Ah. What should I do? Haven't they been fine for so many years? The secret has never been exposed?" Sun Ying'er asked in surprise.

"How can I keep my shoes from getting wet when I often walk by the river? Maybe it's because my classmate Wang Ling has participated in too many competitions these days..." Sun Rong guessed.

Despite these big and small competitions, Wang Ling has tried its best to curb its edge. And basically, the memory has been cleared where the memory should be cleared.

However, the official game record will not disappear. Even if Wang Ling's contribution to the team is small, his name is still in the official list of the academic administration system.

Sun Rong felt that maybe it was the official record that left Wang Ling with seeds of doubt in Teng Luchen.

But it's useless to say all this now. As the saying goes, when soldiers come, they will be blocked. When water comes, soil will cover up. It was at this time that she decided to run Gray Cult.

And very fortunately, Sun Rong happened to see a familiar name among the ten teams that had entered the spirit world...

...

On the other side. In the oasis of the Number 1 trial site in the spirit world. Wang Ling can actually feel that Li Changzhe has been pretending to be dead. This makes his plan to put the blame on Li Changzhe unable to be implemented.

Zhang Linyan accepted the hint very smoothly. Now she has organized a team to make spiritual power banks out of pebbles.

So Wang Ling now. I have to find a way to get Li Changzhe to stand up.

Zhang Linyan was still busy. At this time, Wang Ling suddenly saw a female high school student with short ear-length hair, an oval face, and unusually fair skin walking towards him.

Wang Ling always felt that this person looked familiar. But for a while, he couldn't place his name.

"Don't you recognize me? Classmate Wang Ling?" Wang Ling was surprised. Unexpectedly, this girl was actually communicating with me in fluent Mandarin.

Seeing the confused expression on Wang Ling's face, the girl didn't mince words. She directly introduced herself: "I am Rokume Akahoko. I am the one from Jiudaohe High School. My nickname is Ma Jiao."

"..."

Wang Ling was shocked.

If Rokume Akahoko hadn't announced her family name, Wang Ling would not have recognized that it was her.

This change is too big. But we haven’t seen each other for only a few months, right?

The pockmark on Ma Jiao's face is gone. Her figure is much slimmer than before. And most importantly, she has taken off her glasses.

Wang Ling really couldn't help it. His impression of Ma Jiao actually still stayed at the stage when he was in high school in Jiudaohe... In his memory, she was a computer expert. She also admired Wang Ming's identity as Old V.

Looking at Wang Ling with a puzzled look on his face, Ma Jiao briefly explained: "Don't get me wrong. I'm still a student of Jiudaohe. But this time, I'm playing on Jiudaohe's behalf."

"Foreign aid?"Wang Ling suddenly spoke. As always, he cherished his words like gold.

The main reason was that he felt that the girl had said so many things to him in a series, and he seemed to be indifferent to them. It seemed a bit impolite.

"It can be understood that way. On the other hand, it is also to collect some intelligence. My school uniform is from Baqi High School. It is currently the second-ranked high school on Sun Island." Ma Jiao replied in a low voice.

Then she glanced at Li Changzhe, who was still lying next to him, pretending to be dead. She made a V sign to Wang Ling. Then she started to make lip movements to Wang Ling.

[Old V and the leader asked me to help you]

Through Ma Jiao's mouth shape, Wang Ling easily read these words.

Then he saw Ma Jiao take out a stack of golden needles from his pocket and started to perform: "Hey. Classmate Wang Ling. You said that Li Changzhe is not awake yet. Is there congestion in the brain? I just learned Let’s try some acupuncture. Do you want to give him a couple of injections?"

Hearing this, Li Changzhe's eyelids twitched visibly.

But he still has no intention of waking up... After all, it is more embarrassing than losing face. It doesn't matter if he gets a few acupuncture needles. As long as he secretly uses his spiritual power to seal his acupuncture points and press the needles of the golden needles, he will not feel too painful. .

But Li Changzhe would never have thought that Ma Jiao was a ruthless person.

She first pretended to be professional and checked Li Changzhe's pulse. Then she suddenly let out a surprised scream: "Oh my god... he was injured too badly! Sure enough, there was blood congestion in his brain! Not only was there blood congestion in his brain. And this congestion will spread! I'm afraid it will spread to the lower body in a few hours..."

After saying that, Ma Jiao retracted the golden needle on the side and sighed: "In this situation, it is useless to use the golden needle. In order to release this congestion, the only way is... to use a knife." "

Quack doctor!

He is definitely a quack!

After listening to this, Li Changzhe was heartbroken.

he

Even Wang Ling doesn't know why Ma Jiao has so many props on her body. She is obviously a hacker. But it turns out that she has a lot of props on her body.

He watched eagerly as Ma Jiao took out a kitchen knife from his body. Then Wang Ling was surprised to find that the kitchen knife was actually smart! A keyboard actually appeared on the surface of the kitchen knife!

After typing the above, Ma Jiao wiped her sweat and said, "Don't worry. Classmate Wang Ling. I'm not a professional. But the program won't lie. And it will be very accurate! It's just a matter of cutting off a small number of people." Two inches of stuff. No problem at all!"

Wang Ling, Li Changzhe: "..."

"I have already programmed this smart kitchen knife. It will start by itself in three minutes. When it is finished cutting, the blood will be blocked directly. You don't have to worry about Mr. Li bleeding profusely. You just need to release the congestion."

At this time, Ma Jiao covered her mouth and pretended to be in pain: "There is no way. I hope Mr. Li won't blame me when he wakes up. After all, this is all to save his life..."

I have to say, Ma Jiao's acting is really real. Even Wang Ling believed it after watching it.

However, at this time, Li Changzhe still had no intention of waking up.

Wang Ling knew that Li Changzhe was very likely to know it. Ma Jiao was irritating him. He bet that Ma Jiao's smart kitchen knife would not really work.

But what neither Wang Ling nor Li Changzhe expected was.

Just three minutes later, the kitchen knife actually flew...





Chapter 1936 You may be surrounded by friendly forces


The moment the kitchen knife flew up, Wang Ling's face was filled with surprise.

This smart black iron kitchen knife flew up in front of their faces. The blade passed across, and there was a crisp sound next to their ears.

Lying down, Li Changzhe could even feel the subtle sound of the knife passing through her hair, cutting off his hair.

At that moment, Li Changzhe felt that all the hairs on his body stood up.

He never expected that what Ma Jiao said turned out to be true. This kitchen knife could actually fly.

At this time, Li Changzhe could no longer calm down.

Wang Ling feels that at this moment, it is more appropriate to use a popular phrase on the Internet to describe Li Changzhe's performance.

He was completely overwhelmed...

I believe that any boy who faces the same situation as Li Changzhe will feel the same horror in his heart.

He quickly got up from the ground. There was a look of fright on his face. His face turned purple with fright. It was like a fish that had been stranded on the beach for a long time.

Even his breathing became extremely rapid.

Boom!

The knife finally landed one centimeter in front of Li Changzhe's crotch.

Ma Jiao means it. If he doesn't wake up in time and get out of the way.

This knife will really turn Li Changzhe into an old man.

"Are all the girls nowadays so cruel..." Li Changzhe was still frightened while pretending to be asleep and coming back to life. The sweat on his cheeks kept falling. He was thinking, "Fuck you."

"Classmate Li, you woke up! I thought you would never wake up again." Ma Jiao said in surprise while shedding tears excitedly, as if she was really concerned about Li Changzhe's injury.

Such acting skills made Wang Ling next to him call him an expert. Ma Jiao is so ruthless.

Although the appearance has changed greatly, after what happened just now, Wang Ling is convinced that this is Ma Jiao himself.

He is still as sinister and weird as ever. It makes people feel confused.

"Hahaha... I just felt like I had just had a nightmare. Then I suddenly woke up. But what happened to the kitchen knife? I'm not sure." Li Changzhe laughed and touched the back of his head. The expression on his face was infinitely embarrassing.

This is pretending to be stupid. If you don’t pretend to be stupid.

It's so social...

"It's okay, Classmate Li. The kitchen knife was just an accident. I saw you haven't woken up yet, so I just wanted to make something for you to eat." Ma Jiao finished saying that and looked at Wang Ling with a smile on his face: "Yes. Right. Classmate Wang Ling?"

"..." Li Changzhe was shocked again.

This woman is simply telling lies without drafting.

What a stew!

But there was no way. He could only pretend not to know these things. Otherwise, he would have to admit that he was pretending to sleep just now.

Fortunately, Ma Jiao didn't get to the bottom of it. Her original mission was to wake Li Changzhe up. But now the mission has been successfully completed.

Li Changzhe was actually not stupid. When he saw Ma Jiao, he didn't continue to inquire. He immediately understood that this was actually Ma Jiao's deliberate attempt to give himself a step down.

After all, those who can come here are the elites of high school students in the world. Pretending to be dead is not easy to fool in front of these elites. Moreover, Li Changzhe would never have thought that Wang Ling would have such a relationship with foreign students. good.

He was very hostile to Number 60 High School at first. He also looked down upon Wang Ling very much. He felt that Wang Ling was just a legendary mascot. He was not worthy of competing with elite high school students like them. .

But now judging from various performances, Wang Ling is actually not as bad as he imagined.

There is a saying that only a substitute can attract a substitute.

In other words. Only good people can attract good people...

So since Wang Ling can be recognized by elite foreign high school students, there must be something special about him.

Although Li Changzhe still doesn't know how Wang Ling entered the teahouse door. He also doesn't know what is special about Wang Ling. From what he can see so far, he can only say that Wang Ling is a serious person. The good guy...

I carried him all the way to the oasis from outside. After putting him under the tree, I kept taking care of myself next to him.

Every time Li Changzhe thinks about this, he always feels a little ashamed.

It’s because I judge a gentleman’s belly with a villain’s heart...

"Introduce yourself. My name is Rokume Akahoko." At this time, with Ma Jiao's intervention, communication became more convenient. Ma Jiao took the initiative to announce his home address and shake hands with Li Changzhe.

Because the current situation on the field is far more severe than imagined. It's not just about breaking through. They also have to find ways to face threats from the outside.

And this threat is currently only known to Ma Jiao and Wang Ling.

Wang Ling is what I saw.

He used the peripheral vision of King's Eyes to penetrate into those monitors. He verified his previous conjecture and learned that the Jingmi Institute command post was being hijacked.

As for Ma Jiao, it was a message sent to her by Wang Ming in code. It was the language between hackers. Only Ma Jiao could understand it.

In other words, they are now being monitored by a group of criminals.

Of course. Wang Ling doesn’t completely understand the ins and outs.

With the strength of that old vine, it's impossible that he can't clean up those scraps...

So Wang Ling understood it almost instantly.

This means coming at yourself.

This old man is testing himself.

"Brother, you finally woke up!" Seeing Li Changzhe wake up, Zhang Linyan also hurried over. She was holding a few freshly made spiritual pebbles in her hand.

The problem of battery life has been temporarily solved. With the existence of spiritual power pebbles, they no longer need to replenish their spiritual power through the cheating spiritual fruits in the oasis.

She and Li Changzhe had only exchanged a few words. Suddenly, there was a slight vibration in the ground of the oasis. It was not a big movement. But people with strong senses in the oasis all felt many powerful auras at the same time. They are closing in from all directions. They are encircling the oasis.

"What's going on?" someone wondered.

"Look!"

At this time, Ma Jiao suddenly pointed at Qu Shuling and shouted.

Just behind Qu Shuling's injured neck, the bruised area was actually emitting a gleaming light at this moment.

Spiritual power engraving?

At the same time, everyone here understood.

The spirit beast that knocked down Qu Shuling also added its own spiritual energy imprinted on it at the moment it hit Qu Shuling! It accurately positioned the location where Qu Shuling was knocked down!

And now those spiritual beasts are rioting. They are all following the tracks engraved by their spiritual power and are heading towards the oasis to outflank them!

"What's going on? Why is it different from the inference we agreed on before?" Zhang Linyan was a little confused. She always felt that the current test content seemed to have fundamentally changed.

But I can't figure out where the problem lies.

Wang Ling lowered her head in thought and was thinking of a way out. But then she suddenly heard Ma Jiao stand up and yell: "The soldiers are coming to stop us. The water is coming to cover us. We have to find a way to fight! Where are the Gray Cult believers!"

"We are here!"

"We are here!"

"We are here!"

It only took a moment. High school cultivators from various countries responded in unison in their own languages.

Wang Ling was completely shocked now.

It turns out that except for the tenth group of people from the Huaxiu Kingdom who just entered the spiritual world.

There are so many high school students left. All of them are Gray Cult members!

And Ma Jiao, the deputy director of the Jiudaohe Gray Cult branch, has suddenly become the temporary boss here...





Chapter 1937 Office of Strategic Deception Level 1 Alert


Wang Ling was already suspected by Teng Luchen. Wang Ming and Zhai Yin shared it almost immediately.

In fact, Wang Ming had already previewed this matter with Zhai Yin to prepare for the development of this matter.

Currently, the only people who know the true strength of Wang Ling are those who are related by blood. The remaining people are Zhai Yin, Sun Rong, Zhuo Yi, Jiugong Liangzi, Zhou Ziyi, Gu Shunzhi, Qin Zhong and Xiang Yi.

Most of the remaining core members of the Office of Strategic Deception, such as Lord Diu Lei, Zhenyuan Immortal, etc. are actually still half-brained cognitions.

In their instinctive knowledge, they did not think that Wang Ling was just a sixteen-year-old boy.

But a thousand-year-old monster who is experiencing the daily life of a high school student...

But fortunately, as one of the few close friends in Wang Ling's cultivation world, Lord Diu Lei will still cooperate with Zhuo Yi very tacitly even if he is in such a half-brained state. Cover for Wang Ling.

His emotional intelligence is very high, and his temper is very suitable for Wang Ling. This is one of the main reasons why Wang Ling initially supported the Office of Strategic Deception.

However, Teng Luchen has doubts about Wang Ling. It is obviously inappropriate to be the first to inform such half-brained core members of the Office of Strategic Deception.

Extraordinary times call for extraordinary people.

Now. Inside, Sun Rong uses the power of Gray Cult to cover Wang Ling.

Externally, a two-pronged approach may be needed at the same time.

In this case, Zhuo Yi needs to coordinate the work.

"Master. What's wrong? You look solemn?"

Office of Strategic Deception training ground. Zhuo Yi is here to guide Zhou Ziyi in spiritual sword practice. After receiving the news from Zhai Yin, Zhou Ziyi saw Zhuo Yi frowning and asked quickly.

"Something went wrong. Your master may have been suspected by a senior." Zhuo Yi did not hide it and said directly to Zhou Ziyi.

Under his training these days, Zhou Ziyi's newly grown legs and body coordination have made great progress. They are no different from normal people. He has passed the test in walking, running and jumping.

"Actually, I think it's a miracle that Master has only been suspected until now..."

Zhou Ziyi looked at Zhuo Yi dumbfounded and said, "Who is doubting Master?"

"A senior named Teng. Everyone calls him Teng Lao."

"Is it called Teng Luchen?"

"You know him?"

"The owner of Jiutian Tea House. And he also knows me. In fact, Mr. Teng is a good person. He is very concerned about the development of young people in the world of cultivation today. When I broke my leg, he even came to our house to see me with tea leaves." Zhou Zi Yi said.

"But you also know your master's situation. It's true that he is very strong. But not everyone likes to be shrouded in light."

Zhuo Yi sighed: "Live a quiet life. This is also a kind of practice... Such a spirit. I am afraid that you and I will not be able to understand it for a while."

"Indeed."

Zhou Ziyi nodded.

He knew that he would never be able to reach such heights as Wang Ling in his lifetime.

However, Zhou Ziyi also has his own way of cultivation. And he found that his way of cultivation is very similar to Zhuo Yi.

That is the great chivalrous person who serves the country and the people.

This is also the reason why he admired Zhuo Yi infinitely and became his disciple.

Zhou Ziyi imagined that if he also had great strength, maybe he would take the completely opposite route from his master Wang Ling.

For example, take the common people as your own responsibility and become a benchmark for cultivators in the world.

As a benchmark, it is impossible to follow the path of low-key hermitage... By then all the wealth, fame and fortune will follow.

If you want to wear a crown, you must bear its weight.

How can we not forget our original intention and maintain our true nature under these infinite auras? Zhou Ziyi feels that this is the path he needs to explore in the future.

Although they follow different paths of cultivation, Zhou Ziyi does not feel that there is an antagonistic relationship between him, Zhuo Yi and Wang Ling.

The nature of the world is that light and shadow follow each other.

Some people want to be the shadow. Some people want to be the light.

Where there is light, there is shadow. No one can leave the other.

"Teng Lao is very powerful. It's not easy to fool him. Of course, I don't have much contact with Teng Lao. It's just an intuition. Master must handle this matter carefully..."

After thinking for a long time, Zhou Ziyi said: "I can handle the training alone. Master is in trouble now. You'd better solve Master's problem first."

"On the internal side, your wife is already helping secretly. But the external side still needs to be solved."

Zhuo Yi said: "The command center of Jiutian Jingyuan was hijacked by a group of criminals. Teng Lao was being held hostage by the criminals to control the system. The trial field deviated from the originally set script. More powerful spiritual beasts were scheduled to attack that A group of high school students participating in the trial."

"hijack?"

Zhou Ziyi asked curiously: "No way...Teng Lao should be very strong. Can they beat Teng Lao?"

Soon, his eyes lit up. Without waiting for Zhuo Yi's reply, he said, "Oh! I understand! Mr. Teng did this on purpose... He wanted to see how Master would react! That's why he arranged this!" "

I can only say that Zhou Ziyi is worthy of being Zhou Ziyi. He is indeed extremely smart. He can tell with just one point.

Zhuo Yi is very satisfied with this analysis: "You continue. If I want to solve it externally now. If it were you, what would you do?"

"Since Mr. Teng deliberately refrained from taking action because he wanted to test our master, then we should force Mr. Teng to take action. And not only must we force Mr. Teng to take action, we must also send people to rescue him."

Zhou Ziyi smiled and said: "Teng Lao's identity is not simple. There is a reasonable reason for us to send people to rescue Teng Lao. And Teng Lao is in Songhai City, right? Doesn't he also happen to exercise power in the Office of Strategic Deception? Within the scope? I remember that Huaxiu Alliance originally signed a long-term security outsourcing agreement with the Office of Strategic Deception..."

"Hahaha. You are so smart, Ziyi. You almost think the same thing as me."

Listen, listen. Zhuo Yi couldn't help laughing: "The training will continue later. I will send a message to Zhenjun now. Let him take action immediately. And he must be on the highest level of alert. To show that The Office of Strategic Deception takes this matter seriously."

...

About ten minutes later. The Office of Strategic Deception sect headquarters is located in Songhai City.

In the Zhengyang Square in front of the True Venerated Immortal Hall. Accompanied by the Hongmeng horns placed on hundreds of peaks by the entire sect, they sounded like the roar of ancient mythical beasts.

In a short period of time, each peak sent a total of 6,000 Golden Core and above Office of Strategic Deception disciples to gather in the square.

Two hundred elders of various peaks with Nascent Soul stage and above formed a team in the sky with magic weapons on their feet.

This is the first wave of rapid response troops after the Office of Strategic Deception entered the first level of alert. The Office of Strategic Deception has been practiced several times before. However, no one expected that it would be put to use so quickly.

"It's the voice of Hongmeng...The elder wants us to return to the clan quickly! Captain. What should we do now?"

At this time, the sect disciples who were performing sect missions in Songhai City also raised their heads the moment they heard the Hongmeng.

"Listen to my orders. Unless you have tasks such as surveillance that you can't let go of! Others who can return to the clan! Follow me and return to the clan immediately! There is a tough battle to be fought!"





Chapter 1938 I am sworn in with sin!


In the early morning of Wednesday, January 15th. As a famous city that never sleeps around the world, the brightly lit city streets of Songhai City were accompanied by the deep horn sound of the Hongmeng. It added a bit of hustle and bustle to the brilliant night.

This is the first time since the Foundation organized a sneak attack on the Office of Strategic Deception that the disciples of the Office of Strategic Deception have implemented a large-scale combat plan under the guidance of the official headquarters.

The disciples of the Office of Strategic Deception were wearing uniforms of light blue Office of Strategic Deception uniforms. Except for those who had necessary tasks, everyone took out the spirit sword in unison the moment they heard the order. They stepped on the spirit sword and navigated the city. Walking with the sword. Begin to return to the sect.

Their movements are uniform. They have undergone the most rigorous training under the unified teachings of the Office of Strategic Deception.

Although the Office of Strategic Deception has not been around for a long time, all the disciples of the Office of Strategic Deception always have a sense of collective sect honor. This is something that many other modern sects cannot achieve.

"Ugh..."

The Hongmeng Horn sounded a total of twelve times. When the twelve Hongmeng Horn sounds landed, the disciples of the Office of Strategic Deception in Zhengyang Square had been neatly arranged into dozens of square formations.

They gathered from their respective peaks. Some came back from the city. They all gathered the moment they heard the Hongmeng. Everyone carried a spiritual sword on their back and a medicine gourd tied around their waist. They were prepared to be serious.

"The first batch of rapid response troops has been assembled! Please give instructions from the great elder!" A chief peak elder turned to Fang Xing and asked for instructions.

The moment Fang Xing appeared, many of the disciples in the Office of Strategic Deception felt a little dazzled. It was because he had an extremely young face. His beautiful appearance made many people's hearts flutter.

It is something that Fang Xing must do to appear in the sect in a feminine state. This is because it can conceal his identity as a student in his male form. The disciples of the sect are full of eyes and ears. If he faces the disciples of the sect in his male form, maybe it will happen. Cause unnecessary trouble.

Many disciples from various peaks below have hardly seen the identities of the sect's founding elders during their daily training. Fang Xing is one of them. He has to study at Number 60 High School on weekdays, so there is even less opportunity to see him. .

This time, she appeared in a feminine form, wearing a snow-white dress. Her graceful figure shocked everyone here.

Some disciples were discussing quietly below.

"What is the name of this great elder? Why have I never seen him before?"

"Don't look up for too long! It's so rude! This is the legendary Elder Fang Xing."

"It turns out it's her...the Grand Elder Jianzong who doesn't have an avatar on the public list on the Office of Strategic Deception website!"

"Yes! She has been here since the founding of the sect. The status of the great elder of the founding sect is not comparable to that of other elders of other peaks. Even the seniors who were later promoted to the position of great elders must respect the great elders of the founding sect."

At this point in the conversation, the surrounding disciples all lowered their heads after hearing this. Everyone had respect and excitement on their faces.

This is the great elder during the founding of the sect!

What a distinguished position!

Rumor has it that everyone is chatting and laughing with Sect Master Diu Lei on weekdays!

At this time, Grand Elder Jianzong personally came forward to direct the battle. This sense of honor made everyone feel relieved.

In fact, even Fang Xing did not expect that his appearance this time would cause such a huge response and sensation.

This just proves that the management system within the Office of Strategic Deception is strict on weekdays. The management hierarchy is very clear. The disciples at the bottom can't see the elders at the top, but they can see them at this juncture of collective fighting. It is indeed very easy to move people. .

"This time, I will carry out simple pre-war mobilization."

After waiting for a while, until the whole place fell silent, Fang Xing finally spoke.

In her feminine form, her voice was cold, beautiful, yet majestic: "I believe some people have heard of it. Our target this time is the Jiutian Jingmi Institute in Songhai City."

"Everyone knows that Jiutian Jingmi Academy is an official organization that specializes in recruiting outstanding young cultivators from all over the country."

"It is said that if young people are strong, the country will be strong. And the duty of the Jingmi Academy is to recruit young cultivation geniuses and train them. And so that these young people can be integrated into the system in the future, win glory for the country, and become the mainstay of our Huaxiu country!"

"It can be said that the existence of Jiutian Jingmi Academy is a pillar for young people to rise!"

"And now, according to reliable information, right under the nose of our Office of Strategic Deception, a group of criminals have invaded the Jiutian Jingmi courtyard! They are quite powerful and have a large number of people! I just want to ask you guys from the Office of Strategic Deception. What to do!"

All the disciples in the square looked at each other for a while. Then whoever opened his mouth first shouted loudly: "Of course! I am sworn in with sin!"

As soon as he finished speaking, all the disciples around him clenched their fists and became excited, shouting in unison.

"I am sworn in with sin!"

"I am sworn in with sin!"

...

Fang Xing nodded with satisfaction. Then he waved his hand: "Listen to my order. Let's go!"

...

At the same time, in the Jiutian Jingmi courtyard, Teng Luchen still didn't know what was about to happen. He stared at the screen with interest. He quietly looked at the face of Wang Ling. He wanted to see the spirit beast. In the case of encirclement. How will Wang Ling behave?

The sudden attack by this gang of gangsters actually helped him a lot. It gave him the opportunity to test the true strength of Wang Ling.

Now that he is about to succeed, Teng Luchen is filled with excitement.

There should be no other people to disturb us. After all, this matter has not disturbed the police yet. No one knows that Jiutian Jingmi Courtyard is currently being hijacked.

As long as he confirms the strength of Wang Ling, he will immediately counterattack and suppress all these gangsters.

"Little guy. He's hidden deep enough..."

He believed that his vision would not be wrong.

Wang Ling. It must be the genius he has been looking for...

At this time, the oasis was surrounded by a large number of high-level spiritual beasts. The sound was turned off at the request of this gang of gangsters. Teng Luchen could not hear the command situation inside the oasis for the time being.

But he also noticed that at the call of that classmate Rokume Akahoko, almost all the elite high school students were mobilized.

This is also a rare piece of information.

It seems that this Rokume Akahoko has been hiding before. He does not have the appeal like now...

The change in appeal between before and now is also a change that occurred after the arrival of Wang Ling.

Teng Luchen felt that this further confirmed his idea.

Because he also observed at the same time. This classmate Rokume Akahoko had a brief exchange with Wang Ling.

In other words. Perhaps the real organizer behind the scenes is none other than Wang Ling.

Rokume Akahoko might be delivering the order on his behalf!

"Come on...classmate Wang Ling..."

Teng Luchen's face was calm. He said this in his heart. Thoughts were flying in his mind. He kept trying to figure out everything about Wang Ling.

While he was staring at the screen intently.

Suddenly, the alarm sounded in Jiutian Jingmi Hospital!

This group of criminals did not trigger any alarms when they invaded before. But at this important moment, they sounded like a symphony!

At this time, Jiutian Jingmi Academy has been surrounded by all disciples of the Office of Strategic Deception!

The entire building has been blocked by disciples of the Office of Strategic Deception!

No one can escape from the building!

"What's going on?"

The gangster leader who used the golden wind to push against Teng Luchen was also startled.

He hasn't figured out what's going on yet.

Behind, there was a sudden "boom" from the door of the command room!

Then dozens of Office of Strategic Deception disciples poured in directly!

And the person leading the charge was none other than Fang Xing in his feminine state!

One by one, they were holding their spiritual swords as if they were beaten to death, and they were shouting excitedly.

"Control the gangsters! Save Mr. Teng!"

"Kill! I am inseparable from evil!"

...

Teng Luchen: "???"





Chapter 1939 Suspicious Trajectory


A large number of disciples from the Office of Strategic Deception poured into the command post. This was something Teng Luchen never expected.

Not only that, the power supply to the command post was also cut off. At the moment when disciples from the Office of Strategic Deception rushed in, all the electronic equipment on site, including monitoring, were instantly turned off. It was plunged into darkness.

"Be honest! Don't resist!"

These Office of Strategic Deception disciples are elite.

They were obviously well prepared. They used the contact lenses they wore with night vision capabilities to accurately rescue every researcher at the scene.

It only took less than a minute from the power cut off to the activation of the backup power supply. When the lights in the command post came back on, the gangster leader holding the Golden Wind had been knocked unconscious by Fang Xing.

"True Immortal Ninth Level Peak." Teng Luchen frowned. He had never seen Fang Xing look like a woman. But from Fang Xing's clothes, he could already tell that he was an elder-level figure in the Office of Strategic Deception.

In such a state, he is probably still a great elder.

He realized that he had underestimated the intelligence gathering capabilities of the Office of Strategic Deception. He felt that he had done a flawless job in this matter.

Originally, he had a plan to test Wang Ling. But this time, a gangster with no eyesight happened to attack, allowing him to carry out the plan smoothly.

For this reason, Teng Luchen was very cautious during the kidnapping. While stabilizing the mentality of the gangsters, he also completely blocked the news.

Logically speaking, not even the police knew about the hijacking of the Jiutian Command Post.

The Office of Strategic Deception was able to receive the news in advance and send someone to rush here.

This made Teng Luchen feel that things suddenly became very unusual.

"I am here on the order of the sect master. I have met Senior Teng. I am the Great Elder of the Office of Strategic Deception. Elder Teng, please call me Xiao Fang."

Fang Xing bowed and saluted. He was polite and decent. His smiling face made it impossible to find anything wrong.

Teng Luchen was a little angry because the intervention of the Office of Strategic Deception actually ruined his plan. But in this case, he could only remain silent and eat Coptis chinensis.

After holding it in for a long time, he finally cleared his throat and said, "It's okay. Thank you for your hard work, Xiao Fang..."

"Teng Lao, I have already checked. This golden wind is fake."

After Fang Xing finished speaking, he handed the pistol to Teng Luchen with both hands: "Teng Lao is still working on official duties so late. Maybe he is tired. Please take a rest early. Although it is true that cultivators can never sleep. But As the backbone of Shangfeng, Mr. Teng has to take care of his own body."

"..."

Hearing these words, the corner of Teng Tianyuan's mouth twitched.

He could probably tell that Elder Fang from the Office of Strategic Deception obviously meant something in his words.

I would like to ask if he, a "pillar on the top of the mountain," can tell that this Golden Wind is fake?

Since you can see it's fake and pretend to be kidnapped, isn't it obvious that there is another purpose?

Teng Luchen felt a little aggrieved. He looked at the dark screen behind him and sighed inwardly.

When he reopened the screen, he found that the battle in the spirit world was over.

After Wang Ming received the order from the Office of Strategic Deception to go to the rescue, he immediately adjusted the code and used the spirit world system to teleport away the high-level spiritual beasts transferred from the subsequent map.

In other words, no matter which of the elite high school students present takes action to destroy the remaining spiritual beasts, it won't be too strange.

What a pity...

Just a little bit away. He might be able to witness Wang Ling take action with his own eyes.

However, although the power supply of the monitoring equipment was cut off just now, the spirit world system is still operating normally. In other words, during the time when the screen went black, the internal monitor was still operating.

Teng Luchen felt that there might be some new information about Wang Ling.

He would have to find a way to retrieve this part of the information later and take a look.

Even if the picture is not preserved, at least the recording is still there...

He has suspected Wang Ling for a long time. Not just a day or two. He will not give up the investigation of Wang Ling easily.

And in this current situation...

Teng Luchen even had some doubts. This time, the Office of Strategic Deception suddenly received news of an operation to break out of the command post to rescue them. It was most likely a cover-up.

It may even be to cover Wang Ling's actions...

All this was too coincidental. It was as if it was calculated. It made Teng Luchen suspicious.

After thinking for a while, Teng Luchen pretended to be calm on the surface. He waved to call a staff member. He put the Golden Wind in a plastic envelope and said, "This toy will be left to you for safekeeping for the time being."

"Okay Mr. Teng." The staff member nodded.

"Have you called the police?" Teng Luchen asked.

The staff member glanced at Fang Xing and said, "The police car arrived at the same time as Elder Fang broke out. The command post is now surrounded by water."

"..."

Hearing this, Teng Luchen was silent for a moment. Then he could only scratch his head. He secretly shouted "That's it" and left the command post.

It is not convenient for him to directly explain the monitoring of data here.

Because the sudden action of the Office of Strategic Deception just now has made Teng Luchen suspect that there is an insider delivering the message in the command center.

Now he can no longer trust anyone.

Surveillance and recording data. Then hand them over to Jing Heqiu and ask for them before handing them over to him. This is the safest way.

There are too many doubts...

Teng Luchen found it funny.

When he walked to the gate of the command post, he suddenly saw a familiar figure.

He was being interviewed by the media. Zhuo Yi was crazily illuminated by countless flashlights.

He almost forgot.

Zhuo Yi also has practical relevance to the Office of Strategic Deception.

Essentially, he also belongs to the Grand Elder of the Founding Sect in the Office of Strategic Deception. But it is just an honorary title and has no actual job relationship.

He remembered that Zhuo Yi was sent there by Huaxiu Alliance. His job was to inspect and supervise. It was justifiable.

Moreover, the Office of Strategic Deception itself is also within the jurisdiction of Huaxiu Alliance.

Although the Office of Strategic Deception ruined his plan this time, Teng Luchen found that he really couldn't blame the Office of Strategic Deception.

After all, the Jiutian Jingmi Yuan command post was donated by gangsters. This matter is of great importance. The Office of Strategic Deception had previously signed an official city security agreement with Huaxiu Alliance.

This move is actually very common everywhere. It is mainly to share the pressure of the Xiuzhen Police Station system. However, the sects that can sign such an agreement must be above the heaven level.

Before the interview was over, Zhuo Yi saw Teng Luchen. He quickly asked the deputy general manager next to him to take over the interview and trotted over.

"Greetings to Mr. Teng." He bowed to Teng Luchen and said respectfully, "It is said that these gangsters are very vicious. From the looks of it, Mr. Teng is not injured. This junior can rest assured."

"Heh. Your information is quite good."

Teng Luchen smiled dryly: "Let me talk about it first. Even if you have nothing to do to be attentive, I can't help you with the election of the new leader of the Ten Thousand Schools Alliance."

"The position of alliance leader depends on one's ability. Mr. Teng is so caring. I am very grateful to this junior." Zhuo Yi said with a smile.

Teng Luchen sighed and had no choice but to leave.

He frowned.

suspicious...

Everything is so fishy...





Chapter 1940 Teng Luchen’s preparations


Zhuo Yi has been covering up for so long. Now, for the first time, I feel a sense of crisis welling up in my heart.

He felt that Teng Luchen was very dangerous. More dangerous than anyone he had ever met before. Not only that, he even felt that he had exposed something on the spot this time in order to rescue Wang Ling.

I'm afraid this Mr. Teng is not that easy to fool...

Zhuo Yi sighed in his heart.

After seeing Mr. Teng leave, he immediately entered the core group of the Office of Strategic Deception and started reporting: "Old Mr. Teng has left. But I intuitively thought that he would not give up the investigation of the master so easily."

Sun Rong was particularly concerned about this matter. He replied almost immediately: "I just asked Grandpa. His knowledge about Teng Lao is very limited. But what can be confirmed is that the relationship between Teng Lao and Yuan Zun is very different. generally.

"After all, he is a character from that era. It's normal."

Lord Diu Lei said: "Everyone should continue to be vigilant. If Brother Ling is not careful this time, I'm afraid he will be exposed."

Sun Rong: "Of course. I will think of a solution later. Let's see how we can suppress this matter. Having said that, I have to thank classmate Fang Xing this time (*￣︶￣)"

Fang Xing: "Whatever you say, it's all my job. It's Wang Ling's business. That's my business."

...

At this point in the chat, although on the surface the atmosphere in the group was harmonious, privately everyone was sweating.

Although this time the sudden action of the Office of Strategic Deception was barely managed, it was actually just as Zhuo Yi thought.

It was precisely because their actions this time were too abrupt. In the eyes of the old man, this would become a way of covering up.

When Teng Luchen returned to Jiutian Tea House, Jing Heqiu had already used {Creation Technique} and {Dou Zhuan Star Shifting Array} to repair the previously destroyed parts of the place.

The Jiutian Teahouse is an important location. There are usually backups of the same building materials. When it is damaged, the teahouse can be easily repaired through magic.

At this time, the door of the teahouse was closed tightly. Jing Heqiu bowed to Teng Luchen, who looked not very good-looking, and said, "Old Teng, the first batch of tests happened because of an accident. All students who have not been tested have been arranged for follow-up supplementary tests."

"The students who have entered the spirit world have also successfully passed the internal test and returned from the spirit world."

"But, looking at Old Teng, it seems that he hasn't found the answer he wants?"

Teng Luchen sat on the wooden bench. His eyebrows were furrowed. After thinking for a long time, he looked at Jing Heqiu and said slowly: "This time the Office of Strategic Deception suddenly came to help. What do you think?"

"I always feel that it's very sudden. I feel like I'm hiding something." Jing Heqiu answered truthfully.

Hearing this, Teng Luchen suddenly laughed: "It's not bad. You have finally made some progress. This operation of the Office of Strategic Deception has just exposed the fact that they are trying to hide. It's just what they are trying to hide. I still lack evidence at the moment. ."

"So. Mr. Teng still doubts that classmate Wang?"

"What do you think?"

"I think he is just ordinary...nothing extraordinary about him. Even when he entered the spiritual world this time, he was influenced by that Li Changzhe."

"Did you see clearly? The primer he used was stuck on Li Changzhe's body?"

"You can see it clearly. There is absolutely no mistake."

Jing Heqiu said: "And Mr. Teng doesn't think it's a bit unrealistic for the Office of Strategic Deception to launch such a large-scale operation to protect such a high school student..."

"You are right. This is in line with the logic of normal people's thinking."

Teng Luchen smiled. He paused. He wanted to say: Sometimes, things are not what you see.

But in the end, he still couldn't speak.

However, Teng Luchen still firmly believed that his judgment was correct.

Wang Ling is the young man he has been looking for.

But now, he still lacks key evidence.

This time the trial of the spiritual world internal beta is actually a "double-edged sword".

On the way back to Jiutian Tea House, Teng Luchen had already made the assumption of reverse reasoning.

If we assume that this operation of the Office of Strategic Deception is really to cover up Wang Ling.

Then the Office of Strategic Deception must already know all the plans on his side. They are here for Wang Ling.

In other words, the actions taken by the Office of Strategic Deception this time seem to have alerted the enemy. They were too aggressive.

And his actions were also exposed in broad daylight during this temptation.

But Teng Luchen was not panicked at all, because he exposed his true intentions through this internal test in the spirit world. This was also part of his calculation...

"Have you obtained the recording of the internal beta test in the spirit world?"

"Not yet. But I have protected the data inside the server. I will copy and transfer it myself later to make sure the data is safe."

"Yeah. Well done."

Teng Luchen nodded: "You must remember. This matter can only be reported directly to me. There is no need to go through anyone else. Do you understand?"

"Yes. Mr. Teng."

Jing Heqiu nodded: "It's just that I don't know something. I don't know whether to talk about it or not."

Teng Luchen: "You want to ask me why you are so persistent about this Wang Ling."

Jing Heqiu nodded: "Yes."

He really didn't understand.

As Teng Luchen, why would you waste so much precious time on such an ordinary high school student?

Not to mention the ability to identify talents. Jing Heqiu thinks that he still has some.

His realm is not low either. Following Teng Luchen over the years, he has seen many geniuses of all kinds. But he can be sure. Wang Ling is definitely not the person he or Teng Luchen are looking for.

A monk who only knows how to consume puffed food will not be of any benefit to his practice.

"I still need some time to verify this issue. When the time is right, I will tell you naturally." Teng Luchen gave up and said, "I have never made a mistake in all these years."

"I hope so."

Jing Heqiu said.

Before he left Jiutian Teahouse, he still had doubts.

And after sending Jing Heqiu away.

Teng Luchen also started his next plan.

Previously, he speculated that this temptation in the spiritual world was a double-edged sword-like two-way exposure.

And his intention to deliberately expose and test Wang Ling was also within the scope of the plan.

Regarding this point, this is definitely not something Teng Luchen said casually.

Just as Jing Heqiu left, he came to the tea shelf in the teahouse. Inside, there were small jars of tea filled with the fragrance of tea. They were all handpicked works by masters.

He touched one of the hexagonal ceramic tea pots and changed the angle of the tea pot.

Then, the tea stand suddenly made a buzzing sound.

Just behind the tea can, a wall covered with photos and memo stickers appeared.

These are all intelligence materials collected by Teng Luchen over the years.

Piles of pieces. All closely related to Wang Ling...

At this time, Teng Luchen personally filled in the latest information.

"The Office of Strategic Deception has initially suspected me of trying Wang Ling."

"What if I lose my memory later."

"That proves all the doubts written on this wall. They are all correct answers."

"This note was written by Teng Luchen. It was written at 3:48 am on January 15, 4397..."





Chapter 1941 Teng Luchen’s secret weapon


The wall panel hidden behind the tea rack in Jiutian Tea House is covered with dense memory notes. These are the information that Teng Luchen has collected over the years.

He was worried that his memory would be erased by physics or magic. Therefore, he left this secret wall panel as evidence of linking clues.

Of course, the gambling wallboard also collected some information on other young geniuses that he was interested in...but that was all for backup.

Teng Luchen knew very well. The spell that accurately erases memories will only erase a part of specific memories. If the people from the Office of Strategic Deception erased the memory about Wang Ling, he would probably forget it directly. The existence of a wall.

So he also collected the information of other students at the same time. In this case, he would have forgotten the information of Wang Ling. Then the existence of the wall would still be in his mind.

As long as he opens this wall again, he will definitely see something about Wang Ling...

This is a seamless plan.

Moreover, it is still a flawless trap. If everything goes as he expected, whenever the Office of Strategic Deception makes a wrong move, he will have ironclad evidence of Wang Ling's true combat effectiveness.

Of course. In order to better implement this plan, Teng Luchen has actually set up his own spies in Number 60 High School to provide himself with intelligence information.

Less than half an hour after Jing Heqiu left, there was another dull knock on the door of Jiutian Teahouse.

A nice girl's voice sounded from the door of the teahouse: "Is Mr. Teng here? I'm here!"

Teng Luchen reacted quickly. He quickly reset the mechanism. Then he unbolted the door and let the person in.

Because it was not long before morning. The girl in front of me was wearing the uniform of Number 60 High School. She had a well-behaved look on her face. No matter how many times she looked at her, she would still have a similar feeling to Sun Rong.

"Yingying, come on quickly."

Seeing Jiang Yingying come to the door, Teng Luchen immediately showed his harmless smile. His kind-hearted look was like the warm old man in the community. It gave people an unimaginable sense of closeness.

He took the initiative to make a cup of tea and handed it to Jiang Yingying: "Here, let's have a cup of tea to refresh ourselves. We're going to class soon."

"Thank you, Mr. Teng. How are you, Mr. Teng? Did you gain anything?"

Jiang Yingying took it politely with both hands. Then he took a sip and asked with concern.

"Not yet. But there will be a conclusion soon." Teng Tianyuan laughed. He shook his bamboo fan with one hand and looked at Jiang Yingying: "I also want to ask you. How is your situation?"

"Number 60 High School is actually not going well here. I feel like everyone is on guard against me. Maybe it's because I just came here not long ago. I'm not very familiar with everyone... Photos I sent to Teng Lao by express delivery a few times ago . And I took all the photos secretly!" Jiang Yingying said disappointedly.

"You shouldn't. Yingying, you are so beautiful. How can you not make friends?" Teng Luchen showed a puzzled expression.

"It's not that I don't have friends. It's just that I feel like I can't go any further. So I've been practicing hard lately."

"You are the granddaughter of Martial Saint. With his teaching talent, you must be good. As long as you work harder, it will definitely not be a problem to get ahead in the future."

Teng Luchen consoled him: "What's the progress at the Office of Strategic Deception?"

"I was just about to talk to Mr. Teng! The Office of Strategic Deception is making great progress! And I have a senior elder named Wang Meili as my master! As long as I practice diligently, I should be able to know a lot of things. It’s just..." Jiang Yingying said excitedly.

"Just what?"

"It's just that I noticed that my master seems to be more concerned about love issues. Doesn't it mean that the higher the cultivation level, the less desire and desire? The situation seems to be completely different from what I thought."

"..."

Hearing this, Teng Luchen couldn't help coughing a few times: "Everyone's situation is different. In fact, there are very few people who have no desires and no demands. And most of them have to maintain a virgin body because of the restrictions on their skills. Older women If a monk wants to continue his Taoist tradition, he should find a suitable male monk to get married and have children. In fact, it is a normal thing. The male monk should marry the female monk. It is also normal..."

Teng Luchen gave an analysis.

At the same time, he was chewing on the name Wang Meili.

He remembered that when the Office of Strategic Deception was founded, there was no such elder on their official website. In other words, this elder had only recently joined the Office of Strategic Deception.

He has just joined the Office of Strategic Deception and already holds the position of an elder. This person's identity is definitely not simple. And there is a high probability that he can have direct contact with the senior management of the Office of Strategic Deception.

Thinking of this, Teng Luchen couldn't help but feel happy again. His choice of Jiang Yingying as an undercover agent at Number 60 High School was indeed the right one.

At least this girl is quite lucky. She immediately managed to win over an elder who may have close contact with the senior officials of the Office of Strategic Deception.

"Since you have already worshiped Elder Wang as your master, then just follow him and practice well. There is no need to rush the matter of intelligence. Doing so will reveal your flaws. Just let nature take its course." Teng Luchen smiled. road.

"I understand. Mr. Teng." Jiang Yingying nodded.

"Right. This is for you."

As he said that, Teng Luchen took out a small can of tea from the tea shelf and handed it to Jiang Yingying: "There are six tea cans in this box. You can keep them to make tea for drinking. They cleanse the marrow and purify the spiritual roots. Of course, if money is tight, it can be sold. It can be fetched at a good price in the tea market. Don't listen to the tricks of tea bosses. This tea can is worth at least 100,000 immortal gold."

"One hundred thousand...immortal gold?" Jiang Yingying was shocked. His hands were shaking: "No. Teng Lao. This is too precious..."

Although Teng Tianyuan did promise her that if she could collect some useful information for Jingmi Institute, she could earn some pocket money. But obviously, the amount of "pocket money" was far more than Jiang Yingying thought.

And the most important thing is that Jiang Yingying feels that he didn't actually do anything. He just took a few photos of Wang Ling. Sun Rong is too guarded against her. And recently, it seems that even Jiugong Liangzi has been with her Sun Rong has formed a united front.

When two female bosses join forces, she really can't get a pin in here.

"Take it. You deserve it."

Teng Luchen smiled: "I don't have much else here. Just these tea leaves. I also know that your old man is used to being thrifty. He won't give you much pocket money. But cultivation is a waste of money." The job of our Jingmi Institute is to discover talents and pool resources to cultivate them. Yingying, you are my chosen one. So it is very reasonable for me to give you some resources."

"But this..."

"No, but Yingying. Take it. You did a good job. Just remember to keep in touch with me from time to time."

Teng Luchen had a firm attitude.

After all, the chess piece Jiang Yingying is his secret weapon...





Chapter 1942 Li Chang blows his breasts and gets dizzy/ninety-two)


After returning from the spirit world, Wang Ling's mood actually dropped a little. After all, he already knew that he was being targeted.

And it is obvious that Mr. Teng is a very difficult character to deal with. If he makes the slightest mistake next, his true strength may be directly exposed.

Of course. Wang Ling didn't think about upgrading the "Great Shielding Technique" or using physical/magical means to directly cause Teng Luchen to lose his memory.

But after returning home, Wang Ling thought about it carefully and felt that it would be too rash to do it directly.

After all, the opponent this time is different from the past. If the opponent had calculated in advance, he would directly erase the memory. What backup method was left?

Now that he is anxious to take action, he will only expose himself more quickly.

In front of the desk. A faint light shone in from the window. Unknowingly, Wang Ling had been sitting in front of the desk until dawn after returning from the spirit world.

There is still one month left in the overall preparation time for the Earth Center Project. This means that the two teams that will go to the Earth Center World will definitely be finalized within a month.

Judging from what happened during the internal beta test of the spirit world, Wang Ling feels that he is doomed this time. And there are many dangers...

"Buzz!"

The phone vibrated.

That was a message sent to him by Li Changzhe.

After the first closed beta test of Spirit World, he, Li Changzhe, and Zhang Linyan were added.

As for Qu Shuling, he left directly after waking up. He didn't even say a word. He was as cold as ever.

Zhang Linyan’s reason was that she wanted to get to know Wang Ling.

Wang Ling thinks it’s okay to add it. Anyway, he basically doesn’t post in Moments. There is no privacy.

Moreover, Zhang Linyan received almost all his hints perfectly during the internal testing in the spirit world. She has the potential to be a scapegoat.

Wang Ling thought it would be a good idea to add it.

As for Li Changzhe.

That's just being thick-skinned.

Wang LingIn fact, I didn’t want to add him at all.

But I couldn't resist the fact that this guy was so familiar and shameless. He saw Zhang Linyan coming over to ask for WeChat, so he joined in too.

And the most outrageous thing is that Li Changzhe kept staring at him when adding. It wasn't until he saw Wang Ling clicking the add button that he looked away.

It was early in the morning. Wang Ling had not yet figured out how to deal with Teng Luchen. As a result, this shameless person sent him a text message.

And there are only two words "Are you there?"

These are the two most annoying words for Wang Ling.

He prefers the type of person who talks about something. He starts with "Are you there?". Wang Ling actually doesn't know how to continue.

So when seeing these two words Wang Ling's inertia is to pretend that they didn't see it.

Because if it is really urgent, I will definitely say yes directly instead of writing "Are you there?" and send it.

Wang Ling sighed. He just put down his phone. Then the phone vibrated like a ghost again.

Or Li Changzhe.

"Are you there? Are you there? Are you there? Are you there?"

And as soon as I opened the screen. Wang Ling, I saw Li Changzhe posting a lot of messages in succession.

"..."

Wang Ling felt that if he didn't reply, he might be annoyed to death by Li Changzhe. He had no choice but to reply with an ellipsis symbolically.

Li Changzhe replied almost instantly: "What? It's true! [Baring teeth] It's okay. I'm just a little doubtful whether the WeChat ID you gave me is genuine. I see that your circle of friends is blank. You haven't posted anything."

Wang Ling: "..."

Let’s talk about it. Now he really has the urge to block Li Changzhe directly.

But this time, Li Changzhe turned an enemy into a friend.

Wang Ling feels that by blocking him now, he is actually making enemies for himself. It is completely unnecessary.

Li Changzhe is a bit naive and talkative, but he is still a good person in essence.

"Hey. I have returned to Beijing. I came to Songhai temporarily. I came in a hurry and left in a hurry. It's a pity that I forgot to take a photo with you." Li Changzhe said on WeChat.

Wang Ling hesitated to speak. He entered a string of ellipsis and then deleted it.

Li Changzhe saw on WeChat that it said "The other party is typing". But in the end the prompts disappeared Wang Ling and no information was sent. So he continued: "Actually, this is an internal beta test in the spirit world. Harvest You're pretty big. At least it makes me think you're a pretty good person."

Wang Ling: "..."

"By the way. Let me tell you one more thing."

Li Changzhe sent a message. He directly told Wang Ling: "That Qu Shuling. You have to be careful."

"?"

This time. Wang Ling finally changed the punctuation marks.

Li Changzhe: "Although we, Jingba and Shengke, are in an alliance, they are actually in a competitive relationship. Although I came to Songhai to find Qu Shuling this time, I actually don't trust him very much. The relationship between me and him is also... It's not as good as outsiders say."

Almost in an instant, Li Changzhe sent a long text.

It's like clarifying the position with Wang Ling.

But Wang Ling doesn’t know what Li Changzhe means by sending these things to him.

Could it be that during this trip to the spirit world, Li Changzhe was actually testing whether Qu Shuling was a reliable person?

Wang Ling feels that the amount of information these paragraphs bring to me is quite large.

If Li Changzhe did not lie, judging from the literal meaning, the alliance between Shengke and Jingba is not as stable as imagined.

In other words, this alliance began to waver after Qu Shuling became the new student union president.

After all, as Qu Shuling, who was specially trained by Shengke in recent years and is active in the public eye through various star-making means, in addition to being a cultivator in an orthodox high school college, she is also a veritable internet celebrity.

Figures in the public eye are inherently controversial. This also allows Qu Shuling to always portray himself in a "pretty" state in front of outsiders, giving him a sense of superior genius.

But this is such a person. During this internal beta test of the spiritual world, he did not use his leadership skills. He chose to go out alone and then made a fool of himself in front of everyone.

Wang Ling feels that there may be some hidden problem here.

But what can be confirmed is that Qu Shuling really fainted at that time. And such coma could not be faked.

While Wang Ling was thinking, Li Changzhe forwarded him another post on the cultivation forum.

Someone posted anonymously on the forum claiming that he was a high school student selected for the internal beta test of the spirit world. During the competition, he saw Qu Shuling charging alone as a lone wolf and then fainted. He did not wake up until the end of the test...

This is a message in pure English. The IP address is from overseas.

Wang Ling noticed that in the comments below the post, the majority of people spoke up for Qu Shuling. Almost everyone who is familiar with this genius felt that this post was trying to ride on Qu Shuling’s popularity.

"You see it."

At this time, Li Changzhe sent a message to Wang Ling and said: "Because it is an internal test, the official should have a video record, but it will not be made public. In the absence of conclusive evidence, no one will believe this is true. "

"Because Qu Shuling molded himself into a flawless person."





Chapter 1943 The eyes focused on the immortal king


Wang Ling discovered that it seems that those who have the baggage of idols. People with various celebrity auras will establish an extreme personality for themselves.

The invincible academic type, the family-oriented type, the noble returnee type... In recent years, Wang Ling has seen a lot of big news about celebrities in daily life who have ruined their personalities due to something. As a result, their personalities have collapsed.

In a sense, this is a kind of self-deception on the psychological level of these human cultivators.

After they tell lies too many times, they start to believe them. So when they have a halo around them, they will keep adding buffs to themselves to show how special they are.

So Li Changzhe’s amount of information is indeed very large.

Although he didn't say it clearly, Qu Shuling's background was exposed in just a few words.

After all, he is just a high school student. How could he have such a flawless character?

But now Qu Shuling is in the spotlight. Without any concrete evidence, it is impossible for this talented high school student in the eyes of the world to admit his failure.

Like what was revealed on the forum about fainting in the internal beta test of the spiritual world. No one would believe it.

And Wang Ling doesn’t think this is a particularly extreme negative argument.

For example, take the trending video that Wang Ling saw two days ago of Qu Shuling shirtless and persuading girls to drink... Such a case is even more social.

However, the video at that time only captured the back. There was no way to prove that the person was Qu Shuling himself.

What's the trick here? Wang Ling doesn't care about it now. His top priority now is to deal with this spiritual world test and the upcoming Earth Center Project.

As for this time, Li Changzhe reminded him to pay attention to Qu Shuling. Wang Ling felt that this opinion could be adopted. It really sounded true.

Anyway, after this first internal test in the spiritual world, his impression of Zhang Linyan and Li Changzhe, two classmates from outside the school, was much better than that of Qu Shuling.

Wang Ling doesn’t like Qu Shuling very much. I always feel like this person is hiding something.

He lowered his head and looked at the time. It was already 6:00 in the morning. Originally, this was the time when Wang Ling left for school.

But today, Wang Ling was not in a hurry to leave as usual. He sat calmly at his desk and stared out the window, as if waiting for something to arrive.

"Is there anything you want to send?" Er Ha asked curiously.

"Yes." Wang Ling answered obediently. Cherish words like gold.

Just a minute later, Er Ha saw a gleam of golden light in the fiery red clouds illuminated by the rising sun. First, there was a bright round spot of light.

Then the light spot grew bigger and bigger as it got closer, and finally formed a huge sparkling disk, which suddenly flew down from a distance.

This golden light carries astonishing cosmic energy. It seems to have the power to disintegrate everything.

"Here's another...Cosmic Embryo!"

After closer observation, Er Ha finally discovered the origin of this golden disk.

This was when I was in Glio City in Mixiu Country. Wang Ling made a deal with the Saints.

The Saints underestimated the power of Wang Ling. In order to ensure that they would not be exterminated by Wang Ling, they had no choice but to hand over the actual control of the Tengu. They also agreed to hand over the Cosmic Embryo to Wang Ling.

At this point. Wang Ling now has all two Cosmic Embryo in hand.

Although Wang Ling currently does not know what specific role Cosmic Embryo can play. But what is certain is that this thing is closely related to the Old Dominator. It is likely to be the key magic weapon that determines the direction of victory in the future.

And such things must not fall into the hands of evil people. The reason Wang Ling is anxious to collect them is because he is worried that someone will use the energy of Cosmic Embryo to cause trouble and add trouble to his ordinary daily life.

"Did they time out?"

Er Ha asked. He remembered that Wang Ying had given a limited date when he went to negotiate.

"It doesn't matter. As long as you get the thing, it will be no problem." Wang Ying wiped his chin and said, "This thing has huge energy. It is probably not easy to transport it with their ability. Fortunately, it has been perfectly recovered now."

"Then the saints just let it go like this?" Er Ha asked.

"They probably won't attack again in the short term." Wang Ying said, "After all, this is a deal. We also promised not to take the initiative. But if they are disobedient, we will just destroy them."

"..."

Er Ha fell silent after hearing the words.

Just destroy it...

What a domineering statement.

But it fits Wang Ying’s personality.

...

It was still seven o'clock in the morning on January 15th. Four hours had passed since the first round of internal testing of the spirit world ended. There were also a lot of gossips about this internal testing on the Internet.

At the entrance of Jian Shen College. Yi Zhiyang was eating beef noodles in a noodle shop while looking at his mobile phone. He was also browsing the closed beta news about the spiritual world.

However, he found that most of the news seemed to focus on the foreign aid student invited by Yaqi High School. Rokume Akahoko.

"Who is this Rokume Akahoko?" Yi Zhiyang put down his chopsticks and touched his forehead. He felt a little confused.

Gong Xuan, who was sitting opposite him, was peeling fragrant tea eggs and said calmly: "He is a famous high school student in Sun Island. And his performance this time is said to be really good. Li Changzhe said that."

"Li Changzhe said it. That's pretty reliable." Yi Zhiyang nodded: "Hey, it's a pity. If I had recovered a little bit, I might have been able to go in last night."

"The time for the supplementary test has come down. How about you go? Anyway, the quota can be transferred." Gong Xuan said seriously.

"Forget it, forget it. It's better for you to go." Yi Zhiyang shook his head. Fighting for places has never been his style. Secondly, Yi Zhiyang is also more afraid of death. Compared to now, he has not fully recovered. This is what happens if he sees a sharp object on his body. There was another reaction. That was truly embarrassing in front of the world's elite high school students.

He is still recovering. Even in the morning, he only dares to eat noodles. And they are wide noodles... He doesn't even dare to touch his favorite breakfast fried dough sticks. Because some fried dough sticks have two pointed heads. He is afraid.

"You've been flipping through it for a long time. What are you flipping through?" Gong Xuan couldn't help but ask when he saw Yi Zhiyang looking attentively flipping through his phone.

"Looking for a person. But found little information about him."

"Who?"

"People from Number 60 High School."

"What's that guy called Wang..."

"Wang Ling." Yi Zhiyang replied.

"Well, that seems to be the name. He also went in last night."

"Did you see how you got in?"

"no..."

Gong Xuan shook his head.

Yi Zhiyang: "I found one. Someone on the Internet said that Li Changzhe banged his head on the door first and entered. Then he used a primer to stick to Li Changzhe's body and they went in together. Do you think it is possible?"

"Not quite."

Gong Xuan shook his head: "If such a shameless method is used, with Li Changzhe's personality, people will definitely say that this guy is shameless. But their relationship seems to be very good now. Yesterday, they added WeChat after coming out of the spirit world."

Yi Zhiyang was stunned: "Is there such a thing?"

Gong Xuan: "Why did you suddenly notice him?"

Yi Zhiyang: "It's nothing. It's just my younger sister who asked me if I'm familiar with this guy. I want to know some information. I guess my sister likes him. I think this guy has hidden a lot. I'm secretly investigating him. He seems to be famous. It's not true. Why don't you take him in as your brother-in-law? Then you can know more of his secrets?"

Gong Xuan: "You are really a genius... Does your butt still hurt?"

Yi Zhiyang sneered: "Ha. We won't talk about butt stuff today. Thank you for the compliment."





Chapter 1944 Protect Our SideWang Ling


Teng Luchen came with bad intentions and was extremely difficult to deal with. Wang Ming and Zhuo Yi were naturally extremely vigilant about this.

"The video and audio recording have been processed. It's seamless. They were quite cautious. They only sent Dean Jing Heqiu to get the information. They didn't deal with other people. But it was useless. I could still hack in." Encrypted chat room. Wang Ming is making a video call with Zhuo Yi.

He calculated that Teng Luchen would definitely look at the video data of an internal test in the spirit world, so he hacked into the system in advance and tampered with it.

The so-called tampering is nothing more than the art of editing. As long as the editing is smooth enough, almost no flaws will be found.

Of course, in order to make the tampered video more realistic, Wang Ming also used some three-dimensional animation effects.

He stayed up late at night to model the characters. Even the pores were 100% restored, ensuring accuracy. Even if you look carefully, you can't see any flaws.

But Teng Luchen was really scary. For the first time, Wang Ming felt that even if he handled it perfectly, the other party would still notice clues.

"The opponent this time is indeed different from the past. And I don't know why I have an intuition. I always feel that this old man seems to know the master. Not only has he met the master, but he has also secretly observed him for a long time." Zhuo Yi said.

"So this is the intuition of a peeping tom?" Wang Ming hehehe.

If you want to calculate carefully, in fact, Zhuo Yi also witnessed Wang Ling defeat Tuntian Ha. They secretly observed and tracked him for a long time. Finally, he shamelessly accepted Wang Ling's disciples.

They are all people who like to observe in secret. Then Zhuo Yi must be aware of Teng Luchen.

Zhuo Yi coughed twice and said awkwardly: "Teacher Ming is so absolute. Although I am a voyeur, I am also a righteous voyeur. And I don't voyeur now. I am aboveboard. Follow my master and do great things!"

"It's definitely not going to work like this anyway. You and I both have to think of a way."

Wang Ming said: "And you have felt it, too. I always feel like there is an undercover agent around Ling Ling."

"Yes. I do feel this way. But now the master is in the first and third grade of high school. He is surrounded by his own people. The master's wife is so guarded. Who can get the master's information." Zhuo Yi frowned.

Wang Ming lowered his head and thought for a moment. Then he sighed: "This matter must be investigated as soon as possible. Zhenjun and I have also talked about this matter before. He said that he would be responsible for handling it. We will just wait quietly for the result. Bar..."

...

Jiang Yingying went to school earlier than usual this morning. He arrived at school half an hour earlier. Except for Guo Hao and Chen Chao, who were busy doing homework, there was no one else in the classroom.

Jiang Yingying breathed a sigh of relief. These two people had no time to take care of her at the moment, so she didn't need to worry about it at all.

She didn't know why she felt extra nervous this morning. She didn't know if it was because she collected the six small cans of tea from Teng Lao. For the first time, Jiang Yingying felt like she was carrying a "huge amount of cash" on her body.

A small can of tea can be sold for 100,000 immortal gold... According to the current housing prices, if she sold all six cans, it would be enough to buy her own small villa in the suburbs.

This feeling of suddenly becoming a rich woman made Jiang Yingying extremely excited.

According to the current cost-effective ratio between immortal gold and Huaxiu national currency, 100,000 immortal gold can be exchanged for 1 million Huaxiu national currency.

When he came to the desk, Jiang Yingying kept staring at the desk behind Wang Ling...

When she first transferred to Number 60 High School, she wanted to sit behind Wang Ling. However, Teacher Pan told her that the desks were high-end desks and that she needed to pay additional membership fees.

Unfortunately, she really didn't have any money at that time. She couldn't sit behind Wang Ling.

But now. Things are different now!

She Jiang Yingying. is also rich!

As long as she sells a small pot of tea, she has enough capital to occupy the throne of the beautiful desk behind Wang Ling for three years in high school!

Taking a few deep breaths, Jiang Yingying felt that her mood had calmed down a lot.

On the other side, Guo Hao and Chen Chao also finished their work. The two of them looked at Jiang Yingying, who had arrived half an hour earlier than usual, with relaxed expressions, and the slightly raised corners of his mouth.

Finally, Chen Chao couldn't help but asked: "What's the matter, Jiang Yingying? Are you so happy? Did you win the lottery? Or did you meet a senior on the way to school and give you some kind of opportunity?"

The communication between Jiang Yingying and Chen Chao hasn't been that much since they transferred to school. It can't be said that she is too familiar with Chen Chao. But she has seen Chen Chao open his mouth many times.

Now this opening directly hit her heart. Her calm mood became tense again.

In a sense, Jiang Yingying feels that Chen Chao is the scariest person in Number 60 High School!

"No... nothing... I'm just thinking about the spirit world test. Hey, if my grades are better, I might be qualified to go," Jiang Yingying said.

In fact, regarding the last monthly exam, she deliberately lowered her score.

She learned about the spiritual world test and the Earth Center Project from Teng Luchen in advance. If she did well in the test, she would be selected. And if she was selected, she would definitely participate in a series of official training programs. This would not be conducive to her collecting information in school. Intelligence work.

"Hey. That's it."

Chen Chao and Guo Hao looked at each other and laughed at the same time: "I heard that Lingzi also went in last night. And he was the first batch to go in. Still with Qu Shuling!"

"Well. I know about this too. What do you think?" Jiang Yingying followed the conversation. She thought this was a good opportunity to collect information.

"How else can we look at it? Some people on the Internet said that he used a primer to stick to Li Changzhe from Beijing. Good luck." Guo Hao said.

"Is it just luck?" Jiang Yingying looked suspicious.

"Of course it's good luck. You're new here not long ago. We've both been with Lingzi for a long time. His luck has always been so good. Otherwise, would he be elected as the mascot of our class?" Guo Hao laughed. He stood up. He smiled and touched his round head. His voice was magical and brilliant.

I don’t know why. Jiang Yingying always feels that there is something wrong in it.

How lucky can a person be to lead Number 60 High School to victory every time he participates in a competition?

In fact, Jiang Yingying was dubious about Teng Lao's suspicion at the beginning. But now that she has been in contact with Teng Luchen for a long time, she also began to have some doubts about Wang Ling's true strength.

"Hey. It would be nice if I knew Wang Ling better." Jiang Yingying sighed in her heart. She looked at the beautiful desk behind Wang Ling and fell into deep thought.

As long as she sells the small can of tea after school today, she can get closer to Wang Ling...

However, at this moment, Jiang Yingying suddenly heard Guo Hao say to Chen Chao: "Awesome. Did you know that the beautiful desk behind Wang Ling was bought by someone! I don't know who it is. So. Rich!"

"Bought by...?" Jiang Yingying was shocked. He stood up from the desk and looked at Chen Chao and Guo Hao in shock.





Chapter 1945 The price of getting 1 point closer to Wang Ling


Jiang Yingying never thought that in order to buy the beautiful desk behind Wang Ling, she "worked" so hard. She finally made money. She was about to see the light of day. But the position was suddenly taken by someone. Buy it!

For a moment, Jiang Yingying's heart and hands were trembling.

Fortunately, it was early in the morning and there was no one else around. Jiang Yingying didn't need to pay too much attention to his appearance.

She didn't care much anymore and immediately asked anxiously: "Guo Hao, you are always well-informed. Do you know who the person who bought the seat is?"

"Of course. He is a new transfer student." Guo Hao crossed his arms and said with a mysterious face: "But I don't know who this person is yet. He is in Teacher Pan's office now. Teacher Pan is going through the handover procedures for him. "

"In the head teacher's office? Thank you! I'll go find him right away!" Jiang Yingying said excitedly. She ran away very fast, almost running wildly.

Jiang Yingying's idea now is actually very simple. As long as this position is not bought by Sun Rong, then there is still room for negotiation.

Since he is a new transfer student, it is even easier. She can even make a deal with this new student directly with the small pot of tea in her hand!

Anyway, the other party has just arrived. She doesn’t understand the situation in the class. And she is an old person who has been here for almost a month!

Looking at Jiang Yingying's running back, Chen Chao sighed in his heart: "It turns out she hasn't given up yet. I thought she had given up chasing Wang Ling a long time ago. After all, Boss Sun is keeping a close eye on her. I don’t know what’s so good about this guy Wang Ling. Why do girls everywhere like him? How come I don’t have this fate!”

"Look at Jiang Yingying's attitude. He wants to negotiate with the new student..." Guo Hao said, touching his double chin.

"Negotiation? Is she rich? I remember her family is not particularly wealthy. Could it be that she really won the lottery and became rich?" Chen Chao wondered.

"Whether it can work or not depends on whether the new student is willing to sell it. Anyway, as far as I know, this beautiful desk doesn't seem to be bought by this new student."

Guo Hao looked at Chen Chao seriously and said, "It's from Teacher Pan."

"A gift?" Chen Chao asked suspiciously, "What's going on?"

"Our school's comprehensive ranking has gone up now. The world ranking and national ranking have improved significantly. We can always attract some rich people to study in the school."

Guo Hao said: "I heard from my uncle that the new classmate's family is rich. Originally, Lao Chen didn't even plan to accept transfer students. But this classmate said that as long as he is willing to let him study at Number 60 High School, he will. Our school is donating a new teaching building. By the way, it will be renovated during the summer vacation."

"Good guy..." Chen Chao was stunned when he heard this.

Donate the building directly and renovate the school...

Indeed. With such a big deal, a set of beautiful desks and chairs is nothing.

...

When Wang Ling came to the classroom, he saw Jiang Yingying sitting at the desk with a gloomy look on his face. His face was full of immortal anger.

He didn't know what happened to this girl. She looked like she had received a huge blow.

In fact, as soon as I entered the gate of Number 60 High School today. Wang Ling I already felt that the atmosphere in the school was very unusual.

Not only that. When he sat down in his seat, Zhenyuan and Gu Shunzhi next to him were staring at him with grins on their faces.

This is obviously something...

But Wang Ling doesn't know what exactly will happen.

He didn't bother to deduce it. Maybe it was some silly prank?

However, this group of people are usually quite serious. They don't look like people who would make fun of themselves.

As usual, Wang Ling took out all the homework at home. Folded each one and placed it on the corner of the table. Waiting for Su Xiao to come over and collect the homework.

At this moment, a familiar voice came from the corridor in front of the class door.

That was the echo of Teacher Pan's high heels stepping on the marble floor of the corridor. I don't know why. She came earlier than usual even though it was not yet time for morning self-study.

Wang Ling almost immediately became alert.

This familiar scene...

Could it be that there is a new person coming to the class?

A drop of cold sweat hung on his cheek.

Then I saw Teacher Pan walking in from the door with a tall male student wearing transparent-rimmed glasses. This man had neat short hair and dark skin.

But these facial features. Wang Ling are too familiar... plus the aura emanating from this body. Although the other party has suppressed it very well, Wang Ling can still tell who the person is right away.

Teacher Pan narrowed his eyes and laughed loudly: "Let me introduce to everyone. This new classmate is the newly transferred classmate Jia Jun!"

"..."

Now Wang Ling is really living in Bengbu.

God Jiajun!

It's obviously Lord Diu Lei!

Jia Jun = Fake King?

Deduct money for homophonic memes!

He didn't know why even Lord Diu Lei transferred to Number 60 High School!

And he even used a new identity!

The most important thing is that he also deliberately disguised his appearance. Not only did he cut his long hair into short hair, but his skin tone was eight degrees darker... He also wore a pair of transparent-rimmed eyes. It looked like Just like a sunshine sports student!

I have to say, this disguise is really clever.

If it weren't for being so familiar with Lord Diu Lei, even Wang Ling would be kept in the dark.

At least most people here have not figured out the true identity of this classmate "Jia Jun".

Because no one would have thought that a sect leader would come to high school to attend classes!

Now Wang Ling finally knows. Why did Gu Shunzhi stare at him and smile maliciously just now in Zhenyuan!

I bet this was planned in advance!

Although Wang Ling still didn't know the purpose of Lord Diu Lei transferring here, fortunately, the people who transferred here were also acquaintances. Wang Ling was immediately relieved of his worries.

He felt that he should have thought of this day long ago.

The head of the Office of Strategic Deception of a super sect in the world. He actually came to school and became his classmate. I’m afraid no one would believe it if I told him about it.

"Hello everyone. I hope that in the days to come, I can get along well with you, make progress together, and become good friends. Please give me your advice." On the podium, Lord Diu Lei bowed to break Wang Ling's thoughts.

"Just sit behind the last classmate Wang Ling over there." Teacher Pan pointed in the direction of Wang Ling.

Wang Ling discovered it. He really loves acting. He actually followed Teacher Pan's words and performed: "Classmate Wang Ling? Who is that classmate? Is that the pretty classmate by the window over there? ?"

"That's right. It's the one with the pretty features and the dead fish eyes." Teacher Pan said with a smile.

"..." Wang Ling.

"Okay teacher." Lord Diu Lei nodded. Then he walked behind Wang Ling with a pile of newly issued textbooks. He sat down naturally. There was an unstoppable smile on his face.

Wang Ling Got it. This is not just a long-term plan. This is how much you look forward to being a classmate with him. To be able to laugh like this idiot...





Chapter 1946 Classmate Jia Jun is too cunning


Lord Diu Lei performed this scene very well. He deliberately pretended not to know Wang Ling. Then when others couldn't see his expression, he smiled at him with a successful expression on his face.

From the beginning of the school year to now, the desk behind Wang Ling is empty except for when Guo Hao and Chen Chao sometimes come to him after class to chat about the mountains. In other cases, it is empty.

Now when I am in class, I suddenly have a pair of eyes behind my back. It really makes Wang Ling a little uncomfortable.

However, if you think about it carefully, the trick of getting this privileged seat was originally decided by Sun Rong. In other words, Lord Diu Lei is coming to high school. Sun Rong must know.

This makes Wang Ling ashamed.

Obviously, I couldn't help but tell him anything. Why didn't I tell myself this time?

Early in the morning. Wang Ling felt an indescribable depression in his heart.

Of course, even if these people never say a word to themselves, there is still one person who is extremely "loyal".

After seeing Lord Diu Lei join Class 3 of Senior High School under the false identity of "Jia Jun", Wang Ling directly sent a text message to Zhuo Yi.

The content of the text message is very simple.

There is only one "?"

Zhuo Yi understood immediately. He immediately wrote back to Wang Ling and confessed: "Master, please be patient. Zhenjun came with good intentions. After all, the old vine is difficult to deal with this time. And he seems to be You seem to know you very well. So we suspect that there is a mole in Number 60 High School. And Zhenjun entered Number 60 High School just to investigate this mole!"

"..."

Wang Ling stared at this text message for a long time. Then he turned off his phone with a snap.

He believes in a ghost!

You obviously entered Number 60 High School because you wanted to experience the life of a high school student like him!

We need to investigate the mole. Isn’t Zhenyuan in the class, Gu Shunzhi, also an insider of the Office of Strategic Deception?

Even Monk Jin Deng is now the vice principal of Number 60 High School!

Plus those from the second elite class...

Now in the entire elite class system of Number 60 High School, almost all of them are people from the Office of Strategic Deception!

Sect leader, great elder, guest minister...all the positions are here!

What a guy! A whole sect came to Number 60 High School to experience the hidden life of a private visit in private!

It's called investigating the inner ghost...investigating the ghost!

Isn’t this serious sect team building?

Wang LingThe corner of the mouth twitched. For the first time, I felt a little stomachache...

But let's make peace with it. Now that Lord Diu Lei has joined, Wang Ling has nothing to do.

Wang Ling feels that Number 60 High School is really full of big guys now. Anyone who dares to provoke them will be punished. He does not need to take action personally.

After all, even the chief security guard at the school gate is dead Heavenly Dao...

This school is really terrible!

Is it really a cultivation school that high school students can attend?

Of course, Wang Ling is not the only one who resents Lord Diu Lei's move to another school. Of course, there is also Jiang Yingying who has been coveting the desk behind Wang Ling.

She finally had the money to buy a nice desk. She still didn't want to give it up so easily.

So at noon when everyone went to the cafeteria to eat, she saw that everyone had left. She reluctantly pulled Lord Diu Lei aside for negotiation.

Lord Diu Lei didn't bother Jiang Yingying. After all, he came in playing the role of a high school student. He has unlimited curiosity and desire to perform in his current identity.

"It's you again, classmate Jiang. I've already told you this morning. I won't sell this position. And your bid is too low." Lord Diu Lei said to Jiang Yingying seriously.

Jiang Yingying thought for a moment. She frowned and replied: "I know Jia Jun. You have provided a lot of help to Number 60 High School. My little can of tea is really just a drop in the bucket compared to yours. So is there anything else?" Solution?"

After being rejected in the morning, Jiang Yingying actually held it in for a long time.

She has been wondering whether to use her grandfather Martial Saint's name to make deals with this new classmate Jia Jun.

But after thinking again and again, I finally held back.

The main reason is that she is afraid of causing unnecessary trouble to her grandfather. That is the majestic Martial Saint! She still has to use the name of Martial Saint for such a trivial matter. She really cannot afford to embarrass this person.

Of course. In fact, Lord Diu Lei also knew Jiang Yingying's identity.

He had been expecting Jiang Yingying to use his identity as Martial Saint to suppress him. As a result, the little girl struggled for a long time and still kept the matter in her mouth.

This made Lord Diu Lei a little interested in Jiang Yingying.

Although this little girl is a tiger, she is not completely tiger-like. She is not essentially a bad person.

And Lord Diu Lei had an intuition.

He felt that Jiang Yingying was actually the undercover agent placed by Mr. Teng at Number 60 High School...

But if that were the case, it would be too boring!

His high school life has just begun!

So now for Lord Diu Lei, even if Jiang Yingying is undercover, he will pretend not to know. The key is to protect Wang Ling. Just continue to guard against Jiang Yingying.

"Let's do this, classmate Jiang. I think you really want this seat. If you agree to two conditions, plus the six small cans of tea in front of you, I will agree to give you the seat." Lord Diu Lei said. .

"Conditions?" Jiang Yingying was stunned.

"You can make an oath with the Heart Demon Oath. This condition must be something you can do within your ability. And what you are asked to do is definitely not illegal or indiscipline. Selling your body and soul. But I haven't thought of asking you to do it yet. What is better? So I will wait until I think of it later." Lord Diu Lei said with a meaningful smile.

"This..."

Jiang Yingying thought carefully.

She actually felt that the price was a little too high. After all, the six small cans of tea in her hand were now her entire possessions.

Now, in order to change to a desk, not only do I have to pay all my belongings, but I also have to agree to two additional conditions that I still don’t understand.

Although Jia Jun has promised that she will not let her do anything illegal or disciplined, she is not afraid of ten thousand, just afraid of what happens...

"Don't worry, classmate Jiang Yingying, I am responsible for what I said. You can even record it. If I ask you to do something inappropriate, you can choose to expose it."

Lord Diu Lei said with a smile: "If I really want you to do something outrageous, as long as you take my recording and post it on Weibo to expose me, then I will die!"

"..."

I don’t know why. Jiang Yingying started to feel that this classmate Jia Jun seemed a bit scary.

But now in the Internet age, using the Internet to create restrictions is indeed a way to protect yourself.

"All right!"

Finally Jiang Yingying agreed to Lord Diu Lei's conditions.

"Okay. This seat will be given to you. Let's go have dinner." Lord Diu Lei shook hands with Jiang Yingying. The two reached a consensus smoothly.

Jiang Yingying has been thinking about the desk behind Wang Ling for a long time.

Now her wish finally came true. And she could finally get closer to Wang Ling!

Jiang Yingying was in a good mood while having lunch.

She felt that she had finally achieved her goal after working hard for so long.

However, when she returned to the classroom after having a good meal, Jiang Yingying found that she was still young after all...

Because Wang Ling is packing up his things and preparing to change seats.





Chapter 1947 A new way to make money by working


"Classmate Wang Ling...Why did you suddenly change positions?" Looking at the scene in front of her, Jiang Yingying couldn't believe it. At this moment, her mentality was completely shattered.

She spent all her belongings to get closer to Wang Ling. Unexpectedly, not only did this wish not come true, but she became further away from Wang Ling!

Jiang Yingying's heart was shattered. She looked at Wang Ling packing her things and preparing to move them to the place in the middle of the classroom. She felt a little mixed in her heart.

What the hell is going on?

"Classmate Jiang Yingying, you'd better give up on this idea...it's all destined."

Guo Hao spread his hands and said with a smile: "I really don't blame classmate Jia Jun and Wang Ling for this matter. It wasn't even Boss Sun who decided it for her. It was Teacher Pan."

"Teacher Pan?" Jiang Yingying was startled.

"Yes. Wang Ling is very likely to play on behalf of our school soon. The position in the middle of the classroom is the part with the strongest aura of the Spirit Gathering Array. Of course, he must be given special treatment." Guo Hao said.

"But...but it suddenly moved to the middle. Isn't it too sudden? And classmate Wang Ling has been leaning against the window. He is suddenly surrounded by people. You won't be used to it, right?" Jiang Yingying wanted to cry. No tears. I feel like I don’t know what to say.

"This is no problem." Guo Hao said mysteriously: "All desks and chairs will soon be equipped with partitions. This means that everyone will have independent partitions in the front, back, left and right. With partitions, it should be no problem. This is also good for epidemic prevention and control!"

"You're pretending to be in front...how can you teach in class!"

"It's very simple. The front partition has a built-in double-sided LCD screen. It can directly project the picture of the podium. Then the teacher can also observe our expressions through the night view screen on the back. It is no different from usual." Chen Chao said Added on the side.

"..."

Jiang Yingying was stunned. She had never thought that such black technology existed.

Although Chen Chao and Guo Hao always looked at Jiang Yingying and Wang Ling with the mentality of watching a show. They also knew that the fierce offensive against Jiang Yingying would definitely be counterattacked by Boss Sun.

But this incident happened suddenly. And there is a story. It really has nothing to do with Sun Rong.

Now Wang Ling's position was suddenly moved in front of Chen Chao. This made Jiang Yingying feel desperate.

And even if it was adjusted back later, the desk was still pretending to be a black technology baffle... This also made Jiang Yingying feel desperate.

Of course, this baffle is still limited to the elite class internal testing stage and is not directly open to the outside world. After all, the existence of the baffle will still cause a certain blind spot in the field of vision. The teacher cannot see the small movements of the students inside the baffle.

But the students in the elite class have always had strong self-discipline. So there is no need to worry about these elite students doing something illegal inside.

Jiang Yingying was actually very irritable. But at this time, she felt an inexplicable balance in her heart. Because she felt that adding this baffle would be inconvenient to Wang Ling. Sun Rong would also be inconvenient.

But it turns out that she is still young.

Student Union Office. Sun Rong made a call to Rokume Akahoko. He communicated with her in fluent Sun Island language: "Classmate Ma Jiao. Yes! I am Sun Rong. Our school has installed desk barriers. board device. So I want to ask you. Can you develop a plug-in..."

"I understand. This black technology bezel has been tested internally by our school before. I happen to have a program here that allows you to freely choose to link the screen inside the bezel to other people. This way you can observe yourself secretly The one I like!" Ma Jiao replied.

Sun Rong's face turned red immediately after hearing this. She never expected that Ma Jiao would express her thoughts so directly.

But this feeling of being understood makes Sun Rong really feel good.

Of course. Sun Rong also noticed a strange point. That is, this set of desk baffles has even been tested internally by Jiudaohe High School.

"Speaking of which, it turns out you have experienced it too." She asked immediately.

Ma Jiao knew everything and answered directly: "Yes. But the test results are actually very average. There are blind spots inside the baffle. Everyone is doing their own thing. The teacher is also very distressed. But black technology is indeed black technology." This baffle was developed by Wuyang Mansion."

"I seem to have heard of this name!"Sun Rong thought thoughtfully.

"It's the independent magic weapon research laboratory that works among various cultivation countries."

Ma Jiao said: "So this time they laid the baffles they designed directly in high schools. I think there is actually a problem. They have never cooperated with high school cultivation schools before."

"I understand. Classmate Ma Jiao is suspicious. Maybe Wuyang Mansion is related to the group of criminals who attacked Jiutian Jingmi Courtyard before?"

"It's just my suspicion. And it's still a guess without evidence. I think the possibility is very high. Because their purpose is the same. It seems to be targeting a certain high school student."

Hearing these words, Sun Rong frowned slightly.

She didn't know why she had a vague feeling.

I always feel that Wang Ling seems to have been targeted by many forces...

If this is true, it will be an unprecedented and huge crisis faced by Wang Ling.

...

After finishing the call with Ma Jiao, Sun Rong felt as if she had noticed something terrible again. However, at the moment, she did not have any evidence in her hand that showed that Wuyang Mansion was directly related to the attack on Jiutian Jingmi Courtyard.

As an independent laboratory recognized throughout the world of cultivation and dedicated to the research of cutting-edge magic technology, Wuyang Mansion has a great reputation. It was even regarded as a competitor by Wang Ming at the beginning.

As for the gang of criminals who suddenly broke into Jiutian Jingmiyuan, they have now been classified as a terrorist organization. If the Tangtang Wuyang Mansion is related to this group of people, it will be big news around the world.

So the new information that Sun Rong needs now is that we must investigate the structure of the Wuyang Mansion and find out who the director is.

With this doubt. Sun Rong seemed a little absent-minded all day today. In the evening, she put on the fox mask and met Jiang Yingying at the Office of Strategic Deception exclusive training ground.

Both of them actually have thoughts in their hearts.

Rarely, the two people who were absent-minded during the entire training process surprisingly remained silent.

Finally, it was Jiang Yingying who opened the situation: "Pretty sister, you don't seem too happy today?"

Sun Rong was stunned for a moment. Then he replied: "My boyfriend is being followed by many people. I feel very sad."

"Is it a gambling debt?"

"It's not... other reasons. He's too good."

"..."

Hearing this, Jiang Yingying also sighed: "My future boyfriend's seat was changed today. I originally paid a lot of money to sit behind him. But today, when he left, he was further away from me... "

As she spoke, she looked at Sun Rong and asked sincerely: "Pretty sister, can you tell me. Is there any way to make money quickly?"





Chapter 1948 Double Agent


Is there a way to make money by working part-time?

In fact, in the modern cultivation environment system, there are actually many ways to work and make money. It is not uncommon for high school cultivators to use their vacations to do part-time summer jobs.

And this is also an effective way to accumulate immortal fate and connections in modern cultivation society.

Sun Rong has actually always known that Jiang Yingying is short of money. This time she finally bought a beautiful desk from Lord Diu Lei. But Wang Ling changed places again. I wonder what she is doing now. Jiang Yingying is desperate.

It's the kind of despair where people and money are lost.

In fact, at this time, Sun Rong also vaguely noticed something was wrong with Jiang Yingying.

Her daily life is so tight. How could she suddenly have such a valuable small pot of tea on her body to make a deal with Lord Diu Lei...

And from the small pot of tea, I’m afraid you’ll soon be reminded of the Jiutian Teahouse! That’s Teng Lao’s base!

In other words, Jiang Yingying is most likely the undercover agent lurking in Number 60 High School that the core members of the Office of Strategic Deception are currently looking for.

After discovering this astonishing fact, Sun Rong fell silent for a moment. It was exactly the same as Lord Diu Lei's previous reaction.

Because it was too easy to find this undercover agent!

No challenge at all!

Sun Rong felt ashamed. She felt that Lord Diu Lei should have realized Jiang Yingying's true identity long ago. Now he was just teasing Jiang Yingying... He didn't want to end his high school experience card so soon.

"Yingying, you are too naive." At this time, Sun Rong sighed meaningfully to Jiang Yingying.

Come to think of it, Jiang Yingying himself is also to blame for this matter.

Knowing clearly that this small pot of tea is from Jiutian Teahouse, but still making a deal openly. Isn't this just rushing to give out Mr. Teng's business card to everyone?

Maybe even Teng Lao didn't expect Jiang Yingying to be discovered so soon.

"Hey. I just know that I am easily deceived. So I hope that the pretty lady can give me some advice... and introduce me to some reliable jobs." Jiang Yingying said.

"But in this case, you have to take care of school, training and working at night. It will be very hard." Under the fox mask, Sun Rong's expression was very complicated: "Your grandfather will definitely feel bad if he knows about it."

"I don't want to cause trouble to grandpa, so I ask the pretty sister to keep it a secret for me. And with the pretty sister here, I don't think others can bully me." Jiang Yingying said innocently and romantically.

Sun Rong thought for a while and finally nodded: "Let's do it. I'll introduce you to a job that's not too tiring. Just go and help look after the store after training with me every day. When customers come over, you can help with the sales. Something. You can earn a minimum of 1,000 yuan a night. If your sales are high, you will get an additional 20% commission. Our training ends at 8pm. You can work until 0pm."

"The hourly wage is very high! What's the price?" Jiang Yingying laughed instantly.

She thinks this job is very good. It doesn't take up time. The key is that she can really make money! The daily guarantee is 1,000 yuan + 20% commission. As long as she works hard, she can also become a rich woman!

"Ahem. It just sells tea. It's a shop opened by a friend of mine." Sun Rong answered.

"Oh! So it's this. I'm familiar with this! I can do this job!" Jiang Yingying nodded. He said confidently: "Where is the address?"

"Do you know the Jiutian Teahouse in Zhuquemen? This Xinde Teahouse is just opposite the Jiutian Teahouse."

"..." Jiang Yingying was stunned for a moment when she heard this.

Although she had heard about KFC and McDonald's Law early on, she never thought that a tea shop could also open opposite.

Doesn't this mean that she and Mr. Teng are competing for business...

The key is that she thought hard. She had passed Jiutian Teahouse several times before, but she had never seen another teahouse opposite the teahouse...

Eight o'clock in the evening. Training ends.

Sun Rong said goodbye to Jiang Yingying. She watched Jiang Yingying leave. Then she immediately called Jiang Xiaoche: "Brother Xiaoche. How is the situation?"

"Don't worry. Everything is ready according to your instructions.

We have opened a new teahouse opposite Jiutian Teahouse." Jiang Xiaoche quickly replied. "Okay, I'm sorry, brother Xiaoche. You should be quick."

"It's okay! It's all within my duties. But can I ask? Miss, why do you suddenly want to open a teahouse?"

"Hey, it's okay. She's just a friend of mine. I think she's pitiful, so I opened a teahouse and let her work. That's all."

"Then why didn't the lady just open it directly? Instead, she commissioned a..."

"I have my own arrangements. Brother Xiaoche, just pretend you don't know anything." Sun Rong smiled.

"..."

Jiang Xiaoche was stunned after hearing this.

What kind of poor friend is he? And he still needs a lady to "give alms" in such a roundabout way?

I don't know why. Jiang Xiaoche has a vague feeling of ominous premonition.

However, he had already made arrangements for the teahouse. He also followed Sun Rong's instructions and opened the shop using the identity of "Jia Guang".

Jiang Xiaoche also went to investigate specifically who Jia Guang was.

After a long journey, he discovered that this man was the father of the new transfer student from Number 60 High School. And he heard that this man was a very wealthy upstart.

So what is the connection between the young lady and this upstart?

Jiang Xiaoche found that he could not read Sun Rong more and more.

In other words, there is already a feeling that Sun Rong is getting further and further away.

He watched Sun Rong grow up. In the past, Sun Rong knew everything about him and even said that he was very dependent on him. But now Jiang Xiaoche has found that there are more and more things about his young lady. An elusive secret.

...

Just like that, Jiang Yingying started her part-time job plan that night. On the way here, she even thought that this might be some kind of hint.

The beautiful lady is from the Office of Strategic Deception. Now I introduced her to a teahouse job. And then this teahouse happened to open opposite Jiutian Teahouse...

Jiang Yingying thought about it carefully in her heart. She always felt that there seemed to be a problem somewhere.

She is well aware of her identity as a spy.

Since she was here to get information from Teng Lao... so about the identity of the store owner, she felt that she needed to take advantage of her part-time job to get a deeper understanding. Maybe she could learn something.

According to the address, she found the location of the teahouse. Jiang Yingying almost felt insane because she found that it was really an old teahouse in a remote corner of Zhuquemen Street.

There is no teahouse sign. There is just an inconspicuous word "tea" written on an extremely shabby-looking flag.

This flag was deliberately made by Sun Rong by Jiang Xiaoche to make it look inconspicuous. It feels like this teahouse has been here for a long time.

"Stop hanging around the door. It's here. Come in."

Just when Jiang Yingying was stunned, the long-lost voice of Taoist Guang suddenly came from the teahouse...

...

ps: Taoist Guang. Original name: Pang Guang. An old cultivator who appeared in Chapter 393. He was trapped in the magic weapon because he failed to be promoted to Venerated Immortal. He was later rescued by Wang Ling and saw through the secular practice. Determined to stay in the magic weapon ring. Li An works as an online game anchor.





Chapter 1949 Spirit World 2 Internal Tests


A very familiar voice. Jiang Yingying's expression was obviously stunned.

She was suspicious. Logically speaking, she had never met the owner of this unknown teahouse. But she didn't know why, but she always felt that the voice was very familiar. It seemed like a familiar voice. And it was the kind of voice that she often heard.

After entering the teahouse store, Jiang Yingying began to carefully examine the interior decoration. The old display cabinets and pure wooden mahogany tables and chairs gave off a strong sense of simplicity. It really made people feel as if this unknown teahouse had already been here. I have had this illusion for a long time.

At this time, a human figure was projected on a rectangular wooden board hanging above the display cabinet. Jiang Yingying was startled. This was not an ordinary wooden board. On the surface, a simulation spell was used to assimilate an electronic LCD screen into an The look of a wooden board.

"Today, your task is to visit the store and attract customers in your own way. There is a tea list under the display cabinet. The types of tea on the tea cans have been marked. The method of making tea is on the notepad at the front desk. Here, you can just understand it yourself." Taoist Guang said seriously.

"Senior, I would like to ask...have we met somewhere?" Jiang Yingying stared at the mimic board for a long time.

"I'm that game anchor. What's all the fuss about." Daoist Guang said calmly.

"It's really you, senior..." Jiang Yingying was shocked. He didn't expect that the owner of this unknown teahouse was actually the internet celebrity game anchor.

"Develop a side business. There's nothing wrong with that."

Guang Daoren replied: "E-sports is a bowl of rice for youth. Many times after this age, if you can't make money, you can't live. So you should take advantage of the spare time and develop more side businesses."

"But senior, you are already old..."

"Look at the cultivators who have been cultivating for fifty or sixty years in the middle of the night and are galloping in the Canyon of Kings. Although I am a little bit older than them, I am still getting stronger with age."

Taoist Guang chuckled and said, "Wang Meili is my old friend. If she hadn't strongly recommended you, I wouldn't have used this little girl like you."

"Senior, don't worry. I will do it well. I also know the tea ceremony. I will definitely be able to run the business here well. It's just soliciting customers..." Jiang Yingying was ashamed. She actually didn't expect to have a job of soliciting customers.

Isn't this a clear attempt to steal business from Mr. Teng?

For a moment, Jiang Yingying suddenly felt in a dilemma.

But just when she was struggling, Taoist Guang suddenly said: "Solicit customers. I won't force you. But after all, your salary is also linked to sales. How many customers and sales you can attract depends on your own ability." If you want to earn the guaranteed 1,000 yuan, I won't say anything to you."

To be honest, these words awakened Jiang Yingying.

yes...

1,000 yuan a day is actually not enough. She lost all her wealth to buy a fancy desk this time!

According to the unscrupulous update speed of the author of {The Daily Life of the Immortal King}, she earns 1,000 yuan a day from the book. It would take years and months to make back the money!

And in order to carry out the investigation smoothly, the most important task now is to raise funds... and the matter of raising funds cannot be noticed by Teng Lao. If Teng Lao knows that she used six exorbitantly priced small cans of tea to replace desks and chairs. I was afraid that I would become so angry that I would develop high blood pressure on the spot.

"Don't worry, Senior Guang. I will do my job well! I will be the sales queen from now on!" Jiang Yingying said confidently with Taoist Guang.

...

At night. Wang Ling was lying on the bed. Quietly watching the second hand of the wall clock in the room rotate in circles.

Now he is basically sure. The so-called internal test in the spirit world is actually a test specially designed for him by Teng Lao. It is not really intended to select talents for the Earth Center Plan from the younger generation of elite cultivators.

Regarding the list of the Geocentric Plan, Shangfeng should have decided it long ago. And this round of internal testing in the spirit world is mainly aimed at themselves.

Today during the day Wang Ling received the news of the second internal beta test of the spiritual world.

This time there were more people than last time. In addition to the new people, those who failed to complete the assessment in the last test also completed the supplementary test under the guidance of Jing Heqiu. Results Those who pass will also join the second closed beta. It's just this second time. Wang Ling I don't know what kind of method the old vine will use to test himself.

Having experience from the last confrontation, Teng Luchen should be able to do it more seamlessly this time.

Wang Ling lay on the bed for a while. A series of vibrations on his phone reminded him. The chatty Li Changzhe bombarded him with text messages again.

"Tomorrow is the second spirit world closed beta! Wang Ling Brothers, we are going to meet again!" He said excitedly. He sent several grinning emoticons in succession.

"..."

Helpless. Wang Ling could only reply with an ellipsis indifferently.

But at the same time, he had doubts in his mind.

Li Changzhe has already returned to Jinghua City after completing the first internal test. So he has to come to Songhai City again for the second internal test?

Wang Ling was speechless. After all, he was a student from a top-ranked cultivation school. The round-trip immortal boat ticket must have cost a lot of money.

How many packs of crispy noodles can I buy with just this travel fee? It’s such a waste!

Wang Ling The corners of his mouth twitched. His heart ached.

Wang Ling stared at the screen for a long time. He did not type. He stared at the screen and watched as the [The other person is typing...] above WeChat kept dimming.

The next moment, Li Changzhe sent over another large amount of text. His hand speed was astonishing: "You don't know yet? It is said to better contact students from all over the world to participate in the internal testing of the spirit world. Now the city teleportation array has been activated. Only authorized people are eligible. Foreign students participating in internal testing."

City teleportation array?

Wang Ling was surprised.

Because under normal circumstances, mechanisms such as city teleportation arrays will not be activated easily. Teleportation arrays in major cities are usually activated only when the cultivator country enters combat readiness mode or launches a large-scale cultivator military exercise.

Obviously. It is possible to directly activate the city teleportation array to provide backup protection in time and location for students who are testing in the spirit world. Such strength is impossible to achieve without ten generals and one level.

I'm afraid it's the result of the manipulation behind the scenes by that old man again.

What medicine is this old gentleman selling in his gourd?

Wang Ling was suspicious.

And Li Changzhe always seems to have a wealth of information. I don't know why. Wang Ling even has the feeling that the other party is intentionally sending information to me.

At this time, Li Changzhe said again: "By the way Wang Ling. There is another thing you may not know yet. I heard that the second spiritual world internal test will also have a system reward mechanism implanted. This means that in this spiritual world internal test, Every decision you make will be rewarded. There are high-level spell scrolls, high-quality magic weapons, and high-level elixirs!"

Wang Ling was silent for a moment. Then he replied with the word "oh".

To him, as long as there are no high-quality crispy noodles, these prizes are all garbage...





Chapter 1950 Teng Luchen’s Test


Thursday, January 16th. Teng Luchen successfully received the video information of the first internal beta test of the spirit world from Jing Heqiu.

According to the content provided in this video material, Wang Ling hardly made much contribution during an internal beta test in the spirit world. He just sat there and took care of Li Changzhe.

On the other hand, Rokume Akahoko from Sun Island led his troops to kill everyone.

What surprised Teng Luchen even more was that the weapon of Rokume Akahoko was actually Qu Shuling and Li Changzhe who fainted!

In the video, this girl is holding up the ankles of two men. She treats them as spiritual swords and wields two giant humanoid swords to kill everyone on the scene...

For a moment, Teng Luchen and Jing Heqiu were speechless. Their jaws dropped. They were completely shocked by Rokume Akahoko's performance.

Teng Luchen imagined countless scenes. Before getting the video, he was even looking forward to Wang Ling's performance. As a result, this girl from Sun Island took all the limelight.

"How could this happen..."

Jing Heqiu scratched his head: "Teng Lao, are you sure this kid is the hidden master you have been eyeing for many years? It's not like that at all. He made no contribution at all in this scene. You had previously doubted whether he was providing hints to others. Manipulating the game behind the scenes. But it doesn't look like it now..."

Providing hints and assisting teammates. In fact, he was in the dark controlling the entire game. This was Teng Luchen's initial guess about Wang Ling's positioning.

He believes that the reason Number 60 High School can win again and again is all because of the secret help of Wang Ling.

But judging from the video just now, Wang Ling does not obviously provide hints. Moreover, it does not convey fluctuations in heart sounds.

The system in the spirit world comes with a telepathic monitoring device. If students participating in the competition use sound transmission to communicate, they will be captured by the magical device.

Even if the complete conversation was not captured, at least there were fluctuations in the magic weapon. This can prove that someone used the sound transmission technique.

However, in the current system, the monitoring part related to the sound transmission technology can almost be described as "no troubles".

To put it bluntly, even if Wang Ling really manipulated the game, a normal person's brain circuit would never think of using two unconscious people as weapons to hit spiritual beasts...

And this is too out there. It does not conform to Teng Luchen’s basic positioning of Wang Ling.

All I can say is that Rokume Akahoko is truly a cultivator trained by the island country. His ideas are novel.

"Xiaoqiu. You may not quite understand my guess. But I really think there is something wrong with this person."

Teng Luchen's unyielding attitude surprised Jing Heqiu.

So far, they still haven't caught any clues about Wang Ling. Except for the last time the Office of Strategic Deception acted rashly as if to cover Wang Ling, they can't find any other clues. The mistake was made.

Even Teng Luchen was prepared to prevent himself from losing his memory. However, the information wall has not been put to use yet.

"Teng Lao..."

Jing Heqiu sighed: "There is something I want to say. I don't know whether I should say it or not."

"You said."

"Teng Lao. I just don't understand. Even if this person really has a problem. He is a hidden master you think. Then why does Teng Lao have to dig him out and make him public?"

Jing Heqiu stood up, bowed, and said respectfully: "Even if you are hiding in the city, as long as you have the world in your heart and your heart is bright, you can still contribute to the country. If the other person is really a hidden master, you and I Testing it twice. It is actually a very rude behavior."

Hearing these words, Teng Luchen fell into silence for a while.

He felt that what Jing Heqiu said was indeed reasonable.

But for so many years, he continued to track down Wang Ling. It has almost become an obsession.

After a moment of silence, Teng Luchen stood up. Youyou said: "Xiaoqiu, I know what you are saying. But there is one thing you misunderstood. I don't want to make him public to the world. Since he is a talent, of course I have to treat him well." It was protected. How could I not know that it should be made public to the world?

It's a risk. "But why did Mr. Teng..."

"You have the right to do it. This is a game I play to prove myself."

Teng Luchen frowned and smiled: "I have been in the world of cultivation for so many years. I still have the ability to recognize people. I don't believe it. This is the second closed beta. Can he still do it flawlessly?"

...

Compared with the last closed beta of Spirit World, this time’s closed beta doesn’t have so many bells and whistles.

All students who pass the test will be issued an electronic bracelet from the spirit world. Wang Ling's electronic bracelet was accidentally broken last time, so Wang Ming secretly sent him another one. It can be considered a perfect fit.

Songhai City has established a teleportation chain with the city as the limited area. As soon as the spirit world test is opened, all students wearing the spirit world electronic bracelets within Songhai City will be immediately teleported into the spirit world no matter where they are. middle.

When the second transmission was completed, Wang Ling looked at the time.

4397. Thursday, January 16. 18:00:01...

This is the time when school is over. Wang Ling was teleported away as soon as he arrived home.

And the number of people participating in the second spiritual world internal beta was obviously more than the last time.

The familiar mission wooden house. The familiar Huaxiu flag fluttering in the wind. Everyone gathered in front of the electronic screen in the wooden house. This time, the words "Underground Proving Ground Number 2-111" were displayed on the screen.

"It seems that this time it is a single-person mission. 111 is the most special number of people in the mission." With the experience from the last time and Zhang Linyan's knowledge of the spiritual world these days, she explained to everyone.

"That is to say, we are all fighting separately this time?" Li Changzhe asked. His voice was too careless. Wang Ling Even if he didn't look, he knew it was him.

"It's said to be a single-player mission. But actually it's the total points in the final calculation."

Zhang Linyan said: "The electronic bracelets we wear on our hands are based on the country of cultivation. In other words, although everyone fights individually, we still have to score as many points as possible after entering the trial field. This can ensure that the total points are higher. The rest of the Cultivation Country’s representative teams. I just don’t know what the content of this test will be..."

Last time they were collectively trapped in a desert oasis. Without any prompting, they were asked to cross the desert to a distant city.

I don’t know what kind of problems the authorities will pose for them this time...

But for the second internal beta test of the spiritual world, everyone is eager to try it.

Because in this internal beta test of the spiritual world, all the rewards obtained during the mission can be brought out! In other words, as long as they are good enough, they can get unexpected cultivation resources and various kinds in this second internal beta test of the spiritual world. Benefits!

However, although everyone was eager to give it a try at this time, Wang Ling's face remained calm.

The elevator to the trial site has a maximum number of people. Qu Shuling was the first to press the elevator button and enter. There were many people following Qu Shuling.

Because they are fighting on their own. Even if the same batch of elevators enter, there is a high probability that they will be scattered to different coordinates of the Number 2 Proving Ground.

More than twenty people.

Wang Ling was the last group to enter the elevator.

The one following him was Zhang Linyan.

The other one is Li Changzhe.

He heard Li Changzhe say before that this second spiritual world internal test is selective. Wang Ling didn't understand what this meant at first.

As a result, when the three of them entered the elevator.

Suddenly. Wang Ling felt the electronic bracelet on his hand vibrate.

Then the next second, in Wang Ling's sight, three choices suddenly appeared.

[Option 1: Hold Li Changzhe’s hand. Perform the mission with him. You will be transported to the same coordinates as him and experience the profoundness of Chinese culture. Mission reward: a random high-grade spiritual weapon]

[Option 2: Hold Zhang Linyan’s hand. Perform the mission with her. You will be transported to the same coordinates as her and develop a relationship. Mission reward: a random high-grade spiritual weapon]

[Option 3: Ignore anyone. Perform the mission alone. Mission reward: A random high-grade immortal weapon, or just a packet of noodles.]

"..."

Wang Ling stared at the options. He was dumbfounded.

Good guy. It turns out this is here. Waiting for you...





Chapter 1951 Crazy temptation for Wang Ling


The three choices spread out in front of him made Wang Ling fall into silence. Now he completely understood what Li Changzhe meant by the "selective reward" he had said to him before.

Three options. He must make a choice. Although the reward for choice Number 3 does look very tempting, Wang Ling clearly knows that this is actually a test for him by Teng Luchen.

This is the choice before entering Trial Ground Number 2. Facing an unknown trial. A normal person would definitely choose a partner to go with him for stability.

You should know that all the rewards obtained in this trial can be taken back!

And a prudent choice can not only get help from partners, but also get a high-grade spiritual weapon for free, leaving sufficient guarantee for the unknown trials that follow.

If you ignore the first two options, Wang Ling directly chooses to go alone. Following Teng Luchen's logic, Wang Ling feels that he is very likely to be trapped.

That Teng Laobao wanted to observe whether he dared to go on the road alone.

He stared at choice number three, feeling itchy in his heart. At the same time, he was confused about which of the first two choices should be better.

As a result, at this time, Wang Ling found that his left and right hands were being held by Zhang Linyan and Li Changzhe at the same time: "Wang Ling. Let's hit the road together!"

Wang Ling: "..."

At the same time, on the other side, when the voices of Li Changzhe and Qu Shuling came in unison.

In front of the surveillance screen, Teng Luchen's expression twitched: "What's going on...I didn't just open the choice to this classmate Wang! Why did this classmate Li and classmate Zhang also receive the choice at the same time? Question?"

"This system is newly developed by Teng Lao. It was put into use directly without testing. There may be a bug... According to Teng Lao, do you want to temporarily take the selection system offline. Let us check it carefully." A staff member from the research laboratory asked.

"Troubleshooting? It's too late. The day lilies are cold. That's all. Just continue to arrange multiple-choice questions to make things difficult for this classmate Wang."

Teng Luchen said: "By the way. If you don't make a choice in time, how will you deal with it?"

Staff: "Generally, a choice needs to be made within 30 seconds. If there is no choice, it will be regarded as giving up the reward. If there is no choice for more than three times, it will be regarded as a negative game. At that time, the mission will be declared failed and eliminated. "

"So classmate Wang has wasted an opportunity?"

"It doesn't count...because now the other two students have chosen him. The system directly determines that he chose both options Number 1 and Number 2 at the same time. And he got two high-grade spiritual weapons."

"..."

Hearing this, Teng Luchen and Jing Heqiu wiped their sweat at the same time. They never expected that the plot would develop in this way.

Teng Luchen felt that he was clearly the one who arranged the script. Why did he feel like he was being arranged by Wang Ling in turn?

...

Wang Ling actually didn't expect that he was so popular. He was grabbed by two people at the same time.

Then there was nothing more. What was originally a single-person mission turned into a three-person mission in an instant.

Li Changzhe and Zhang Linyan each held Wang Ling's arm. Then they were teleported to an open space on a dilapidated mountain peak.

Wang Ling found that they were all put into rough linen clothes belonging to the sect on this mountain peak.

"Interesting. It seems that the Number 2 trial site is scripted. The three of us have become disciples of the Good People Sect." Li Changzhe laughed. He pointed at the two huge "Good People" on the back of Zhang Linyan's linen clothes and said .

"It's so ugly."

Zhang Linyan complained. It happened to be heard by a senior brother here.

The young man with the mark "Elder Brother of the Good Man Sect" on his head immediately frowned: "What are you still doing? Why don't you hurry up and get ready on the futon! Wait for the leader to come to hold the morning meeting!"

"She didn't mean it. Senior brother, don't blame her." Li Changzhe bowed. He was very playful. It really seemed like he had completely taken on the role.

"That's good.

Today's morning meeting is very important. You must listen carefully." After the explanation, the senior brother Haorenfeng finished his explanation and sat in the center of the first row. Wang Ling and others knew it well. This trial There is no countdown. I’m afraid you have to follow the prompts of the following NPCs to perform specific tasks.

At this time, the first ray of sunshine in the morning fell on the melodious mountain peak. The misty fog swept away in an instant, shrouding this good man peak in a warm spiritual light.

At this moment, a looming cloud appeared on the Good Man Peak.

An immortal old man with wind and bone came riding on the clouds.

With something ethereal and a bit mysterious, it landed in the open space next to the Bamboo Forest Villa on Haoren Peak. Facing the crowd of Wang Ling.

After he appeared, he made a precise ****. He stuck his butt to his futon with great skill.

Then he started singing:

The Good Man Sect on the Good Man Peak. The path of immortality is impermanent and requires hard work.

Accumulating good deeds and cultivating immortal virtues will make the Tao and Dharma empty.

Thanks to the decree of King Hunyuan Wuji Immortal, he will bless the world of cultivation for generations to come.

All disciples need to remember that no matter when and where, everyone must not forget these four immortal Wang Zhen's words.

These are the four sentences that King Immortal personally gave to my Haoren Peak Haoren Sect back then. No other sect has such treatment...

"Master. Has our sect really produced an immortal king?"

A pure and pleasant-looking female disciple raised her hand. Her name was Su Qiaoer. She had only been in the sect for a short period of time. It had only been a year. She was not particularly familiar with the "corporate culture" of the Haoren Sect.

Over the past year, she has been practicing with her fellow disciples. She has been repeating this morning practice session day after day. Listening to these four familiar immortal Wang Zhen sayings, she feels like her delicate ears are getting calluses. .

She had been holding this question in her mind for a long time. Today she finally summoned the courage to ask the headmaster of the Hao Ren Sect.

The old headmaster’s surname is Hao. His single name has the character for sword.

In response to this question, the old master of the Haoren Sect stroked his long beard and replied calmly: "Qiaoer's question is good. The immortal king is the highest level in the world of cultivation today. If you become an immortal king, you can become the world and integrate with the universe. As one body. No different from gods... And the reason why my Haoren Sect received four mantras from the immortal king is not because there was an immortal king."

"What's that for?"

All the disciples couldn't help but show curious eyes.

"Ahem. It's because the first headmaster of the Haoren Sect and the Immortal King are Taoist lovers."

The old headmaster cleared his throat, shook his fly whisk and replied: "It's a pity. Since the modernization of cultivation, the tall buildings that have been rising up around us have destroyed the spiritual feng shui around our Haoren Peak. The Haoren Sect originally occupied the The spiritual energy around the place that is conducive to first-class cultivation is getting weaker and weaker..."

It was a rare occasion for the old head master to talk about the history of the sect with everyone. Su Qiaoer sat on the futon. Her fair face looked like she was thinking hard. She seemed to be trying hard to understand the sect's past: "Then head master, why don't we Change place?"

"Haoren Peak, the Haoren Sect has been established for more than a thousand years. We must not abandon it easily. Although our Haoren Peak is incompatible with the surrounding sects, at least it is within this Donghuang City. It is just a little bit off location..."

The old leader laughed uncontrollably: "But don't worry, everyone. Although the Haoren Sect is located in the 10th Ring Road of Donghuang City, the 10th Ring Road also has the advantages of the 10th Ring Road. At least it is quiet and comfortable. And it is outside the 10th Ring Road. I The Good People Sect also has a certain right to speak."

"As long as everyone remembers the four mantras of the Immortal King. Practice hard. Practice day and night. Sooner or later, you will be successful in practice. Practice the Foundation Building, form the Golden Core, condense the Nascent Soul, and then become immortal."

"If you can touch the Immortal King's Avenue, it will be the glory that will shine on the lintel of the world of cultivation for thousands of generations..."

"Then, Master, what is your current level?"

"Ahem... Practitioners don't tell lies. My teacher is still a few hundred million points away from Nascent Soul. It should be not far away."

A little bit?

All said so.

It seems like it can't be fake.

He is worthy of being a master teacher!

When the disciples heard this, they suddenly regained some confidence in the Haoren Sect.

"Let's not talk about this anymore. As usual, we will enter the last step."

At this moment, the old headmaster shook his fly whisk. After a burst of dense immortal light appeared, a simple eight-immortal altar suddenly came into view like magic.

This eight-immortal table was taken out by Master Hao from the space magic weapon.

On the table is a wooden tablet plated with gold powder and written with the words "The Immortal King of Hunyuan Wuji". There is an incense burner in the center. On the left and right sides are some immortal fruits such as spiritual peaches and jade apples.

In addition, there is a portrait behind the wooden tablet.

It is said that this is a portrait of the Immortal King. However, the disciples could only see the clothes of the Immortal King. They could not see clearly the specific appearance of the legendary Immortal King.

Because the appearance of the immortal king is a mosaic.

At this time, Li Changzhe frowned and said using the team voice technique: "This portrait is full of mana. I can't see through it at all. It's very strong!"

Zhang Linyan nodded and said: "Yes. Me too! I can't see through it at all. Our spiritual power is still too low! Wang Ling What about you? Can you see it?"

Just a moment. Three options appeared in front of Wang Ling.

[Choice 1: Tell everyone what the mosaic is. I can see it clearly. Mission reward: One Golden Core of Humanity.]

[Option 2: Echo that what you see is also a mosaic. Mission reward: a random privilege card.]

[Choice 3: Tell everyone. I am the immortal king! Mission reward: One Heavenly DaoGolden Core. Three random privilege cards.]

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 1952 The 0-level game of Wang Ling


Regarding Teng Luchen’s thoughts. Wang Ling’s heart is like a mirror. To others, the internal beta test in the spirit world is just an ordinary elite trial.

But for Wang Ling, the essence of this internal beta is actually a psychological game.

Faced with a choice for the first time. Wang Ling was lucky enough to get through. If you passively wait for the options to disappear every time, the behavior of directly giving up the choice is actually a negative competition mentality.

After all, if you fail to make an immediate choice three times in a row, you will be forcibly eliminated.

With Teng Luchen's suspicious personality, Wang Ling felt that if he acted too negatively, he might be suspected.

So this time he had to make his own decision.

Just as the thirty-second timer in the upper right corner was about to end. Wang Ling chose two. In this case, it is always right to follow the people around and echo. The portrait with surging mana is obviously Teng Luchen's right. Another test of my own.

Why...

This old man is so cunning.

Wang Ling breathed a sigh of relief and sighed in his heart. He has never met such a difficult person.

But for the present plan, we have to take one step at a time.

Wang Ling actually has a lot of trump cards. If it comes to threatening his identity, he can use them one after another to make Teng Luchen retreat.

But now he feels that he doesn't need to be so anxious to show off his skills. It's still good to play with this little old man.

Teng Luchen has a noble status. Being able to become the commander-in-chief of the Earth Center Project at this age shows that his strength is extraordinary.

The reason why Wang Ling is willing to continue playing with him is because he still has the intention to make him one of his own.

If Teng Luchen joins, the development after Zhuo Yi will be even more unhindered.

Of course Wang Ling also knew that he was in danger if he kept playing with him like this. In fact, he was also in danger.

But there is no other way. He has nothing but many trump cards.

Just wait until the game is ruined and then find a way to end it.

After the morning meeting, Wang Ling followed the guidance of Senior Brother Haorenfeng with a slightly serious mood. Along with a few scattered disciples, they came to the sect cafeteria. A very dilapidated bamboo house. Several futons were placed there. On the shore.

Today, Haoren Peak had the usual steamed buns, pickles and a bowl of porridge.

"Brother, are there no crabs?" Li Changzhe asked weakly. He sincerely thanked the great poverty alleviation strategy of modern cultivation society.

Now the whole country of Huaxiu has been lifted out of poverty. Even the worst cultivation sect's morning meal will not only be full of pickles with so little water. Even if it is a script designed in the spirit world... this design is too exaggerated. Got it!

"My sect master just remembers the bitter and thinks of the sweet. The Tao is the most simple. You have been here for so long and you still don't understand this truth?" Obviously, Li Changzhe's unintentional words offended the senior brother of Haoren Peak.

The senior brother put his strong arms on his waist and immediately began to reprimand: "If you really can't stay in our Haoren Peak anymore, you can follow the example of the traitor Senior Brother Qi and go down the mountain! Go and join a stronger sect!"

"Senior brother, don't be angry. He just has such a temper. He just made a faux pas unintentionally. It was not intentional." Zhang Linyan quickly smoothed things over.

Wang Ling was watching a play. In my heart, I felt the reality of this spiritual script. These cultivators are not illusions designed by the system. They are real cultivators. They are also real actors. They are people of flesh and blood.

Wang Ling guesses. These people should have been arranged into the spirit world a long time ago. And everyone performs their own duties and has their own work. Just like the actors who play various NPCs in modern secret rooms.

Such acting skills can be seen as someone from an orthodox academic background. It is also too real...

"By the way, senior brother. Do you know why senior brother Qi came down the mountain to betray us?" At this time, Zhang Linyan followed the senior brother's words and continued to ask.

Wang Ling and others know it well. Now we have entered the stage of the main plot.

The senior brother sat down on the side and took a bite of the steamed bun. He sighed deeply and said, "Why else?

Of course, it is to stand out in the sect competition three days later. At that time, the twenty-one peaks nearby will compete. The overall strength of our Haoren Peak is at the bottom. "Because there is a team competition. He knows that with the strength of our entire peak With all our combined strength, we can't survive the group stage. So of course we left."

"Look at how many people we have in Haoren Peak now. Me, the three of you, plus Qiaoer and the headmaster. There are only six people in total..."

...

Listening to Senior Brother's bitter voice, Wang Ling couldn't help but shake his head.

It's true that Good Man's Peak is too poor. And Wang Ling just observed the entire map of the Number 2 Proving Ground from a God's perspective through King's Eyes.

It seems that only the Haoren Sect on Haoren Peak is the most primitive sect. It still retains this rather simple ancient cultivation temperament. The other twenty peaks have basically entered modernization!

And Wang Ling just happened to see Qu Shuling when she switched perspectives. She was wearing a suit and punching in with her work badge on the Wuxiang Peak next door!

Good guys. They came to the spirit world to eat porridge and pickles...

Qu Shuling directly found a place to work.

Wang Ling was silent in his heart. This Good Man Sect is indeed too primitive...

However, after listening to the introduction just now by Senior Brother. Wang Ling, Li Changzhe and Zhang Linyan also understood the final mission of this trial.

I'm afraid it will be the so-called sect competition in three days.

In other words, within three days, they must collect as many magic weapons and cultivation resources as possible to increase their combat power.

At this time, the three Wang Ling looked at each other. Although they didn't exchange anything, their eyes had already shown a tacit understanding.

Wang Ling thought about it carefully. He felt that the system distribution in the spiritual world should take into account checks and balances.

After all, this time it was originally a solo mission. The difficulty of the solo mission is bound to increase. Without other companions to discuss with, you have to explore everything by yourself.

But the situation here at Wang Ling was completely different. As soon as he landed, three people were bound...

A three-person mission. Then the starting location assigned is bound to be the worst.

The poor Good Man Sect on this dilapidated Good Man Peak... everything looks so hopeless. It seems there is no chance of winning at all.

However, Wang Ling is very calm inside.

To him, this is just a game.

And with Li Changzhe and Zhang Linyan here, there are still people who will take the blame for him.

It would be very difficult for Wang Ling to really perform the task alone.

"Okay. I see that everyone has eaten and drank enough. In order to prepare for the sect competition in three days, I think it is still necessary to conduct special training. Next, I will take everyone to the designated trial place." Senior Brother said.

Wang Ling: "..."

So this is. Trial within trial?

The senior brother of Haoren Peak said it very easily. But in fact, when they actually arrived at the place of trial, Wang Ling the three of them could not help but feel their hearts skip a beat.

Because this is a mine that is steaming everywhere. Because it is a volcano, the surrounding environment is extremely humid and sultry. And their trial mission this time is to excavate fire stones in this mine.

When the mine owner saw them coming, he immediately acted like a boss and smiled arrogantly at the newcomers who had just joined the mine.

There were several people standing next to him. One of the attendants immediately stood up and said: "Look at the faces of the mine owner and us from now on. When the mine owner comes, he is here to inspect the work. Look at the work badges. Who is in charge except us? You are all in trouble."

"Let me introduce you. This is the director of our mine engineering department. Call me manager."

"Hello, manager." Some scattered sounds came from the mine.

"Let's not be lazy during the day."

The manager cleared his throat. He chuckled and said, "When you are sleepy and tired, think more about yourselves and your sect. There will be a sect competition in three days. We are the sponsors. Your sect only has loans." This fund is used to participate in the competition. Otherwise, you have no choice but to withdraw. So work hard. But you must fill the hole in this loan as soon as possible. Otherwise, your sect will only become poorer and poorer."





Chapter 1953: How can I punish the senior brother?


The manager next to the mine owner looked like a rich man and spoke extremely arrogantly about the sponsorship of the sect competition.

Wang Ling and others then realized that Haorenfeng had taken out a loan to participate in the sect competition...

"You guys need to know that cultivation is always hard work. Don't look at the hard work in this mine. In fact, it requires the most physical strength and patience. If you dig out a fire spirit stone of good quality, there will be additional Bonus. That manager Ma looks fierce, but he is actually not such a bad person." The good senior brother said to the Wang Ling three people with a sincere look on his face.

Wang Ling The three of them looked at each other. They all had the same intuition. That was that this senior brother was probably being raped by the manager of the mine.

And why is this routine of taking out a loan to participate in a sect competition and then being deceived into working part-time because the money is not paid so familiar?

You must know that any loan carries interest. And the wool comes from the sheep... Just by digging the fire spirit stone to pay back the money, you will never be able to pay back the snowballing interest of the other party.

However, the senior brother also said a way. That is to unearth high-grade fire spirit stones of excellent quality. However, being able to unearth such high-grade fire spirit stones really depends on luck.

In a mine, the areas where high-grade spiritual stones can be excavated are generally deep in the mine. Even in shallow layers, there is a certain probability of shipment, but this is very slim.

Now several of them are arranged to mine in the shallow layer. It is obvious that the black-hearted owner of this mine did this deliberately. In this way, they may not be able to pay off the sect's debts after digging here for a lifetime.

Don't mention it. Wang Ling thinks this script arrangement is quite educational.

You can get a loan, but first you have to measure your repayment ability. If you have no source of income, you definitely can't take this path. Secondly, you must go to a formal banking institution to be more reliable.

If you meet a shady lender, you won't be able to bear the snowballing interest. Those living in Amway, the real world of cultivation, are often ruined by shady loans.

Without any training, Wang Ling and others started working in the mine just with the guidance of the good man Feng Senior Brother.

The props the mine owner gave them were a bamboo basket and a mining pick.

They kept knocking for a long time. Li Changzhe and Zhang Linyan were covered in sweat. However, they found nothing.

Mining in the real world is too difficult. It is not as easy as they imagined. If it is in the game, just click the mouse on a certain place.

"Our main task should be to revitalize the sect and win the sect competition, right? Why did you come to mine? And it consumes too much energy. Will we still have enough energy to fight on the day of the sect competition?" Li Changzhe used team communication Technique. Take the initiative to speak to Wang Ling and Zhang Linyan.

Zhang Linyan deeply agrees with this.

She felt that this situation was very wrong.

Originally, because the three of them were working together on a collective mission, the starting sect was already weaker than the others.

Qu Shuling felt comfortable. He joined the wealthy Wuxiang Peak. They clocked in to work in suits to recharge their batteries... They actually wanted to go to the ground to mine. What's the point of this?

Therefore, the top priority right now is to pay off the sect's foreign debt as soon as possible. Only when they are freed from work in the mines will they have more possibilities.

And Wang Ling naturally thought of this.

Fortunately, the environment here is dim. There is gray smoke emitted by the Fire Spirit Stone everywhere. Under the cover of the smoke, Wang Ling quietly applied a layer of temporary "Great Luck Technique" to the mining picks of Li Changzhe and Zhang Linyan. .

He hasn't used this Heavenly Dao spell for a long time. Because such an extreme spell will seriously destroy the game's balance. But now it's for a battle of wits and courage with Teng Luchen. At the same time, it's also to relieve the current deadlock. Wang LingI had to resort to such means.

At the moment when the spell was finished, Li Changzhe swung the mining pick and struck it with the next blow.

"Nail!"

Accompanied by a crisp sound of impact on the rock wall, a red-gold spirit stone about the size of a basketball appeared in the gap in the rock wall.

It emitted a dazzling light. Li Changzhe was shocked: "It's... shipped! The best fire spirit stone!"

These are not high-grade fire spirit stones. They are the best among fire spirit stones! One piece is worth ten high-grade fire spirit stones!

The senior brother of Haoren Peak was also shocked. According to the contract signed before, as long as eight high-grade fire spirit stones are dug in exchange for the commission, the sect's foreign debt can be paid off.

Now this top-quality fire spirit stone not only allows them to pay off their foreign debts, but can even make a small profit from the black-hearted boss.

"Junior Brother Li...you are really lucky." The senior brother was shocked. Because according to the original script, they will complete the collection of eight high-level fire spirit stones tomorrow. Everything is designed in the script.

However, Li Changzhe has now overfulfilled his task. This makes the senior brother of Haoren Peak completely unable to deal with him.

At this time, the eyes of everyone in the mine were attracted by the appearance of this top-quality fire spirit stone.

No one would have thought that Zhang Linyan would also ship goods at this time!

And it was pure golden light. It was far more shining than the one Li Changzhe dug up!

At this moment, the whole mine was in a panic. Not only the senior brother of Haoren Peak, but also the mine manager and mine boss who came to inspect the work were confused. They were just confused.

Damn it! The ultimate fire spirit stone!

As the name suggests, the value of this fire spirit stone is one level higher than that of the best fire spirit stone. It is exuding golden light! And after the light dissipates, the entire fire spirit stone appears to be a diamond version of the material. The red stone There is an indescribable transparency in his body.

This natural beauty attracted everyone's attention in an instant. Many people dropped their mining picks to the ground without realizing it.

This ultimate fire spirit stone is worth as much as 100 ultimate fire spirit stones!

At the same moment, in front of the surveillance camera of Jiutian Jingmi Courtyard, Teng Luchen was also stunned.

He quickly turned to look at the staff on the side: "What's going on with this shipment rate? Didn't I ask you to set up a guaranteed mid-level fire spirit stone for every 100 knocks? How could they complete it so quickly? Debt repayment work?"

This is the thinking of most card game companies now. They provide a guarantee, but they cannot give it completely. They must give players the feeling of giving a sweet date with a stick, so that the Kryptonians can continuously add money into it.

According to Teng Luchen's original plan, he wanted to exert pressure in such an extreme environment. Let's take a look at Wang Ling's true level.

But now, everything has been broken by Li Changzhe and Zhang Linyan's sudden good luck.

He was reprimanded. The staff was also very aggrieved: "Teng Lao... we don't know where the problem is! Logically speaking, the shipment rate of the best fire spirit stone is very small. It can only be struck 100,000 times with a mining pick. .The ultimate fire spirit stone must be struck at least 1 million times before it is guaranteed... Their luck is really scary!"





Chapter 1954 The plot begins to develop according to what is not in the script


The existence of Heavenly Dao is something that normal cultivators cannot touch. Even the {Wuji Sword} comprehended by General Yi. As one of the ten generals, this path is essentially just a branch of Heavenly Dao.

Only by reaching the realm of Venerated Immortal can one touch what Heavenly Dao is. However, the number of Heavenly Dao understood by the realm of Venerated Immortal is also limited.

After all, no one is like Wang Ling. He is a monster with ten thousand universes and thirty thousand Heavenly Daos...

This is something that is incomprehensible. Therefore, the existence of {Great Luck Technique} is completely a super problem for Teng Luchen.

Wang Ling cast the {Great Luck Technique} to temporarily change the luck of Li Changzhe and Zhang Linyan. This was something Teng Luchen could not have predicted no matter how he calculated.

He had no idea what kind of man he was fighting against...

Even though Teng Luchen thinks Wang Ling is a very strong genius, his upper limit knowledge of Wang Ling is still limited. He may feel that Wang Ling has achieved an extraordinary level at this age. Height. But it is far from the realm above True Immortal.

He would never have thought that the Heavenly Dao owned by Wang Ling would be a dimensionality-reducing blow to him.

"Boss, our mission has been completed. Have all the debts of this sect been paid off?" Li Changzhe rubbed his hands with a smile on his face.

They had only been in the mine for less than half an hour. They had already completed the task ahead of schedule.

Not to mention the high-grade fire spirit stone. With only the ultimate fire spirit stone, they can not only directly help the sect pay off its debts, but also make a lot of money from the boss.

At this time, both the mine owner and the mine manager were confused. The script they received was a villain role. They wanted to play this kind of cunning and dirty boss who tramples on other people's personalities with money.

As a result, Li Changzhe and Zhang Linyan dug in like this. The plot started to develop according to what was not in the script...

This made both of them extremely nervous.

According to the contract signed in the previous plot, they need to pay back. But they are just actors after all, and they don’t have that much money!

But soon, Li Changzhe put forward a condition: "Let's do this, boss. We don't want the money we make anymore. You just let everyone here be free."

The mine boss looked confused. He thought carefully. It seemed that he had no choice. In the end, he could only nod and agree: "Okay. You did a good job..."

"Everywhere. It's all thanks to the boss." Li Changzhe smiled slightly. Then he threw away the mining pick and led the collective liberation of many people trapped in the mine.

Everyone's faces were filled with smiles of happiness and joy. They rushed out of the dark, cramped and damp mine...

Although for Wang Ling, their experience in the mine only lasted half an hour, the joy of regaining freedom was very real.

Especially in this atmosphere, it is easier to appreciate this hard-won feeling of freedom.

"Did the options pop up in your eyes just now?" At this time, Zhang Linyan asked.

"Yes! So I went directly to the mine boss and said I didn't want the money. I wanted freedom." Li Changzhe responded.

Wang Ling was listening to the conversation between the two. In his heart, he felt that the three of them had a good understanding this time.

Yes.

Wang Ling also received a new choice just now. This time the choice was very convenient. He also chose to give up money to liberate the workers in the mine.

Integrate all the resources you have.

Counting the choices just made. Wang Ling already has three high-grade spiritual weapons and one privilege card in his hand. Li Changzhe and Zhang Linyan each have two high-grade spiritual weapons.

And now, these spiritual weapons are in an unextracted state. The rewards for the spiritual weapons are random. When needed, you can directly turn the electronic bracelet on your wrist to select and extract according to the projected image.

The magic weapon flow is still easy to understand. The only thing that I can't understand at the moment is the privilege card in Wang Ling's hand...

According to the rules of this trial, all cultivation resources can be brought back to the real world. This includes magic weapons, elixirs, and various rewards of heavenly materials and earthly treasures.

But only the privilege card can be used or saved. I just don’t know what the purpose of this privilege card is.

"Wang Ling actually has a privilege card. The explosion rate of this thing seems to be quite low. It is not given in every mission." Li Changzhe was suspicious.

"Since it is a privilege card, what effect does it have?" Zhang Linyan asked.

"I think it's better to keep it first. Don't use it lightly."

Li Changzhe said using the team communication technique. Then he looked at the eldest brother of Haoren Peak. He bowed respectfully: "Elder brother, we have paid off the sect's foreign debt. Can we go all out to develop the sect next? Already?"

"This is... natural. Now our next task is to collect as many resources as possible." The senior brother wiped his sweat. The expression on his face was extremely wonderful. He didn't know how to deal with the situation in front of him. situation.

The development of any sect is a long-term plan. Compared with other sects here, the Haoren Sect is really lagging behind. Even the Heaven and Earth Spiritual Formation at Haoren Peak is close to being exhausted. But the old headmaster Hao Jian has always refused to move here.

This is also an issue that Li Changzhe and the others need to consider. If they want the Haoren Sect to develop, it is actually crucial to repair the sect's spirit gathering formation.

But how easy is it to repair a large formation to maintain the sect with just the resources they have?

"Please let us...let us also join the Good People Sect!"

Just as everyone in Wang Ling was communicating with their senior brother, a stout man with a beard among the rescued miners suddenly stood up and said.

As soon as he spoke out, the remaining dozens of miners also shouted: "Yes! Please let us help too! We want to join the Good People Sect!"

Wang Ling: "..."

Li Changzhe: "You want to join the Good People Sect? Are you going to go back to your own sect?"

The big man named the leader said: "My name is Tieyi. I originally came from Wuxiang Peak. The brothers behind me are also disciples from other peaks. We were sent here to mine. There is no end. The sect said it was to let We are cultivating here. But in fact, they just want to use us as cheap labor force... In this case, I think we might as well join the Good People Sect directly! It is you who gave us freedom!"

At this time, Wang Ling instantly understood. This is the cause and effect of the plot. Because they made the choice to liberate the miners, the Good People Sect suddenly gained a team of seventy-six cultivators.

Developing a sect still requires manpower. Especially when one's own strength cannot be exposed. The more people there are, the more cover they can provide for themselves.

Moreover, manpower is also crucial to repair the sect’s spirit gathering formation!

Now the human resources have been solved. The key is to repair the sect's materials. How to solve it.

At this moment. Three more options appeared in front of Wang Ling.

[Choice 1: Listen to the follow-up advice of Senior Brother Haorenfeng. Slowly collect supplies. Mission reward: a random high-grade spiritual weapon.]

[Option 2: Ask the miners about ways to quickly collect materials. Mission reward: a random high-grade spiritual weapon. A random third-level advanced spell.]

[Option 3: Go directly to Phaseless Peak to rob! Mission reward: a random high-grade spiritual weapon. A random fourth-level advanced spell. Just buy a box!]





Chapter 1955 This wave of blood loss


Wang Ling stared at the three options that suddenly popped up and fell into deep thought. Although the reward for option three looked really tempting...a full box of crispy noodles. Wang Ling almost subconsciously I chose three.

However, at this critical moment, he still held back. Teng Luchen just wanted to see the plot of him directly confronting Wuxiang Peak after choosing three.

And in this way, he is suspected of taking the initiative. And he seems to have fought just because of this. Is he a completely unpromising person???

Besides, this option only says a box of crispy noodles. It doesn’t say what kind of crispy noodles it is!

If it was just the ordinary pepper noodles flavor, it would most likely not satisfy Wang Ling's appetite. Wang Ling is now keen on tasting a variety of customized flavored crispy noodles and special editions.

Ordinary flavors have long been unable to meet Wang Ling's growing taste demands.

"Brother Ling, did you see the choice? What choice?" At this time, Li Changzhe asked. He and Zhang Linyan did not receive multiple choice questions this time. But relying on Wang Ling's reaction, he felt that Wang Ling I must have seen some choice.

And it's still a very tempting choice...

Even Zhang Linyan has never seen Wang Ling, who has always been low-key and silent, have such an expression. His eyes almost popped out of his head!

Is it a reward for an immortal weapon, or a holy weapon?

If you can get the holy weapon in this trial, it will be a real gain without a doubt.

A high school student can have a sacred weapon in his hand. When you go out, you will be the most handsome kid on the street! Under normal circumstances, a high school student with only Foundation Building stage or Golden Core cannot control the sacred weapon!

There is a high risk of backlash in overstepping the control of high-level magic weapons. Anyone who has some knowledge of cultivation will understand this. But this does not affect the normal use of it to show off.

Of course, neither Li Changzhe nor Zhang Linyan would have thought that the thing that attracted the most attention to Wang Ling... was actually just puffed food commonly found in canteens.

After agonizing over option three until the last second, Wang Ling finally didn’t fall for Teng Luchen’s trick and chose option two.

The reward is a high-grade spiritual weapon and a third-level spell.

Two more useless things for Wang Ling...

He holds the Heavenly Dao in his hand. This already belongs to the category of super-level spells. It is no longer an existence that can be measured by level.

Of course. Wang Ling doesn't look down on these things. Of course, there are other people who do.

He thought it would be good to keep it with him for the time being. Then it would be good to give it away as a favor. There was also the privilege card. Although he didn't know what its use was. But judging from Li Changzhe's previous attitude, he should have this thing in his hand. It is also an important prop used to exchange for crispy noodles later.

At this moment, Wang Ling suddenly had an epiphany.

The "junk" he got could actually be exchanged with others!

As long as you have these props, you can’t exchange any flavor of crispy noodles! Do you still need to go out of your way to perform the dangerous tasks in the options?

After completing the selection, the absentees obviously also received the follow-up script instructions. They immediately started their performance according to the subsequent plan.

The bearded man named Tieyi said quickly: "I know that it will take a lot of repair resources to repair the old spirit-gathering formation of the Renzong. Now the sect competition is coming soon. We have to raise resources in a short time. I'm afraid it's the same. It's not easy."

"What good idea does Mr. Tieyi have?" Li Changzhe asked.

"Wealth can be found in danger. I know there is a dangerous secret place...the resources there can be used at will. "

"Whatever you want? Is there such a good place?"

"The premise is that you have to defeat the mountain guarding spirit. It is a natural spirit that guards the resources in the area. It is very strong. We have a large number of people. We may not be able to defeat them if we all attack. But someone is bound to be injured. But now In addition to resources, human resources are also key to our Hao Ren Sect. Therefore, we must use those resources without sacrificing personnel."

Tie Yi said: "That's why. This is the plan for now.

The best way is to bypass the mountain guardian. Many of our miner brothers were members of sects near that natural area before and are very familiar with the terrain there. If we take a small road, we may be able to bypass the mountain guardian. There is an 80 to 90% chance... The disadvantage is that once we are discovered by the mountain guarding spirit, it will be difficult for us to retreat." These words made Zhang Linyan fall into thinking. As an archer, she can actually retreat in the natural environment. Take advantage of its strong geographical location.

Shanshou Ling's strength is very strong. At least it must be at the peak of the late Golden Core. It may even be in the early stage of Nascent Soul. It is very aggressive and has rough skin and thick flesh. The disadvantage is that its movements are too slow. So if you encounter it under normal circumstances . You can still run away if you want...

All mountain guardian spirits are like guard dogs in the backyard. They will not chase you all the time. As long as you withdraw from the area, they will not pursue you any further.

For the mountain guardian, protecting the treasures under one's nose is the key.

"Then let's try what Brother Tieyi said first."

After discussing with Wang Ling using team voice skills, the three decided to adopt Tie Yi's opinion.

Just a mountain guardian. Wang Ling actually didn't take it seriously at all. They were all gatekeepers. It was not as good as his Er Ha.

They were led by Tie Yi to the entrance of a dense forest. Deep in the dense forest were endless mountains. There were many powerful spirit beasts inside, and it was full of danger.

This trail was opened by man. Few people know about it. According to Tie Yi, this is a shortcut left by a senior. The location is not fixed. Only those who know the way of change can know how to find the shortcut.

"So. Who opened this path?" Zhang Linyan was very curious.

Such a method is not something that ordinary people can do. The art of geographical change is very difficult. It needs to be combined with the Five Elements and Bagua. It needs to understand the astronomical and earth veins. It has very strict requirements on the overall cultivation level of the person setting up the formation.

"I heard that senior was at Wuxiang Peak before."

"No...no phase peak?"

"Yes. Starting from this dense forest, this area is also a resource within the Wuxiang Peak." Tie Yi replied.

"..."

I dare you to follow Tieyi and come to the Wuxiangfeng area to grab resources...

Wang LingI didn’t expect that I would be tricked by Teng Luchen in the end.

This has already entered the resource area within the Wuxiang Peak. Let alone being noticed by the guardian mountain spirit. As long as there are disciples in the Wuxiang Peak, a small-scale battle is inevitable.

Wang Ling sighed inwardly. He felt that if this was the case, it would be better to just make this area a little more chaotic and let more people nearby join in the resource collection (rob) and robbery!

He couldn't just be designed by Teng Luchen. He also had to be designed by Teng Luchen...





Chapter 1956 Crusade against Phaseless Peak


Wang Ling feels that he should have seen it clearly a long time ago. Teng Luchen's goal is to test him. So no matter what he chooses next, the final plot trend will develop towards the plot of "Conquering Wuxiang Peak".

But fortunately, Wang Ling was already prepared for this matter. It was impossible for him to be led by Teng Luchen all the way...

At the same time. In the holographic Internet cafe of the Office of Strategic Deception. Sun Rong, Chen Chao, Guo Hao, Gu Shunzhi, Zhen Yuan and Lord Diu Lei were gathered here by Bai Qiao in the name of testing a new game.

They all wore Number 60 High School uniforms. They all used their identities at Number 60 High School.

This time, Chen Chao and Guo Hao were brought to play. It was actually proposed by Lord Diu Lei, because he thought it would be more interesting. Of course, Lord Diu Lei had already mentioned it to everyone in the whole sect. He would not let Chen Chao and Guo Hao know their true identities.

However, a group of disciples were shocked by the appearance of Chen Chao and Guo Hao. Sun Rong needless to mention. The eldest lady of the Huaguo Shui Lian Group is very famous in the Office of Strategic Deception. And the Huaguo Shui Lian Group She is also one of the partners of the Office of Strategic Deception. It is not surprising that she appears here.

But who are these two people... They can actually play games with Gu Shunzhi, an immortal at the level of a great elder! Even Sect Master Diu Lei is kind to them!

A group of disciples were a little confused. Could this be the treatment that normal high school students could enjoy? There must be something extraordinary about these two people!

"Don't you understand? These two were invited by Elder Bai Qiao to play games in our Office of Strategic Deception holographic Internet cafe before. I remember them. But you newcomers, I'm afraid you don't know." An old disciple looked like he was in control.

"Senior brother, do you know their origins?"

"They are unusual. It is not something you or I can interfere with. You should do your job honestly. Also tell other disciples of the Office of Strategic Deception. If you see these two coming to the Office of Strategic Deception in the future, you must be more polite."

"Yes..." A group of disciples remained silent. They were surprised by the appearance of Chen Chao and Guo Hao.

On the other side, after Bai Qiao tested that all the equipment could operate normally, she immediately motioned for everyone to sit in the holographic cabin.

"I thought the previous cultivation simulator was quite fun. What type of game are you testing today?" Guo Hao asked.

"Oh. I won't let you down." Bai Qiao deliberately let it slip.

Then the start button was pressed and the hatch was closed.

In fact, Chen Chao and Guo Hao were invited together this time. What they participated in was not a game at all.

Rather, it was designed by Sun Rong, Wang Ming and Wang Ling from the beginning.

They will conduct a temporary soul exchange with the Gray Cult disciple who is responsible for supporting the spirit world based on Wang Ling's Wang Ling Wang Ling pre-arranged {{Great Spirit Replacement Technique}.

During the soul exchange period, the party whose soul is exchanged will fall into a closed state and have no memory of what happened during the soul exchange. It is like sleeping.

Of course. It will not cause any damage to the body.

In order to successfully perform the {Great Spirit Substitution Technique}, Wang Ming had developed a spare electronic bracelet in advance. As soon as he entered the Internet cafe, he tricked Chen Chao, Guo Hao and others into wearing it.

This is a secondary bracelet of the electronic bracelet. It is associated with the wearer of the main bracelet whose soul is replaced. It can accurately locate the location of the person who needs to exchange the soul.

Once the spell is activated, it's almost like entering the holographic game world. It's just that you use someone else's body.

...

Deep in the dense forest. Wang Ling pretended to be too nervous. He sat cross-legged and began to adjust his breath. In fact, he was waiting for a signal.

Seeing Wang Ling's appearance, Tie Yi couldn't help but laugh: "Classmate, Wang, are you okay? You don't have to be so afraid of disturbing the mountain guard. With a few brothers leading the way, there won't be any problem."

Hearing this, Wang Ling rolled his eyes silently in his heart. He didn't believe a word of what the actors in these scripts said.

These bad old men are very bad.

Wang Ling has already guessed their subsequent plan. If they follow Tieyi and continue walking along this dense forest path, they will definitely alert the mountain guard.

But the guarding mountain spirit only needs to move.

The Wuxiang Peak side must also know that their resource areas have been invaded by outsiders. At that time, they will inevitably make a certain degree of defense. A big war is inevitable.

Now Wang Ling just sat down and rested on the spot. In fact, it disrupted Tie Yi's rhythm. However, he didn't urge him many times after he reminded him.

Otherwise the traces of the script would be too obvious.

He is a professional actor. Of course he must impress the audience with his natural performance.

While waiting for Wang Ling to rest, Tie Yi also kept looking at Wang Ling. He felt that the young man in front of him was actually very real.

It only has the strength of the Foundation Building stage. Facing the peak of Golden Core in the later stage and even reaching the peak of Nascent Soul in the early stage. It is very real to feel scared.

After only walking so long, I was already so frightened that my legs could no longer stand and I needed to sit down cross-legged to meditate and adjust my breathing.

On the other hand, Zhang Linyan and Li Changzhe didn't push it too much. They had a certain fondness for Wang Ling itself.

In addition, among the three of them, Wang Ling is indeed at the lowest level. The two of them will naturally have a sense of empathy to take care of the weak...

Wang Ling also discovered it. He seems to have the talent to be a "group favorite".

He was puzzled.

Among the many branch skills of Heavenly Dao, there is no such ability as "Big Group Pet Technique".

Why does he try every means to distance himself from other people. But those people will get closer and closer to him?

About twenty minutes passed. Just when Tieyi was getting impatient, Wang Ling, who was sitting cross-legged, suddenly opened his eyes.

"Are you here..." He looked up at the sky, as if he sensed something.

Buzz...

Centered on this dense forest and the nearest Phaseless Peak. I don’t know why everyone in the deep forest seemed to hear a charging sound similar to the sound of a horn at this moment...

"Kill!"

"Crunt against Wuxiang Peak! Capture the leader of Wuxiang Sect alive!"

Along with the sound of charging, there were also the roars of many people. It seemed as if some large-scale battle was going on.

"Boom!"

In the end, even the earth-shattering explosions were heard, not far from the dense forest.

Tie Yi and others instantly cast their sights in the direction of the Phaseless Peak.

Can't go wrong!

This huge explosion came from the location of Phaseless Peak!

Someone is attacking Phaseless Peak!

No!

This isn't someone's problem...it's a bunch of people attacking Phaseless Peak!

"What's going on..." All the miners led by Tieyi were dumbfounded at this moment. Because this was something that was not written in the script at all.

No one would have thought that Wuxiang Peak would be surrounded and suppressed at this time.

"Roar!" At the same moment, deep in the dense forest, the shaken guardian mountain spirit let out a roar that shook the sky.

It no longer cared about the small army of Wang Ling in the dense forest. It headed straight for the gate of Wuxiang Peak.





Chapter 1957 Natural Catalyst


A commotion near Wuxiang Peak quickly attracted the attention of the leader of the Wuxiang Sect on the mountain and his disciples.

The sect leader's expression was obviously confused. It was clear that there were still three days before the sect competition. Why was the script of "Six major sects besieging Guangmingding" started to be staged now?

And the crusade against Phaseless Peak. This plot is completely out of their hands!

"Master, what should we do now?" The disciples of Wuxiang Sect were all in suits and leather shoes. They were anxiously waiting for the situation of the leader of Wuxiang Sect. They did not have the magnanimity of elite cultivators at all. Their essence was still actors. They would act in accordance with the rules. Act according to the script. Of course, you will occasionally encounter unexpected situations. You can also adapt to circumstances.

But who could have imagined the situation of being besieged in front of them. Twenty-one peaks including the Number 2 Proving Ground. Except for their Phaseless Peak, the other twenty peaks actually formed an alliance in a short period of time and attacked them.

Although their Phaseless Peak is the number one peak, the overall strength of all the disciples in the sect is also the strongest. Not only that, Qu Shuling, the top genius among the new elite, has also joined their Phaseless Peak. But facing such a savage beast-like formation, can they It's hard to say if you can't resist it.

"Why did they gather all of a sudden?"

Li Changzhe and Zhang Linyan witnessed this scene. The two people, who had always regarded themselves as smart, saw the huge mountain guardian spirit running towards the entrance of Wuxiang Peak. As the earth shook, their eyes became glazed over.

They didn't expect the scene before them to happen. They couldn't figure out why the other summits united to attack Wuxiang Peak at this time.

And now all the attention is attracted by the fierce battle at the entrance of the mountain. The light effects of various magical weapons are intertwined and bombarded together. They shine through from a distance. Even under the clear sky, the explosions are each brilliant and brilliant.

The ear-piercing sonic booms were heard endlessly, accompanied by the roars of many people. Li Changzhe seemed to have heard a few roars.

"Come on! Kill the boss in this dungeon! Come to me from the strategy team!"

"As long as you clear the level, you can get the code for the beta code that will not delete files! Give it to me!"

This was the voice coming from Chen Chao and Guo Hao. The two had no idea that this was a training ground in the spirit world. They led people to fight in. And they were completely fearless in the face of the guarding mountain spirit. They just regarded it as a game.

Although the rest of the people had no idea what the two were talking about, they saw that these two practitioners in the Foundation Building stage were charging at the forefront.

One sentence echoed in everyone's hearts.

--Damn it. It's on fire!

No one would have thought that the people in the Twenty Peaks were actually brought into the momentum by Chen Chao and Guo Hao, two men from the Foundation Building period. They were not afraid even in the face of the guardian mountain spirits and charged forward together.

Even the guardian mountain spirit was frightened. For the first time, it felt that it was so out of place. Even the practitioners in the Foundation Building period did not take it seriously.

However, it is a pity that it is also an invited actor. Even under such circumstances, it cannot make a fatal move. It can only resist as much as possible.

"Our luck... is really good. In this head-on battle, the mountain guards were attracted away. Wouldn't it be convenient for us to collect resources?" Li Changzhe scratched his head. When he came back to his senses, he found Wang Ling Already walking at the front alone.

"Hey. Classmate Wang Ling. Just wait for me!"

he shouted. Then he quickly grabbed Zhang Linyan and chased after him.

Even Tie Yi and the others were dumbfounded.

Since mining in the mine, this is another scene that no one expected.

Is it a coincidence...

It should be said. Wang Ling, Li Changzhe and Zhang Linyan are really lucky.

"By the way. Li Changzhe. You just mentioned luck. I also think that our luck today seems to be particularly good. I heard that classmate Wang Ling has always been called the Sixty Mascot. I don't know if it has something to do with it. Tie?"

Zhang Linyan tilted her head. Her watery gaze passed over Wang Ling.

"..."

Wang Ling remained silent.

Based on his experience, it is most correct not to get involved in the topic at this time.

"Haha. Maybe it's just my pure luck. You are just influenced by me. Before I came to Songhai City through the city teleportation array this time, I drew cards and withdrew money! And it's not a guaranteed one! Just one shot Enter the soul!"

Li Changzhe answered confidently.

He really felt that he was very lucky today. Moreover, it was a combination of natural luck. It had nothing to do with Wang Ling.

As expected of you...

Wang Ling secretly raised his eyebrows. He was quite satisfied with Li Changzhe's blind confidence.

At the very least, it's a good cover.

"Now Wuxiang Peak is besieged from the front. Don't we have as much resources in the mountains behind us as we want?" Zhang Linyan said.

"Theoretically, this is true. However, we must also pay attention to environmental protection issues." Li Changzhe said: "All the maps in the trial site are transplanted from the real world. In other words, this is originally a natural ecological area. Moderate Collecting is okay. Excessive mining is not advisable."

"That's nonsense. You don't have to say that." Zhang Linyan rolled his eyes.

All things have animism. As an archer, she is very familiar with it.

While she was talking to Li Changzhe, she was also using her peripheral vision to read a lot of Wang Ling.

As always, Wang Ling talks as little as before. But the more this happens, the more Zhang Linyan has the illusion that Wang Ling is covered by a mysterious veil.

Now that she thought about it carefully, she felt that there seemed to be an indescribable strange feeling during the first internal beta test of the spiritual world.

She always felt that Wang Ling was hinting at her action. But she didn't feel that it was...

"Don't be stunned. Come and help me! There are important materials to repair the spirit gathering formation over there!" At this time, Li Changzhe's voice came again. He pointed to a cliff with a faint blue light emitting. Ganoderma lucidum shape. The jade stone said.

"Cuishan Jade! There is such a precious treasure here!" Zhang Linyan was shocked again.

This is a natural jade that naturally contains a strong aura of heaven and earth. It is ranked fourth level. Its value is comparable to a low-grade holy artifact!

However, such priceless treasures of heaven and earth are naturally delicate. They need to pay attention to the methods when collecting them. If they are collected through violent means, the value will lose more than half of the original value.

As for the identification and collection methods of various types of heavenly materials and earthly treasures, they are taught in the nature class of Xiuzhen High School. As elite students, Cuishan Jade is certainly precious. But Li Changzhe and Zhang Linyan still have this ability to identify.

Of course, there is one thing that Li Changzhe and Li Changzhe did not learn from textbooks at all.

That is this Cuishan Jade.

In fact, when Wang Ling just passed by, it suddenly grew rapidly from the gap...

The spiritual power in Wang Ling's body is amazing, especially when in the natural environment. Wang Ling has a physique that can produce rare heavenly materials and earthly treasures. This makes the spiritual power in his body become a natural spiritual power. plant catalyst.

However, under normal circumstances, due to the suppression by Talisman, the physique of this spiritual plant catalyst will not be displayed easily.

This Cuishan Jade suddenly grew out just now. Wang Ling was also shocked...

At the same time, this also means that there is another thing. That is the Talisman currently attached to Wang Ling. I am afraid that it has reached a critical point on the verge of failure.

We must find a way to complete the replacement as soon as possible...





Chapter 1958 The first confrontation with Qu Shuling


At this moment, the setting sun in the Number 2 Trial Ground is like blood. The smoke after the collision of magic weapons fills the air. It is like a long smoke dragon traversing the entire Wuxiang Peak.

No one would have thought that a war would start in advance before the sect competition. Twenty-one peaks. Almost everyone on every peak suffered losses in this battle.

All fights are closely monitored by the Jiutian Jingmi Institute using sophisticated cultivation science instruments. According to the protection mechanism of the Number 2 Proving Ground, as long as they encounter fatal injuries, or are likely to cause disabling injuries such as missing arms and legs. .

The protection mechanism of the trial field will be activated immediately. A protective shield will be formed around the person being attacked. The person will then be forcibly removed from the field.

Only those in the trial field have scripts. Actors playing various NPCs can automatically return later. If they are students participating in the trial, once they are attacked by such fatal injuries or disabling injuries in advance, it means elimination.

Chen Chao and Guo Hao fought heartily. These two were too tough. Because of this mechanism, they felt that this was a game even more.

And the attacks are more vicious. Because there is no need to consider the issue of retaining strength. You only need to attack with all your strength.

After all, as long as the system determines that their attack is fatal or disabling, the opponent will be forced to leave the field.

After mastering this trick, the two of them didn't care at all when fighting.

"Damn it. You are so shameless! Why do you attack other people's vital parts..."

Several NPCs in Wuxiang Peak have returned after being killed by Chen Chao and Guo Hao for the Nth time.

They couldn't complain about their accurate "Nine Yin White Bone Claws". Thanks to this protective shield, otherwise all the men here would be beaten by their accuracy.

And although this trick seems simple, it is actually not easy to learn. After all, it requires precision and is not easy to imitate.

This is attributed to the normal behavior of boys joking with each other in school, especially during recess. This kind of operation Wang Ling has become almost commonplace.

There are only a few people who can understand the skills from this playful behavior.

In a sense, Chen Chao and Guo Hao are also geniuses.

"A soldier never tires of deceit. As long as it works. And this shouldn't be considered a game bug."

Chen Chao responded with a smile: "You really have to go to the battlefield. To fight for your life. But you can use any tricks!"

As soon as he finished speaking, several male NPC actors rolled their eyes and left the stage. They originally wanted to use Chen Chao and Guo Hao's trick.

But who knew that the two of them guarded their vital parts extremely strictly.

"Unexpectedly. This is the iron crotch skill we practiced in school to prevent this kind of situation! I have already practiced it to the tenth level!" Guo Hao laughed confidently.

"..." Everyone was shocked when they heard this.

What did these two people learn in school?

In comparison, Wang Ling's situation was not very smooth.

His Talisman had just been replaced not long ago. Unexpectedly, it was time to replace it with a new Talisman. Now the Talisman is indeed wearing out faster than before.

At first, it was changed once a year. Then it was changed every six months. Now it is changed every month.

Wang Ling feels that maybe it will have to change every Monday from now on... Unless Wang Ming can analyze the material in the black stone called "Eternity" and create a new type of Talisman. Otherwise, he and the earth will be in danger at any time. among.

Over there, Li Changzhe and Zhang Linyan were working hard to collect Cuishan jade. At this moment, a familiar breath suddenly came from a distance.

Wang Ling secretly had trouble in his heart.

Unexpectedly, in this situation, things were going uphill again and again. It happened to be at a critical point when Talisman was unstable.

Qu Shuling noticed the situation on the mountain behind them.

"Sure enough. You are here."

He came with a spiritual sword on his feet. He was wearing a Wuxiangfeng suit. He looked like a social elite. Under this image, the young man's tone had a mature flavor.

As a star student at the top ranked university in Songhai City, Qu Shuling's aura is indeed stronger than all the high school students Wang Ling has seen before. At the same time, his self-confidence is also innate . Standing on the spiritual sword and looking around. He didn’t take anyone seriously at all.

"Brother Qu, we have no intention of fighting. Are you here to cause trouble? And although we are in different sects, the final settlement is based on the cultivation country as a unit." Li Changzhe said. He carefully protected the stone in his hand. Cuishan Jade.

"As long as I'm here, they can't surpass them together."

Qu Shuling said, looking at the three people below coldly: "So you are also dispensable. None of you can take away the resources here at Wuxiang Peak."

Hearing Qu Shuling say this, Wang Ling knew in his heart that this battle was inevitable.

I experienced what happened at the Number 1 Proving Ground last time. Qu Shuling was trying to be brave and walked alone. In the end, he was sent back to the oasis because of the failure of the mission, kowtowed directly in front of him and then fell into coma. Wang Ling is still vivid in his mind. .

So this time, Qu Shuling actually came for revenge.

And the tone was very strong.

This makes people uncomfortable to hear.

Before Zhang Linyan could speak, Li Changzhe could no longer hold back his chatter. She immediately crossed her arms and looked at him: "Brother Qu, you and our school are allies. I have always respected you. But what you just said was a bit too much. .You are a genius. But the three of us are also the top students in each school. Are you going to fight three of us?"

One against three.

Qu Shuling does have the strength and the courage.

It's just that Li Changzhe never thought they would reach this point.

I don’t know if it’s because Qu Shuling clearly knows that the videos in the trial field will not be released to the public. The feeling he gives people here is completely different from the sense of intimacy in the real world. It’s like he has changed into a different person. generally.

Li Changzhe had always felt that Qu Shuling wore several masks on his face. But he never expected that the other party would directly take off his mask in this situation. And he would leave no room for it.

"I just want to prove my strength. For me, this is a perfect opportunity."

Qu Shuling's expression was cold. The next second he took action immediately. Without saying a word, he started fighting directly.

And the first target targeted was Zhang Linyan.

In fact, the moment Qu Shuling set out, Zhang Linyan also reacted and immediately summoned her bow and arrow. However, little did she know that Qu Shuling had even predicted her bow summoning action in advance. At the instant of her arrival, it was just With an ordinary pick, the bow and arrow fell off Zhang Linyan's hand.

He was not polite. After picking up the sword, he struck Zhang Linyan in the lower abdomen with a tight-fitting whip. Even though Zhang Linyan had already reacted and used his arms to resist, the force of the whip was still too strong.

Qu Shuling had no idea of pity for her. He whipped Zhang Linyan away on the spot and broke the big tree in the distance.

"Hit women as soon as you strike. You are really a masculine man!" Li Changzhe couldn't help it when he saw this and started scolding her.

Although from the perspective of offensive thinking, it is indeed a good way to preemptively contain opponents who attack from a distance. But the merciless blow from Qu Shuling just now made Li Changzhe know that this person is serious and has no hold back at all. Posture.

He also summoned the spirit sword and tested it with Qu Shuling for several rounds. Then he was also shaken back by Qu Shuling's overwhelming force.

"That's it."

Qu Shuling couldn't help but show a somewhat disappointed look on his face.

He didn't expect three against one. The first test had already beaten Li Changzhe and Zhang Linyan to the point where they were unable to fight back.

Now, there is only one last person left who has not been tested yet.

The next second, he turned to look at Wang Ling and tried to predict Wang Ling's next move...





Chapter 1959 The War Between Geniuses


Attack and defense between masters often predict the opponent's next move.

The reason why Qu Shuling has been able to win the first place in high school competitions at home and abroad is because his rich combat experience has allowed him to master "spiritual vision" at such a young age.

This is not a skill that ordinary cultivators can master.

The so-called spiritual vision. As the name suggests, it is through mental deduction and visual brainstorming during the battle.

By guessing the opponent's next move, you can seize the right moment or take the initiative to attack, or dismantle moves.

He struck preemptively. He used this ability when he just fought against Zhang Linyan and Li Changzhe.

Of course. As top high school students in major elite universities, Li Changzhe and Zhang Linyan also have the ability of "spiritual vision".

But in that fight just now, they immediately realized the gap between themselves and Qu Shuling.

"He is indeed very strong..." After the two of them were knocked away by Qu Shuling, they could already feel Qu Shuling's power and difficulty as they looked into each other's eyes.

This level of spiritual vision is at least the top ten levels!

And he and Zhang Linyan had just broken through to the eighth level. If their pre-reading ability and speed were not as good as Qu Shuling's, they should be unable to defeat them.

Now, the pressure of the battle has suddenly come to Wang Ling. If even Wang Ling is knocked down, then it is very likely that their three-on-one start will be caused by Qu Shuling's three consecutive losses. It's an embarrassing situation.

Plus. Wang Ling is still the weakest on their side...

Qu Shuling might be able to send Wang Ling away directly.

"Old Teng, are you sure to cut all the shots to the back mountain and ignore the battle on the front?" At the same moment, a staff member asked in the command post of Jiutian Jingmiyuan.

"Never mind! Aim all the cameras you can at the back of the mountain!" Teng Luchen ordered.

He was tugging on his beard while watching the game in front of him seriously. Although the plot was also developing towards a situation that he did not expect.

But in the final analysis, what he wanted to see most was how Wang Ling responded...

The showdown between the legendary genius high school student and the hidden genius he suspected. Every detail is the focus of Teng Luchen's concern.

The other side. The center of the battle.

The moment he was targeted by Qu Shuling, Wang Ling realized that the situation was starting to become troublesome.

He knew very well that he was being watched by countless pairs of eyes from the outside world. Every move he made next, he had to be careful and cautious.

Talisman is now in an unstable state. Facing Qu Shuling's attack, Wang Ling's subconscious reaction is to first distance itself.

He can take a beating. But there's no need.

Because Qu Shuling hit him. The one who was injured was definitely not Wang Ling himself, but Qu Shuling.

And with the protection mechanism of the spirit world, the power of that protective shield can't stop Wang Ling's counterattack.

The current Wang Ling is a ball of unstable matter. As long as Qu Shuling hits him, there is a 50% probability that he will win the prize directly and be turned into a ball of fly ash.

Therefore Wang Ling ran away without hesitation. And this move was very reasonable in the eyes of everyone.

Facing an enemy whose realm was several levels higher than his own, his subconscious escape seemed to be a matter of course. The calmness displayed by Wang Ling surprised both Li Changzhe and Zhang Linyan slightly.

There is a difference between this and Qu Shuling by several levels. He can still show such an attitude of not being alarmed by changes. Sure enough, he can be selected for the spiritual world trial. Wang Ling It is not unreasonable.

However, Qu Shuling has the ability of "spiritual vision" after all. Wang Ling This retreat was actually part of his prediction.

He held up the spiritual sword in his hand and pretended to rush in to attack. In fact, he used a hidden weapon to lay a spell trap while moving. It was a miniature Talisman originally designed by Qu Shuling. A Talisman is only the size of a fingernail.

Paste it on the nail in advance. When using it, you only need to flick the nail. The miniature Talisman will automatically burn. It is arranged in the designated position according to the spiritual guidance of the caster to form a spell trap.

Just as Li Changzhe had guessed, he came with the idea of sending Wang Ling away directly from the beginning. He used his close body to approach Wang Ling while guiding Wang Ling behind him. In the arranged magic trap.

Such fighting skills. Qu Shuling often uses them in several competitions. It can't be said to be a dirty trick. After all, in comprehensive competitions, Talisman, magic weapons, and spiritual swords are all allowed to be used. Use them skillfully together. He is also an elite cultivator. A required course for readers.

But this trick works for others. For Wang Ling, it's a bit too childish.

In the face of absolute strength, any fighting skills are useless.

Wang Ling closed his eyes slightly. He did not use his vision at all. He only relied on his powerful spiritual perception to figure out the dense spell traps laid by Qu Shuling behind him.

It was a series of explosive formations. It was simple and crude. It was like a landmine. As long as it touched a point, it would detonate immediately, causing a chain reaction.

However, at this moment, Zhang Linyan, who was in the distance, drew her bow and arrow. She aimed the arrow directly at the location of the spell trap behind Wang Ling.

Although three-on-one is a bit overwhelming, it is also Qu Shuling's own choice. He is extremely arrogant and wants to fight one against three. Under such circumstances, if Qu Shuling succeeds one after another, he will be forced to defeat one by one and evolve into Only by fighting alone would one fall into Qu Shuling's trap.

Zhang Linyan's arrow is extremely fast. It is also a split arrow. After one arrow is shot, the arrow breaks into multiple arrows and scatters during the flight.

Wang Ling was originally struggling with how to dismantle Qu Shuling's moves as gently as possible. Zhang Linyan's arrow was like giving him a pillow when he fell asleep. He immediately gave Wang Ling an excellent assist.

Feeling an arrow coming from behind, Qu Shuling reacted extremely quickly. He immediately unfolded his spiritual sword and drew it out of the eight-foot sword circle, trying to block all the arrows.

"Brother Qu, don't underestimate us. The three cobblers can beat Zhuge Liang!" When Li Changzhe saw this, he also used his hands to make magic spells and sprayed thick mist from his mouth, which provided sufficient cover for Zhang Linyan's arrow.

"It's just useless work."

Qu Shuling snorted softly. Such mist was completely useless to him, because at the same time Zhang Linyan shot the arrow, his spiritual vision had accurately locked the position of each arrow to ensure that he was wielding it. The sword can accurately block all arrows during the process.

However, to Qu Shuling's surprise, under the cover of thick fog, these flying arrows seemed to be endowed with intelligence.

As he quickly approached him, he started to turn at an almost impossible and weird angle...

Qu Shuling was a little surprised.

He had heard of gun fighting.

I just never thought about it. There is actually the art of archery fighting...

Has Zhang Linyan’s cultivation reached this level?

But he clearly remembered that he had never seen Zhang Linyan use this trick in any competition before.





Chapter 1960 Immortal King animation season 2 is scheduled to be released today


As we all know, archery fighting is a training course included in the "Advanced Sword Mastery" that can only be mastered in the cultivation university stage. It is a required course for every professional archer. The top level is the Ten Favorites.

If you can practice to the tenth level, you can control multiple arrows to achieve turns in the arrow path.

But it's obvious that Zhang Linyan's archery skills are more sophisticated. Before this, Qu Shuling had never seen that even split arrows could be integrated into the operation of "Arrow Fighting".

This requires greater precision and control than the art of archery with multiple arrows...

Qu Shuling immediately frowned because Zhang Linyan was stronger than he imagined.

Boom!

At the moment when the dense spell traps behind Wang Ling were exploded by the split-type archery arrows, even Zhang Linyan himself was startled.

She was already ready for the second shot, because judging from the trajectory of the spiritual arrow she just launched, it didn't look like it would hit.

Unexpectedly, the spell traps behind Wang Ling were detonated in advance with one shot.

This encouraged Zhang Linyan.

Her luck today seems to be really good.

The arrow shot out of desperation was so accurate by accident.

"Hahaha. Brother Qu, are the miniature Talisman sticks on your nails still enough? They were all detonated at once. It's really tragic. I didn't expect you to use such a girly thing."

"Wouldn't it be weird to put things on your nails? I thought only the concubines in the harem of the Qing Dynasty would do that."

Li Changzhe laughed. In such a situation, his chattering ability was activated. Along with a wave of invisible ridicule, Qu Shuling's whole expression changed drastically.

Wang Ling knows. This was done deliberately by Li Changzhe. Whether it was Zhang Linyan's arrow just now or Li Changzhe's vicious tongue now, it is essentially an act of rescue.

After all, here, his level is at its lowest. This allows Qu Shuling to divert his energy away from himself as much as possible.

Wang Ling suddenly felt a faint feeling in his heart.

He had only known Li Changzhe and Zhang Linyan for a short time. Unexpectedly, these two people were quite reliable at critical moments.

It has to be said that Li Changzhe's words were very effective. Qu Shuling originally wanted to deal with Wang Ling first. However, after Li Changzhe's words escaped, his whole aura changed.

Buzz!

The next moment, the spiritual power in his hand exploded. The roaring spiritual energy actually caused the spiritual sword in his hand to split open on the spot.

But this was originally an ordinary sect spirit sword issued by Wuxiang Peak. Qu Shuling never thought of seriously dealing with the three people in front of him at first.

But now that he was so excited by Li Changzhe, it was obvious that he was really angry.

With a wave of his arm, he summoned a jet-black spiritual sword. The luster of the night was like an abyss. It gave people an indescribable sense of danger.

This is Qu Shuling's natal spiritual sword - Zhan Ye!

In all of Qu Shuling's previous competitions, it was very rare for him to directly use Zhan Ye. He would only be summoned and used at critical moments.

Li Changzhe has conducted a detailed investigation on Qu Shuling before. In all official records recorded so far, the probability of Qu Shuling directly winning after using his spiritual sword to kill the night is... 100%!

Yes. In the crucial competition, Dan Fan Qu Shuling sacrificed this weird jet black spiritual sword. He has never lost.

I actually got really angry...

Li Changzhe secretly thought that something was wrong. He also taunted him out of desperation. He wanted to attract firepower. Unexpectedly, he used too much force and actually forced Qu Shuling to take out the Zhanye.

You must know that in all previous competitions, Qu Shuling never lost when he played Zhan Ye. And he never really maximized Zhan Ye's power.

At this time, Qu Shuling walked slowly from the smoke in the distance carrying this mysterious jet-black spiritual sword. There was the rustle of crushed dead leaves under his feet. The restrained and faint murderous aura made people sweat.

He looked like a sword demon shrouded in moonlight.

Suddenly, without seeing Qu Shuling's figure clearly, the next moment he was close to his face. The moment his breath came closer, all the hairs on Li Changzhe's body stood up.

What a speed this is. It’s hard to overstate how frightening it is... After this person gets angry, does he actually act like this? Just like a ghost!

Qu Shuling came with obvious murderous intent. Li Changzhe didn't know how powerful Zhan Ye's sword was, but he knew it in his heart. With Qu Shuling's ability, the sword must be deadly. He hit the vital point accurately.

As long as it touches him, he may be eliminated.

So the moment Qu Shuling's Zhan Ye approached, Li Changzhe turned into a ball of smoke to avoid the attack.

This is "Gas Source". It is a stand-in type spell. It can temporarily vaporize one's body and turn it into a cloud of smoke. But the shortcomings are also obvious. If Qu Shuling counterattacks with sword energy, Li Changzhe will be beaten on the spot. Return to original shape.

However, this move is Li Changzhe's most proficient move. As one of the few life-saving spells in his hand, he has already practiced it to the top tenth level.

For any cultivator, the skill of keeping secrets is always a unique skill that needs to be practiced day and night. After all, only by surviving can there be any hope of cultivating.

"Brother Qu, your murderous aura is too strong. Can't you calm down and say it properly?"

It can be seen that Qu Shuling is really angry and murderous.

Li Changzhe had just finished speaking. His atomized body had not yet gathered into a body shape. Zhanye in Qu Shuling's hand actually separated. It transformed into several jet-black sword lights and stabbed towards him.

This change of move caught Li Changzhe off guard. Seeing this in the distance, Zhang Linyan raised her bow again, trying to trace Zhan Ye's trajectory. However, Zhan Ye's speed was too fast. She could not complete the prediction at all.

After looking in Qu Shuling's direction for a long time, he shot an arrow in a panic.

Good opportunity...

At this time, Wang Ling in the shade also seized the opportunity.

Even though Zhang Linyan's arrow was in a hurry, as long as he was there, he could ensure a 100% hit.

This time, Zhang Linyan did not use a split arrow. It was just an ordinary arrow.

However, Qu Shuling was obviously prepared. When he saw Zhang Linyan shooting an arrow, he directly controlled Zhanye to pass a split sword light across it to achieve an air interception. He accurately targeted Zhang Linyan's ordinary arrow on the spot. Split in half.

"A little trick..."

Qu Shuling hummed in his heart

When he saw that Zhang Linyan's arrow had been knocked away by him, he stopped paying attention there.

What he never expected was that the arrow, which had been accurately split into two halves, was still rushing forward according to its original flight path.

Not only that. During the flight, the arrow that was split in half was actually coated with a faint layer of gold...

Strengthen?

At this time, Qu Shuling's head was filled with questions.





Chapter 1961 The seedling of genius


The separated arrow that was split into two parts was not interrupted. Instead, it was following its original flight path. Even the arrow body that was split into two parts turned pale gold.

Such superb swordsmanship not only made Qu Shuling speechless, but also Teng Luchen, who was watching the battle, was stunned.

It was obvious that Zhang Linyan had mastered the art of "Arrow Fighting" and even strengthened the arrows in advance.

"Excellent prediction ability..." Teng Luchen was surprised. His original purpose was to observe Wang Ling. But he didn't expect Zhang Linyan to be so strong.

In addition to the accuracy of archery, a top archer's ability to predict the situation beforehand is also very important. There was once a hostage kidnapping case involving a high-speed train suspended above the ground.

The top archers can keep the bow and arrow shooting at a speed parallel to the high-speed rail. They can also accurately calculate every turning point in the orbit.

Then, when the criminal was unprepared, he suddenly accelerated and accurately hit the criminal's vital parts to rescue the hostage.

But to reach that point, you have to be at least a tenth-grade top archer. Such people are usually proficient in archery, and most of their strength is above Itinerant Immortal...

Where is Zhang Linyan?

This is just a girl in the middle stage of Golden Core!

Although he is an elite among high school students nationwide, his proficiency in archery is a bit too exaggerated.

"What a young man. At the very least, he is an eighth-level archer... He may even have reached the ninth or tenth level." Jing Heqiu also sighed on the side.

Zhang Linyan's performance was really outstanding. It was beyond their expectations.

The two separated reinforced golden arrows rotated like tops, with a sharp edge.

Qu Shuling never thought that Zhang Linyan would also hide his hand. Zhang Linyan today seems to be very different from what he saw before. He clearly remembered that Zhang Linyan seemed to only have a fourth-level archer certificate. But the strength he showed now was far beyond that. The fourth stage.

Very dangerous two arrows!

If it hits his vital parts, it will most likely trigger the protective mechanism and send him away directly.

Qu Shuling didn't dare to be disrespectful at all now. He held Zhan Ye and divided into several sword lights again. He completely gave up on continuing to track Li Changzhe. Instead, he swarmed up and concentrated on blocking Zhang Linyan's golden arrows with all his strength.

Boom!

At the scene, the moment the dark sword light collided with the golden arrows, a big explosion occurred. The powerful air wave shook everything around.

Centered on the battlefield, the vegetation within a hundred meters radius was swept away by the storm generated by the explosion.

This impact is so powerful!

When Qu Shuling took back Zhan Ye again.

On the dark sword body, several cracks appeared under the projection of light.

This made Qu Shuling's expression turn ugly instantly.

Since his competition, Zhanya has performed so many times, but he has never been damaged so seriously.

The current degree of damage means that he cannot rely too much on Zhan Ye in the next battle. Otherwise, the spiritual sword will be in danger of shattering at any time.

"So strong." Jing Heqiu was very sad when he saw all this.

The fights among today's elite high school students are truly immortal battles. A fist-to-flesh game is far more exciting than the duel between high-level cultivators who fight for magical weapons.

Those high-level cultivators often use magic weapons to fight on their behalf in order to save their lives. The battle is about who has the more powerful magic weapon, rather than a pure competition between strengths.

Of course, the most unbelievable person among everyone present was Zhang Linyan herself.

That arrow. She also saw it...

As usual. It's just an ordinary arrow. Who knew it would have such an effect.

The explosion just now was no different from a small nuclear explosion... The power was too amazing! It was an arrow shot far beyond her current level.

"Sister Zhang is amazing. How did you do it?" At this time, Li Changzhe couldn't help but applaud.

One arrow defeated the first genius Qu Shuling. He also severely damaged his natal spiritual sword Zhanye.

If this matter is publicized, Zhang Linyan will immediately become famous. He may even become a new star whose fame surpasses that of Qu Shuling.

Zhang Linyan herself was confused: "Who is your sister Zhang..."

She secretly sneered that Li Changzhe was really good at getting close. At the same time, she was also thinking carefully about what happened with the arrow she just shot.

It was obvious that my hand holding the bow was the same as usual. Could it be because I had an adrenaline rush to save my teammates and shot an arrow that was beyond normal?

But even if it was really a mistake, it’s not that outrageous!

It's not that she doesn't know how to fight with arrows. But her fighting skills with arrows are basically ineffective at times. The fourth-level archer's skill in fighting with arrows cannot be 100% successful. Now she can only do it at best. A little over 50% success rate.

As for strengthening the arrows, this is even more impossible to do by yourself.

Apparently an arrow was split in half by Qu Shuling. As a result, it was directly strengthened!

Where did this naughty operation come from...

If she were Qu Shuling, she would even want to call the police!

"I didn't expect you to be the strongest among the three of you. I underestimated you."

At this time, Qu Shuling's cold voice came. He stared at Zhang Linyan. The expression on his face was one of joy of meeting his opponent.

There is always sympathy between geniuses. This is especially true when you encounter an opponent who is as good as yourself.

Qu Shuling had not investigated Zhang Linyan before. According to Zhang Linyan's previous intelligence data, in Qu Shuling's heart, he was just an opponent who was not worthy of being called an opponent.

Although he is also a top elite high school student, he has never actually taken Zhang Linyan seriously.

But everything is different now.

The arrow shot by Zhang Linyan just proved that this person is an out-and-out genius!

"Three against one. I really underestimated the enemy."

At this moment, Qu Shuling stood up excitedly and pointed his sword at Zhang Linyan: "Now, I apply to compete with you one-on-one!"

This scene made Wang Ling breathe a sigh of relief.

Finally, the operation he just made diverted Qu Shuling's eyes away from him.

Faced with Qu Shuling's gaze, Zhang Linyan was at a loss for words: "I..."

"Are you afraid? Or do you look down on me?"

Qu Shuling chuckled: "You were able to shoot the arrow just now. It just proves that your archer level is at least level six!"

Zhang Linyan: "I really don't have a sixth grade..."

She was speechless. She also determined in her heart that the arrow shot just now was just a coincidence.

To prove, Zhang Linyan pointed her bow at Qu Shuling again: "The arrow just now was really just a coincidence. If you don't believe it, I will shoot another arrow now. I guarantee you can catch it!"

"Just take it. What do I have to fear!" Qu Shuling sneered. Holding Zhan Ye, he waited for Zhang Linyan's performance.

The arrow shot just now was so exciting. Even he wanted to watch it again and study it in depth.

Zhang Linyan felt that if she used her strength to perform normally, she would never be able to shoot that mysterious arrow a second time...

But something that went beyond all expectations.

The moment the arrow fell from her hand.

Buzz!

The arrow actually began to multiply in size in front of everyone!

The huge arrow expanded to the size of a small mountain and was heading towards Qu Shuling!

Qu Shuling was shocked. He even couldn't help but yelled: "Zhang Linyan! You still said you don't know martial arts?! How dare you lie to me!"

Zhang Linyan: "..."

Li Changzhe: "..."

"..."

At this time. Wang Ling silently looked away.





Chapter 1962 Qu Shuling is crazy


Jiutian Jingmi Courtyard. In front of the huge monitor, Teng Luchen and Jing Heqiu both wiped their eyes at this time.

They are convinced that they are not mistaken...

Zhang Linyan's arrow was a "giant arrow"! It is the unique secret skill of Chu Tianjue, the only tenth-grade bow god in Huaxiu!

In the world of archers, Chu Tianjue's name is as loud as thunder. He is the first among the ten ranks.

Some people even think that if the grade can be expanded to the eleventh grade, Chu Tianjue's level should also be the level of the eleventh grade!

But before, Teng Luchen had never heard that Chu Tianjue, the tenth-grade bow god, had accepted a disciple...

"You can't be wrong, Mr. Teng. This is Master Chu Tian Jue Chu's giant arrow. The system data has been analyzed and compared. Whether it is the launch power or the angle of the arrow. Even the arrow body doubles after launch. The body shape and speed are all exactly the same!" Jing Heqiu was surprised. He conducted his own verification at the fastest speed.

Back then, when the demon world and the cultivation world were still entangled, Chu Tianjue used this giant arrow to instantly kill a demon king.

The data currently recorded in the system is Chu Tianjue's arrow back then.

Nowadays, Chu Tianjue travels around the world. He is used to living as a casual cultivator and has no fixed residence. It may not be that easy to find his whereabouts.

Many years ago, Teng Luchen had met Chu Tianjue. Under the modern cultivation environment, it was hard for him to imagine that there were still people living such a primitive life.

Therefore, on Teng Luchen's side, he gave Chu Tianjue the nickname "Stop Cave Man".

But when did this caveman take on a disciple...

Teng Luchen really didn’t know.

"Is there still a way to find Chu Tianjue now?" Teng Luchen asked with a frown.

"Teng Lao has also dealt with Teacher Chu. This person's whereabouts are mysterious. The dragon has its head but not its tail. I'm afraid it's not that easy to find. If we want to find him, we can only do our best..." Jing Heqiu said.

"That's all." Teng Luchen waved his hand: "He doesn't even use a mobile phone. It's not easy to find this caveman. But I can be sure. This Zhang Linyan must be his disciple. You also have the data for comparison. I just scanned it Eye. Aren’t they exactly the same!"

"Teng Lao Hideaki..."

"The harvest from this spiritual world trial is still great." Teng Luchen also became happy.

Although his original intention was to test Wang Ling, he found nothing about Wang Ling so far. Instead, he dug out Zhang Linyan, a talent who inherited the bloodline of the Arrow God.

"It's really the Yangtze River Houlang that pushes the boundaries."

Jing Heqiu was also very sad about this. Zhang Linyan had never used this trick before. Now he used it against Qu Shuling. It was considered to be a confirmation of his identity.

However, at this time, in the picture on the monitor, the battle is not over yet.

When Zhang Linyan's arrow shot out, Qu Shuling was caught off guard.

From the perspective of Wang Ling and Li Changzhe. Qu Shuling was about to be sent away directly by Zhang Linyan's arrow.

The destructive power of the Jinghong Giant Arrow is huge. It is far beyond imagination. In addition, it is secretly blessed by Wang Ling. The spiritual energy erupted by this arrow has far exceeded Zhang Linyan's own realm.

An arrow that no one can guard against. Anyone who is hit will be sent away directly.

Facing this giant arrow protruding from his face, Qu Shuling's expression changed with shock. He could no longer maintain his initial calmness. Big beads of sweat rolled down his cheeks.

Then, use all your strength to block the explosive power of the giant arrow.

He also got a lot of magic weapons from the spirit world. In order to protect himself from being eliminated, he threw them all away almost in an instant.

However, these magic weapons could not block the trajectory of the giant arrow at all. The moment they were thrown, they were directly smashed by the sharp edge of the giant arrow.

"Brother Qu, it seems that you are going to be sent away directly today. I didn't expect that you won't be able to survive the sect competition three days later." Li Changzhe had already laughed in advance.

He really didn't expect that even Qu Shuling would be where he is today.

Seeing this arrogant high school student who was a top genius languishing here, Li Changzhe felt an indescribable sense of joy in his heart.

Boom!

Finally, the arrow hit Qu Shuling. It was obvious that the protective shield had been triggered. The system determined that this huge arrow had posed a life threat to Qu Shuling.

At the moment when the huge arrow collided with the protective shield, the impact of the explosion shook everyone within a hundred miles. The huge explosion air wave rolled backwards, blowing the dense forest at the scene into a barren land. .

The group of miners who followed were dumbfounded. They were watching the battle in daze and silence. At this time, many of them were swept up high by the blast of air and were knocked off their feet.

The duel between high school students was too fierce. It exceeded their expectations and imagination.

Although they didn't understand why today's high school students can be so aggressive, they were shocked...

And the most important thing is.

The protective shield mechanism is triggered.

The most popular song in the trial, Qu Shuling, is about to be eliminated.

This is beyond everyone's expectation.

"It's finally over." Li Changzhe felt happy. Without Qu Shuling, a difficult and arrogant guy, their subsequent trials should be much easier.

And the key is. Zhang Lin Yanxiong is here!

As soon as the identity of the disciple of the Arrow God is revealed, it will surely shock the entire high school circle in Huaxiu Country!

Although Zhang Linyan's school ranking is not as good as that of Shengke, she will definitely become famous because of this. With this status, she can stand shoulder to shoulder with Qu Shuling and Su Xingyue.

A few minutes later, when the smoke and dust from the explosion subsided, along with a breeze from the valley, the fog at the scene was blown away.

Qu Shuling, who was covered in rags after being blown up, was still standing there holding the pitch-black Zhanye...

"What's going on? The protective shield has obviously been triggered."Wang Ling was puzzled.

He didn't expect that such a good offensive just now didn't even send Qu Shuling away.

"I understand!" Li Changzhe said in shock; "It must be a privilege card! Qu Shuling must have used that privilege card to keep himself here! I bet that privilege card is actually a resurrection coin!"

He was also stunned when he saw Qu Shuling. After thinking about it for a long time, he understood. All this was the function of the privilege card that allowed Qu Shuling to not be forcibly taken away from the scene after the protective shield was triggered!

"A disciple of the Arrow God..." Qu Shuling raised the corners of his lips and sneered.

"..." Zhang Linyan was speechless.

She really wanted to say that she had nothing to do with Chu Tianjue.

The shocking giant arrow shot just now was really just a coincidence.

But when the words came to her lips, Zhang Linyan felt that no matter what she said now, Qu Shuling would not believe it.

Moreover, it will anger Qu Shuling, causing him to take even more extreme actions.

Because his current state is already very wrong.

No one has ever turned this decent genius into such a miserable state.

He stood on the battlefield in ragged clothes. His face showed a look of enthusiasm that had been ruined: "It turns out... you are all hiding..."

Then he looked at Wang Ling: "You are a mascot..."

Then he glanced at Li Changzhe: "Then what are you? You must also have a hidden identity, right?"

Li Changzhe: "..."





Chapter 1963 Qu Shuling is crazy


Looking at Qu Shuling's face, which seemed to have been ruined, Wang Ling felt like a mirror.

There is a high probability that this person will follow in the footsteps of Yi Zhiyang... Think of Yi Zhiyang back then. It seems that he has not fully recovered from the trauma after the war. Wang Ling Unexpectedly, it has only been less than a few months. time. The result was another crazy one.

Wang Ling sighed inwardly. To be honest, sometimes he felt that he was quite evil. In fact, he didn't want Qu Shuling to become like this.

But now that it has happened.

So at this moment, Wang Ling has no other choice. We can only continue to take one step at a time.

The setting sun is like blood. Large groups of fire clouds are pressing down, connecting with the distant horizon. It is like pieces of a puzzle that are about to fall down to form a picture of fire clouds in the deep sky.

This scene reminded Wang Ling of the demon world.

It can be seen from this that the world structure in the trial ground is not completely extracted from the scenes on the earth. Such an oppressive sky is exclusive to the demon world.

Wang Ling has been to the Demon World. Therefore, he was deeply impressed by the scenes in the Demon World.

Qu Shuling stood on a cleared ruin. His clothes were in rags. The cracks on the sword of his Zhanye were clearly visible under the setting sun.

He had a dark face. He looked like he was possessed. He stared at Li Changzhe tightly and kept repeating: "Hide your identity... Show it... You can hide it too... Hurry. Show it." Fight with me..."

Although he used the privilege card in his hand to force himself to stay, Qu Shuling was now injured by the "Jinghong Arrow" operated in secret by Wang Ling.

If you continue to fight stubbornly, there may really be sequelae.

Jiutian Jingmi Academy Command Center. Looking at the picture on the monitor, Jing Heqiu also showed a very worried expression: "Teng Lao, should we intervene? Qu Shuling is injured now. If he really stays during the trial, The sequelae are just not worth it. After all, there is a more important geocentric plan later. He needs to lead the team."

Teng Luchen frowned. Then he waved his hand: "No...wait and see...Since he is the number one genius among high school students, under adversity, he might be able to develop stronger potential."

Hearing this, Jing Heqiu roughly understood what Teng Luchen meant.

This is a two-way pressure.

On the one hand, it forces Qu Shuling to continue to develop his body's potential in adversity.

On the other hand, Teng Luchen was also curious whether Li Changzhe was also a hidden talent.

The fight just now forced out Zhang Linyan, a well-hidden disciple of the Arrow God!

If we wait another round, maybe Li Changzhe will show his flaws!

At this time, in the center of the battlefield, Qu Shuling, who was carrying Zhan Ye, was almost going crazy.

"Come. Fight with me...use your strongest ability! Today, none of you can escape!"

Then he became excited. Carrying his wounded body in ragged clothes, he rushed forward like a berserker and started a confrontation with Li Changzhe.

The sound of clashing weapons kept coming from the scene. Although Zhan Ye was broken, its strength was still astonishing. Li Changzhe held the natal spiritual sword Sui Yun and fought for dozens of rounds with Qu Shuling, who was holding Zhan Ye. The tiger's mouth is here. He was shaken to the point of numbness under the strong attack.

Li Changzhe secretly scoffed.

Qu Shuling was really fierce. Even in this situation, he was not at a disadvantage when fighting against him.

On the other side, Zhang Linyan was hiding in the distance. She wanted to shoot an arrow, but when she raised the bow and arrow, she froze again. She did not dare to interfere at all. She was afraid that she would accidentally shoot a "shock-breaking arrow" again. ..

If the Arrow God's arrow was shot again in a strange way, she would definitely send Qu Shuling away directly, right?

Although she didn't like Qu Shuling, she wasn't to the point of killing him.

Zhang Linyan was filled with emotion in her heart. People outside may have seen what happened with the giant arrow. Her identity as a disciple of the God of Arrow may have been confirmed.

And even if she explains, no one will listen.

Zhang Linyan never expected that when she came to participate in the trial this time, she would inadvertently have an extra character...

Thinking about it now, she suddenly felt that she was quite envious of Wang Ling.

Mascot character design. How nice! Many people are harmless!

At this time, she stared at Wang Ling.

But at this moment, Wang Ling was sitting in front of a stone. He was enjoying the fierce battle between Li Changzhe and Qu Shuling with a calm expression. There was no trace of panic on his face.

"Does Li Changzhe really have a hidden identity?" Even Zhang Linyan was puzzled at this moment. She must have picked up her identity as a disciple of the Arrow God. But there was no guarantee that Li Changzhe might really have a hidden identity.

And I don’t know why. After entering the Number 2 Spirit World Trial Field this time, Zhang Linyan could clearly feel that the relationship between Li Changzhe and Wang Ling was much closer.

The secret between boys. Naturally, only boys know about it. In other words, Wang Ling is probably because he knows that Li Changzhe also has a hidden identity, so he maintains such a calm attitude to watch the battle.

Thinking of this, Zhang Linyan couldn't help but feel enlightened. It was as if she had figured out everything at once.

"Brother Qu, calm down. If you keep fighting like this, it will be bad for you and me." Li Changzhe accepted the move while trying to persuade him.

In his opinion, there is no need to continue fighting in the current game. The most important thing is the final sect competition.

After all, the final calculation is the total points of the elite high school students sent by each cultivating country. Their fighting here is tantamount to increasing internal consumption.

If the battle really reaches the point where spiritual power is exhausted, no one can win the sect competition on the last day.

But how could Qu Shuling, who was now furious, care about this? There was a fierce look on his face. The more Li Changzhe persuaded him, the more violent his attack became.

"Shut up! Shut up!" Qu Shuling said fiercely: "Are you looking down on me? Why don't you show your hidden identity to fight me!"

"..."

Li Changzhe was really confused.

Does he have any hidden personality?

Qu Shuling's speech made him feel extremely aggrieved.

He is just a mediocre, bratty younger brother who is a member of Jingmen Number 8 High School, the second highest university in Huaxiu. If the only special skill he has is his unique secret skill "The Art of Mist Removal".

He had also used this trick before when he sneaked into the Suzaku Gate. This is a spell that can decompose the body into water mist. But he has only practiced it to the third level.

And the senior figure in the world of cultivation "Luo Lan" who invented this move is also Li Changzhe's idol!

The only master in the world who has cultivated the fog spirit root into bloom. He is also a talent who specializes in unpopular spells and fog spells!

The only Tier 10 Mist cultivator in the world...

His cultivation level is too low. How could he be able to become a master to such a great master?

Li Changzhe felt infinite emotion in his heart.

But he never expected that all these words would be heard by Wang Ling...





Chapter 1964: All laws are within range


All Taoist techniques in the world are branches of Heavenly Dao. No matter how profound and mysterious they are, as long as you master the relevant Heavenly Dao, you can easily analyze the principles behind the techniques.

Wang Ling holds a total of 30,000 Heavenly Dao in ten universes. Therefore, all Taoisms are within the range of Wang Ling.

Jinghong Giant Arrow. Wang Ling has never learned it before. But as long as he has seen it once, or even listened to someone describe the relevant data of the spell, it is not difficult for Wang Ling to reproduce it.

Luo Lan, a tenth-level mist practitioner, comes from Shuangbi District, Shuangxi City. He is also one of the model cultivators who was awarded the honorary title of "City Hero" for fighting against the invasion of the demon world many years ago.

Such an obscure and unpopular fog method is very difficult to imitate in the eyes of others. Especially Wang Ling not only has to imitate it, but also uses Li Changzhe's hands to imitate Luo Lan's feeling. It sounds impossible to normal. Completed tasks.

"Master, have you listened clearly to Luo Lan's information?"

At this time, the voice of Zhuo Yi came from Wang Ling's ears.

His electronic bracelet was originally issued by Wang Ming.

With the contact point deliberately set up by Wang Ming, the data needed by Wang Ling can be easily passed on through other insiders at the first time.

So in fact, in the Jiutian Jingmi Academy Command Center, Teng Luchen and others are closely monitoring the other side of the screen. The Office of Strategic Deception command center is also monitoring this battle simultaneously. And promptly provide Wang Ling with the necessary information. The data is fed back in place.

"The art of clearing the mist."

After receiving clear data feedback, Wang Ling's mind suddenly became much clearer. At the same time, he was glad that he patiently listened to the data given by Zhuo Yi.

Otherwise, it would be a bit too much to just copy the "Mist Resolving Technique". Luo Lan's Mist Resolving Technique is not as strong as he thought. Although the gimmick is very good...

The art of mist-resolving is just an ordinary fourth-level spell.

It is not easy for Li Changzhe to have just entered the third level at this age. If he wants to continue to the next level, I am afraid it will take decades to repair.

However, it is a fourth-level spell. If you practice it to the top level, it will still play a huge role on the battlefield.

The reason why Luo Lan is famous is because he has cultivated this fourth-level spell to the tenth level. He is also known by a special title: Water Mist Mirror Flower.

Under the state of water mist, the atomization state of the human body can last up to an hour! Not only that. In such a special atomization state, part of the atomized body can also be transformed into an entity to attack, thus achieving an unprepared attack. It is impossible to predict the effectiveness of defense.

Qu Shuling didn't do his homework on Li Changzhe. He knew very well that Li Changzhe's biggest idol was "Luo Lan".

And now, if Li Changzhe really has a hidden identity, there is a very high possibility that he is Luo Lan's disciple.

This made Qu Shuling feel a little shaken for a brief moment. As a lonely genius, he didn't want to accept this unimaginable result...

He has been practicing alone in solitude since he was a child. He gradually explored to become the person he is today. He never received help from anyone. All the resources he obtained were obtained after he gradually climbed up to the first throne of this "genius". It comes from hard work.

There was a time when Qu Shuling also longed for how good it would be to have a master who could accompany him on the road of spiritual cultivation.

But now, as he gradually got used to the path of cultivation alone, he was suddenly shocked to find that those people around him who were also dubbed "elites" and "geniuses" actually had masters!

"You also have a master. Li Changzhe..." Qu Shuling's eyes turned red. He held Zhanye with one hand and fought fiercely with Li Changzhe. The sword blade cut and sparks shot out.

"Where do I have a master? Brother Qu...you should calm down a little bit. I feel a little unconscious." Li Changzhe spoke incoherently. He didn't know how to explain to Qu Shuling that he really didn't have a master. thing.

Even if there is, his master must be Luo Lan. But who is Luo Lan... one of the city's heroes! He is a legendary casual cultivator who was awarded the same honorary title as Zhuo Yi of Number 60 High School. .

How easy is it to have such a person as your teacher?

Moreover, Luo Lan also said back then that if he wanted to recruit a disciple, that person's "Mist Resolving Technique" would have to be at least at the sixth level before he could be qualified to be his disciple.

Where he is now, he's only three levels...

To cultivate to the state of Luo Lan's "Water Mist Mirror Flower" is completely nonsense!

Li Changzhe felt extremely wronged. He was not good at close combat. What he was better at was using the "Mist Resolving Technique" to carry out guerrilla attacks. He used harassment to wear down the opponent's physical strength, and then seized the opportunity to win with one move.

But the ones who can conquer Shuling are almost Hexagonal warriors. In such an injured state, his physical strength is still astonishing and terrifying. Li Changzhe feels that he will definitely lose if he continues like this.

"The Art of Mist Removal!"

In desperation, he had to use his special skill again to divide himself into a ball of mist. Through the state of mist dissolution, he got a chance to rest and recover some physical strength.

Under normal circumstances, the duration of the "Mist Resolving Technique" of the Third Heaven will not exceed 3 minutes. This is the longest time Li Changzhe has ever had before. If the spiritual power is depleted, the duration of 1 minute is already the limit.

Hidden in the state of the Mist Resolving Technique, Li Changzhe was trying to think of countermeasures. He could not continue to fight with Qu Shuling like this. He must seize the opportunity to send Qu Shuling away directly after the next materialization.

However, what surprised Li Changzhe was...

This time, his mist-resolving technique seems to have never come to an end...

Three minutes...

four minutes...

six minutes...

Li Changzhe was completely shocked. He estimated the time it took him to use the Mist Resolving Technique. It actually far exceeded the limit he had used this method before!

This...what's going on?

He couldn't believe it.

Even Qu Shuling was a little impatient: "How long are you going to hide in this fog! Come out and fight me!"

Six minutes passed. Li Changzhe's heart rate had completely recovered. Only Qu Shuling's slightly miserable roar was left in the center of the silent battlefield.

"What the hell..." Li Changzhe was surprised. His mist-resolving technique had lasted for more than ten minutes. According to the normal level of magic, this was at least the fifth level of magic.

Could it be that my mist-resolving technique has also been used beyond normal?

Li Changzhe somehow felt that he was in particularly good condition at the moment.

He was secretly horrified. In this state of mist-resolving technique, he tentatively punched Qu Shuling in the face.

When the atomized fist approached Qu Shuling's cheek, you can clearly see that part of the atomized fist solidified directly at the moment of approach. It briefly changed into an entity!

Bang!

A scene that made everyone unbelievable happened.

Li Changzhe's punch hit Qu Shuling's right cheek firmly, leaving him no time to react. He was beaten away on the spot...

In front of the monitor, Teng Luchen couldn't sit still at all. He stood up on the spot and exclaimed, "It's the tenth level of Mist Resolving Technique! Water Mist Mirror Flower! I guessed it right. He is Luo Lan's disciple!"





Chapter 1965 Gradually forgetting the purpose


The tenth level of the mist-resolving technique. Water Mist Mirror Flower...

Luo Lan had only used this secret technique once in public practice. Therefore, the data is extremely precious.

It can only be said that Jiutian Jingmi Academy is worthy of being a pioneer institution in recruiting talents. Even such rare data is still recorded in their backend database.

Under Jing Heqiu's simultaneous search, the data comparison results appeared quickly.

"Exactly the same...it's really the tenth level of Mist Resolving Technique. Water Mist Mirror Flower!" He was surprised.

In fact, before Teng Luchen confirmed that Li Changzhe had used "Water Mist Mirror Flower", many people at the scene were already in shock.

After all, this is a unique skill that Luo Lan only used once in public. Such a unique skill can be reproduced now. This is definitely something that cannot be learned through hard work alone. It must have been given guidance by Luo Lan!

In other words, it is almost certain that Li Changzhe is a disciple of the fog master Luo Lan!

"Okay, okay! What a great harvest!"

Teng Luchen laughed so hard that he couldn't even open his mouth from ear to ear. Such joy stimulated his mind, making him completely forget about Wang Ling for the time being.

"Congratulations to Mr. Teng! Congratulations to Mr. Teng! We have found two more hidden real talents!"

Jing Heqiu quickly led the crowd to bow to him and said: "Although this time it seems that we did not find out whether classmate Wang Ling has a hidden identity. However, at the same time, we found out the eyes of the two Wolong Fengchu...Teng Lao, Li Changzhe and Zhang Linyan. It's really accurate! It's just destiny!"

Teng Luchen was very proud. This compliment made him even more elated.

But after all, in front of so many people, he still managed to keep his expression on his face.

After clearing his throat, he hurriedly said: "Lao Qiu, immediately launch the talent care plan. Special attention and protection must be given to classmates Li Changzhe and Zhang Linyan. At the same time, people must be sent to contact their families in secret. This must not be allowed to happen. The two were poached by foreign schools."

"clear."

Jing Heqiu nodded: "That classmate Wang Ling..."

"Don't worry. We have already gained a lot this time. Anyway, there are still a few days until the sect competition. If he is really a talent, he will definitely show his flaws." Teng Luchen said with a smile and waved his hand.

All his attention and mental strength were on Li Changzhe and Zhang Linyan at the moment. He felt an inexplicable sense of solidity in his heart.

Although he has not completely given up on tracing Wang Ling.

But after discovering the two hidden master disciples, Li Changzhe and Zhang Linyan, for a moment, Teng Luchen felt that Wang Ling didn't seem that important anymore.

"By the way. Lao Qiu, don't forget to find the whereabouts of the Arrow God Chu Tianjue and the Mist God Luo Lan. I want to know where they last appeared. It must be accurate. Contact with them. I will go there myself. Do it." Teng Luchen said.

"I understand, Mr. Teng." Jing Heqiu nodded and bowed respectfully.

...

On the other side of the battlefield, Qu Shuling, who was already injured, was caught off guard by Li Changzhe's "Water Mist Mirror Flower" and was sent flying on the spot.

This punch hit the cheek. Although it could not be said to be a vital part, it was unexpected. The fist hit the exact edge of Qu Shuling's Tianling Cap. The shock wave of the physical fist collision knocked Qu Shuling unconscious on the spot. Die.

He was injured in the first place and was in a state of neglecting precautions. It was reasonable for him to be knocked unconscious with one punch.

Seeing that Qu Shuling was no longer moving, Li Changzhe solidified his body into a solid body again. He didn't know why he felt that he was far from reaching his limit today.

If Qu Shuling hadn't fainted, his mist-removing technique could have continued. It seems that there would be no problem for a few more hours...

It's strange. Although there were times when there were extraordinary performances in the past, today this is not considered extraordinary performance at all. It is simply the ultimate evolution!

"Okay, Li Changzhe...you are indeed related to the God of Mist Luo Lan! That move just now was definitely the Water Mist Mirror Flower!"

Zhang Linyan preemptively asked: "Don't try to fool me. This move is not ordinary. Without years of hard training, you can't fool me even if you hit it right!"

"..." Li Changzhe was speechless for a moment. He stared at Zhang Linyan and secretly thought about the cunningness of women. It was obvious that she had just shot Chu Tianjue's giant arrow! But now she turned her attention directly to herself. !

"You still asked me. Why didn't you say you..."

She was about to ask a question, but Zhang Linyan immediately changed the subject. She looked at Qu Shuling who fainted: "Now is not the time to talk about this. The key is Qu Shuling. How to deal with him."

Li Changzhe sighed: "It's really difficult to handle. It would be a bit unkind to send him away while he is unconscious. And eliminating him would not be good for us. After all, we are still in the same gang."

"But if he wakes up, he will definitely be dissatisfied. If he still stalks us, it will be difficult to handle."

Zhang Linyan had a headache; "By the way, I have a spirit-binding god here. It's a magic weapon I got after entering the trial field. How about I tie him up first?"

At this time, a group of miners who had been hiding in the distance and watching shiveringly for a long time came over under the leadership of Tie Yi.

The script once again developed according to the results that no one expected. As the leader of the miners, Tieyi naturally received new instructions from the command post.

He immediately looked at Wang Ling and said, "Let's do this, you three. I think we will follow Miss Zhang's wishes. We will first tie him up with spiritual weapons. Then we will send a few brothers to take turns keeping an eye on him." ."

"But what if I wake up?" Zhang Linyan asked.

"Don't worry, Miss Zhang. We brothers won't let him wake up..."

"Brother Tieyi means..."

Zhang Linyan looked horrified: "But it wouldn't be good to kill him..."

"No. I didn't say kill him...Miss Zhang misunderstood."

Tie Yi wiped his sweat and said, "Although the area around here is in a mess now, I know that a little deeper into the back mountain, there is a spiritual fruit called Deep Dream. The collected Deep Dream is ground into jam. Give it to me every two hours. He takes some. It makes sure he doesn't wake up."

"There is actually a Deep Dream Fruit here?" Li Changzhe raised his eyebrows.

"Yes. We were also surprised." Tie Yi smiled awkwardly: "Earlier, when the fierce battle among you was in full swing, a few of our brothers went out to explore the road. Only then did we discover that there is a Deep Dream Fruit here... It's like it suddenly grew a large piece of it."

Li Changzhe burst out laughing when he heard this: "How could such a rare spiritual fruit suddenly grow into a large area? There is no magic weapon to catalyze it."

Wang Ling: "..."

All I can say is that the Deep Dream Fruit is a very rare fourth-level spiritual fruit. .

If combined with other spiritual plants to refine medicine, it will have unexpected effects.

This is a well-known stabilizer for elixirs. It can neutralize some powerful medicinal properties of heavenly materials and earthly treasures. This allows the refined elixirs to be better absorbed by the human body.

But if it is just used as an ordinary sleeping pill, it would be a bit wasteful.

But now, this seems to be the only way to stabilize Qu Shuling.

Deep Dream Fruit is harmless to the human body. Moreover, Qu Shuling is injured now. With the help of Deep Dream Fruit, it will also help to recover a certain amount of injuries during sleep.

It can only be said that Li Changzhe and Zhang Linyan still considered the subsequent impact.

Although they all don't like Qu Shuling, this one is indeed a top genius in the minds of many people. If Qu Shuling is directly eliminated due to internal fighting, all of their elite cultivators from Huaxiu Country may face challenges from outside. of ridicule.

After making the decision to place Qu Shuling, Li Changzhe looked at Zhan Ye who had cracked the sword next to Qu Shuling's body.

He thought about it and finally decided to disarm him.

Then, Li Changzhe picked it up directly and handed it to Wang Ling: "Brother Wang Ling. Brother Qu's Zhanye will be temporarily given to you for safekeeping. The sword spirit and the sword master are connected spiritually. Brother Qu is now asleep. Now. The sword spirit is also in a comatose state. There is no danger if you take him."

"You are the weakest. You still use that useless peach wood sword. Although this Zhanye sword is cracked, it is still very useful. It can be used for self-defense."

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 1966 Wang Ling’s little thoughts


Wang Ling was not too surprised by Qu Shuling's decision. In essence, both Li Changzhe and Zhang Linyan are kind-hearted people.

He found that it seemed that all the friends who were closely united around him had this quality.

Although they can't say they like Qu Shuling's attitude. They even began to dislike Qu Shuling after participating in two spiritual world trials and learning his true identity. But they are still willing to believe that Qu Shuling can be improved.

Of course. The bigger reason is not only because Li Changzhe and Zhang Linyan foolishly believed it. The more important reason is because of their nationality...

Wang Ling sighed inwardly. It was only because of his nationality that he saved Qu Shuling's life.

Although Li Changzhe is a talkative person on the surface, he is actually very thoughtful. Qu Shuling now represents the top image of elite high school students.

There are countless capitals staring at him outside the training ground. If he directly eliminates Qu Shuling in the training ground right now, it will undoubtedly be an act of destroying people's jobs.

Although you can feel temporarily comfortable, it can also cause you to get angry.

"Just let Wang Ling use this cracked spiritual sword. And the sword spirit will be unconscious along with the sword master. It depends on the strength of the spiritual sword itself. How strong can it be if it is cracked? I have to think of a way. Just repair it." At this time, Zhang Linyan suddenly said, directly interrupting Wang Ling's thoughts.

"There is an old weapon refining furnace in the Haoren Sect. It can be used for repair. But... what is the specific material of this Zhan Ye sword? We need to find out. Otherwise, we will have to use Brother Qu's sword. It's been repaired badly." said the senior brother of Haoren Peak.

"This is easy. It's just about repairing the cracks. Use a little bit of material to mash it and fill it in the cracks. Then bake it in the oven again. Senior brother, please don't get involved in this matter. We need to repair Zhan Ye. Let's go to the Good Man Peak. I'm afraid that old refining furnace will explode directly."

Li Changzhe put his hands on his hips and said with a smile, "There are so many natural and earthly treasures in the back mountain. There are fourth-level, fifth-level and even higher ones. Isn't this better than Zhan Ye's own materials? I think it's better to wait until the materials are collected before we discuss it. Already."

"This..."

What a genius spoke. Everyone was speechless.

Although the vast majority of people here are not master craftsmen, the steps to repair cracks... don't seem to involve filling the cracks with materials, returning them to the furnace, and rebaking them.

Li Changzhe's speech subverted the perceptions of many people here.

This is a deliberate attempt to deceive Shu Ling...

Wang Ling thought for a moment. He stared at the cracked Zhanye in his hand. A different thought arose in his heart.

About half an hour later, at the gate of Wuxiang Peak, in front of the commander's camp where twenty peaks gathered, a black spirit sword with cracks swaggered across the sky transporting a package.

When the people at Wuxiang Peak saw this scene, their hearts froze immediately. They recognized this sword and knew that it was Qu Shuling's natal spiritual sword...

Now there are cracks, and it suddenly and strangely appears in front of the enemy's commander's camp. This is definitely not the result of Qu Shuling's own operation.

Qu Shuling... was defeated!

This scene undoubtedly boosted the morale of the people in Twenty Peaks.

What kind of person is Qu Shuling?

The supreme genius was defeated by their joint efforts!

"This game is really interesting. Are you giving us trophies?" Chen Chao stretched out his hands in front of the coach's camp. He saw Zhan Ye holding the package behind him firmly in his hands.

Sun Rong saw this and walked over quickly. She knew it was from Wang Ling.

Although there is no information about Wang Ling left on it. But now she is united with the Aohai human sword. The sword's heart is transparent. With the six senses infinitely amplified, the sense of smell is also doubled.

Just above this Zhanye. She could smell Wang Ling...

It proves that Wang Ling has touched this sword. And also sent the sword here.

Sun Rong opened the package immediately. It was filled with fourth-level and fifth-level treasures of heaven and earth that blinded everyone on the spot.

During the team's sound transmission, Gu Shunzhi spoke. He said to Sun Rong; "I understand. Miss Rong. Ling Zhenren wants us to repair this spirit sword. That's why we brought so many heavenly materials and earthly treasures. .But well..."

Gu Shunzhi was silent for the second half of the sentence. He could not say it directly.

Because he can tell. Among the heavenly materials and earthly treasures in this package, although most of the fourth- and fifth-level heavenly materials and earthly treasures come from the back mountain of Wuxiang Peak in the Number 2 trial site, there are some heavenly materials and earthly treasures inside. ...It is absolutely impossible to appear in this trial field. Now he is also mixed in this package.

These treasures of heaven, materials and earth are very small and are easily overlooked. Hidden in these large treasures of heaven, materials and earth, they will not be easily discovered at all.

But people who know the goods can still tell the difference at a glance.

This is because the spiritual energy concentration of high-level heavenly materials and earthly treasures is extremely different. Even if they are small in size, their concentration is astonishing.

For example, there was only a piece of spiritual jade the size of a 1-yuan coin under the package. Gu Shunzhi could tell at a glance that it was an eighth-level high-grade material. The Tongtian Wall.

And this material is impossible to appear in the real world or in the trial field. Because it comes from the Heavenly Dao star. It belongs to the universe's heavenly materials and earthly treasures from the God Realm.

As a person of order, Gu Shunzhi's discernment ability is still online. Any cultivator with some experience can actually see it.

At this time, he and Zhenyuan were both staring at the Sky-Bearing Wall. The expressions on their faces were extremely exciting. They were both trying to figure out what Wang Ling meant by providing this eighth-level material.

So this is...

What do you mean by asking them to use these advanced materials to repair this Zhanye?

As for the fourth- and fifth-level heavenly materials and earthly treasures collected on the back mountain, are they just a cover-up?

Gu Shunzhi is a little confused.

The current relationship between this Qu Shu Ling should be hostile.

This Zhanye is his personal belonging. It is simply a waste to use such good cosmic materials to repair it...

However, Gu Shunzhi decided to follow Wang Ling's wishes for the time being.

This is Ling Zhenren’s decision!

Is it possible for ordinary people like them to figure it out?

"Senior Gu, why don't you say half of what you said? Just what?" Sun Rong asked.

"Nothing." Gu Shunzhi said: "Ling Zhenren means that he wants us to repair this sword. But the heavenly materials and earthly treasures used for repair have actually been designated. They are in this bag of heavenly materials and earthly treasures... Only one piece is used for repair. The rest are all disguises. There should be ready-made high-quality weapon refining furnaces on Wuxiang Peak. As for the repair work, I think I will leave it to Zhenyuan Taoist Friendly."

"Yes!" Sun Rong suddenly realized.

She almost forgot.

Senior Zhenyuan here is the real leader in the world of weapon refining!

After all, this is the existence that created the gate to another world back then!

Repairing a high school student's spiritual sword is definitely something that the people of Zhenyuan Immortal can easily grasp.

It's just that even Zhenyuan's hands are shaking now...

After all, you have to fill a cosmic-level material into a high school student's spirit sword... If the operation is wrong, things will become very embarrassing.





Chapter 1967 The background of Phaseless Peak


After this battle, the strongest Wuxiang Peak in the Number 2 Proving Ground suffered heavy casualties. Qu Shuling disappeared. The remaining elite students from foreign schools who followed Qu Shuling were leaderless. They included Huaxiu's own country and elites from abroad. College students.

One thing they have in common is that they all decided to join the Wuxiang Peak team after hearing the news that Qu Shuling had joined the Wuxiang Peak.

"Sect Master, if we don't use the sect's heritage, I'm afraid we won't be able to participate in the subsequent sect competition under such an offensive." In this dilemma, a young man wearing a white shirt and a black suit jacket hung on his shoulders. At this time, he took the initiative to stand up.

The senior senior fellow from the Haoren Sect had previously explained during the meal that a senior fellow named Qi in the Haoren Sect had defected. It was this person who was unmistakable.

This person’s name is Qi Yuheng.

Of course. He is also an actor in the Number 2 Proving Ground.

In ordinary storylines, the fate of traitors is often tragic.

However, being able to obtain such a defection script proves that Qi Yuheng's own strength is also extremely powerful. In such a leaderless situation, Qi Yuheng can only stand up and take charge of the overall situation in place of the hurried juniors in the sect.

This is also the ingenuity and design of Teng Luchen. Although the probability of something happening to the strongest Wuxiang Peak before the sect competition is very slim. However, considering that the possibility cannot be ruled out, the character Qi Yuheng was born in this way.

But at this moment, Qi Yuheng, who had switched jobs from Good Man Peak, was already a great elder of Wuxiang Peak.

Qi Yuheng's opening was both a reminder on the surface and a hint behind the scenes.

The leader of Wuxiang Peak is also a member of the Jiutian Jingmi Academy system. His immediate boss is Jing Heqiu. But even so, he doesn't know why he has set up a separate strategic foundation for Wuxiang Peak. It can help Wuxiang Peak reverse its disadvantage.

All we can say is that maybe Jing Heqiu or the senior Teng above him is testing something deeper...and this is not something that a subordinate of his who is just following orders can handle alone.

"Just do as you say."

The leader of Wuxiang Peak sighed. Then he stared at Qi Yuheng and said, "Pass this order from our sect. Activate all the human figurines in the inventory at the back mountain!"

...

Human figurines. It can also be called earth puppets. As the name suggests, it is a combat puppet created by cultivators using natural psychic clay and earth magic.

Nowadays, in the context of the era of scientific cultivation, this type of human figurines have been further strengthened. Nowadays, a powerful human figurine not only has combat capabilities, but also has gained intelligence beyond the past in the AI intelligent system endowed by science. It can no longer be used It is controlled by the magic of me, the creator. Instead, it is fully controlled by information technology means.

With the combination of modern technology, human figurines can be put into use on a large scale. They can even be used to command and replace cultivators to carry out labor and production.

The humanoid magic weapon previously developed by Wang Ming is actually a part of the human figurines. However, Wang Ming replaced the psychic clay with nano-spirit iron, making the humanoid figurines more indestructible. But the disadvantage is that it is expensive. It cannot be compared with the psychic clay. Same as mass production.

Wang Ling is also familiar with this concept.

After all, he has already seen the ultimate version of the human figurines - the ancient divine weapons.

In the circle of human figurines, there should be no existence with more powerful destructive power than the ancient magic weapon created by Fenmu Shen... Although to Wang Ling, the ancient magic weapon is also fragile and cannot stand at all. Take his troubles.

As for the ordinary human figurines, Wang Ling did not take them seriously. However, at this time, Wuxiang Peak was preparing to sacrifice human figurines to challenge. It could also be regarded as a means to redeem the disadvantage.

Wang Ling maintained an indifferent attitude towards this. After all, he had completed his plan. He had collected all available resources on the mountain behind Wuxiang Peak.

The spirit sword materials used to repair Zhan Ye have been delivered by express delivery. The materials used to repair the Wuxiang Sect's spirit gathering array are now ready. Li Changzhe and Zhang Linyan also took the opportunity to plunder a lot.

After all, according to the rules of this trial, everything obtained in this trial can be taken out. This undoubtedly made both of them very happy.

"Now I know why I bring you Wang Ling in every Number 60 High School game. It's really good luck to follow you. I've been stuck in the early stage of Golden Core for a long time. I've been collecting the materials of Gujin Pill to seek a breakthrough. "I didn't expect that this time I would have all the materials collected!" Li Changzhe said in surprise.

"Me too!" Zhang Linyan also nodded, like a chicken pecking at rice: "I'm wondering if we should take advantage of Wang Ling's presence. We might as well refine the Solid Gold Pill directly in the trial ground. Maybe the success rate is unknown. It can go straight up!"

Li Changzhe: "What a great idea, Sister Zhang! But we don't have an elixir furnace now... The broken furnace at Haoren Peak will only increase the probability of refining a useless elixir."

Wang Ling: "..."

Then, when the two of them were silent in their infinite fantasy, Tie Yi's words interrupted their thoughts again: "You guys, please don't discuss alchemy for now. One of our brothers just came back from an investigation. He said it was someone from Houshan. There was a big earthquake in one direction."

"A big earthquake? But the mountains behind have been searched by us, right?" Li Changzhehu asked.

"It's the place we've been to before! It's the forest with the Deep Dream Fruit. There seemed to be something down there. The ground suddenly cracked. Fortunately, we sent someone to watch Qu Shuling. Otherwise, I'm afraid it would be like this. The kid will be sucked directly into the earth in his sleep..." Tie Yi said anxiously.

Wang Ling heard this. He was thoughtful.

He already knew what was buried in that land.

And then, three more choices appeared in front of him.

[Choice 1: Don’t avoid it. Return to the camp to meet up with everyone. Mission reward: One primary solid gold pill.]

[Option 2: Stay where you are and search for treasures of heaven and earth. Mission reward: Intermediate solid gold pills.]

[Option 3: Follow Tie Yi with Li Changzhe and Zhang Linyan to have a look. Mission reward: a high-grade solid gold pill. A packet of random limited-flavor crisp noodles.]

This time. Wang Ling made his choice without any hesitation.

At this time, in front of the monitor of Jiutian Jingmi Academy, Jing Heqiu saw Wang Ling actively choosing in seconds. He was also particularly excited: "Teng Lao! He chose! He chose three on his own initiative! He actually chose to investigate!"

"Calm down."

Teng Luchen sighed: "Choose three. There is nothing surprising. One of the people beside him is a disciple of the Arrow God Chu Tianjue, and the other is a disciple of the Mist God Luo Lan. With these two people by his side, I will choose three if he wants me." !What a fuss you are making!"

Jing Heqiu: "???"





Chapter 1968 Human figurines of Wang Ling


The production of human figurines has a long history. It has developed for thousands of years from ancient cultivators to the modern scientific cultivation world. And the human figurine masters were also very prosperous at that time. They were a rising profession that kept pace with alchemists and weapon refiners. .

An outstanding human figurine maker. He can control the overall quality of the human figurines and the accuracy of face pinching. It is not an exaggeration to call it the hand of Nuwa.

However, with the development of modern technology, most of the human figurines currently on the market are fabricated by machines.

"This is it." Tie Yi led Wang Ling and others to the huge cave that collapsed.

Wang Ling measured it with his eyes. The area that collapsed here is the size of four basketball courts.

I don't know if this was a deliberate design by Teng Luchen, or it was due to other coincidental elements that directly exposed the underground human figurine palace near Wuxiang Peak.

"Go down and have a look." Li Changzhe's eyes were slightly excited. As a young man with a flourishing spirit, he was naturally extremely interested in this type of figurines. These figurines, which combine the wisdom of modern cultivation technology, are not something that ordinary people can do. It’s affordable.

And now there was an entire underground palace of human figurines at their feet. At this moment, Li Changzhe suddenly had a bold idea...

If these figurines in the underground palace are the sect's secrets that Wuxiang Peak deliberately stored here in order to balance the war situation, then is it possible that their infiltration this time will directly raze this underground palace to the ground?

Although the specific situation in the underground palace is still unclear, and it may be difficult for one person to do this alone, there are many of them!

Wang Ling, Zhang Linyan, the senior brother from Haoren Peak and the miners led by Tie Yi!

It is said that strength comes with more people. They now have a lot of materials on hand. They can make many temporary detonating symbols in a short time. As long as they calculate the blasting point, it seems that it is not a bad idea to directly overturn the underground palace!

Li Changzhe couldn't wait for a long time. He immediately used the mist-resolving technique to turn into a ball of smoke and go in to explore the way.

"This idiot..." Zhang Linyan was speechless. She felt that Li Changzhe looked like a reckless man, but not very much. She said that he was a reckless man. He was the first to rush in and face the unknown risks inside. It was indeed reckless, but he was reckless. It doesn't seem to be very thorough. Just use the Mist Resolving Technique to test it out. Essentially, it's not a face-to-face behavior.

"Hey. Wang Ling Don't be afraid. Just follow us. Li Changzhe and I will find ways to protect you." Just before Zhang Linyan was about to jump down for the second time, she faced Wang Ling. He said with great concern.

"Hmm..." Wang Ling nodded helplessly.

He discovered that Zhang Linyan and Li Changzhe had been given the identities of disciples of the God of Arrow and disciples of the Mist God respectively. Both of them seemed to have become much more confident.

Zhang Linyan had obviously doubted herself before. Unexpectedly, she really regarded him as a mascot now.

But this is actually good. It’s quite in line with Wang Ling’s wishes.

But soon Wang Ling realized that there were actually problems with this.

Because sometimes when your "weakness" arouses a person's desire for protection, everyone else will choose to blindly follow suit and really think you are weak and try to protect you.

"Classmate Wang Ling. If you are really scared, I can carry you down. It doesn't matter." At this time, the iron-clad old man next to Wang Ling said with a simple and honest face. There was a clear sign on his hand. It is a posture ready to hug the Wang Ling princess.

As soon as he took on this posture, a drop of cold sweat rolled down his face. He pretended not to hear Tie Yi's words. He followed Zhang Linyan and jumped into the pit with his trouser pockets inserted.

As soon as they entered the pit, Wang Ling smelled a rotten smell. This was probably one of the main reasons for the explosion.

Zhang Linyan and Li Changzhe were already using water spells to purify the surrounding air.

"It was the explosion caused by the rotten spiritual fruit." Zhang Linyan speculated: "When the ripe spiritual fruit falls to the ground, the speed of decay will be extremely accelerated. And because it contains the spiritual energy of heaven and earth, when the rotten fruit is fully combined with the soil . A slight external stimulus may cause a spiritual explosion."

She explained as she moved deeper into the pit. The human figurine caves of the old era were similar to imperial tombs. There were always aisles with just the right width inside, and all kinds of human figurines were neatly arranged.

The underground palace of human figurines that Wang Ling saw now was obviously designed in advance. A fluorescent tunnel full of technology leads directly to the depths of the underground palace. There are also countless capsule glass cabins placed along both sides of the tunnel. Inside are all Already designed human figurines.

They are soaked in special spiritual liquid to prevent the bodies made of spiritual soil from being corroded and destroyed.

They have exactly the same facial features. They are delicate and beautiful. They are like the protagonists in many domestic three-dimensional animations. Although everyone has a different personality, you always feel as if you have seen their facial features before.

"It's amazing..." Li Changzhe was completely surprised by the scene in front of him.

There are a hundred human figurines displayed here in total. However, it seems that only half of the finished product is completed. The remaining half is not only missing arms and legs, but even the facial features have not been shaped.

Li Changzhe was very courageous. He faced an unfinished glass cabin and showed a weird smile.

"What do you want to do..." Zhang Linyan seemed to know what this guy was going to do.

"I'm not doing anything. I'm just having fun. Didn't you see? Their faces all look the same. How boring it is." Li Changzhe said with a smile.

There was three-dimensional data of human figurines on the tablet connected to the capsule cabin. Li Changzhe opened it and studied it. He found that it seemed that he could pinch the face directly by operating the tablet.

Maybe he had a lot of experience in face-pinching games. Li Changzhe's grasp of face-pinching was extremely accurate. Soon he was able to pinch himself according to his facial features. The process only took five or six minutes.

"It's really similar!" Zhang Linyan was dumbfounded. She stared at Li Changzhe in the cabin. Then she looked at Zhenren. It felt like she was looking in a mirror.

"That's right. I'm better at micromanagement."

Li Changzhe smiled triumphantly. He was having a great time. He soon started pinching the face of the next figurine.

This time, he created the face of a heroic young man. Different from those handsome models that remained unchanged, Li Changzhe made it lifelike, as if it was a human figurine that could be awakened at any time.

"Oh, you can even give it a name! Do you want to give it a name?" After getting proficient at playing, Li Changzhe discovered new operations and began to try to modify the names of the figurines.

As soon as I entered the word "王", I was pressed by Zhang Linyan: "What do you want to do? Don't make a prank!"

"Hey. It's just for fun. Don't be so serious. How about you name it Wang Ling?" Li Changzhe raised his eyebrows and gave up his position.

Wang Ling stared at the character "王" whose surname had been entered into the famous characters. He thought for a moment.

He didn't delete the last name. Instead, he directly added the full name at the end.

Together they are...Wang Yuanxi.





Chapter 1969 Divine soldiers descend from heaven


Wang Yuanxi...

Zhang Linyan chewed the name carefully. It felt inexplicably pleasant. She was a little surprised at Wang Ling's naming ability. This was more useless than some of the more procrastinating names. The pen name started with nine strokes. The author is much better.

Although she didn't know what the name meant, Zhang Linyan felt in an instant that a great work of art was born.

"This figurine is really interesting." Li Changzhe had a lot of fun playing with the flat screen. In fact, it is reasonable to say that it is such a confidential place. This kind of flat screen should have an encryption mechanism. It is impossible to let anyone People can tamper with the data inside at will.

But Li Changzhe didn't know why all these things were undefended. It seemed that he was deliberately waiting for them to modify them.

In fact, at the moment when Wang Ling was named, my heart suddenly became enlightened...

If his guess is correct, this is probably Wang Ming's fault.

The three of them counted the capsule cabins in the passage. There were 500 capsule cabins in total and 400 empty capsule cabins. The remaining 100 glass capsule cabins were all unfinished products. Or the data was not complete. Import the completed figurines. You can see the real progress data on the tablet screen connected to each figurine.

The tallest figurine is 93% complete, with 7% left before it can be put into use.

"Why are there empty ones?" Zhang Linyan asked.

"Someone should have been here before us." Li Changzhe said: "We came in through an unexpected entrance. This underground palace is so big. There must be other entrances and exits."

"Doesn't that mean...at least four hundred human figurines have been put into use?"

Zhang Linyan was shocked: "We came a step too late!"

She realized that blowing up the figurines now seemed to be of no use.

The initial combat power of these four hundred personal figurines is the peak of the Golden Core in the later stage. And they will continue to accumulate experience with the battle. It is even possible to break through! Yes! Modern high-level figurines can also break through the combat power. They will use Use your own AI system to record the gains and losses of each battle, thereby better summarizing experience.

In other words, once these figurines are put on the battlefield and tempered for a long enough time, their combat power may reach the level of the early Nascent Soul stage at any time.

As for these terrifying human figurines, Wuxiang Peak has invested 400 of them now!

Even if they don't take the initiative to attack, they just stay on the sect's peak and fight positional battles. The defensive counterattack of four hundred human figurines relies on the terrain. It can make all the intruders drink a pot!

"There are only 50 students from various countries participating in the trial this time. A dozen of them followed Qu Shuling into the Phaseless Peak. The remaining elites from the twenty peaks plus local disciples from each peak...the total is less than 80 people." Zhang Linyan quickly calculated the suddenly increased number of people.

For Wuxiang Peak, after revealing the details of the human figurines in the underground palace, this battle is already a rich battle with the number of people approaching 6:1.

Moreover, Zhang Linyan speculated that they must rely on the human figurines to carry out defensive counterattacks, rather than taking the initiative to eliminate all these elites. The final goal was to forcefully delay until the day of the sect competition.

It was already at the critical juncture of victory. However, the opponent sent out this kind of dimensionality-reducing strike force to defend. I wonder how serious this blow to the morale of the Twenty-Feng Alliance was.

There may even be situations where you surrender to the enemy midway...

If this is the case, then the elite cultivators from various countries who represent the Twenty Peaks and stand on the other side of Qu Shuling will be slapped hard.

It doesn't matter whether Wuxiang Peak has used its secrets or not. The important point is that they joined forces with the Twenty Peaks. They can't even take down Wuxiang Peak where Qu Shuling is.

If this matter is leaked, they will be very embarrassed.

"There must be a chance..."

Listening to Zhang Linyan's analysis, Li Changzhe frowned. At the same time, he was also thinking: "If we can use the remaining 100 human figurines here to join us, there may be a chance..."

He stared at these human figurines. A special thought arose in his heart.

Nowadays, these human figurines are missing arms and legs. In fact, this situation is caused by the insufficient production of psychic clay. It takes a long time to purify high-grade psychic clay. But now it is not difficult to pinch people. These capsules There is a robotic arm in the cabin. You just need to input the conceptual drawings on the tablet. It is very convenient to pinch a person out.

"What do you think would happen if we put all these people with missing arms and lameness together?" At this time, Li Changzhe suggested.

"But in this case, we won't have a hundred human figurines... We have to reduce them by at least half! We already can't beat them!" Zhang Linyan held her forehead and felt that her brain hurt.

"No...I mean. Reintegrate all the remaining psychic clay. Then design new drawings. Knead again!"

Li Changzhe was already a little excited. He pointed directly at a tablet and started to operate: "First, select all the human figurines from here to here!"

"You missed two choices..."

"These two are not important. One is pinching myself. The other is pinching Wang Yuanxi, who was just named by classmate Wang Ling. It is of commemorative significance. How can they be crushed and pinched together."

"Good guy. You're also bringing in private goods..." Zhang Linyan chuckled.

"Don't worry about the details. The point is my drawings."

Li Changzhe chuckled. He quickly used his fingers to outline the appearance of the newly designed figurine on the screen. In less than three minutes, the general appearance was completed.

Then, he stepped aside and showed it to everyone very proudly: "Look! How is it!"

"..."

Wang Ling saw the design drawings of the new figurines. He fell into deep thinking. He sighed in his heart. He felt that Li Changzhe's talkativeness could really be called a genius in a sense.

"This...is this your new design?"

Zhang Linyan was also dumbfounded: "It's quite delicate...but the body proportions seem a bit...you must think this is not a normal human figurine. Why does it look like a hobbit?"

Li Changzhe: "I did it on purpose. I just looked too short in the photo. And I don't agree with you saying he is a Hobbit. With my small and exquisite size, even a Hobbit should be a dwarf in The Hobbit."

Wang Ling, Zhang Linyan: "..."

But in this way, they finally understood Li Changzhe's thoughts.

Indeed...

If you do not create human figurines according to normal proportions, but re-integrate the psychic clay to create new ones according to the drawings and designs of these dwarf human figurines.

Based on the current psychic clay consolidation reserves, they will eventually get about 1,000 dwarf figurines...

Behind Wang Ling, Tie Yi and other miners were also dumbfounded.

This is Li Changzhe!

What a fucking genius!





Chapter 1970 Divine soldiers descend from heaven


There are a total of 1,000 modified dwarf figurines. Because the design of the drawing itself is relatively short and concise, it does not take too long to complete a whole one.

As long as you use the operating table here, you can completely realize automatic fabrication of a thousand dwarf figurines. And they can be put into use immediately after they are made. The entire automation time is estimated to take about an hour.

Wang Ling and Zhang Linyan both found that Li Changzhe was really not bad at all when it came to the ability to complete life. In particular, they discovered that among the thousand dwarf figurines, about 100 of them were quite special.

They don't have normal facial features. They actually have three ears and six eyes on their heads...

"What is this..." Zhang Linyan was stunned.

"Nezha." Li Changzhe said proudly.

"Nezha doesn't look like this! He has three heads and six arms! That's not the case! You are an alien! An alien!" Zhang Linyan really couldn't hold back her desire to complain. It stands to reason that being calm and collected should be a compulsory lesson for an archer. . But she doesn’t know why she feels that Li Changzhe’s operation is too outrageous.

"These 100 are specially designed scouts. The two armies are facing each other. What can we do without reconnaissance?"

Li Changzhe frowned and said: "But I changed it this way. The overall strength of this dwarf figurine seems to be not as good as that of a normal humanoid. It is only from the middle to the late Foundation Building period. That is, it is the level of a high school student in an ordinary cultivation high school..."

He kept thinking about it. When he said this, he glanced at Wang Ling again: "Sorry Wang Ling. I'm not talking about you. Although Number 60 High School is quite ordinary, you are an elite. Well! And he’s the mascot of the elite!"

Wang Ling: "..."

"That's not the point, hey!"

Zhang Linyan pushed Li Changzhe and pulled his ears.

Wang Ling stared at this scene and fell into deep thought. But what he was thinking deeply about was not these "monsters" created by Li Changzhe. Instead, he felt that the scene in front of him was very similar to those who seemed to have a crush on each other during class. The appearance of boys and girls.

He is laughing. She is making trouble...

Just at a quick glance, Wang Ling suddenly discovered that Zhang Linyan and Li Changzhe are quite compatible. And the key is that their personalities complement each other.

Wang Ling didn't stop him. He just folded his arms and watched quietly. He didn't expect that a common scene in the classroom would now happen in this underground palace.

Perhaps they noticed the scorching gazes of Wang Ling and the miners. Zhang Linyan and Li Changzhe were quite embarrassed. They blushed and turned their gazes to their respective operating stations in an attempt to distract everyone.

"Strange. Is there no alarm in this underground palace?"

At this time, Senior Brother Haorenfeng, who had been silent all this time, as if he had been forgotten by the author, and whose name had not even appeared, raised a question.

It stands to reason that they have modified the models of the remaining human figurines in the underground palace on such a large scale and invaded such a deep place. The Wuxiang Peak side should have noticed it a long time ago.

But now there is no response from the Phaseless Peak. This is obviously extremely abnormal.

Alarm devices and monitoring devices. Of course there are also underground palaces.

Wang Ling saw it the moment he entered the underground palace.

He originally wanted to use illusions to intervene secretly. But he found that Wang Ming took action first. He directly turned off the alarm device. Then he freezed the scene in the underground palace, keeping it in a shot where no one was invading. At the same time, he kept the time display on the upper right side normal. .

In this way, it was a seamless invasion. It was as if the Jingwei Thieves staged a grand assembly here.

But the fact is that Wuxiang Peak has no time to take into account the situation in the underground palace. In order to block the coalition forces of Twenty Peaks, after the four hundred completed human figurines went into battle, the leader of Wuxiang Peak was naturally planning a defensive layout. matters.

The remaining one hundred human figurines in the underground palace were all unfinished products with missing arms and legs. They had no time to pay attention to them.

The key point now is to postpone it until the day of the sect competition. The plan of the Twenty Peaks to join forces against the Phaseless Peak must not be allowed to succeed.

At this time, the peak leader of Wuxiang Peak held a tablet and began to deploy the four hundred warrior figurines that had entered the battle in Wuxiang Peak and surrounding high-terrain areas.

There was no need for modern weapons at all. He entered the magic formula of "Finger Spear Technique·Earth" into the four hundred fighting figurines.

This is a spell that can use local materials to turn soil into bullets. Then use the knuckles of your fingers as triggers to shoot the soil bullets at high speed.

The further the distance, the higher the damage. With their distance, as long as the vital points of those students can be concentrated, most of them will be eliminated before the sect competition.

At this time, four hundred late-stage Golden Core human figurines had already surrounded the highlands around Phaseless Peak. They all had exactly the same faces. It was as if someone had used a clone technique.

There is no shortage of earth elements in the mountains. They can use the "Finger Spear Art·Earth" spell to perfectly utilize the terrain to carry out highland sniper attacks on all invading coalition forces.

The current situation of Wuxiang Peak is no longer a situation of being beaten unilaterally. This is a serious positional battle. Wuxiang Peak uses human figurines to hold on to the high ground.

Even if those disciples are cowering on the top of the mountain and don't come out, there won't be any problem.

Such fortifications can be described as indestructible.

In front of the main position of Twenty Peaks. This wave of operations by Wuxiang Peak undoubtedly brought huge pressure to everyone.

Although the current Wuxiang Peak appears to be calm on the surface, everyone does not know why there is always an illusion that the top of the mountain seems to be obscured by an endless dark storm.

As long as you get a little closer to the center of the storm, you will have to pay the price of being shattered into pieces.

He is just a cultivator at the peak of the late Golden Core. Maybe there is not much pressure. As cultivators selected from high school students from various countries, many people have already entered the Golden Core in high school.

Some people are even on the same level as their own class teacher. Usually the class teacher uses coercion to intimidate them, but they are all unconcerned.

But now the situation is completely different. The late peak of four hundred Golden Cores is at the highest point. The superimposition of that kind of momentum can be described as terrifying.

"What should we do?" someone asked. He started to panic inexplicably.

In front of the coach's camp. Sun Rong is sitting upright. His slender jade-white fingers are intertwined, as if he is waiting for something.

She didn't reply.

Just a few minutes later, a slight shaking sound suddenly came from behind the Twenty Peaks Alliance camp. The extremely small dwarf human figurines sprung up like bamboo shoots after a rain. They kept popping up from the ground...

Sun Rong will know immediately.

This is the support arranged by Wang Ling.

Now, it’s time to level the Phaseless Peak!





Chapter 1971 The pattern is opened


On that day, when the sky in the Spiritual World Number 2 Trial Ground was just shrouded in darkness, a hundred pioneer dwarf figurines sent from the main peak of the Twenty Peaks had already taken advantage of the night to survey the nearby terrain.

These dwarf figurines, which were originally defined as "reconnaissance type" by Li Changzhe. Because of their special sensory design, they possess extraordinary keen insight. They quickly completely cleared the airtight defenses around Wuxiang Peak.

Many elite high school students from various countries who are proficient in perception spells have also arrived at the main camp at this moment.

Through the information transmitted back by these pioneer figurines, use "mapping" to construct a three-dimensional map in the void with spiritual energy. Determine the location of the attack.

Although the defense of Phaseless Peak is airtight, it is not completely without loopholes. They occupy a favorable terrain and can block attacks from top to bottom. However, they cannot change the topography.

"From point a here to point c. This place is covered by dense green spiritual plants. It is the best way to use it as a cover to move forward." Sun Rong said.

Finally, everyone decided on the final plan.

But at this moment, almost no one on Wuxiang Peak could imagine that their peak would be surrounded by a dense mass of special human figurines...

Under the cover of night, the terrain, and the special body shape, these human figurines sent by Twenty Peaks quickly relied on the terrain to shuttle from bottom to top. Although they were small in size, they were full of maneuverability.

They managed to move forward in silence. Even if they occasionally made noises during the operation, they would not arouse the suspicion of the Golden Core figurines on the Phaseless Peak.

At this time, the peak leader of Wuxiang Peak was holding a magical ball and was sitting in the main hall observing the overall situation.

The defensive deployment of four hundred Golden Core combat puppets gave him a great sense of security.

It's a pity that because of the reasons at the Jiutian Jingmi Academy command post, he can only use these humanoid battle puppets to defend and counterattack. If he can directly attack, just thinking about it makes people feel overwhelmed.

"Sect Master, I'm looking at the map shown by the ball. Is there any movement in the forest to the east?" Qi Yuheng has been standing on the edge. His observation skills are very keen. He frowned slightly.

"The mountain wind at Wuxiang Peak can be very strong at night. It is normal for the vegetation to sway."

The leader of Wuxiang Peak said: "And the ecology near Wuxiang Peak is good. Small spiritual beasts appear from time to time. It's not surprising. Do you think someone is hiding in it? Impossible. The vegetation is not high enough to hide a person. . The human body is still too large compared to those small spiritual beasts. Even if they crawl inside, there will be no small movement."

Qi Yuheng nodded slightly: "Of course I know this. I just want to remind the sect master. It's not the time to slack off yet. We still need to be cautious."

"Well. What you said makes sense. So..."

The leader of Wuxiang Peak nodded. Then he fiddled with the magic ball with one hand. With the other hand, he controlled the tablet in his hand and began to test the vegetation in the distance that seemed to have signs of biological activity.

The moment the nearest warrior figurine receives the order.

Chuchuchu!

The "Finger Spear Technique·Earth" was activated almost instantly. Three consecutive rounds of homemade bullets shot down from the high ground. Several airflows rubbed the air and passed quickly across.

This is just a tentative attack.

Then, more bullets came, aiming at the dense vegetation from the peak of Wuxiang Peak. Tens of thousands of bullets were fired in an instant. Although such magic bullets are small, they cover such dense firepower. If there is really someone in the vegetation Lying down. The probability of getting shot in the head is still very high.

Once someone is headshot, the elimination mechanism of the spiritual world will be triggered, and a golden light shield will be formed on the body.

By that time, it was clear whether there were people among the vegetation.

"It seems they are still very cautious." In the headquarters of Twenty Peaks, Sun Rong is also paying close attention to the situation ahead.

When the selected vegetation was attacked by finger-marking techniques, all the elite high school students around them almost held their breath.

Sun Rong's face was very calm, because she knew that the strength of these special figurines was actually higher than those of the earth bullets fired.

On the one hand, psychic clay is extremely tough. It will not be defeated by bullets made from ordinary clay.

On the other hand, these special figurines may be small in size, but warriors are warriors!

The mission they were created for was to fight. Not to mention the hail of bullets. Even if the sky fell apart and the earth fell apart, they would not frown.

For the sake of caution, Wuxiang Peak focused on that piece of vegetation for half an hour and then stopped.

There was no golden light shield. No other movement was seen. Not even a trace of wailing was heard.

At this time, the leader of Wuxiang Peak was officially relieved.

"Look. Let me tell you. This is the sound of the wind blowing. There is no one lurking in it. These people are ghosts and ghosts. There is no way they are hiding in there."

The leader of Wuxiang Peak said: "And given their level, it is impossible to use the Earth Escape Technique in that kind of terrain."

"The roots of these spiritual plants are no different from thorns. These spiritual plants were originally planted on the slope in that direction to prevent anyone from trying to enter my Phaseless Peak in a roundabout way through earth escape."

The leader of Wuxiang Peak is quite proud.

These spiritual plants look friendly on the surface, but the roots underneath are connected together, like a huge spider web. It is also full of barbs and spikes, which can effectively defend against the use of earth escape techniques. .

Using the Earth Escape Technique here will almost immediately trigger the elimination mechanism of the spirit world. It is no different from giving someone a head.

"The Sect Master's thinking is really thorough." Qi Yuheng smiled. There was a sparkle in his eyes, but he didn't know what he was thinking about.

"They are just some conventional tactical layouts. They are not moral." The leader of Wuxiang Peak waved his hand. He laughed: "It should be impossible for someone to hide in that spiritual plant and suffer our beatings in vain."

"The lord is wise!"

All the disciples in the sect master hall turned to him and saluted.

This kind of firepower offensive really made everyone feel more at ease.

Especially those elite cultivators from high school who chose to follow Qu Shuling into the Phaseless Peak.

After learning the news of Qu Shuling's disappearance, they were very panicked in the face of the attack of Twenty Peaks. Because if they could not survive the day of the sect competition and were eliminated in such a dejected manner, they would probably directly become The clown in the eyes of others. The elite image no longer exists.

But now, the defenses on the peak of Wuxiang Peak are strong. Even if they can't come out, there won't be any problem.

All that's left is to wait for the day of the sect competition. A fair 1v1 duel.

But what they didn't expect was...

At this moment, Wuxiang Peak was surrounded by a strange army of human figurines.

They may not be able to survive the day of the sect competition.

In addition to these thousands of special human figurines, in the dense forest at the foot of Wuxiang Peak, there is also a pair of dead fish eyes with delicate features staring in that direction...

At this moment.

Wang Ling looked in that direction of the void. There was a dark spiritual light passing from a distance.

Li Changzhe was right next to Wang Ling. Seeing this, he raised his hand politely to catch the light. Then a surprised expression appeared on his face: "It's amazing. It was repaired so quickly?"

This aura was none other than Qu Shuling's spiritual sword, Zhan Ye, which had been secretly repaired by Zhen Yuan.

At this time, Zhan Ye, the cracks on it had completely disappeared. The dark body was dotted with stars. The moment Li Changzhe held it, his eyes were covered by a galaxy illusion...

It was an illusion that came and disappeared in an instant.

I don't know why. Li Changzhe always feels that Zhan Ye's pattern is a bit opened up...





Chapter 1972 Qu Shuling’s counterattack


At this moment, a trace of suspicion flashed through Li Changzhe's heart. He didn't know if it was an illusion. He felt that Zhan Ye seemed to be different from before.

Logically speaking, this situation should not happen. Because Zhanye's own materials are already very special. Use the fourth-level materials they collected to repair the cracks. Logically speaking, it should be just enough to restore it.

Moreover, the conditions for weapon refining here are very limited. As far as Li Changzhe knows, this is only repaired by a few elite high school students who are proficient in weapon refining. Under such circumstances, it is a miracle that the repair can be completed... let alone strengthening.

With doubts in his heart, Li Changzhe tried to change Zhan Ye's hands.

This time, the illusion of the Milky Way did not appear before his eyes.

"Is it really possible that I'm hallucinating?" He muttered to himself while playing with Zhan Ye. The sword seemed to be obedient and showed no other reaction at all.

"What's wrong?" Zhang Linyan asked.

"It's okay. I just feel that Brother Qu's sword seems to have been repaired a little too well. It doesn't look like it was made by a high school student..." Li Changzhe said.

"..." Wang Ling remained silent. Did not dare to continue the conversation.

This time the repair work was done by Zhenyuan. It is naturally extraordinary.

Besides, it was just a piece of eighth-level cosmic material that was fused into the Sky Wall. You must know that the Zhenyuan Immortal people were trying to create a planet. That was much more difficult than refining a weapon.

"Among the elite high school students, there is indeed a hidden dragon and a crouching tiger. The repair of this sword is really good. Although I also know some methods of refining weapons, but in terms of skills, I am afraid I am not as mature as these elder brothers who practice swords." Zhang Linyan carefully observed the repair. The blade of the sword. I was also amazed in my heart.

"Indeed! If you have the chance, I really want to meet those brothers who are making weapons. Then find a place to try the sword!"

After saying that, Li Changzhe laughed loudly: "I've been envious of Brother Qu's sword for a long time. Do you want to find a place to practice sword practice? Such a high-level spiritual sword is not something you can usually come into contact with. It's just right. Let's go back for the trial this time. I will catch up with the monthly exam of the Spirit Sword class later. It would be better to take Brother Qu’s sword and look for it in advance."

"Good idea."

To Wang Ling's surprise, Zhang Linyan actually agreed with Li Changzhe's opinion: "We come to the spirit world to practice, actually. Qu Shuling's Zhanye is difficult to control because of its special materials. If we can master it, then the Spirit Sword Exam will definitely not be a problem."

Li Changzhe nodded, like a chicken pecking at rice: "Yes. Look at Wang Ling. He has always used that peach wood sword. It's too pitiful. This is a good spiritual sword. The difference is still huge. I can see it. Wang Ling Ah! I will give you a demonstration later!"

"..."

I don’t know why. Wang Ling suddenly had an ominous premonition.

...

At the same time, in the deep dream fruit forest on the other side, Qu Shuling's eyelids twitched. Just when Twenty Peaks were about to launch a surprise attack with special human figurines on Wuxiang Peak.

This top-ranked elite high school student woke up early and without warning, unexpectedly by everyone.

Shen Mengguo recovered some of Qu Shuling's injuries to a certain extent. He remained calm. He just closed his eyes slightly to observe the situation around him.

At this time, Qu Shuling discovered that four miners were guarding him.

Jam made from grinding Deep Dream Fruit was floating on the ground not far away. Qu Shuling immediately judged that these people would feed him some every once in a while so that he could always fall into a deep sleep.

However, what these people would not have thought of is that as the number one elite high school student, Qu Shuling actually carries out special resistance training to deal with this kind of situation.

Although the resistance level has not reached the highest level, Qu Shuling still has some resistance to those spiritual fruits with additional status and poisonous spiritual fruits.

Therefore, he was able to wake up early before the time for Shen Meng Guo to fall asleep.

So interesting...

At this moment, Qu Shuling pretended to be asleep, but was actually adjusting his state.

He sensed Zhan Ye's position. As a result, there was a tingling sensation in his mind. This signal directly told Qu Shuling that Zhan Ye had fallen into the hands of others.

Li Changzhe, Zhang Linyan...

Qu Shuling almost felt a sense of hatred. He chewed these two names in his heart like teeth. He has always been firmly ranked as the number one high school student. He never thought that his position would be challenged by others.

The result was unexpected. In this trial match, these two people directly exposed their identities as disciples of the Mist God and the Arrow God.

This undoubtedly made Qu Shuling feel complicated. He felt that his emotions should not be called jealousy. But he didn't know why he couldn't swallow this breath.

"--Sword comes!"

A surge of anger suddenly rose from his heart. When Qu Shuling called for the spirit sword to appear again, a spirit sword as pure as the bright moon appeared magnificently under the shroud of the moonlight in the dark night.

"What's going on?"

The four miners who were guarding Qu Shuling while chatting were shocked at the same time.

No one thought that Qu Shuling actually had a second spiritual sword besides Zhan Ye - Yue Li!

This is a trump card that Qu Shuling has never used before. No one has ever thought that this is the real killer move hidden behind Qu Shuling's back!

Qu Shuling originally planned to sacrifice Yue Li when the Earth Center Project began.

But now, after all, the plan cannot keep up with the changes. He can only reveal his final trump card in advance.

The combat power of this Yue Li is several times more terrifying than that of Zhan Ye. The moment it was summoned, under the cover of the hazy moonlight, Yue Li's sword edge shuttled back and forth around. Immediately, there were weapons and swords coming from all around. The sound of flesh being cut.

The protection mechanism of the four miners was immediately triggered and they were forced to exit the spirit world without realizing it.

Chi!

There was another sharp sound of sword. Qu Shuling directly controlled Yue Li to cut off the beef tendon ropes tied to his hands and feet.

He moved his wrists and slowly stood up from the ground. Although he fell asleep for a long time, thanks to the help of the Deep Dream Fruit, his injuries and spiritual power were also able to recover a lot.

I will never let you go...

Qu Shuling muttered to himself, staring deeply in one direction.

Then a ball of spiritual power gathered on his fingertips. After drawing a few symbols in the void, a golden spiritual sword contract appeared in front of him.

This is the spiritual sword contract between Qu Shuling and Zhan Ye. Now it is no longer needed for Qu Shuling.

He gritted his teeth and with a cruel heart, ordered Yue Li again to chop this contract into pieces!

At this point, he had no relationship with Zhan Ye at all.

Qu Shuling is a person with mysophobia.

When he thought that his spiritual sword Zhan Ye had been touched by others, this sword was already useless to Qu Shuling.

Anyway, the Yue Li he has now is much stronger than Zhan Ye!





Chapter 1973 The cunning academic master


Forcibly canceling the spirit sword contract is an extremely painful experience for the spirit sword master. At that moment, the body will feel as if it has been cut by a sharp blade, causing an instant sharp pain from the soul.

At the same time, this kind of pain will be transmitted to the abandoned spirit sword simultaneously.

The moment the contract was forcibly interrupted, Wang Ling discovered something strange almost simultaneously.

He followed Li Changzhe and Zhang Linyan silently. He wanted to quietly watch the two men's sword-testing scene with great interest. However, the two of them were so excited that they didn't realize that Zhan Ye had been abandoned by Qu Shuling.

At that moment, the stars scattered on Zhan Ye's pitch-black sword became much dimmer. Wang Ling saw some mist condensing on Zhan Ye's sword. Then it condensed. It turned into a drop of pitch black water and rolled down along the edge of the sword...

Being abandoned by the owner. Such pain is indeed difficult to describe in words for the spirit sword itself.

In the Sword King Realm, Wang Ling saw countless spiritual swords and sword spirits of all kinds that were bred in the chaos. And the sword spirits in the world were all bred in the Sword King Realm and matched according to the actual situation.

It is not easy for an ordinary cultivator to give birth to a sword spirit from his spirit sword. If he does not put enough emotion into the spirit sword, he will not be able to make the spirit sword sense the resonance from the Sword King Realm and establish a sword spirit. match.

Maybe to the former Qu Shuling, Zhan Ye might really be a special existence...

At this moment, Wang Ling was thoughtful. He had no intention of comforting Zhan Ye. After all, with his clumsy language organization skills, he really couldn't think of any good words to comfort him.

As a mature sword spirit, Zhan Ye should also have his own adjustment ability.

Of course. In the view of Wang Ling.

The separation between Zhan Ye and Qu Shuling is actually inevitable.

As the director of this scene, from the moment he decided to repair Zhan Ye, he had already seen through the subsequent plot.

"Buzz!"

It was late at night. Accompanied by the sound of loud horns blowing suddenly around Wuxiang Peak, the night attack of Twenty Peaks suddenly began! Those special human figurines hidden in the spiritual plants suddenly swarmed up and headed straight for the sect leader's hall of Wuxiang Peak. .

A thousand human figurines are like sharp knives, piercing straight into the heart!

They were like magic soldiers descending from the sky. They suddenly launched an attack when everyone was slacking off. And this attack can be said to affect the whole body.

"What's going on! Where did these...these weird things come from!" The leader of Wuxiang Peak and the disciples were all panicked. They never thought that they had already tested it before. Such things were actually hidden in the absolutely safe spiritual plant area. There are so many dwarf human figurines.

The iron barrel defense layout that the leader of Wuxiang Peak thought he had arranged before was also defeated almost instantly under this sudden night attack.

In order to protect the lord's hall, the lord Wuxiang Peak had to re-mobilize the fighting figurines that had been stationed at the commanding heights to return to defense.

And this transfer actually gave the other twenty peaks an opportunity to break through and encircle them.

"Do it!"

In front of the general's camp. Sun Rong looked at the smoothly unfolding battle situation in front of him and remained unmoved. He shouted coldly.

The coalition of disciples from the twenty peaks has been waiting for this moment for more than a year. Almost at the moment when the order was given, everyone controlled the magic weapon that can increase the movement speed and quickly approached the Phaseless Peak. This kind of group attacked Night attacks and encirclements almost exerted their greatest strategic advantage under darkness.

Those human figurines occupying the commanding heights have tried every means to block it. However, the special human figurines nearby are already interfering with them.

These short special human figurines were surrounded in twos and threes. Under the cover of night, they turned into terrifying "facehuggers". The division of labor was clear and they knocked down these fighting figurines one by one.

"It seems the attack went well."

The mountain behind Wuxiang Peak came out. Such a passionate attack sound from the front made Li Changzhe and Zhang Linyan couldn't help but sigh in admiration.

They originally planned to secretly go up the mountain and find the guardian spirit beasts of Wuxiang Peak to try. However, they did not expect that the Twenty Peaks Allied Forces had already taken the lead in launching a night attack. The attack went very smoothly.

Now they have nothing to do...

"Boom!"

Just when Li Changzhe was stunned, a huge meteor trailing a white tail flame in the distance hit their location without any warning.

This psychic light bullet, as white as the bright moon, was not fired from the direction of the battlefield. Li Changzhe and others were overwhelmed with reaction. A small mushroom cloud almost immediately rose in the direction where they were.

However, when the smoke of the explosion dissipated, Li Changzhe found that several of them were actually unscathed. Because at this moment, Zhan Ye quickly separated a dark psychic protective barrier and blocked the sudden attack of the light bomb. Block out.

"So you are here."

The next second, Qu Shuling's familiar voice came. He was caught off guard with this sudden attack. He thought that with Yue Li's power, he could at least blow up the three people hugging each other. But instead, he was blocked by a pitch black spiritual sword. It's blocked.

This made Qu Shuling feel a little unhappy. He was Zhan Ye's former master after all. He didn't expect that after breaking away from Zhan Ye, the traitor would find a new home so quickly.

"Brother Qu, I didn't expect you to have a spiritual sword here. Your sword, we repaired it for you while you were resting. You just don't want it anymore? What a pity." Li Changzhe saw this scene . I couldn’t help but turn on the taunting mode.

Shu Ling has endured this broken mouth for a long time. The corners of his mouth immediately twitched violently: "I have been touched by your dirty hands. Of course I don't want it anymore. This Yueli of mine is better!"

"Really? I think the repaired Zhan Ye is stronger," Li Changzhe said.

He was angry at Qu Shuling on purpose, but in fact, when he saw the Yueli offered by Qu Shuling, he was already in a state of disgust.

Because in the previous competition, many people thought that Qu Shuling had already used his unique skill by sacrificing Zhan Ye. Unexpectedly, he actually had a second spiritual sword in his hand that was more powerful than Zhan Ye...

Is this the common mentality of those cunning academics!

For example, I obviously did very well in the exam, but I said I failed!

Another example: Tell the outside world that you are resting all day long, but in fact you are practicing secretly in a place where no one is around!

Another example. People always think that they have no trump cards. But in the blink of an eye, they pull out a brand new pair of trump cards!

The corners of Li Changzhe's mouth twitched. Sure enough... he had a reason to hate Qu Shuling.

"Brother Qu, isn't it a pity to use your Yue Li here?" At this time, Li Changzhe couldn't help but complain.

"Are you scared?"

Qu Shuling's face was expressionless.

He sneered in his heart.

Indeed. What Li Changzhe said is also true.

Yue Li is so strong that even an elite high school student would find it difficult to control. After all, the quality is at the level of a sacred weapon. It is far superior to ordinary spiritual swords and immortal swords! He doesn’t know how much hard work he put into taming Yue Li...

After all, this is a testing ground for the spirit world. There is a protection mechanism in place.

Now Qu Shuling just wants to eliminate Li Changzhe, Zhang Linyan and Wang Ling.

As long as Yue Li performs normally, he can take all three of them away with one sword.

Under normal circumstances, it would indeed be a bit dangerous for Na Yue Li to test the sword against these elite high school students.

However, what Qu Shuling didn't know at this time was.

Wang Ling has exactly the opposite idea.

Because before, Li Changzhe's idea was to test the sword with a spiritual beast. But now Qu Shuling came to his door.

Just take the newly made Zhan Ye and test the sword on people.

It's indeed a bit dangerous...





Chapter 1974 Zhan Ye·Return to Heaven


Qu Shuling obviously came with a sense of hatred. He put on new spare clothes. All the internal and external injuries on his body were restored with the help of Deep Dream Fruit.

"Anti-toxic training...miscalculated." As soon as Li Changzhe saw this scene, he realized that Qu Shuling must have conducted strict anti-toxic training on himself. Therefore, he was able to suppress the medicinal properties of the Deep Dream Fruit. Wake up early before your sleep time reaches saturation.

They are all elite high school students with three heads and three legs. Although Li Changzhe thinks that his overall ability is not as good as Qu Shuling's, he still has this bit of discernment.

At this time, Qu Shuling was holding Yue Li. I wonder if it was because he was full of confidence in Yue Li. His whole person showed an extremely relaxed state of mind. He twisted his neck and made a clicking sound as his muscles and bones rotated.

"No one has ever forced me into such a mess." Qu Shuling sneered, staring directly at the three people in front of Wang Ling.

Obviously, this is telling Wang Ling that he is no longer interested in the situation on the battlefield ahead. He doesn't even care about the sect competition and points issues later.

Now he just wants revenge. He can regain his lost face from the hands of the disciples of the Mist God, the Arrow God disciples and the Number 60 High School mascot.

The atmosphere in front of me suddenly became tense.

Even Li Changzhe and Zhang Linyan, who have seen a lot of elite high school students, have never heard of a high school student who can directly control a holy weapon-quality spiritual sword...a holy weapon-quality spiritual sword. If they can master it skillfully . Even in college, he can become a dominant player.

At the high school level, with a spiritual sword of holy weapon quality, it would be no problem to sweep the entire situation.

In the final analysis, after Li Changzhe saw the existence of Yue Li, he suddenly had no confidence in Zhanye after repair. The quality gap could not be made up by repair... No matter how perfect the repair was, it would be useless. Unless the reverse was added. The heaven-level sword was remade from the furnace. Otherwise, it would never be able to match the current Qu Shuling.

"Do you have any last words?" Qu Shuling's eyes were cold.

From behind him, the bright moonlight fell down, and then gradually condensed into reality in the illusion. Soon it materialized into a warrior of medium build, with long gray hair and cold eyes.

A crescent moon mark was clearly outlined in the center of his helmet, reflecting a beautiful light luster. Everything around him seemed to have calmed down with the appearance of the Yueliang Sword.

Li Changzhe and Zhang Linyan immediately frowned. They both understood that this was the calm before the storm. This tranquility was just an illusion. In fact, it was the fact that they had completely restrained their murderous intent.

This is the most terrifying place.

Then there was a sound of "Boom!". The moment Qu Shuling's eyes flashed across it, Yue Li moved.

His speed was unbelievable. It was countless times faster than Zhan Ye before. Zhang Linyan had just raised her bow. Yue Li had already appeared behind her. She raised her sword fingers together and aimed directly at the snow-white neck to cut. .

"careful!"

Li Changzhe reacted quickly. He immediately wrapped Zhang Linyan with the Mist Resolving Technique. This was a method of changing his body. He allowed himself to bear the blow on Zhang Linyan's behalf.

But Yue Li's attack speed was still too fierce. Even though Li Changzhe had used his fastest reaction ability, the existence of the holy weapon level spirit sword was tantamount to a dimensionality reduction attack. Most of Zhang Linyan's long hair was cut off on the spot.

"You're a man. You actually cut off a girl's hair. You don't have martial ethics!" Not to mention Zhang Linyan, even Li Changzhe was annoyed. He had no idea that Qu Shuling was really going to kill her.

What's more shocking to him is that Yue Li's attack speed is really too fast.

I'm afraid even the people at Jiutian Jingmi Academy would not have thought that Qu Shuling could actually control a holy weapon-level spirit sword. Moreover, Yue Li's characteristic is a naturally super high attack speed. It is so fast that even the system's default defense shield mechanism is blocked. Unable to react.

In other words...

Fortunately, the blow just now only took away a section of hair. If it had really been scratched on the neck, Zhang Linyan would have been seriously injured! Or even killed on the spot!

"He's serious..." Seeing her ponytail being taken away and instantly transformed into ear-length hair, Zhang Linyan's heart also grew angry.

She felt that Qu Shuling had gone crazy. He would blatantly kill them.

Even if it's the sect competition in a few days, you still have to be careful!

"Good guy, Qu Shuling. You hate attacking your own people so much. Are you really a gangster? Why don't you attack those elite high school students in foreign countries? Now your mask of hypocrisy has been completely taken off. .Are you really completely shameless?"

Li Changzhe couldn't help but started to complain. He showed his voluptuous nature.

Wang Ling was watching and listening quietly on the side. Although Li Changzhe's words were a bit rough, they were not crude. And the key is that every word was murderous and heartbreaking. It directly hurt Qu Shuling. of vital importance.

"Are you worthy of being the number one high school student? I wonder if you have obtained a green card from a foreign country. Are you going to kill your own people and then use the points to transfer your nationality?"

"I really didn't expect you to be this kind of person! Speaking of which...you are not the legendary walking half a million, are you! Sister Zhang, is it too late to report him now!"

...

Such crazy and endless taunts made Qu Shuling's whole body tremble with anger. He had never seen such a hateful person.

"Shut up, you!"

From Wang Ling's perspective, at that moment, Qu Shuling was really anxious. He was made red-eyed by Li Changzhe on the spot.

The differentiated Moonlight Warrior behind him also moved more fiercely and fiercely than before. He began to cut at Li Changzhe desperately at all costs. Endless sword lights and sword shadows came towards Li Changzhe. It was so dazzling that people could not tell the authenticity of the sword shadows. and action trajectories.

It seems like the sarcasm is going too far...

Li Changzhe was puzzled. He had only used half of his skills. God knew that Qu Shuling's ability to withstand pressure was so poor.

Such an offensive made him very nervous. He almost subconsciously used Zhan Ye to resist. However, the shadow of the sword in the sky made him feel desperate at this moment...

This is an attack with no blind spots. Even if you use the Mist Resolving Technique, you will be severely damaged by such a cold sword energy.

However, something unexpected happened.

At the moment when the thousands of sword shadows of Moonlight Warrior's "Thunder Moon Sword" fell densely like raindrops, Zhan Ye's black shield with no blind spots rushed in. General Li Changzhe, who turned into a solid eggshell with no blind spots, Zhang Linyan and Wang Ling were wrapped in it.

These dense moonlight sword shadows turned the black shield into a hedgehog on the spot.

Then, the black shield began to rotate while visible to the naked eye.

After a few seconds, there was a bang!

The sword shadows inserted into the black shield were all bounced back!

After a period of deathly silence in the entire Jiutian Jingmi courtyard.

After a long time, Teng Luchen finally uttered a slightly trembling voice due to excitement: "This is...Old Yi's Kaitian Sword Technique? Good guy. When did he accept a disciple..."





Chapter 1975 Completely Darkened


"It's really a swordsmanship that returns to heaven..."

At the same moment, Jing Heqiu once again compared the accurate data about the "Huitian Sword Technique". This is a technique that uses the sword energy of the spiritual sword to wrap itself up to form a shield. All the fired spells and hidden weapons adapt to the whirling sword energy. All the sword skills bounced back.

This is one of the secret arts that Yi Jianchuan learned before he became famous. It has extremely high requirements for the precise operation of sword energy. Even among those who have a tenth-level swordsmanship registration certificate, they want to reproduce it perfectly. Very few people came out.

Therefore, Teng Luchen was sure of one thing at that moment. That is, unless this matter was personally passed down by Sword Master Yi Jianchuan... it would be impossible to achieve exactly the same data.

He was extremely pleasantly surprised. He was a young monk with a tenth level of fog skills. He was also a person with a tenth level of swordsmanship!

Li Changzhe. How many more surprises can it bring him?

Such a magical discovery made Teng Luchen completely forget about testing Wang Ling for a brief moment... It can be said that Li Changzhe is the genius he has been looking for!

He's only less than 20 years old. He's still a high school student... Not only has his level reached the early stage of Golden Core, but he's also supervising the practice of fog and swordsmanship and has reached the tenth level!

Even Qu Shuling, who is recognized as the strongest in the world, does not have such an ability!

The most important thing is that before this trial in the spiritual world, Li Changzhe did not reveal his true strength at all.

"What a low-key kid." Teng Luchen lamented in his heart that Li Changzhe had hidden so much. He was quite moved by his unobtrusive approach.

"Yes, Mr. Teng. Even I... was a little touched."

Jing Heqiu secretly wiped away tears and said: "Classmate Li is so low-key. He seems to be quite popular. You see, he also wants to help Qu Shuling repair the spirit sword. And judging from the accuracy of the repair, he should know Classmate Li." A master who has reached at least the tenth level of weapon refining. Our harvest this time is really great."

"nice."

Teng Luchen repeatedly lamented: "Not only does his cultivation surpass those of his peers, but he also possesses many full-level specialties. He had been living a low-key life before. And in this low-key life, he was able to maintain his friendship... This child's discovery . It is indeed a surprise for me. Not only his cultivation, but also his moral character."

Such continuous compliments stunned Jing Heqiu. He had never heard Teng Luchen look so satisfied with a person. He even did not hesitate to praise him with effusive words.

At the same time, Jing Heqiu also heard that there was something in Teng Luchen's words.

If we want to talk about why Li Changzhe's actions in all aspects are particularly touching under this situation, the support of his peers is often also very crucial.

What Qu Shuling did this time really frustrated many people.

Although the content of the trial in the spirit world is confidential, all the data in it, including the video data, will not be leaked. No one would have thought that Qu Shuling would reveal his true self under such circumstances.

Take the matter of repairing the spiritual sword as an example. It was clear that Zhan Ye had completed the repair, but he chose to directly abandon the connection with Zhan Ye, sever the contract, and also tried to take revenge.

"I didn't expect that Qu Shuling's murderous intention was so serious." Jing Heqiu whispered to the side. He is a smart man. After knowing this trial in the spirit world, Shangfeng will definitely adjust his strategic tilt towards Qu Shuling. and attitude.

Although the current situation does not seem to be complete enough to abandon Qu Shuling, Jing Heqiu, who is responsible for the specific implementation of this adjustment of Qu Shuling's overall strategic attitude, still has to test Shangfeng's intentions first.

Therefore, Teng Luchen's attitude became very crucial.

What he said this time was actually a temptation.

I saw that Teng Luchen's original excited expression gradually dimmed. His white eyebrows were furrowed. After a long time, he answered: "I leave all the decisions regarding Qu Shuling to you."

Disposal opinions...

Jing Heqiu was shocked.

He thought that Shangfeng had not completely given up on Qu Shuling. But now these words made his attitude very clear.

What does disposal mean?

What kind of people need to be dealt with?

Under normal circumstances, only those who have made serious mistakes and have major moral flaws will use the word disposal to describe the strategic resource adjustment within Jiutian Jingmi Hospital.

In other words, he is ready to cut ties with Qu Shuling.

Even Shengke may be affected by Qu Shuling's relationship and directly lose his qualifications for the big list of the Earth Center Project.

This is a big event. Once word spreads, it will definitely stir up a huge stir...

Even Jing Heqiu was a little dumbfounded. He never expected that Teng Luchen would give up so decisively.

"Teng Lao...will you give me another chance...Young people always make mistakes when doing things." He asked secretly.

"I only believe what I see."

Teng Luchen said leisurely: "Besides, I have given him the greatest dignity..."

That's all. Jing Heqiu completely understood what Teng Luchen meant.

Activate the sacred-level spiritual sword. Exploit loopholes in the protection mechanism system of the spiritual world and harm other people. For this alone, it is not an exaggeration to send Qu Shuling directly to the Xiuzhen Police Station for legal punishment.

But the good thing is...

Now in the battle situation, although Qu Shuling confidently activated his sacred weapon Yue Li, he didn't seem to get any advantage.

...

"What kind of swordsmanship is this..."

At the same time, on the other side, the leaders who were in the center of the war and had been monitored by the outside world thought that they were Queen Qu Shuling. Li Changzhe, the focus of the outstanding genius with both moral character and excellent moral character, had no idea that there were already two gentlemen in front of the monitor. Cried for him.

At the same time, his face showed a confused state. He had no idea what was going on.

He stared in astonishment at Zhan Ye in his hand and Qu Shuling in front of him who was struggling to block the backlash of the Thunder Moon Sword. His eyes were blank.

He didn't know if it was an illusion. He felt that the Zhanye in his hand... seemed to have become a spirit!

This sword seems to have a mind of its own!

It will move with his body!

He didn't even know how he performed the sword technique just now. He just performed it naturally.

"Aren't you always bad at swordsmanship?"

At this time, facing Zhang Linyan's questioning, Li Changzhe could not argue: "No, Sister Zhang...that's not the case."

"What the hell! You blocked the attack of the holy weapon level spirit sword! And it bounced back! Why are you so skilled!"

Li Changzhe: "..."

Wang Ling was watching a show on the side. The quarrel between the two had a flirtatious flavor. It was quite enjoyable to watch.

However, in the eyes of some people, this scene becomes a bit too Versailles and dazzling.

Qu Shuling, who was in a difficult group and had rebounded in Zhanye's swordsmanship, was almost distorted in his mind at this time.

It was just a sword that he had abandoned...it could actually block the holy weapon in his hand! This was something he could not accept no matter what.

And at this moment, Li Changzhe's nerves were almost stretched to the extreme.

Although he was not sure what happened specifically and what was the condition of the repaired Zhan Ye.

But now the powerful murderous aura seeping out of Qu Shuling had made him feel as cold as falling into an ice cave.

"This is completely dark..."

Li Changzhe felt bitter in his heart. He didn't expect that Qu Shuling's nature would be so terrifying after he was completely liberated.





Chapter 1976 The damn desire to win among men


The current state of Qu Shuling is obviously wrong. It is true that this kind of psychological distortion also has some elements of personality trends. In addition, Qu Shuling has been habitually wearing that aloof mask for many years. Now that his true nature has completely exploded, it will naturally happen. There is an indescribable feeling of horror.

Although Qu Shuling was very hateful, after calming down, Li Changzhe still considered it from a rational point of view. He felt that if he continued like this, he might make this grudge fall into an endless cycle.

He has no interest in exposing Qu Shuling's true face. Youdao will only see people's hearts over time.

If you want people to be ignorant, you have to do it yourself. The more a person likes to disguise himself, the uglier he becomes when his mask is taken off. And the person who takes off this mask, Li Changzhe, has no interest in becoming one. He I think time is enough to prove everything.

The key at hand is how to calm down Qu Shuling. After all, this crazy group has gone dark. He is worried that the continued fighting will put all of them into a lose-lose situation.

"Brother Qu, calm down. Let's do this. We might as well make a bet. Continuing to fight is nothing more than consuming the spiritual energy between you and me. But it will make other people reap the benefits, right?" At this time, Li Changzhe said. .

He knew that Qu Shuling was a very sophisticated egoist. As long as it was beneficial to him, Qu Shuling would take it into consideration.

Of course, the current negotiation is still risky. After all, Qu Shuling is already a black man. Negotiating with such a madman. Li Changzhe even feels a little crazy.

Wang Ling folded his arms and observed quietly. He found that Li Changzhe usually lived like a reckless man, but he could calm down at critical moments.

"Oh? But now, I just want to kill you." Qu Shuling's eyes were cold. His eyes were like a hyena that had been hungry for several days. He bit Li Changzhe tightly and wouldn't let go.

But Li Changzhe also noticed that Qu Shuling didn't make any extra moves. He just stared at him and stood there.

He reacted immediately.

I know there is still room for negotiation in this "gamble"...

Although this crazy criticism has gone dark, it has not completely gone dark yet.

"Let's do this, Brother Qu. If you win this bet, I can let you stab me with a sword. You won't need any magic weapon to protect your body, and I won't use any spells. You can stab where you want. It's up to you. If you lose." How about just leaving the trial field on your own?" Li Changzhe said.

"interesting."

Qu Shuling sneered. Then he asked, "How do you want to bet?"

Li Changzhe immediately said: "You and I stand on the same level. We wave our sword energy facing the ground in the open area. See whose sword energy can stretch longer. Take the sword marks on the ground as the criterion. This is between you and me. A gentleman's relationship. Make an appointment. No one is allowed to cheat. If you can beat me, then you are great."

These words sounded ordinary, but in fact they captured Qu Shuling's heart in an instant.

That's okay too...

Zhang Linyan was holding her forehead from behind.

She was stunned.

As the only girl in the room, I never expected that things would develop in this direction.

Sure enough, happiness between men is so simple...

And he always likes to make small bets that are completely meaningless.

Even the bets are ridiculous.

However, when Qu Shuling really accepted the challenge, Zhang Linyan couldn't help but start to worry about the outcome of the game.

"Their spiritual sword is a sacred weapon... Our sword was repaired after being damaged. Can it be compared? Can you win?" She transmitted the message secretly. She sounded particularly anxious. Although Zhang Linyan knew that Li Changzhe was probably thinking of What kind of backhand did I have to dare to propose such a duel? But I still feel a little unsure.

Wang Ling was calm. After all, only Wang Ling in the audience knew how powerful Zhan Ye was now.

And the fundamental reason why Li Changzhe proposed this matchup did not lie with Zhan Ye. After all, he still knew nothing about Zhan Ye's power.

Therefore, he just thought of another trick and tried to use a side door to defeat the enemy.

"Don't worry, Sister Zhang. There will be no problem." Li Changzhe was full of confidence.

What they compare to is the extension of sword energy.

This is also one of the regular events in the normal Spirit Sword Competition.

According to Li Changzhe's idea, as long as he applies fog method to the sword edge while slashing Zhan Ye, theoretically, the sword energy entrained with water mist can be fully integrated through the water molecules in the air, thus making the sword energy The length reaches several times higher than the original distance. But the disadvantage is that such sword energy will become soft and has no lethality at all.

But what they competed with was the extension of sword energy. Therefore, Li Changzhe felt that this method was feasible. There was a high probability that he could defeat Qu Shuling.

After agreeing on the rules, Qu Shulingbian and Li Changzhe came to the same level.

"Brother Qu, please invite me first." Li Changzhe pretended to be polite.

Qu Shuling snorted. Without saying a word, he just held Yue Li in his hand. He pointed at an open area and began to swing his sword upwards and began to accumulate power. When the spiritual power condensed on the sword body to a critical point.

Whoosh!

Qu Shuling struck down with a sword in the air!

It can only be said that the holy weapon level spiritual sword is worthy of being a holy weapon level. The powerful sword energy of this sword showed the momentum of a tiger roaring and a dragon roaring the moment it was released. The bright sword energy almost followed Qu Shuling's feet. The tip spreads forward, splitting the earth.

The holy moonlight sword energy illuminated the jungle in front of the night. Then there was only the sound of countless big trees being cut apart by the sword energy.

Zhang Linyan was dumbfounded. It was just a sword strike from Qu Shuling. The sword energy moved four hundred meters the moment it was released, and it was also increasing in speed as time went by.

Yue Li's sword energy is too weird. It's like a parabola. The sword energy's real power point is only halfway through.

Zhang Linyan made a rough calculation using his own visual skills as an archer. Qu Shuling's sword energy lasted for twenty-six seconds before stopping. The average propulsion distance per second had reached 600 meters, already exceeding the speed of sound.

Nearly sixteen kilometers of sword energy...

On the other side, Li Changzhe's silent calculation had almost the same result.

He immediately frowned. He felt that he had slightly underestimated Yue Li's strength.

This distance is similar to Li Changzhe's previous method of using a side door to win. If it was just a simple sword test, he felt that he would definitely not be able to win.

And whether you can win now really depends on luck.

Li Changzhe gritted his teeth.

He stood at the same level as Qu Shuling. He suppressed his blush. It could be seen that he had used up all his spiritual power. It was all poured into Zhan Ye's sword.

The next second.

Accompanied by his slashing sword forward, there was a loud bang that exploded the eardrums of everyone in this spiritual world trial field.

A black crescent sword energy with a height of more than ten meters rushed forward like the fangs of a vampire at the moment Li Changzhe slashed out.

This kind of power is more frightening than Yue Li. At the moment of sacrifice, the heaven and earth are different. Even the night sky changes color. It is dyed with a layer of blood red that belongs to Zhan Ye.

The initiator of all this was stunned on the spot and had no idea what was happening.

At this time, Li Changzhe did not even realize the seriousness of the problem.

Because the sword energy he slashed directly shattered the entire Number 2 Spirit World Trial Field...





Chapter 1977 The fake show comes true


Li Changzhe's sword caused the entire Number 2 Spirit World Trial Field to change color.

The black crescent-shaped sword energy moved forward along the earth. Then it crushed forward in an unstoppable manner with astonishing destructive power.

No one expected that this black sword energy would become more powerful. It was like a winding black dragon.

Everything in its path was ground to dust and ceased to exist...

When the astonishing sword energy came, the offensive at the front of the battlefield went smoothly. The leader of the Wuxiang Peak led the crowd to resist. It was about to surrender.

As a result, at this moment, an astonishing sword energy roared out from outside the main hall, overturning the entire mountain.

At that moment, everyone's protection mechanism was triggered and they were sent directly out of the spirit world trial field.

This was a huge destruction like the end of the world. No one could have imagined that a sword from an elite high school student could cut the entire world into pieces.

In fact, when the black crescent sword energy was generated, most of the surveillance equipment in Jiutian Jingmi Hospital was disconnected.

The disconnection is accompanied by a continuous system overheating alarm.

"What's going on!" Teng Luchen was looking at it well at first, but then the whole screen went black. Then a string of bright red 404 flashing numbers flew past the screen.

"Huiteng Lao. The Number 2 trial ground collapsed... everyone was forced to exit the spirit world. This includes the actors. And it is certain that the actors cannot go back." Jing Heqiu said.

If it is just a regular system failure, even if students are forcibly pushed out of the spirit world, the actors in the spirit world will still be online. Because they have different permissions, they will not be directly offline due to a regular failure.

But the current situation is obviously unusual.

"Is the system directly damaged..." Teng Luchen was also puzzled: "How powerful is Classmate Li's sword?"

"Teng Lao is worried too much. No matter how strong an elite high school student is, it is impossible for him to use such sword energy."

Jing Heqiu said: "The preliminary results analyzed by the technical department are now available."

"How to say?"

"They think it was probably when Classmate Li swung his sword that the sword energy happened to hit the secret door of the Number 2 training ground, causing the entire training ground to collapse."

"Secret door?"

"Teng Lao should know. All the trial grounds in the spirit world are transplanted from real scenes using spells and professional magic weapons. They are like a huge puzzle. And these puzzles need to be linked together. . You need professional magic tools to build secret doors... This is an invisible substance. It is used to link every scene with the stability of the spiritual world."

Jing Heqiu said: "And for safety reasons, the secret door will change its position every second..."

"I understand. What you mean is that Student Li's sword energy just hit the changing secret door." Teng Luchen said.

"Exactly." Jing Heqiu bowed.

"There is such a thing..."

Teng Luchen was speechless. From the current point of view, this seems to be the only explanation.

The secret door is equivalent to the stabilizer linking the scene. Once destroyed, the world will immediately fall into collapse.

However, after such a damage, the entire spiritual world will need to undergo maintenance and repair work for a period of time. It is impossible to rematch or conduct the subsequent selection test.

Teng Luchen secretly thought that he was unlucky. He didn't expect that he would encounter this kind of thing at the critical moment of the Earth Center Project. However, this Number 2 spiritual world trial was considered a success.

At least he gained the two Wolong Fengchu, Li Changzhe and Zhang Linyan, and recognized Qu Shuling's true face.

Now he also counts the top students among these elite high school students.

"Hurry up and arrange the restoration work in the spirit world. Also confirm the information of all students and cast and crew. See if anyone is injured."

After Teng Luchen finished speaking, he sighed.

He originally wanted to choose a partner from the final winner of the Number 2 Spirit World Trial Field to participate in the Earth Center Project. However, he did not expect that the plan could not keep up with the changes.

"Yes. I will make arrangements now. But..."

"But what?"

"That's it, Mr. Teng. According to the system display, there seems to be one person left in the spirit world now..." Jing Heqiu said awkwardly while stroking his tablet.

"The secret doors were destroyed. Everyone was sent out. How could there be anyone still there?" Teng Luchen showed great confusion.

The Number 2 Proving Ground is now completely shattered. All the built scenes no longer exist. If anyone is trapped in it, it will be a white space. There is nothing.

"It's classmate Wang Ling."

Jing Heqiu said awkwardly: "Do you remember Mr. Teng? He had a privilege card in his hand... It should have been when everyone was forced out. The privilege card conflicted with it. It forced classmate Wang Ling to stay Entered the spirit world. The backup system shows that classmate Wang Ling's vital signs are currently stable. There are no abnormalities."

"..."

Teng Luchen was completely stunned by these words.

There is actually such an operation...

He was silent for several minutes. Finally he said, "This classmate Wang is indeed the Sixty Mascot..."

Originally, he always thought there was something special about Wang Ling.

But after this trial in the spirit world, Teng Luchen discovered that maybe his original judgment about Wang Ling was indeed wrong.

Maybe this kid is really just lucky...

"Hurry up and repair the passage. Bring classmate Wang out safely."

"Teng Lao, do you want to see him again?"

"No need. Let him go back and have a good rest... By the way. Remember to send him a box of noodles as a token of sympathy."

"My subordinate understands."

...

When Wang Ling was rescued, it was already early morning on Friday, January 17th.

He deliberately stayed in the spirit world, because only Wang Ling knew the true situation best. The collapse of the spirit world was definitely not caused by the destruction of the secret door. It was purely because Zhan Ye's sword energy was too fierce.

So Wang Ling deliberately stayed in the spirit world. It looked like an oolong operation that consumed the privilege card. In fact, it was to stay and destroy the secret door. This made the accident more real.

For Wang Ling, this second trip to the spirit world was still very rewarding. At least he knew that Teng Luchen's attention had shifted away from him, and he began to care about Li Changzhe and Zhang Linyan.

Especially Li Changzhe.

The various outstanding performances in the trial field this time were eye-catching in every aspect. They were far more dazzling than themselves.

Of course Wang Ling also knows. As a director, since he helped Li Changzhe and Zhang Linyan arrange the script, whether the script can be self-justified is also the key.

"Disciples of the Mist God. The identities of the disciples of the Arrow God are all fake. What are you going to do next?" Wang Ying's voice came from Wang Ling's mind on the way home from Jiutian Jingmi Academy's special car. sounded.

"Then... the fake show comes true..."

Wang Ling was silent for a while. Then he gave a concise and concise response.





Chapter 1978 Experimental Version Number 1 Talisman


Almost less than a few minutes after Wang Ling arrived home, Zhai Yin came to the door at the same time. She came specially to see Talisman off.

Previously, Wang Ling had been holding back in the spirit world. In fact, it was to protect the stability of Talisman. Now Talisman is becoming less and less disabled. The effective sealing time after each replacement is getting shorter. This makes Wang Ling A little worried.

Fortunately, there are still many people who care about him.

Zhai Yin did not disturb Father Wang and Mother Wang. She was dressed like a heroine in night clothes. She climbed directly into Wang Ling's bedroom through the window.

Fortunately, Wang Ling had already added Zhai Yin to the whitelist in the villa's defense mechanism after returning from Sun Island. Otherwise, under normal circumstances, if outsiders wanted to break into the villa directly through the window, the end would be tragic.

"Is it okay for you to come here? You are Mr. Ming's bodyguard."

Er Ha yawned. He squatted at Wang Ling's feet and lazily looked up at Zhai Yin and said.

"He can protect himself. And I'm not here to save the earth... obviously this is more important."

Zhai Yin said: "This new Talisman has added a little bit of material extracted from the meteorite called Eternity. The lasting effect should be stronger than before."

"It was extracted and produced so quickly?" Er Ha was surprised.

"It's just test item Number 001. But it is also a necessary test. Otherwise, there will be no subsequent updates on the problem. In addition, because the meteorite is very radioactive, it is necessary to conduct subsequent purification of the radioactive contamination generated during the extraction process. That's why he couldn't come over in person."

As Zhai Yin spoke, a look of worry began to appear on his face.

"Any other questions?" Wang Ling asked softly.

"After all, this is a trial version of Talisman. You may encounter some bugs in the process of posting Talisman...but what the specific problems are. It's hard to say yet."

As he said that, Zhai Yin took out a jade jar with a seal on it from the storage bag. He handed it to Wang Ling: "The one in the jade jar is the latest version of the regular Talisman. I'll swap it with you." What comes down is the same. No matter what, keep it with you to be prepared. It's always good to be just in case."

"Thanks."

Wang Ling took it with both hands. Thank you very politely.

He stared at the smiling Zhai Yin. He was stunned for a few seconds. Then he added in a strange way: "Sister-in-law..."

Zhai Yin's face immediately turned red.

She had no idea that Wang Ling would call her that.

Does this mean...that I have been approved by my brother-in-law?

For a brief moment, her mind was almost blank, but her body had already reacted unconsciously. Her face was red and she almost turned out of the window as if she was running away.

Such a true emotional reaction actually makes Wang Ling a little envious.

Because of Talisman, his emotions are suppressed and difficult to release.

Even if there is even the slightest fluctuation sometimes, it will calm down quickly.

Fortunately, Wang Ming still lived up to his expectations. He soon cooperated with Shou Chong to extract the sealed substance in the eternal stone.

I just hope that after changing into this experimental version of Talisman, I won't become too weird...

In front of the bathroom mirror.

Wang Ling Under the protection of Er Ha. He carried out the operation of replacing Talisman on himself.

The moment the new Talisman covered it, Wang Ling felt an almost suffocating and powerful suppressive force. His eyes turned black in a short period of time.

This is something that the regular Talisman has never done before.

A few drops of cold sweat instantly flowed down his forehead.

This reaction is very similar to hypoglycemia.

But Wang Ling is actually Wang Ling.

This duration only lasted about three seconds, and then it was relieved immediately.

Gradually Wang Ling straightened up in front of the mirror.

It can be said that the suppression power of the experimental version of Talisman surprised him.

This time, he felt that this experimental version of Talisman should be able to be worn for a long time.

As for adverse reactions.

Except for the three seconds of discomfort that occurred the moment I put it on, everything else is basically normal at the moment.

At this time. Wang Ling looked at Er Ha. Clenched his fist: "Can you let me punch you?"

"..."

Er Ha's head suddenly broke out in cold sweat: "What's going on? Is this necessary..."

"I promise to be gentle." Wang Ling said.

"No! Absolutely not!" Er Ha said rejection written all over his face.

Although the enhancement effect of the experimental version Number 001 Talisman does look powerful, the person standing in front of him is Wang Ling after all. This punch will not directly kill him.

"Hey. It's boring."

Seeing Er Ha's frightened eyes. Wang Ling sighed in his heart. In the end, he didn't embarrass Er Ha anymore.

He originally wanted to test how much destructive power he could cause with one hundred millionth of a force after replacing it with the new experimental version of Talisman.

But now, it seems that this experiment can only be put on hold for the time being.

"Go to sleep. There isn't much time left. I have to go to class later." Wang Ling complained while lying on the bed.

The stronger Talisman's suppression, the more peaceful he sleeps. And whether he can quickly enter sleep state is also one of Wang Ling's tests.

For now, he feels that Talisman has no weird bugs yet. It's pretty good.

On the other side, at this time, Er Ha opened his mouth in astonishment, looking at Wang Ling who was already lying on the bed, closing his eyes and falling asleep.

If it heard correctly...

Wang Ling just said a total of four lines.

Four lines in total!

And it's still the kind that doesn't use sound transmission technology...

Is this an illusion?

Could this be a bug in the experimental version of Talisman?

At this time, Er Ha looked at Wang Ling, who had fallen asleep at the speed of light. It’s not a reminder. It’s not a reminder...

Because who the hell would have thought of that.

The bug in this experimental version of Talisman is that the Little Master Lingzi adds lines!

It won't develop into social nerdiness...

Er Ha suddenly had an ominous premonition.

...

It’s still Friday, January 17th. Early in the morning.

The city of Songhai is covered with clouds. The entire city is permeated with mist. It makes people feel like they can't breathe.

Many people are wearing masks when going out.

Although Wang Ling only slept for two hours, the quality of sleep in these two hours was the highest in this month.

He clearly felt that he was very energetic today.

If the weather could be better this morning, maybe my mood would be better.

"Such fog is rare." Wang Ying said.

In fact, Wang Ling also saw it. This is man-made.

All the out-of-town students who were forced to leave the spirit world trial site yesterday stayed in the hotel arranged by Jiutian Jingmi Academy to rest.

So. Li Changzhe did not leave Songhai City yesterday.

And there is probably no one else but the legendary fog god who can cause such a natural fog to affect the entire city...

In other words, the Mist God may have arrived in Songhai City at this moment.





Chapter 1979 The genius disciple given free by heaven


Today's visibility on the streets of Songhai City is frighteningly low. In some areas, air traffic control and traffic suspension announcements have been issued.

A man carrying a guzheng bag, wearing round sunglasses and a gray cotton coat was walking on the street. He looked calmly at the pedestrians walking around wearing masks. Then he sighed slightly and shook his head.

The mist condensed by mana is very clean. In fact, there is no pollution problem.

It's a pity that today's young people lack common sense. They seem to be afraid that their spiritual roots will be polluted and affect their cultivation...

However, the modern world of cultivation is completely different from the past. In modern cultivation society, people often say that only when you enter the Golden Core can you truly begin the path of cultivation.

Because under the modern cultivation system and the realm before Golden Core, the price of the elixir used to break through bottlenecks has almost reached a point where even ordinary people can afford it.

If resources are equal, all that remains is to look at talent. If talent is good enough, you can generally become a Golden Core cultivator before entering college.

But obviously, not everyone has such self-knowledge.

"The weather forecast is getting increasingly inaccurate! What should I do if such a severe haze has polluted my children's spiritual roots?"

"This city is really harmful to people! It's killing people!"

A bejeweled middle-aged woman held the hand of a little boy less than five years old while walking hurriedly on the road.

It can be seen that this is a mother who is anxious to send her child to kindergarten.

She cursed and complained.

The man in Mao suit stood still. It wasn't until the middle-aged woman passed by cursing that he breathed a sigh of relief.

really...

The life of seclusion in the mountains and forests is indeed more suitable for him. Modern cultivators...especially those living in fast-paced metropolises have really bad tempers.

The scene just now made Luo Lan a little panicked.

He rarely sets foot in the city. Because he has severe social phobia, he will feel uncomfortable as soon as he enters the city.

Therefore, he used secret techniques to create this foggy scene. In such fog, it was his best protective color.

But this time, Luo Lan did not hesitate to go out and come to Songhai City. In fact, it was related to a magic ball that was anonymously sent to him.

The man obviously knew that he was not good at operating modern technology, so he burned the video in the orb for him to watch.

It was a video in a dense forest.

In the video, Luo Lan recognized at a glance the person who was known as a high school student genius across the country, Qu Shuling.

When he first watched the video, Luo Lan was a little confused. But when he looked at him, his eyes were immediately attracted to the young man fighting Qu Shuling.

He actually used the art of mist-resolving...

Looking at the magic ball, Luo Lan was horrified.

He has never accepted a disciple, and he has never taught the Mist Resolving Technique to anyone else.

But this young man directly understood the highest state of the mist-resolving art "Water Mist Mirror Flower" by his own efforts.

So.

At that moment!

Luo Lan was moved.

Mist spell is a very idiosyncratic spell. It has the same origin as water spell but is different in form. It is very difficult to control.

Those who are proficient in water magic may not be proficient in fog magic. But those who are proficient in fog magic must have top-notch water magic abilities.

It took him decades to come into contact with the art of Mist Removal. It took him another few decades to practice the Mist Removal Art to the highest level.

Now, a boy who is only seventeen years old can actually have such an amazing talent. How can Luo Lan not be moved?

So here he comes.

Even though he has complete social phobia.

But in order to accept this "genius" as his disciple, he decided to take the risk and set foot in Songhai City.

But in this vast big city, finding someone is like finding a needle in a haystack, so how easy is it?

If there is no one to guide him, no matter how long he stays here, it will be useless.

Therefore, before coming to Songhai City, Luo Lan made some preparations. He used the most primitive communication method of flying swords to contact a young Taoist friend he had met many years ago...

It is said that this man is doing well in the city recently. Maybe he can be helped.

Venus Moon Tower.

This is the tallest landmark building in Songhai City.

Under the hazy mist, Luo Lan appeared in front of the Venus Moon Tower.

Soon, a familiar voice came from afar.

"A broken heart..."

Luo Lan raised her head in surprise and responded to the code: "Where is the world... looking for a soulmate!"

"Master Luo Lan, the hero of the city, has come from afar. I am disrespectful and disrespectful."

The curly-haired young man came from a distance with a smile on his face. Then he took the initiative to shake hands with Luo Lan and said, "I'm Zhuo Yi. I've been waiting here for Master Luo Lan for a long time."

Luo Lan looked at Zhuo Yi's hand. He took a deep breath. Then he tried to hold it. But he only touched it briefly. Zhuo Yi didn't even shake Luo Lan's hand. It slipped out of my hand like a fish.

Zhuo Yi is not stupid. After so many years of working experience, he has seen all kinds of people. His ability to observe words and emotions tells him that the master Luo Lan in front of him is probably a senior patient with social phobia.

Uh. Why do there seem to be quite a lot of people he knows who are socially afraid?

Take his master as an example. Isn't he just a typical social phobia patient...

"I'm sorry. I'm here to disturb fellow Taoist Zhuo Yi." Luo Lan said politely.

"No, no. Master, you're welcome. Just call me Zhuo Yi." Zhuo Yi smiled.

In fact, his meeting with Zhuo Yi was a little awkward.

He met Zhuo Yi when the fifth-level demon king Tuntian Ha came to Songhai City many years ago.

Afterwards, he was selected as a city hero together with Zhuo Yi.

However, because I was too scared and ashamed to appear in the media, when I received the award, Zhuo Yi picked it up on my behalf and then mailed it to him.

Since then, he has had no contact with Zhuo Yi.

So much so that now he doesn't even know what Zhuo Yi does. He just heard that Zhuo Yi is a very distinguished person in the local area.

Speaking of which, Luo Lan actually felt a little ashamed.

Sometimes relationships still need to be maintained by oneself.

He usually never greets Zhuo Yi during holidays. Now when something happens, he thinks of Zhuo Yi. It is actually a bit shameless.

This kind of behavior is actually no different from those old classmates who have not been in contact for 800 years and ask you to borrow money as soon as they contact you...

Of course. Luo Lan is an introspective person.

He has his own thoughts in his mind.

Now, Zhuo Yi came to help him regardless of past grudges. This friendship made Luo Lan deeply moved.

"Fellow Daoist Zhuo is so polite. This huge crowd...if I hadn't been unfamiliar with this place, I wouldn't have the shame to ask for help from Daoist Zhuo," Luo Lan said.

"Master Luo Lan is very thirsty for talents. Of course I understand that."

Zhuo Yi said: "In addition, I have found the person you are looking for."

"So fast?"

This is a first-tier metropolis...

Just by relying on the clues in the video, he could accurately find the student who fought against Qu Shuling. This made Luo Lan stunned by Zhuo Yi's interpersonal skills.

"Does Master Luo Lan want to investigate in secret? Or go to him directly?" Zhuo Yi asked.

"Please, Fellow Taoist Zhuo, please take me there directly. Time will not wait for me." Luo Lan bowed to Zhuo Yi respectfully and said sincerely.





Chapter 1980 Two fools


"This man's name is Li Changzhe. He is the chairman of the student union of Jingmen Number 8 High School in Jinghua City. He came to Songhai this time because of the spiritual world trial."

Zhuo Yi drove here by himself. While driving, he introduced the situation to Luo Lan: "Because there was an accident at the Spiritual World Training Ground yesterday. He will temporarily stay with the students from other places who came to Songhai City for training. We were arranged to check in at the hotel."

"Fellow Daoist Zhuo's intelligence network is really powerful..."

Luo Lan was filled with emotion. He was still very confident in accepting Li Changzhe as his disciple. After all, Mist Technique was an unpopular spell type. And most of the Mist Technique practitioners decided to do so after hearing his legendary deeds. Follow and learn.

In other words, Luo Lan had already guessed it before he came to Songhai City. The probability that Li Changzhe is his fan is very high.

He is only worried about one thing now. That is that Li Changzhe will be poached by others. And since the spiritual world trial is led by Jiutian Jingmi Institute.

So for Jingmi Academy, which likes to recruit elites, Li Changzhe must be a key training target. Even if he wants to personally mentor Li Changzhe in the future, I'm afraid he won't have a good time...

Zhuo Yi seemed to have guessed what Luo Lan was thinking. He smiled while driving: "It is true that Jiutian Jingmi Academy is recruiting talents. But I think this does not conflict with Master Luo Lan's recruitment of disciples. .And there’s nothing wrong with receiving the attention of Jiutian Jingmi Academy. That means you can enjoy cultivation benefits that ordinary high school students can’t imagine, right?"

"Master Luo Lan, don't worry too much. At worst, you can try to learn modern technology. If you want to give guidance to Student Li, you can do it through remote online teaching."

These words made Luo Lan feel enlightened: "This... what Fellow Taoist Zhuo said is true... but you know, I have been living in seclusion in the mountains and forests for a long time. I am still not familiar with these modern technologies..."

"I can find someone to teach Master Luo Lan. In this way, the master does not have to worry about losing face in front of his disciples. Besides, Classmate Li is so outstanding. There must be many people who want to accept him as a disciple. For such an outstanding person Disciple, Master Luo Lan, let’s learn modern technology. It’s worth sacrificing a little time, right?”

As soon as he finished speaking, Luo Lan felt as if he had been beaten to death. He nodded quickly, like a chicken pecking rice: "Yes! Fellow Taoist Zhuo is right! As long as I can accept this peerless genius as a disciple, I will There is a successor! The path of a cultivator is to learn endlessly. I am indeed too pedantic... For the sake of classmate Li, it is okay to learn some modern technology!"

"That's easy to handle."Zhuo Yi laughed.

In fact, it was just two hours before meeting Luo Lan.

Zhuo Yi just met Li Changzhe in private.

"Are you...Zhuo Yi!?"

Li Changzhe covered his mouth. His face was full of surprise. He never expected that Zhuo Yi would appear in his room without anyone noticing.

He was so frightened that he almost screamed. But he quickly calmed down after seeing this familiar face. Zhuo Yi's face often appeared on TV... He was so familiar.

The city hero six years ago is now the idol of almost every high school student. Not just here in Songhai City. He is also very famous even in other places.

Especially this year. Zhuo Yi is also one of the key candidates for the position of deputy leader of the Ten Thousand Schools Alliance. It has attracted the attention of many people.

"I am Zhuo Yi."

Zhuo Yi admitted generously. He smiled like a spring breeze: "You can call me Brother Zhuo."

"Brother Zhuo... I understand everything. What do you mean by showing up in my room this early in the morning?"

Li Changzhe looked at him with a hint of horror on his face: "I am a serious person who likes girls!"

"Nonsense! Who doesn't like girls seriously?"

Zhuo Yi Fu'e: "I'm sorry. I blame me for coming too abruptly and not explaining the situation to you in advance. Actually, it's like this. Your performance in the spiritual world this time is very good. I have a friend who wants to accept you as a disciple. His name is Luo Lan .I wonder if you are interested."

Hearing this, Li Changzhe was immediately shocked: "Luo... Master Luo Lan! Brother Zhuo, you actually know Master Luo Lan! He has always been my idol! I have followed him since elementary school! I like him very much. Him! My mist-resolving technique is also related to him..."

"eh...I understand how you feel.

"Zhuo Yi nodded. His life was saved by Wang Ling. By mistake, he became the city hero who defeated the demon king. The admiration and love for Wang Ling are the same as now. Li Changzhe is so similar. Zhuo Yi is so understandable.

"But Master Luo Lan is not good at words and doesn't like socializing. His acceptance of a disciple this time is an exceptional act. I'll just tell you straight."

Zhuo Yi looked at Li Changzhe and said: "Master Luo Lan comes to you this time to accept you as a true disciple. In other words, the identity of master and disciple between you and him. Except Master Luo Lan, you can tell others .You can't tell anyone else yourself."

"Understood. Keep a low profile." Li Changzhe nodded.

"One more thing. Master Luo Lan will come to your room to see you later. This matter must be hidden from everyone in Jiutian Jingmi Academy. I believe you can handle it, okay?"

"Of course!"

"Besides this, there is another point. In the future, you still have to obey the arrangements of Jiutian Jingmi Academy. Master Luo Lan's initial teaching for you may be in the form of online classes."

"Online classes..."

"It would be a bit unrealistic for him to take you away directly. This is a decision made after comprehensive consideration. If you can worship your idol as your master, and he is such a good master, it should be worth the sacrifice in the early stage. Right?" Zhuo Yi patted Li Changzhe on the shoulder and said.

As soon as he finished speaking, Li Changzhe felt as if he had been beaten to death. He nodded quickly, like a chicken pecking at rice: "Yes! Brother Zhuo is right! As long as I can worship Master Luo Lan as my master, I am willing to die." !For the sake of Master, I am willing to cooperate with all Master’s actions!"

"very good."

Zhuo Yi nodded with satisfaction: "There is one last thing. That Zhanye. I need to recycle it here."

"Eh? Don't you need to give this sword to Jiutian Jingmi Academy?" Li Changzhe asked.

To be honest, Zhan Ye himself felt uneasy staying with him. This sword was too weird... Carrying it with him was like carrying a bomb.

Li Changzhe didn't sleep well last night because of this incident. Although now he also heard what experts said. It was said that the collapse of the Spirit World Trial Field was because his sword energy happened to hit the secret door...

But the destructive power of that sword was still frightening to Li Changzhe when he thought about it. He did not dare to use it a second time.

"Master Luo Lan is also very interested in this sword. So he wants to borrow it for study. But in name, it cannot be said that Master Luo Lan borrowed it. If anyone asks, just say that this sword has been recovered by me. No one will come to trouble you."Zhuo Yi stretched out his hand. Then he showed a kind smile.





Chapter 1981 Human High Quality Wang Ling


At the same time, on the other side, Number 60 High School’s morning self-study today was particularly lively. There are almost no airtight walls in a modern cultivation campus.

The collapse of the Spirit World Number 2 Proving Ground was posted on the cultivation forum almost in the early hours of this morning. Although the post was quickly deleted, it still attracted widespread attention from many people.

Of course, the most surprising big news compared to this oolong incident is the news that Qu Shuling has resigned as the president of the Shengke Academy Student Union! The new president of the Shengke Academy Student Union will be Su Xingyue, a talented alchemy girl from the same school.

The former is just a rumor circulated on the cultivation forum. The latter is an official announcement from the academy issued by Shengke.

And this announcement directly triggered a shocking earthquake in the entire cultivation campus.

Although the announcement saved Qu Shuling's face and stated that Qu Shuling resigned voluntarily, those supporters of Qu Shuling still did not believe this statement.

"What happened?"

"Why did you wake up after a long sleep? Everything has changed."

Many people unanimously expressed the same question.

No one knows what Qu Shuling did and was suddenly abandoned by the academy. And Qu Shuling is now completely missing. He has not come out to express his position. There is not even a message on any social account. Not even a selfie. Sent.

This makes people even more suspicious whether Qu Shuling has been controlled by the authorities.

Some people have even begun to associate the collapse of the spirit world trial field with Qu Shuling. They believe that this trial ground was because Qu Shuling was too strong. In the process of fighting with others, he was accidentally killed by Qu Shuling. The overbearing spirit was destroyed!

This official behavior is actually retaliating against Qu Shuling.

"Someone must be jealous of my brother's strength. That's why he did this to me!"

"What kind of destruction of the spirit world? The trial field will be destroyed by high school students. What are these people who built the spirit world doing?"

When Sun Rong saw the news, everyone was shocked. Because as a secret participant in this matter, she knew exactly what happened.

All I can say is...

Idiot fans really kill people!

Maybe the officials just want to teach their brother a lesson. But they want their brother dead.

Of course. A matter of the collapse of the spirit world trial field. A matter of Qu Shuling resigning as the student union president is suspected of being hidden... In the final analysis, those are all matters for outsiders.

Today, there seems to be something unusual for Number 60 High School, especially the first and third graders.

That's today's Wang Ling. It feels particularly abnormal...

"Your Majesty, you also went to participate in the trial of the spirit world. Can you tell us about it?" Chen Chao and Guo Hao couldn't help asking as they gathered around the Wang Ling table. They were very curious about what happened. But In fact, these two people were also participants in this own incident.

"Nothing. Just picking spiritual fruits, collecting materials, and then repairing the formation."

To Chen Chao and Guo Hao's surprise, Wang Ling actually answered them directly!

And it’s not even one or two words!

It’s a series of long sentences!

Before the two of them could recover, Wang Ling continued: "Then the training ground collapsed. Everyone was forcibly sent away."

"I see...it's not the same game as Chao and I played yesterday. The server suddenly crashed. We were offline."

"Yeah. I stopped there for a while because of a bug. The relevant staff took me out."

"..."

Now it was Chen Chao and Guo Hao's turn to be silent.

The two people looked at each other for a moment, then looked at Wang Ling with strange eyes.

I wonder if it was because yesterday's collapse of the Spirit World Trial Field had a huge impact on Wang Ling... This makes this almost 1,980 chapters long. The total lines are less than 1,000 words. The aloof man was so scared that he could talk!

"What's wrong?" Wang Ling asked, looking at the two of them.

"No...nothing..." Chen Chao and Guo Hao shook their heads.

No!

Illusion! It must be an illusion!

Wang Ling...How could anyone be so talkative...

This scene was also seen by Sun Rong.

She was so frightened that she dropped the toffee in her hand...

Of course, the above conversation seems to be just a relatively normal exchange. If it happens only occasionally, it won't actually cause any problems.

So. The key is coming soon.

In an expansion class about the creatures in the inner earth world, Teacher Pan is introducing relevant theoretical knowledge to everyone.

"Everyone knows. Now we have confirmed that the inner earth world is not groundless. But for current human cultivators, the inner earth world is still full of unknowns and dangers. There will be very powerful creatures appearing in it."

With that said, Teacher Pan switched the PPT. A picture of an eagle-headed man with thick hair on his upper body and a pair of wings on his back appeared in front of everyone.

"Currently, the cultivation science community has sent out detectors to search the inner earth world. In addition to powerful higher spiritual beasts, the possibility of the existence of intelligent beings cannot be ruled out."

"Everyone, please pay attention to this eagle-headed man. This is a piece of feather collected by instruments of the Academy of Cultivation and Magical Weapons. It was reconstructed through DNA analysis."

"Now I ask a question. Does anyone know what the exclusive term given to such a creature by the world of cultivation science is?"

Under normal circumstances, almost no one in the class would take the initiative to raise their hands.

Especially when faced with such unknown knowledge.

But as the head teacher, Teacher Pan has already thought about how to deal with this situation.

Most of the time, she would say to draw a student number based on the date, or directly roll the name by dotting sesame seeds with a little rooster.

A while ago, it was even popular to directly play the faces of everyone in the class through the system. Whoever's face is framed will answer the question.

When she asked the question, she saw that the class was silent for several seconds. She was just about to ask a student number.

Suddenly, a loud voice came from the back row of the classroom.

"I know!"

Then, a voice from the window suddenly stood up from his seat. The voice was loud: "The scientific name is: Geocentric Beast Man!"

"King...Wang Ling?"

Teacher Pan was so frightened that she dropped her chalk.

At the same time, everyone in the class looked at Wang Ling. They all showed incredulous looks.

Just for a moment. The atmosphere in the class suddenly became lively.

"Oh my God. Teacher Pan's eyes seem to be red... Could it be that she is crying..."

"Really! Teacher Pan was really touched! He has been teaching our class for most of the semester. This seems to be the first time someone raised his hand to answer a question... and the first person to raise his hand was actually Wang Ling !"

...

"Very good. Classmate Wang Ling. Your answer is completely correct! Please sit down!"

Teacher Pan took off his eyes and wiped the tears on the lenses with emotion.

Then he continued to ask: "So now, do any students know which expert and academician developed our country's first geocentric detector?"

"I know!"

It was Wang Ling again. He raised his hand and stood up: "It was invented by Academician Zhuang Junbaoxi!"

"Very good. Classmate Wang Ling is right again. Please sit down!"

...

"Next question. When is the second season of the Immortal King's Daily Life animation..."

"I know!"

It was still Wang Ling. He raised his hand again. He stood up as quickly as possible: "It's October 30th!"

"Very good! Classmate Wang Ling, you actually answered the question!"

"..." The rest of the people.





Chapter 1982 Urban legends about the spiritual world


Updates super fast

Today's Wang Ling is very abnormal. Anyone with a discerning eye can actually see it. Watermark Advertising Test Watermark Advertising Test

Of course. The reason why Wang Ling suddenly became proactive is still unknown. So just after the first class this morning. The urban legend about Wang Ling being snatched away in the spirit world trial ground was like that. It's spread...

"Oh my God. The spirit world trial field is so scary? I heard that the classmate named Wang in the third grade of the first grade of high school should not take over his body!"

"The one with the surname Wang? Is he the legendary mascot of our sixties?"

"Yes, yes! That's him! I heard that he had never answered questions so actively in class before. He lived a very low-key life. As a result, he seemed to be a different person when he came back from the spirit world... You said this is not a body snatching. My personality has changed!"

"..."

Fang Xing, Wang Zhen, and Liu Qingyi listened to the discussion of the others in the class. They looked at each other for a moment. They suddenly felt the seriousness of this problem.

Of course, they also know very well. The theory of seizing the body is just nonsense. No one in this world can seize the body of Wang Ling.

After all, a cultivator wants to seize the body. The first thing to do is the soul battle.

The last creature that entered Wang Ling's soul was frightened by the vast universe. Facing this incomparably bright universe and the Milky Way, that creature had no idea where to start.

This is still under the condition that Wang Ling deliberately let water in to let it in. Under normal circumstances, it is undoubtedly difficult to penetrate into Wang Ling's soul.

So, after putting aside all these external factors, the remaining situations that can lead to a drastic change in Wang Ling's temperament seem to become easier to analyze.

"Talisman..."

Fang Xing quickly thought of the problem and took the initiative to communicate with Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi using voice transmission.

He reacted extremely quickly, because apart from this, he really couldn't think of any other reason.

When Jing Fang Xing said this, Wang Zhen suddenly recalled it. He quickly replied: "Yes. I remembered it. Mr. Shou Chong seems to be working with Mr. Wang Ming on Ling Zhenren's new Talisman... I see Eighty percent of the time, it was the new Talisman that caused this problem."

Obviously. This is a serious bug in the new version of Talisman. The old Talisman can not only seal strength. It can also affect personal emotions.

As for the new Talisman, Wang Ming has made adjustments to the intensity of blocking emotions. But this adjustment is too drastic. It not only allows Wang Ling to open up emotions, but also makes Wang Ling's personality It's like he's become a different person.

On the other side, Fang Xing and others were not the only ones who were anxious. In fact, Sun Rong also thought of this reason.

She hurried to the student union office as soon as class was over. She used this quiet place to contact Wang Ming.

"Brother Ming! Something big has happened! Classmate Wang Ling...has become so strange!" Sun Rong called.

On the other end of the phone, Wang Ming seemed to have anticipated this incident. He looked like he was in control: "Has your personality changed? Are you more cheerful than before?"

"It's more than cheerful...it's simply unrestrained!"Sun Rong held his forehead.

Although she still likes Wang Ling very much. However, Wang Ling's drastic change in personality still makes her feel something strange... It won't be easy for her to get used to it.

The key is that Wang Ling likes to express himself too much. If left unchecked, something big might happen.

"It seems to be a bug in the new Talisman."

"Is this because you have completely unleashed your emotional suppression? That's why it's like this. Brother Ming?"

"Not really." Wang Ming said: "I have been monitoring the data remotely. Judging from the current results, Ling Ling should be imitating."

"imitate?"

"The past Talisman suppressed his true strength and real emotions. So even if he replaced the new version of Talisman, his understanding of emotions and emotions is still very limited. It is easiest when he does not know the joy, anger, sorrow, and joy. What happens is synchronous imitation."

Wang Ming said: "You know that Li Changzhe. He is quite noisy. I was in the spirit world training ground before. Ling Ling was in a group with him."

"So that's it..." Hearing this, Sun Rong suddenly realized.

The implication is that Wang Ling's character, emotions, and emotional expression are completely assimilated with that Li Changzhe.

Of course. This is an important experimental result for Wang Ming. In the subsequent development of Talisman, mistakes can be avoided based on the current problems.

As a rigorous scientist, Wang Ming certainly had a backup plan for this matter. Therefore, last night he asked Zhai Yin to prepare the regular seal Talisman.

"So just replace it with regular Talisman. Wang Ling and he'll be back to normal."

"That's right."

Wang Ming replied: "But Rongrong. In fact, this is a rare and good opportunity."

Sun Rong: "Eh? What a good opportunity? What do you mean?"

On the other end of the phone, Wang Ming smiled calmly: "In the past, you never got a response to your feelings. Now you can express your feelings to Ling Ling. Maybe you can get a direct reply."

Sun Rong's face immediately turned red.

To be honest, as Wang Ming said, this is a rare opportunity... If I confess my love again, I might actually get a response from Wang Ling.

After all, under normal circumstances, I don't know if I would have to wait until the Year of the Monkey to let this idiot take the initiative to say that he likes her.

She knew it.

However, the girl at this moment didn't want to do that.

After being silent for a long time. After cooling down his emotions a little, Sun Rong responded calmly: "Then, forget it..."

"Why?" Wang Ming was puzzled.

"Because this is weird..."

Sun Rong smiled and said: "I clearly know that Wang Ling is now in sync with Li Changzhe's personality. I also took this opportunity to confess to him. So is the person who responds to my feelings my classmate Wang Ling or that one? Where is classmate Li?"

"Although... there is nothing wrong with classmate Wang Ling being cheerful. But I hope that one day, he can grow up on his own and realize his own feelings like a man..."

"Until then, I'd rather he be a piece of wood..."

"All right."

Wang Ming heard this. He nodded repeatedly and said with a smile: "We'll see. The regular Talisman is on Ling Ling himself. Just find him to complete the replacement."

"ok. Thank you, Brother Ming."

Sun Rong nodded. He breathed a sigh of relief while hanging up the phone.

Not bad. Not bad...

That is not the real character of classmate Wang Ling. It is just a phenomenon caused by imitating others.

As long as she reminds Wang Ling now to replace Talisman.

But at this moment, an accident happened again. Chen Chao and Guo Hao almost broke into the student union office.

"Something bad has happened, Boss Sun..." Guo Hao panted.

"What happened? Tell me slowly?"

"It's Shengke! Shengke has given us a sixty round challenge!"

"It is a normal challenge and competition between the two schools. It needs to be approved by the principal. It is illegal for them to send invitations separately. It can be ignored."

"That's true. But the person who issued the challenge is none other than Dai Tianchun, the principal of Shengke!"

"Principal Dai...come in person?"Sun Rong understood instantly.

Rumor has it that Principal Dai, who is known as Crazy Dai, is a famous calf protector...

He spent countless resources building up Qu Shuling, making him an outstanding representative among high school cultivators. As a result, a spiritual world trial directly defeated Qu Shuling.

Obviously, this is not an acceptable result for Principal Dai.

"Where's Principal Chen?"

"Principal Chen is not here...Teacher Wang Zukang went to hold an academic affairs meeting with him."

Chen Chao said: "Of course. The crux of the problem is actually not here..."

He and Guo Hao sang and harmonized. The two of them seemed to be talking about each other's lines.

Guo Hao: "The key to the problem is! Wang Ling he... accepted the challenge!"

Sun Rong: "..."





Chapter 1983 No. But you can play with him


Updates super fast

Sun RongUnexpectedly, things eventually took an unpredictable step. Watermark advertising test Watermark advertising test

The character assimilation ability of the new version of Talisman is really incredible. If it were an ordinary classmate Wang Ling, it would be too late to hide in this challenge... It is definitely impossible to follow it so easily.

In fact, after accepting this challenge letter, Wang Ling felt extremely regretful in his heart. He could feel that he felt strange today.

He has become a little different from his usual self...

But I don’t know why. After seeing the challenge letter sent by Dai Tianchun remotely with a spiritual sword, Wang Ling’s heart was filled with a rare desire to win.

As long as the envelope of the challenge letter is opened, the challenge is deemed to be accepted. The letter contains secrets that can let the person who writes the letter know about it instantly.

In other words, it is already impossible to pretend that nothing happened.

Even if Principal Chen didn't open this letter, it was still open...

If you have heard anything about this Dai Tianchun, you will definitely know that this person is the type of person who is unreasonable and unreasonable. Once the letter is opened, there will be absolutely no regrets.

"My God...Classmate Wang Ling is so brave. He dares to take this..."

"Dai Tianchun from Shengke, known as Dai Crazy Devil, once beat almost every principal in a secret team training jointly held by major school sects. And he was ruthless..."

"It's over, it's over...our school is going to be gone. Principal Chen won't be sent to the hospital and lie there for hundreds of years, right?"

Many students began to feel pessimistic. Although Principal Chen is also known as a tactical genius, who can resist the sharp edge of this Crazy Demon in the face of this solo between principals?

No matter how clever Principal Chen is, even if he is a tactical wizard, he must combine the corresponding terrain and form to maximize his tactical and strategic abilities.

When Sun Rong arrived at the scene with everyone from the student union (Gray Cult believers), there were already many people around Wang Ling, maintaining order in the field. Sun Rong He gently held Wang Ling's arm and said, "Everyone, please stop watching. Let's go to class as usual! Let us leave the rest of the matter to our student union!"

Although this incident happened very suddenly, Sun Rong felt that the overall situation was not completely out of control.

And she didn't know why. She even felt like it was a bit of a blessing in disguise.

Because now everyone is beginning to worry about the winner of the principal solo between Principal Chen and Principal Dai. On the contrary, they have forgotten that Wang Ling became a little abnormal today.

"Classmate Wang Ling. Calm down..." Under the cover of several people, Sun Rong quickly brought Wang Ling back to the student union office.

"I'm sorry." Wang Ling apologized at the speed of light.

Even this point is surprisingly consistent with Li Changzhe's character...

"Hey. Actually, it's not your fault." Sun Rong held up his forehead. Then he said to Wang Ling: "Regular Talisman. Is he here with you?"

"Yeah. Yes. It's on me." Wang Ling said. Then he opened his palm. A magic talisman with red characters on a yellow background lay quietly on his palm along with a ray of light.

"..."

Sun Rong discovered it. Wang Ling, who usually only answers with the word "um", seems to be more likable.

"All the strange things you feel now are all caused by the new version of Talisman. So you still need to replace it with the regular Talisman. Now, let me help you change to Talisman."

Sun Rong said. Then he started directly in the student union office and started to pull up Wang Ling's coat.

"Sun Rong. What are you?" Wang Ling was startled by Sun Rong's sudden move.

"Hug...sorry!" Sun Rong's face turned red. To be honest, she didn't think about it at all. When Wang Ling reminded her, she realized that she was actually taking advantage of it. When she was taking off Wang Ling's school uniform, she felt bad all over. She was so shy that she wanted to dig a hole in the ground and crawl in.

She immediately raised her hands and faced Wang Ling. Her face turned red: "You believe me. I didn't mean it...Classmate Wang Ling...I just wanted to help..."

"I can do it myself." Wang Ling said.

"Okay... then you can change it yourself. I've locked the door." Sun Rong said while covering his eyes with his hands.

She was extremely shy. Not even with her eyes open, not even with her eyes closed. Although there was an evil voice in her heart telling her that she might as well take this opportunity to take a peek. Anyway, the sight only seeped through the gaps between her fingers. Wang Ling should not be found...

But when this evil voice sounded in her heart, Sun Rong had a high degree of doubt about herself.

She would actually have such strange thoughts...

Sigh. Her character is really terrible!

But in the end. Sun Rong still held back. Although the evil voice in her heart kept ringing, she still didn't take that step after all.

"Classmate Wang Ling. Are you okay?" After calming down, Sun Rong took a deep breath and asked.

"Um."

This time. Wang Ling gave her the correct answer.

Sun Rong then removed his hand and opened his eyes.

Then the frontal view directly witnessed Wang Ling being shirtless and wearing a school uniform and short sleeves.

Sun Rong felt his blood pressure rise on the spot!

She blushed and turned around. She was a little incoherent: "You...didn't you say you were fine? Classmate Wang Ling. You...liar..."

Wang Ling: "?"

...

Because Wang Ling opened the challenge letter of Shengke, the teachers of Number 60 High School specially held a meeting in the afternoon.

In the absence of Principal Chen and History Teacher Wang, the overall situation of the meeting was fully presided over by Monk Jin Deng.

This is the first time Jin Deng has presided over the conference since he assumed the pseudonym "Huo Ding" as the vice president.

Maybe he guessed that someone would bring up Wang Ling's issue of opening letters. Jin Deng spoke directly at the beginning of the meeting: "This age is the age when curiosity is strong. Students are curious. It is not necessarily a good thing. . This will contribute to the future creativity of our country... Our meeting was not originally intended to discuss punishment."

This speech made several teachers present speechless. This protection... was too obvious. Although I don't know why the vice principal Huo Ding is so protective of Wang Ling. But the vice principal's face teacher We still have to give.

Vice Principal Huo talked about this. The teachers were naturally speechless.

"Now, we have to discuss how to deal with the situation at hand. What should be done to save our sixty face as much as possible. Teachers, do you think I am right?" Jin Deng crossed his fingers and sat in front of the central seat of the conference room. . said slowly.

"The vice-principal is absolutely right. But this Crazy Dai is really difficult to deal with..." Teacher Pan responded: "Director Wang and Principal Chen are both going to the city for a meeting. I heard they won't be back for another week. If Dai Tianchun is killed..."

"You don't have to worry. I'm still here."

At this time, Monk Jin Deng smiled slightly and said: "The principal is not here. I am still here. If you all agree, then this time I will fight in place of Principal Chen..."

"Lao Na?"

"Oh no. I mean. Poor monk..."

"Poor monk?"

"Uh, I'm sorry. Everyone, there have been too many TV dramas about Shaolin Temple recently... Anyway, what I meant was that I would replace Principal Chen in the battle." Monk Jin Deng said to everyone.

In the conference room, all the teachers present looked at each other in confusion. They only knew that the new Vice Principal Huo Ding had a strong ability in teaching mathematics. But no one had ever seen him take action.

"Vice Principal Huo...it's not that we don't believe you. But this is a solo battle with the principal. It's about the reputation of the school..." a teacher muttered.

"I know." Monk Jin Deng nodded.

"I heard that Principal Dai knows spells of level 10 and above...can Vice Principal Huo do the same?"

"will not."

Monk Jin Deng smiled and said calmly and modestly: "But I can play with him."





Chapter 1984 The strange vice principal


Although monks never disdain to compete with secular people, the experience of so many reincarnations always gives monks an immersive sense of immersion in the role they currently play.

He is not a monk now. He is the vice principal and mathematics teacher of Number 60 High School. So he must protect the reputation of the school, preserve the face of all Number 60 High School teachers, and most importantly, protect all the students here. The important task of this job now.

He had also heard of the name Crazy Demon Dai. He was born in the martial arts battlefield in the chaotic war years. He then became famous in one fell swoop. He had achieved many first-class and even special-class merits.

The enemies he killed could even be piled up to form a mountain.

However, in the early years of peacetime, Dai Kuangmo, who had great military exploits, was not reused. The reason was that he insisted on going his own way on the battlefield. He repeatedly disobeyed orders and went against the wind. Although he created many miracles of winning battles with fewer people, he could. Such a disobedient person is indeed an important blow to the overall strategic plan.

Therefore, in the early days of the peace era, Dai Tianchun was left out in the cold for a long time. The ten generals all thought that he was too young and energetic at the time, so he repeatedly disobeyed orders and took risks.

So they temporarily left Dai Tianchun in the cold, hoping to make his temperament more stable...

Then, the famous general Dai Tianchun, who was born in the military heritage battlefield, was re-activated. It was already a thousand years after the beginning of the peaceful era.

The Ten Generals conducted a re-evaluation and found that Dai Tianchun's character was indeed more stable than before. And more than that. They also found that during the period of immersion, Dai Tianchun actually started researching scientific magic weapons at the same time. He repeatedly came up with shocking surprises. world research results.

At this point, I can't seem to find any other reason to hide Dai Tianchun.

Then, Shengke... was officially established. And Dai Tianchun took over Shengke from the beginning. He is the first generation principal at that time and continues to this day.

Everyone thought that this legendary general had become more stable. As a result, in the secret realm of the group training of the principals of various schools, he once again showed his characteristics of wearing a crazy devil and beat the principals of each school to the ground. Be merciful.

From a ten-year perspective, Dai Tianchun's move is more like a way of venting his anger for many years. He has a weird personality, like an old kid who never grows up, full of desire to win and a competitive spirit.

Number 60 High School Conference Center. After listening to the monk's words, all the teachers opened their mouths. They did not expect that the vice principal's school years would be so vast. They could understand so clearly about Dai Tianchun. history.

But knowledge is knowledge...

The question now is, if two people take action, what will be the consequences? Because the outcome is actually very crucial.

Teacher Pan frowned: "Vice Principal Huo. You should know the stakes of this principal duel... This Dai Tianchun just wants to attack our Number 60 High School."

"Of course I know it. This is a threat."

The monk nodded and said calmly: "As far as I know, he not only issued a challenge letter to our Number 60 High School, but also issued a challenge letter to Jingmen Number 8 High School, which is also ranked second in Jinghua City. This move . In fact, it is a threat."

"Just for that Qu Shuling?" a teacher asked doubtfully.

"This is a student he spent a huge amount of resources to cultivate. Because he made a mistake in this spiritual world trial, today's news came out... If he doesn't take action to express his attitude, then this Qu The result faced by the students is to be hidden in the snow." The monk's words hit the nail on the head and made all the teachers in the room suddenly realize.

It turns out that what Dai Tianchun did was because he saw the shadow of his former self in Qu Shuling...

In this way, it doesn't seem so strange as to why this crazy Dai suddenly took action.

Now, in the absence of Principal Chen, all the teachers have no choice but to place their hopes on the new Vice Principal Huo.

Although no one has actually seen the scene where Vice Colonel Huo took action, and they don’t know how strong this Vice Colonel Huo is... but judging from Vice Colonel Huo’s words.

This man who suddenly entered Number 60 High School and became the vice-principal was filled with a sense of mystery. "No...but I can play with him..."

The teachers couldn't help but think of the scene that just happened.

Is this what a normal person would say?

"Teacher Pan. Do you think Vice Principal Huo is reliable?" After the meeting, a teacher communicated with Teacher Pan in private.

"I don't know...but I don't know why. Vice Principal Huo suddenly gave me a feeling..." Teacher Pan said.

"What does it feel like?"

"Sixty Sweeping Monks..."

"It would be great if this was really a sweeping monk."

Many teachers couldn't help but laugh. In this current situation, we can only take one step at a time.

After all, the principal is a master in dueling. The leaders at the top will not just sit idly by.

Not long after the monk left the conference center, he heard the teachers talking about him privately.

Sweeping monk?...

The monk scratched his head.

He felt that his acting was pretty good. He looked like a vice principal.

But I don’t know why. Suddenly he returned to his original role.

He couldn't help but laugh.

It seems that this time, he is acting in his true colors...

...

Office of the Principal of Shengke. Dai Tianchun has received the impression of Number 60 High School. His hair is long and messy, and the white mane has been densely distributed along the temples on the lower half of his face. From a distance, he looks calm and intimidating. Bring your own. A fierce image. Like a silver lion shrouded in thunder and lightning.

To be honest, Number 60 High School dared to take on the challenge. This was a bit beyond his imagination... Although Number 60 High School was not ranked high, the development of Number 60 High School in recent years has attracted Dai Tianchun's full attention.

Especially there is always a seed in his heart...

I really want to have a good competition with Chen Xiaozong from Number 60 High School.

After all, in the circle of principals, there are not many principals who have not been beaten up by him. And Chen Xiaozong of Number 60 High School is actually one.

However, at this time, Dai Tianchun learned that the person fighting this time was not Chen Xiaozong, but Huo Ding, the new vice principal of Number 60 High School...

"Taking a vice-principal to confront me. Does this mean you are looking down on me?" Dai Tianchun immediately felt a trace of anger in his heart.

Especially after he carefully investigated the information about Vice Principal Huo Ding, he felt as if a fish bone was stuck in his throat.

A vice principal. All experience is completely blank. He only stated that he had been an intern in the Office of Strategic Deception for a period of time...

Take an intern as the vice principal. Do you dare to accept his challenge?

This is more than just looking down on him.

This is completely crushing his dignity as the principal of Shengke to the ground...

At this time, Dai Tianchun's mane covered his head automatically without any wind.

There was only one idea in his head - to level. Number 60 High School!





Chapter 1985 Precaution


Everyone has fifteen minutes of fame. He rises to fame at a young age and then falls to rock bottom in an instant. He is about to face the situation of being banned by Xue Zang. This gap may not be bearable by one person in a short period of time.

At this moment, Qu Shuling is locked up in the student apartment. It is difficult to even go out. There are four soul guards in the Nascent Soul stage in the corridor. They were directly sent by Jiutian Jingmi Institute to monitor him.

From now on for a long time, he may be locked in his student apartment and under official supervision.

He can access the Internet, but all social networks are under surveillance. As for the social accounts, they have already been taken over by Jingmi Institute. Qu Shuling himself cannot post any information on them.

This was almost the same as being imprisoned. Qu Shuling didn't know what he had done wrong. He just wanted to prove his strength in the trial of the spirit world.

Unexpectedly, after this trial, he would become the abandoned child abandoned by the speed of light...

He browsed the major social platforms. Even though he saw that many of his fans were supporting him, Qu Shuling knew very well that under such pressure, his years of accumulation would eventually be wiped out bit by bit.

The shelf life of an idol is always short. As long as someone replaces him, that person will soon be focused in a new light, and the past will be buried in the haze forever.

But at this moment, he is like a helpless mantis, locked in his own cage. There is no way.

In a year of despair, Qu Shuling suddenly heard a familiar voice coming from the door of the apartment.

There was a hint of surprise and embarrassment in the voices of those spiritual guards.

"This...Principal Dai. Why are you here?"

"What? You are locking up my students. Can't I come and visit?"

"This is not a problem. It's just that we need Mr. Qu to cooperate with the investigation for the time being. And we are also acting under orders. Otherwise, I'm afraid it will be difficult for Mr. Teng to explain."

"Teng Luchen, right... don't use him to pressure me! If the old man was guarding the door in person, I would definitely not come. But who told the old man not to guard himself? I will send a few of you here. If you can scare me, who?"

Dai Tianchun chuckled: "Don't worry. I won't make it difficult for you. It only takes fifteen minutes. Just let me have a few words with him."

As he said that, he took out a thermos filled with food and dishes from his storage bag: "You are keeping my student locked up. You must let my student eat something good. It only lasts for one meal."

After a few words, the four spirit guards looked at each other with confusion on their expressions.

After a moment of silence, one of them took a step forward. He looked at Dai Tianchun, bowed and said, "It's only fifteen minutes. I hope Principal Dai won't make it difficult for us."

"This is natural. I always keep my word." Dai Tianchun showed a sly smile.

After watching Crazy Demon Dai enter the door, the leading spiritual guard finally breathed a sigh of relief.

"Captain, are we not following the rules...what if Teng Lao blames us?" A spiritual guard couldn't help but ask.

"Do you think Mr. Teng didn't expect this?" The captain sighed: "Our job is just to take care of you. There is no need to create extraneous matters. As long as Principal Dai does not take Qu Shuling away directly, everything is easy to talk about. And It is impossible for him to take him away directly. In that case, he will be even less able to protect Qu Shuling. Mr. Teng is protecting our Zhou Quan."

"..." That was all he said. The other three spirit guards all gasped.

The implication is that if they were worried just now, with Dai Tianchun's temper, they would probably use strong methods to score a goal...

Others can't do this. But this is not necessarily the case for Dai Crazy Devil.

...

This weekend is destined to become unquiet...

Wang LingWalk on the garden path on campus. Listen to the discussions coming from the alumni around you.

Because of Jin Deng's words and the "big memory technique" secretly imposed by Wang Ling, everyone's memories have been blurred.

No one is bothered by the question of who opened the challenge letter.

Almost everyone's eyes were focused on the upcoming duel between the principals.

To be honest, many people have no idea.

After all, the one sent by Shengke was the principal. And the deputy principal of their Number 60 High School, Huo, had just taken over not long ago.

A term that lasts less than half a year...

We have to fight on behalf of the honor of Number 60 High School. This sounds a little too hasty.

Of course Wang Ling knows that he has a big hand in this. But Youdao is a fan of the authorities. If it hadn't been for Sun Rong this time... he might still be playing the role of a replica of Li Changzhe because of Talisman's bug.

However, the new version of Talisman can indeed bring him an unprecedented sense of stability. Such a sense of solidity is indeed something that the regular Talisman cannot achieve.

There is no other way. We have to take one step at a time.

Sun Rong over there. He will find another way to express his gratitude.

Illuminated toffee or something. Sun Rong already has a few sacks there. Wang Ling hasn't decided yet what to give.

"Is that Vice Principal Huo really reliable? He is the Vice Principal who suddenly transferred to our school. Can he understand the school motto and background of our Sixty Years?"

"Look at what you said. I don't think this is the key at all! The key lies in Vice Principal Huo versus Principal Dai from Shengke. What is the winning rate?"

"Speaking of which, only the principal of Shengke came in person this time?"

"Not necessarily. Their scientific magic weapon is very mature. And they have a data pagoda in their hands. I heard that it contains not only the data of all the students from other schools that Shengke pays attention to, but also the data of the teachers!"

"So what you mean is..."

"I want to say that maybe someone from Shengke has infiltrated our school. The origin of Vice Principal Huo is too mysterious. Assuming that the data pagoda is not included, then according to Shengke's always rigorous style, it would be better to send someone to test in advance. It's not impossible."

"You have such a big brain. Go write a novel!"

Several sixty-year-old alumni wearing the same school uniforms were talking in a small corner of the garden.

Wang Ling only heard it from a distance. But after chewing it carefully, he felt that this conjecture was not completely unreasonable.

To be honest, he himself couldn't figure it out.

I don’t know what the hell Number 60 High School did to make it so old...

It seems that since I transferred to Number 60 High School, Number 60 High School has always been in trouble. Even if there are peaceful days, I can't live in peace for a few days.

The most outrageous thing is that those who are looking for trouble feel like they have been slapped down. They come to Number 60 High School one by one to look for trouble... for fear that they will live too long.

Wang Ling actually hates the feeling that his life is always being peeped at. During the half semester of studying and living at Sixty, he has already regarded this place as his second home.

So since it is your own home, you will naturally not tolerate outsiders coveting this place all the time.

After listening to the words of the alumni just now, Wang Ling suddenly felt that it is indeed necessary to strengthen vigilance at this stage.

It would be most appropriate to leave this matter to Heavenly Dao, who was the new chief security officer of Number 60 High School at the time...





Chapter 1986 Angry people don’t live long


Several spiritual guards didn't know what Dai Tianchun and Qu Shuling talked about inside.

Surveillance equipment is useless in front of such a powerful person.

Even though Dai Tianchun is not even an ant compared to Wang Ling. But on the current earth, Dai Tianchun's comprehensive combat power can be regarded as powerful and famous all over the world.

"Hey. I don't know what they are talking about." The leader of the spiritual guard turned on the projection monitor on his watch and stared at the screen. There were doubtful voices from the team members around him.

At this time, Qu Shuling and Dai Tianchun were face to face. Qu Shuling was eating the food brought by Dai Tianchun honestly. No one made any strange moves between the two.

Anyone with a discerning eye can understand that this is communication using voice transmission. And with Dai Tianchun's encryption level, ordinary voice transmission to decipher spells is of no use at all.

"It doesn't matter. As long as you don't do anything strange," the captain of the spiritual guard said.

He knew that he could not decipher the conversation, so he was not interested at all in what exactly was said between the two.

As long as Dai Tianchun doesn't do anything weird.

And judging from the screen currently displayed on the monitoring equipment, the psychic energy fluctuation value in the room has always been maintained at 0.

If someone in the house uses a spell, even a subtle spell with psychic energy fluctuations can be detected instantly.

The captain of the spiritual guard stared at the screen for more than fourteen minutes. It was not until Dai Tianchun was about to leave the apartment that he quickly put away the projected screen.

"Thank you, Principal Dai. Fifteen minutes. No more, no less." Seeing Dai Tianchun come out as promised, the captain of the spiritual guard and his subordinates bowed to him.

"Thank you all. Take good care of my students." Dai Tianchun smiled calmly and walked away.

It wasn't until he completely disappeared at the end of the corridor that the four spirit guards breathed a sigh of relief.

Everyone couldn't help but sigh. After all, it was the frightened Crazy Demon Dai who could bring such a heavy sense of oppression to people through just ordinary communication.

"Captain, do you want to send this monitoring back to Jiutian Jingmi Institute for analysis?" A member of the Spirit Guard suggested.

"Of course. And we must upload it immediately." The captain of the spiritual guard immediately replied.

Everything. Just for the sake of caution.

Although in the picture before, the teacher and student did not make any strange movements. Apart from using encrypted sound transmission technology to communicate, Qu Shuling just kept eating.

And the data of the psychic monitoring equipment has always been 0. From all aspects, there is no fault to be found.

However, as the captain of the spiritual guard carefully selected by Teng Luchen, he still felt an indescribable strange feeling towards Dai Tianchun's sudden appearance.

But it is. I don’t know why...

...

On the other side, this is the time when Number 60 High School is out. The surrounding elementary schools and kindergartens that are relatively close to Number 60 High School almost all end at this time. Therefore, the road in front of the main entrance of the school is often jammed.

As the chief security officer of Number 60 High School, in addition to protecting the safety of students, I also need to be concerned about the road conditions in front of the campus.

Deathly Heavenly Dao was wearing the uniform of the school security chief. A pair of white gloves gently tapped on the window of a medium-sized off-road vehicle.

After the car window was lowered, he saw a bejeweled middle-aged lady with curly hair sitting in the driver's seat. She glanced at him impatiently: "What's the matter?"

This attitude made Heavenly Dao very angry when he just took over the position of chief security officer of 60 High School. But he has calmed down a lot these days.

Originally, he came to this position just to get closer to Wang Ling, to experience secular life, and to exercise his mind.

Although it hasn't been that long now, I have still developed some willpower.

At least when I hear this impatient tone, I won't get angry directly.

As Heavenly Dao. How can I be like ordinary people?

After sorting out his thoughts for a while, Death Heavenly Dao still looked at the middle-aged lady with a pleasant look.

He said softly in the gentlest tone possible: "Hello, auntie, it's school time now. Parking is not allowed here." Then my baby is injured. What should I do? The world is in chaos now. There are so many bad people!"

"Auntie...your child is already there?"

"You are 18 years old. What's wrong? You are no longer a baby at the age of 18? Your hair has not even grown. In the eyes of our parents, children will always be babies." The lady said exaggeratedly while patting her chest.

"..." Death Heavenly Dao sighed inwardly.

He said to himself: A small number of giant babies in today's society may have been developed by this kind of infinite doting...

He's already eighteen years old. He still doesn't know how to go home by himself!

"If Auntie wants to park, drive to the road in front and turn. There is a dedicated parking lot."

"Ouch! That parking fee is so expensive! Anyway, he came out quickly. I picked him up and left!"

"Auntie, please don't make it difficult for me. This is the rule." Death Heavenly Dao continued to persuade me.

Unexpectedly, even under such gentle advice, the middle-aged woman suddenly became angry: "I have been enduring it for a long time since just now! Who are you calling aunty! Do I look that old? Wouldn't you? I can talk. Do you have a tutor?"

"..."

Death Heavenly Dao found out. For some particularly unreasonable middle-aged aunts, as long as they are unreasonable in their own affairs, they will suddenly change the topic and talk about other issues.

But there is no other way. For people who don't listen, no matter how many good words they use to persuade them, it's just clichés to them.

"Auntie, since you don't leave, I have to deduct points." At this time, Heavenly Dao stood solemnly outside the car. He still maintained a professional smile on his face, but he didn't know why he looked a little gloomy.

"You think you are a traffic policeman. You are crazy!" Seeing this, the middle-aged lady quickly closed her window and continued to hide in the car and did her own thing.

"Year 219."

At this moment, Death Heavenly Dao almost immediately reported a number.

This is his real occupational disease. Because almost every person he meets, Heavenly Dao can almost clearly see the number above the other person's head.

That's right. This number indicates how many years of life this person currently has.

"Illegal occupation of the road in front of the campus. It is invalid after advice. Fined 10 years of life." At this time, Heavenly Dao sighed silently and directly changed the number above the middle-aged woman's head to 209.

...

"Ah. Grandma, are you okay?"

At the school gate, an old man on crutches suddenly fell. A passing girl rushed over immediately. Without fear of being touched, she directly helped her up.

She is a kind girl.

Death Heavenly Dao nodded.

then...

He directly transferred these ten years of life to the girl who supported the old man.

But after everything was done, he suddenly felt that the girl's face seemed familiar. It was as if he had seen it somewhere.

Wait a minute!

Isn't this person the alchemy genius girl from Shengke, Su Xingyue?





Chapter 1987 Su Xingyue’s Reconciliation


As the school guard of Number 60 High School. It is also crucial to remember the faces of everyone who comes in contact with Number 60 High School.

Campus security is of vital importance. Heavenly Dao now has an unshirkable responsibility as the chief of school security. So almost every day he browses the records of wanted criminals on the Internet and updates the memory bank in his mind. His appearance is deep in his mind. Deeply imprinted in my mind.

Just a few days ago, he punished a human trafficker who was sneaking around campus.

At that time, the death of Heavenly Dao directly planted "Heavenly Dao Death Knell" in his soul. It is a seed type spell that can slowly deduct life span. It acts directly on the soul.

The implanted person will not feel anything. As long as he has the idea of doing evil, his life span will be -1. Once it reaches 0, he will die suddenly...

In addition, if the evil thoughts are carried out directly, Heavenly Dao's death knell's crisis warning mechanism will be triggered immediately, which will also kill the person.

The main reason for doing this was death. Heavenly Dao didn't want the trafficker to die directly at the school gate. Otherwise, it would be troublesome for Number 60 High School.

He didn't want people to think that some evil person came to Number 60 High School and died in the workplace. He died on the way...

Of course, the above-mentioned disciplinary actions are only aimed at those evildoers who violate laws and disciplines and are heinous.

Treating Su Xingyue. Death Heavenly Dao feels that there is no need to go into this yet.

"Classmate Su, what are you doing here at Number 60 High School?" Death Heavenly Dao directly reached out and intercepted Su Xingyue at the door of Number 60 High School. It was about to be the end of school. Su Xingyue chose this time to come to Death Heavenly Dao still felt strange.

After all, there was a "history" of spying on the combat strength data of Number 60 High School students last time. Heavenly Dao actually didn't have a good impression of Su Xingyue. In addition, Wang Ling had just told him to be careful. Intelligence spies sent by Shengke.

So it was even more impossible for him to let Su Xingyue in.

"I'm here to see my classmate Sun Rong... She is the student union president of Number 60 High School, right?" Su Xingyue said politely. She no longer had the same superiority as when she came to Number 60 High School last time. feeling.

She looked at the young man who stopped her in front of her. The expression between her eyebrows was slightly startled. This was the uniform of the chief security officer of 60 High School. He recognized it.

The last time I came to Number 60 High School, the school security chief hadn't shown up yet. It seems that Number 60 High School has tightened security recently.

Death Heavenly Dao's human form is very young. He is probably in his early twenties. However, under normal circumstances, cultivators with social experience never judge their behavior based on their appearance.

So even though the human form of Death Heavenly Dao looked very young, Su Xingyue did not dare to neglect it at all. She had her own intuition. She always felt that the young man in front of her was mysterious and unpredictable. There was an indescribable sense of oppression.

"Then you and classmate Sun, do you have an appointment?" Death Heavenly Dao said without any nonsense and went straight to the topic.

"That's not the case yet..." Su Xingyue said awkwardly.

In fact, the last time she came here, she tried to add Sun Rong to WeChat. The result was directly rejected. This made Su Xingyue slightly speechless.

Since becoming the new president of the Shengke Student Union, Su Xingyue feels that she is actually under a lot of pressure. On the other hand, she actually does not want to have too much trouble with Number 60 High School. Therefore, this time she comes here for the purpose of friendship and communication. Come.

In addition, I also asked Qu Shuling for mercy...

Others don't know what happens in the spirit world, but Su Xingyue has her own intelligence network.

She knew that Li Changzhe and Zhang Linyan had a good relationship with Wang Ling, so she wanted to try to communicate with Wang Ling first. If she could get help from Wang Ling, then she could follow the lead and get Li Changzhe and Zhang Linyan. Zhang Linyan's letter of understanding. Qu Shuling may not have to face the fate of being hidden.

Of course. Su Xingyue knew that getting close to Wang Ling was actually not an easy task.

That's why she came to see Sun Rong now.

"There's nothing you can do without a reservation. Student Su, you definitely can't go in. If you want to see classmate Sun Rong. Maybe you can wait until she comes out from school and try to find her." Death Heavenly Dao said.

"Can't you be accommodating?"

"No. This is my duty. Please don't make things difficult for me, Mr. Su."

"But your Number 60 High School has always maintained an open and inclusive attitude..."

Su Xingyue was a little anxious. She didn't expect that the attitude of the school guard chief would be so tough.

"The school spirit of our school has always been like this. It promotes righteousness and has a correct school spirit. But we can't let people who deliberately test the information of our school's students enter the school for the second time, right?" Death Heavenly Dao laughed.

Su Xingyue: "..."

I bet her temptation was discovered last time...

No wonder she wasn't allowed in.

Su Xingyue sighed inwardly. She thought the last test was perfect. She didn't expect it to be exposed like that.

To be honest, she knew that Qu Shuling made a big mistake in this spiritual world trial. He had murderous intentions when facing students from the same camp. Although he did not succeed in the end, the Jingmi Institute wanted to hide him. It gave me the most face-saving result.

Now she is brazenly trying to ask Number 60 High School to help obtain a letter of understanding from Li Changzhe and Zhang Linyan... This step may be as difficult as heaven.

But Su Xingyue still wanted to give it a try as much as possible.

After all, no one knows Qu Shuling's past better than she does. As someone who came from the same school as his teacher, Su Xingyue felt that she and Qu Shuling should have had a brother-sister relationship that transcended blood relations over the years.

So she was willing to risk being looked down upon and came here.

To Heavenly Dao's surprise, Su Xingyue actually raised her head in the next second. The determination in her eyes remained unabated. The light of the setting sun illuminated her maple leaf-style Hanfu red.

"Okay. I won't bother Mr. President. I'll wait here for classmate Sun Rong to come out." She said to Heavenly Dao. Then she stood upright at the school gate.

Death Heavenly Dao originally wanted Su Xingyue to give up. Girls all want to save face. Besides, Su Xingyue is not an ordinary high school student. Her popularity is not lower than that of Qu Shuling. Even if she wears a mask now, as long as she If you stand at the school gate for a while, you will be recognized quickly.

If people on the Internet knew that she came to Number 60 High School this time for reconciliation, it would undoubtedly be an epic slap in the face for Shengko itself.

The principal there issued a letter of challenge to protect the calf. As a result, the student union president came to Number 60 High School to seek reconciliation.

Netizens will definitely think that Shengke University, which is known as the number one university, is probably nothing more than that.

Otherwise, how could such a logically confusing decision be made?

At the same time. Number 60 High School student union office.

Sun Rong stared at Su Xingyue at the school gate for a long time.

To be honest, such a firm look in her eyes made her slightly moved.

If Su Xingyue continues to stand at the school gate, I'm afraid someone will recognize her soon and it will cause further sensation. Then how can classmate Wang Ling leave school quietly?

Having no choice but to do so, Sun Rong could only sigh in his heart. He immediately sent a message to Death Heavenly Dao: "Senior, please let her in. But school will be over soon. Be careful to stay hidden. Take her directly through the teleportation channel. Student Union Office. Don’t cause trouble to classmate Wang Ling."

"Okay. Got it." Death Heavenly Dao smiled bitterly in his heart.

I dare you to do this in the end for Wang Ling. rather than to give Su Xingyue face...





Chapter 1988 The Immortal King’s Daily Life Animation Season 2 starts tomorrow


Updates super fast

Sun Rong does not like Su Xingyue. The reason is very simple. Simply because Su Xingyue's first rude test left a very bad impression on her. Watermark Advertising Test Watermark Advertising Test

However, under such circumstances, she actually dared to come alone to ask for reconciliation. This inner courage is still very admirable to Sun Rong.

A genius in the number one university. He is also a wizard in alchemy. If Su Xingyue was also in Number 60 High School. Sun Rong feels that she and Su Xingyue should be very good friends.

It's just a pity that so far, they are still on opposite sides of each other.

"Liangzi. What do you think of Su Xingyue?" At this time, Sun Rong in the student union office looked aside to Jiugong Liangzi, who was sitting on the sofa and slowly sipping tea.

Jiugong Liangzi's appearance. In fact, Sun Rong did not ask her to come. In addition, because of her status as an exchange student, Jiugong Liangzi's class at Number 60 High School is actually very casual. It doesn't matter whether she comes or not. It's so famous. Just come to experience the rigorous learning atmosphere in Huaxiu...

Suddenly his name was called. Jiugong Liangzi was holding tea. He pretended to be cold and snorted: "Let's talk about it first. It's all because the guy Zhuo Yi is worried that Shengke will do some tricks. Let me come here."

"I understand."

Sun Rong nodded and smiled slightly. She was already very familiar with Jiugong Liangzi's character: "There is a saying that the authorities are confused and the beholder is clear. I have Liangzi as a strategist to help me give advice. I can't thank you enough."

"Well. It's good if you know." Jiugong Liangzi nodded with satisfaction.

"By the way, Liangzi. I never asked you before. Have Jiudaohe ever had any dealings with Shengke?"

"That's natural. After all, Jiudaohe is also a famous high school on Sun Island. There is no shortage of international exchanges in previous years. Shengke has been the number one high school cultivation academy for many years. Of course, there are also exchanges of feelings between our two schools."

Jiugong Liangzi said while thinking: "I remember that the last class before Jisaki became the president of the student union... he was sent to communicate with Shengke."

"What happened next?"

"At that time, Shengke specially renovated an on-campus training hall and designed it into a monster extermination hall. There were dedicated teachers and safety consultants. Some captured ghosts would be placed in the monster extermination hall. Then representatives from the two schools would be inside. Competition to eliminate demons."

"It sounds quite generous. It's very attentive."

"Yes. We thought Shengke was very attentive at first. But who knew that after the seniors of that class entered, not a single ghost was caught. Instead, they were treated as ghosts and beaten up."

"???"

"I don't know the specific situation. But I heard from the seniors of that class that the Shengke students who were chasing them were very excited at the time. They shouted loudly, such as "defeat the Japanese", "the father's debt must be paid by the son," and we are not qualified to ask for forgiveness from our ancestors. Ah and stuff like that. I actually still don’t quite understand what it means.”

"..."

Hearing this, sweat began to form on Sun Rong's cheeks. After being stunned for several seconds, he said: "Then... what happens next?"

"Then they said it was a misunderstanding. An accidental injury. Shengke paid for the medical expenses and a bunch of material supplements. The matter is settled."

"That's it..."

Sun Rong showed an expression of realization.

She didn't expect that Shengke would actually do quite well in terms of patriotism education.

It stands to reason that in order to demonstrate their inclusiveness and international status, the top-ranked universities are usually deeply influenced by the West in some aspects...

Now it seems that she still has some misunderstandings about Shengke.

Although the principal is a lunatic in everyone's eyes and the president of the student union is a pervert with a twisted mentality... he cannot beat all the students to death with a stick.

Sun Rong had heard about the Spirit Realm Trial Field before. Because of Qu Shuling's performance alone, Shengke's participation in the Earth Center Project may be canceled directly.

So Sun Rong guessed that Su Xingyue came to see him this time. On the surface, it was to seek reconciliation for Qu Shuling. In fact, he also wanted to preserve Shengke's original plan for participating in the Earth Center Project.

If Jingmi Academy directly excludes Shengke from the list, their status and face as the number one university will be lost.

dong dong dong

At this time, there was a gentle knocking on the door of the student union office, directly interrupting Sun Rong's thoughts.

"Come in. Student Su." Sun Rong said.

To be honest, Su Xingyue was still nervous before entering the student union. She had participated in countless international competitions, but she had never been as nervous as she was today.

Of course, when she entered the student union gate and saw Jiugong Liangzi sitting in the office, she immediately broke out in a cold sweat.

Of course Su Xingyue also understands the grudge between Jiudaohe and Shengke.

Although she had heard about it before. The eldest daughter of the Jiugong family came to Number 60 High School as an exchange student. But she never expected that she would appear on this occasion...

So is this to seek revenge for the "Japanese Incident" that year...

"Let me introduce you to Mr. Su. This is Ms. Jiugong Liangzi from the Jiugong family. She is currently an exchange student at Number 60 High School." Sun Rong got straight to the point. He said directly without hesitation: "But I think the same goes for Mr. Su. I have already done a careful investigation. Even if I didn’t come here in person, it should be included in Shengke’s data pagoda, right?"

This was a straight punch. And it was the kind that stabbed straight into the heart. Su Xingyue couldn't hold back on the spot.

She quickly bowed and apologized: "As classmate Sun said, I know Miss Jiugong Liangzi. I am very sorry about the last time I came to your school to test for information. Before I came here, I had asked the Data Pagoda in the name of the President of the Student Union. The staff of Number 60 High School cleared all the information. It is a great sincerity for me to come on this trip..."

These words sound quite pertinent.

Jiugong Liangzi nodded secretly at Sun Rong. After the two women looked at each other, Sun Rong took the initiative to make tea for Su Xingyue: "Student Su, don't be so nervous. Sit down first. Come on. Let’s talk while drinking tea."

"good..."

Su Xingyue agreed. But in fact, she knew very well that now was definitely not the time to enjoy tea leisurely. It was already very difficult for her to come to Number 60 High School this time.

God knows if there will be a chance to meet Sun Rong next time...

"I know the purpose of Student Su's trip. "

Sun Rong pushed the tea cup in front of Su Xingyue: "I think this is the best arrangement for the punishment of Student Qu to preserve the face of Shengke. And this is also the best arrangement for the managers of Jingmi Academy. The consensus is that no matter how rich and powerful we are, the Sun family or the Jiugong family, they can’t get in the way."

"No...Classmate Sun. You misunderstood."

Su Xingyue had no intention of drinking tea. She just kept circling with her two index fingers. This was a sign of extreme nervousness: "That's it... I just want to ask... It's just that... I wonder if Mr. Sun can help me." Move classmates Li Changzhe and Zhang Linyan...as long as they can issue a letter of understanding..."

"But I'm not familiar with them..."

"I know." Su Xingyue said: "But classmate Wang Ling is very familiar with them... Plus you are very familiar with classmate Wang Ling..."

"..." Sun Rong and Jiugong Liangzi both understood.

Good guy. I'm here to do math problems for them...





Chapter 1989 The relationship between Wang Ling


The sentence "You and Wang Ling are very familiar" directly made Sun Rong slightly worried. His face instantly turned red. But he still controlled himself as much as possible.

"Why does Mr. Su think that Wang Ling and I are very familiar..."

"Wang Ling's composition is very good. Didn't you set up a literary exchange organization specifically for classmate Wang Ling? You are also the president of the support club?" Su Xingyue said.

"..." Sun Rong was shocked. She never expected that Su Xingyue knew directly that she was the Gray Cult leader.

"How did you know about this?" Jiugong Liangzi crossed his arms. His face began to show some hostility, and he looked at Su Xingyue with a cautious look.

This is not something Su Xingyue should know. Of course, as the current president of the Shengke Student Union, and her past intelligence gathering ability, Su Xingyue must have a better grasp of intelligence information than ordinary people.

"I didn't investigate on purpose. This is also the calculation result of the previous data pagoda...it hasn't been confirmed yet. But judging from your reactions, it should be right."

Su Xingyue laughed: "Because there must be Wang Ling and classmate Sun Rong in the Number 60 High School competition before. In addition, there are also rumors about the two of them in the campus circles... so I thought about it. Why don't you input your reasoning into the data pagoda and let it calculate the results and see...Don't worry. I told you that the data has all been cleared."

"You know, classmate Su, your behavior is actually very rude." Jiugong Liangzi criticized with a scrutinizing gaze.

"You are right in your criticisms. But I really didn't mean it."

Su Xingyue lowered her head and sighed: "But now, I have no other choice. Because this time, Shengke is very likely to lose his place in the Geocentric Project because of Senior Brother Qu..."

She said this. Sun Rong and Jiugong Liangzi immediately looked at each other.

They had long expected this result.

On the surface, Su Xingyue was interceding for Qu Shuling, but in fact, she came here just for the quota in Shengke.

But this matter is really not something Sun Rong can get involved in.

And she knows that man very well...

The last thing Wang Ling wants to do is to wade in troubled waters and meddle in other people's business. Let him be a peacemaker. This is probably an unattainable dream...

Of course. You can find Sun Rong in person. Of course Su Xingyue came prepared.

Although she was not very familiar with Wang Ling, Su Xingyue had somewhat heard about Wang Ling's character.

"High-tech quantum noodles..." At this time, she suddenly said.

"What did you say?" Sun Rong thought he heard wrongly.

"As long as classmate Wang Ling is willing to help, our scientific research department at Shengke will gather the elites of the entire hospital to create this crispy noodle that incorporates quantum technology for classmate Wang Ling..."

"..."

"My classmate Wang Ling is also tired of eating dry noodles with various rare flavors. This kind of quantum flavor... Although I don't know what it tastes like, and I don't know if it tastes good. But classmate Wang Ling is sure Interested! And this kind of dry noodles will be preserved forever without any preservatives. Maybe you can take one bite and it will be full of the flavor of the universe."

"The taste of the universe..." Sun Rong and Jiugong Liangzi were dumbfounded. They never expected that Shengke would do this for the sake of quota.

Gathering the scientific research elites from all the institutes to study dry noodles...

"Isn't this a bit big and trivial? Student Su... I don't think it's okay? I think scientific research should be focused on more useful things..." Sun Rong raised his head and said awkwardly. .

"Please rest assured, Mr. Sun. The so-called existence is reasonable. We study quantum crispy noodles. Essentially, it is to study quantum food technology. Therefore, quantum crispy noodles are the development target. In fact, it does not affect us as a whole."

Su Xingyue said seriously. Then he took out a jade tube directly from his arms. After injecting spiritual power, the jade tube began to play various digital codes and configuration diagrams in the void. Directly put Sun Rong and Jiugong Liangzi was dumbfounded.

"This is part of the information that can be made public. We are serious about it."

Even Su Xingyue became serious as she spoke: "If quantum food technology can be born.

Theoretically, we can remotely supply cultivators. That is to say, even if there is a war in the future, through quantum food technology, we can remotely supply energy to cultivators on the battlefield. There is no need to waste any time." And these The taste of food will also be perfectly restored on the taste buds. It will feel like you are really eating something. Not only will it make people feel full, but it will also prevent you from gaining weight!"

I can only say that Su Xingyue is worthy of being Su Xingyue.

As a talented young cultivator at the international level who is used to seeing big scenes, he is now the president of the student union of Shengke. His eloquence is not something that can be underestimated.

I have to say, this generous speech is really moving...

Even Sun Rong and Jiugong Liangzi were moved after hearing this.

As eldest ladies, they remind themselves to stay in shape all the time. They cannot enjoy delicious food normally. They can only use elixirs to replace the body's energy.

You can't enjoy the fun of delicious food at all.

For girls, staying in shape is always the first priority...

Seeing Sun Rong's throat rolling. Su Xingyue knew that this matter was most likely a drama: "That student Sun, it doesn't matter whether this matter will happen or not. I just want to let Just express my concern to classmate Wang Ling..."

"Ah, by the way. This technology can actually also be used for elixirs. For example, directly decomposing the elixirs and transmitting them to distant cultivators through quantum technology. In other words, if the technology is really successful and put into practice, our Shengke is actually completely We can also cooperate with Huaguo Shui Lian Group."

Hearing this. Sun Rong suddenly felt how scary Su Xingyue was.

I didn't expect that I would even take this step...

As the future helmsman of the company, Sun Rong naturally cares about the future development of the Huaguo Shui Lian Group.

She took a few deep breaths and finally calmed down: "Okay, classmate Su. I will only help you this time... but if classmate Wang Ling doesn't agree, don't blame me."

"Don't worry. Even if classmate Wang Ling doesn't agree. Even if we in Shengke really lose this precious place in the end, our friendship will last forever." At this point, Su Xingyue took the initiative to extend her hand.

Jiugong Liangzi took the place of Sun Rong and shook it directly: "I hope that Mr. Su will be true to his appearance and that he will do what he says. Our Jiugong family also has a lot of criticisms against Shengke. I hope that the conflicts for many years can be resolved in the future."

Originally, Su Xingyue thought that she had successfully set the pace.

However, she never expected Jiugong Liangzi's move, which directly reduced her momentum to the bottom: "This is...natural...Jiugong, don't worry...look at my performance later. I will definitely not let you down." Disappointed..."

"Just like..."

"Just with what?"

"It's just like the second season of the Immortal King's Daily Life animation that started airing today. You won't be disappointed..."

"I know this! Is it the domestic show where the author was sacrificed again in the first episode!"

"Yes, yes! That's it! The author Ku Xuan died so tragically in the first episode... wu wu wu..."





Chapter 1990: Robbery incident


"That's what happened. Classmate Wang Ling..."

The student union office at eight o'clock in the evening. Su Xingyue has evacuated. Only Sun Rong and Jiugong Liangzi are left.

They called Wang Ling here. Then they truthfully explained the other party's demands according to Su Xingyue's agreement.

"That classmate Wang Ling. Don't put too much psychological pressure on me. If you don't agree, just say it. I'll reject it for you." Sun Rong said with a stiff smile.

Although she had noticed that the boy didn't seem to be listening to what she said carefully.

It can be seen that his thoughts are still stuck on the "quantum crispy noodles" she mentioned dozens of seconds ago.

Sun RongI don’t know why a pack of crispy noodles can bring so much energy to Wang Ling. Even those dead fish eyes are blooming with lotus...

It can only be said that Su Xingyue really has something. This time she was completely defeated by Su Xingyue.

"Hey..." Seeing this scene, Jiugong Liangzi couldn't help but sigh. She patted Sun Rong's shoulder to express comfort.

She wanted to say that men are unreliable.

But when the words came to his lips, he swallowed them back alive.

One is because in terms of strength in this world, there really is no man more reliable than Wang Ling.

And as far as his preference for instant noodles is concerned, Jiugong Liangzi also feels that Wang Ling has a kind of firmness and persistence that is unusual for ordinary people... This is also something that other men cannot do!

It's a pity that the emotional intelligence has never been clear. It does make people a little anxious.

On the other hand, there is actually another reason why she didn't say it.

That's herself. She already has a man...

Zhuo Yi Even though that old liar had many strange problems, she only discovered them after she fell in love.

For example, you grind your teeth while sleeping, talk in your sleep, and fart very smelly...

But there is one thing to say. Old Liar Zhuo was really nice to her. He gave her priority in every aspect, no matter how big or small.

For the first time in her life, she felt like she was being held in someone's hand and loved.

Compared with the intrigue life inside Jiugong's family, Jiugong Liangzi found that he would be more relaxed and happy living with Zhuo Yi.

So she really couldn't say the words "men are unreliable".

Compare Sun Rong's current situation. She is a bit too Versailles here.

Even in normal times, Jiugong Liangzi pays special attention to try not to post those disgusting pictures showing affection in the circle of friends.

Showing affection is for outsiders to see...that's called "killing the dog".

If you show it to your friends, especially those who are single, it would be a little too much.

This kind of time is often a time to test the strength of friendship.

As long as the other party doesn't block you, you will always be good friends...

...

It's eight o'clock in the evening. Sun Rong and Jiugong Liangzi haven't gone back yet. This is because the previous conversation with Su Xingyue was very late.

However, Wang Ling also rarely stayed in school today. First, he was on duty. Second, Teacher Pan found him and had a one-sided conversation.

It's still a matter of the spirit world and the geocentric plan. Even though Wang Ling has tried very hard this time to focus Teng Luchen's attention on Li Changzhe and Zhang Linyan.

But Jingmiyuan seems to have not completely given up on Number 60 High School...

"This is classmate Wang Ling. It can be seen that you have tried your best in this spiritual world trial."

Teacher Pan found him, pushed up his glasses, and said to him: "However, at the joint request of classmates Zhang Linyan and Li Changzhe, they told Jingmi Institute that if the two of them are later selected for the Earth Center Project, they hope that you will We can go together too."

Wang Ling: "..."

Teacher Pan said earnestly and patted Wang Ling on the shoulder: "Hey. Wang Ling. I didn't expect that you are usually such a quiet handsome man in the back row. You can be so attractive. On the other hand, representatives from two prestigious universities have asked to form a team with you.

"..."

To be honest. This was another unexpected turn for Wang Ling.

In the end, he still failed to avoid the activities of the Geocentric Project.

Maybe this is the legendary bad fate.

Wang Ling sighed in his heart.

Sure enough, there is a cycle of cause and effect. Sooner or later, you will have to pay it back.

After all, the entrance to the Earth Center Plan is at the top of the sky, under the Palm Cliff. And this entrance was actually opened by him with one palm...

It was like giving the Earth Spirit a penetrating wound in the face and then leaving it alone.

It's just that the entrance was extremely small back then. It might be thinner than the eye of a needle. Wang Ling didn't realize that the earth had actually been penetrated by the energy of that palm after finishing the blow.

Now after endless years of baptism, this invisible loophole has finally become the entrance to the inner world of the earth...

Ultimately, Wang Ling still owes the Earth Spirit an explanation.

The beautiful earth needs to be cared for by everyone.

But now it seems that it is too late to fill the loopholes again. Now that human cultivators have discovered the passage into the center of the earth, they will inevitably not give up the exploration of the inner world.

The geocentric studies and related professional courses that have become popular in recent years are actually paving the way for the future geocentric plan. No matter how rich, rare or novel any resource is, once it is explored by humans, it will be a disaster.

Mortal greed is always a sin that cannot be abandoned. Now the pressure on the surface of the earth is already overwhelmed. If we wait for the resources in the center of the earth to be hollowed out...

Wang Ling cannot imagine whether I can still peacefully live my ideal daily life.

So, make peace with what you have come. Wang Ling knows that his trip is actually to pay off a debt. And he still has to go.

The battle for honor between Xiu Zhen Country and Xiu Zhen Country can be left to Zhang Linyan and Li Changzhe.

And what he is thinking about now is to take advantage of this great opportunity of the geocentric plan to enter the interior of the geocentric world and naturally find a way to fill this hole.

So after meeting Sun Rong here, Wang Ling immediately planned to meet Li Changzhe.

He rarely takes the initiative to find people. But this time he did it out of necessity...

Because if he wants to fill the hole, according to his envisioned plan, Shengke cannot completely abandon it.

Therefore, he helped Li Changzhe, Zhang Linyan and Su Xingyue of Shengke reach a reconciliation. In fact, it was also a logical event within the plan and deployment of Wang Ling.

So he is not the kind of person who can't walk around after seeing novel instant noodles... All of this was within his expectation!

But at this moment, he was standing at the door of the hotel. Suddenly he felt a hint of ominous premonition...

By this time in the morning, the mist master Luo Lan had already come to see Li Changzhe. This is very clear to Wang Ling.

However, in modern cities where there are many cultivators, Wang Ling's ability to sense breath has always been accurate. If there are high-level masters around, he can sense it quickly.

After all, cultivators above Itinerant Immortal are still a minority on the current earth...

But now, Wang Ling can clearly feel that there are four cultivators above the casual cultivation realm in the hotel alone!

Combined with the fact that Li Changzhe's chatterbox has lost his voice. Wang Ling Now it is not difficult to judge... This guy may have been attracted by four powerful men at the same time! They all want to accept him as their apprentice!





Chapter 1991 Clean and hygienic


Latest website: Surrounded by a group of people. What is it like to rush to be a master...

Anyway, Wang Ling has no such experience. He himself was only begged by Zhuo Yi to become a master.

Of course. For a senior patient with social phobia like Wang Ling, it is not difficult for him to imagine how uncomfortable it feels to be surrounded by people and stared at.

Especially when he was stared at by four powerful men at once. Even if he didn't release any spiritual pressure, just the suffocation caused by the secret competition between the powerful men with their eyes and momentum was enough to make him breathless.

Therefore, it is indeed expected that Li Changzhe, who is usually chatty, cannot use his mobile phone at all at this moment. Wang Ling.

Originally, for a boy, the full keyboard grid on the mobile phone is already small enough. There is always a chance of pressing the wrong button by mistake...

And under this situation, Li Changzhe had to face the attack of four powerful men. He was so weak that he hesitated in the middle.

This kind of scene Wang Ling can be imagined even if you haven't seen it.

He didn't expect that this socially awkward person would actually end up like this...

I’m afraid my fingers are shaking even when I’m typing now, right?

At the same time, in the private room of the hotel restaurant, Li Changzhe was caught in the middle, staring at a table full of hotel dishes, without any appetite in his heart.

These dishes were all ordered by the four seniors in front of me. Even Li Changzhe didn't know why the situation turned out like this...

In the morning, he met Luo Lan not long after being introduced by Zhuo Yi.

The remaining three people came to the door...

And he didn't care about the fact that he was already Luo Lan's disciple. He just wanted to rob someone in front of Luo Lan.

"Haha. Master Luo Lan, you put such a big mist array in Songhai City, but you don't care about your disciples at all. Look at what I ordered? Ultimate Dragon and Tiger Feitou Soup! This is specially made for clearing the lungs. Dishes! My disciple is extremely talented. He must keep up with his daily nutritional supplements!"

A man with a muscular body spoke. He was huge, like a giant bear, with muscles all over his body. He just sat there, like a hill. His head almost reached the ceiling. It gave people a strong sense of oppression. feel.

"Master Canglong's words are wrong... What a cultivator should practice is the heart. As long as the state of mind is deep enough, how can these things that satisfy the appetite and appetite seduce my disciple?"

Luo Lan responded with a smile. Then he looked at the waitress on the side and shouted suddenly: "Waiter! Add more dishes! Bring up the most expensive Galaxy Buddha Jumping Over the Wall in your store!"

"It's meaningless for you two to compete like this. We are all here to take on apprentices. Why are you so at odds with each other?"

At this moment, the third person spoke. He was a middle-aged man with a slowly growing beard and an energetic face. He was wearing a Tang suit. When he smiled, the dimples on his face were deeply sunken: "Since you are like this Don't blame me for being rude... The waiter... immediately asked the chef to stew my freshly caught star dragon fish! The whole fish was stewed! You can eat as much as you want today, my disciple! Freshly caught !Clean and sanitary!"

The senior fisherman’s name is Liu Yong. As his name suggests, he has always been brave.

As a video blogger who travels around the world and tries out all kinds of weird food, Liu Yong earns money through the popularity of his videos on the Internet while practicing Buddhism. He became famous many years ago.

At the same time, every time after tasting the weird food, the must-have phrase "clean and hygienic" really leaves a very deep impression on people.

Li Changzhe was stunned. He didn't expect that these senior "masters" would be entangled like this...

The damn desire to win and lose among men was fully demonstrated at this moment.

However, at this time, there was still one person who had not spoken. That was a short old man sitting on the edge, as if it had nothing to do with him. He was wearing a training uniform and a red belt.

Yes that's right...

This one is no one else.

It is none other than Yi Jianchuan himself, one of the legendary ten generals!

Li Changzhe never expected that even the Sword Master would be alarmed by this wave...

Just when the three of them were fighting over Li Changzhe, Sword Master Yi smiled calmly: "You have finally come to Songhai City. How can I let you spend so much money? I think today's meal, I might as well let the old man Just pay the bill."

There is no doubt that this last statement truly defeated the three people in front of me.

The atmosphere in front of his eyes gradually solidified. Li Changzhe finally couldn't help it anymore: "Seniors, I think... everyone should calm down... and I am already a disciple of Master Luo Lan. I will worship the master again." . Isn’t it not good..."

After saying this, Luo Lan nodded with satisfaction. Li Changzhe's firm attitude was really touching...

"You who have become a disciple can immediately become a master. I have heard of your Mist Technique. You have already practiced to the highest level. It stands to reason that you can become a disciple a long time ago! Why does Master Luo Lan tie you up? Well. Young man...you should go see the wider world and absorb new knowledge." The burly Canglong Master said with a serious look on his face.

These words were undoubtedly like a knife stabbing directly into Luo Lan's heart...

And instantly rendered him speechless.

Because what Cang Long said is absolutely right. Li Changzhe has mastered the art of fog to this level. It can be said that he is already better than his master himself. He has indeed reached the point where he can become a master...

But the problem is. He actually only confirmed the master-disciple relationship with Li Changzhe in the morning!

How can there be a land where you can leave the army at the speed of light in less than 24 days?

Luo Lan was almost roaring in her heart.

There is a kind of pain like a mute eating coptis...

There was an agreement between him and Li Changzhe.

Therefore, Luo Lan knew very well. Without them saying anything, no one present knew that Li Changzhe's ability to practice the Mist Technique to the highest level was entirely due to him.

This cheap master who came all the way to Songhai City just picked up a ready-made leak.

Luo Lan originally thought that he had made a profit. He could find an opportunity to hold a big banquet in the future and show off to everyone that Li Changzhe was his direct disciple!

But I never expected that not long after becoming a disciple, I would be forced to become a disciple by three other people...

"It's hard to bear..."

Even Li Changzhe himself felt extremely helpless. Facing these famous seniors in the world of cultivation, he found that his usual glib personality was instantly suppressed. He had no idea what to say.

The main thing is that none of these individuals he dares to offend...if he really says the wrong thing, who knows if he will take revenge on him in the future?

Although Li Changzhe is usually a bit open-minded, he is not completely unreasonable at critical moments. If he chatted with the few people present in his usual casual tone, he felt that he might be beaten to death directly.

OMG!

Can anyone come and save me quickly...

Li Changzhe cried out in despair.

At this moment, a figure wearing Li Changzhe's familiar school uniform suddenly appeared at the door of the private room.

Although the figure just passed by in a flash, Li Changzhe quickly recognized this person.

It’s Wang Ling!





Chapter 1992 The person who settles everything


Latest website: Li Changzhe's nose felt sour for a moment. He never expected that Wang Ling would still show up even in such an embarrassing situation.

Whether it helps him or not is another matter. But this friendship has already made Li Changzhe extremely grateful.

Although I have only known Wang Ling for a short time, Li Changzhe is very clear about Wang Ling's social phobia. He is most afraid of appearing in crowded places.

He had previously made an appointment with Wang Ling to meet in the evening. He thought Wang Ling would definitely not come over in this situation. Unexpectedly, he still showed up as scheduled.

What a good brother!

Li Changzhe was moved.

I almost shed tears of excitement.

To be honest, he didn't care at all whether Wang Ling would come to his rescue. But just with this attitude, he was already very touched.

Then in the next second, the door to the private room was pushed open.

An elegant young man with a thunder pattern on his forehead, wearing a white ancient clothes, pushed the door open and walked in directly with a smile on his face.

Those who dare to get involved in such a situation can no longer be described as courageous...it is simply an act of seeking death! You must know that these people in the private room are all masters. And The Sword Master is in charge! The pressure under the gaze of the four people. If they don't have full foundation, no one would dare to challenge easily.

To be honest, those present here were already at war with each other. The atmosphere was extremely depressing. But now, facing this person who suddenly pushed the door open and entered.

Almost in an instant. That strong spiritual pressure dropped suddenly!

The spiritual pressure of three legendary masters and a retired sword master instantly solidified the atmosphere in the entire private room to the extreme!

That was tens of millions of tons of huge spiritual pressure. All of it condensed directly onto the body of the intruder.

Li Changzhe covered his eyes almost subconsciously. This was too cruel... Although he could not fully see the face of the person who pushed the door in. But who can withstand such spiritual pressure?

"Fellow Taoists, I think we should calm down a little bit?" The young man in white robes and ancient clothes said with an easy-going look.

Everyone in the field showed astonishment.

It is really unbelievable. Under the combined pressure of the four of them, this person's voice can be conveyed so clearly and smoothly, as if he is not suffering from this spiritual pressure.

Wait a minute!

This voice seems a bit familiar?

At this moment, the calm swordsman narrowed his eyes to a slit. When he saw the face of the visitor clearly, he immediately withdrew his spiritual pressure and said, "Who is this? It turns out to be the Office of The master of Strategic Deception is here..."

As soon as these words came out, Luo Lan, Cang Long, Liu Yong, including Li Changzhe, were all shocked.

They all came from far away. But they had already heard about the reputation of the master of the Office of Strategic Deception. They did not expect that the master of the legendary super sect would show up at this moment.

Why is this head of the Office of Strategic Deception here?

This is a question shared by all the masters present now.

But they understood one thing. That was why the head of the Office of Strategic Deception dared to break into the private room so recklessly.

On the one hand, it is strong.

This person's realm has already broken through to True Immortal. He is the first peerless master on earth to reach the realm of True Venerated Immortal. Not to mention the pressure exerted by the four of them together. Even if there are a dozen more True Immortals, the result will probably be the same.

The gap between realms cannot be filled by quantity alone.

Of course, there is another aspect. That is, before Lord Diu Lei became the head of the Office of Strategic Deception, he was an active cultivator in all directions... His reputation as a death-seeking senior was unknown to almost everyone present. .

"Yeah. I didn't expect Senior Yi to be here too. It was someone Lei who offended me." After entering the private room, Lord Diu Lei looked around. Then he walked up to Yi Jianchuan pretending not to know and bowed respectfully. .

After all, this retired general, Lord Diu Lei, still needs to be respected.

Moreover, Huaxiu Alliance itself is the major shareholder of the Office of Strategic Deception. The top ten generals are all the rotating chairs of the Huaxiu Alliance. They are also equivalent to the board members of the Office of Strategic Deception.

Therefore, in terms of etiquette, Lord Diu Lei needs to be treated with extra caution.

As expected, this action also eased the Sword Master's mood a lot. He stared at Lord Diu Lei and said slowly: "You are the Office of Strategic Deception. There are many masters. There are countless talented children. There is no need. Are you competing with us for disciples?"

"What the Sword Master said makes sense." Liu Yong said quickly.

"That's right. I agree too!" Canglong followed closely.

Luo Lan, on the other hand, looked like he was half-defeated and sat slumped to the side. Just by looking at it, you could feel that the eyes of Master Luo Lan were dark...

He sighed inwardly.

This is the now famous head of the Office of Strategic Deception!

If even he had to go out and recruit disciples himself. Who could resist such temptation...

But soon, Lord Diu Lei's next words directly dispelled Luo Lan's worries: "Don't worry, everyone. Lei Mou just happened to be passing by here. So he came here specifically to be a middleman to mediate conflicts. He did not want to accept this Li Classmates become disciples."

"Oh? Mediate the conflict. What do you want to do? Let's talk about it, Xiao Lei." The sword master laughed and asked with the attitude of watching a show.

"As the saying goes, a gentleman should not take what others like. Since Mr. Li is already a disciple of Master Luo Lan, and he himself has no intention of becoming a new master, why should you make things difficult for others? It's not sweet for you to force yourself."

Lord Diu Lei spoke softly, with the air of a humble gentleman. He said eloquently: "What Mr. Li has achieved today is the result of Master Luo Lan's hard work. Now you want Master Luo Lan to force Mr. Li to be a disciple." . This move is really inappropriate."

Then he looked at Cang Long: "I have heard about the reputation of fellow Taoist Cang Long. You are a famous trainer. You have strong muscles and bones. You specialize in extremely destructive tactics. Your strikes are as fast as lightning. Your body can withstand thunder. It is completely opposite to the gentle sect like Classmate Li. If fellow Taoist Canglong can trust me, I can recommend one person to be your true disciple."

Canglong's eyes lit up instantly: "Zhenjun's reputation is like thunder. Since it is Zhenjun who guarantees the recommendation, of course I believe in Zhenjun!"

Seeing that the negotiations started smoothly, Lord Diu Lei also nodded with satisfaction: "So, Fellow Daoist Canglong, are you willing to withdraw from the competition for Classmate Li?"

"That's natural. But Zhenjun has to let me choose a disciple that I'm satisfied with. Otherwise, I'm afraid I'll have to choose Classmate Li."

"Friend Canglong, please rest assured about this. This person's name is Chen Chao. He is a rare and good young man."

Lord Diu Lei smiled meaningfully.

After dealing with Cang Long, he turned to look at Liu Yong aside: "I also know that fellow Taoist Liu Yong is the same as fellow Taoist Cang Long. They both came from far away from other places. So I can't let fellow Taoist Liu Yong travel in vain. I Here, you can also recommend someone to be a disciple of fellow Taoist Liu Yong."

"I know that fellow Taoist Liu Yong is good at actuarial calculations. He is quite accomplished in the perception system. He is also a famous gourmet. But look at Classmate Li. He is not a foodie. If he really accepts Classmate Li as a disciple, I am afraid that this will happen. You won't be able to be happy after we've been together for a long time."

"I am here to recommend fellow Taoist Liu Yong's disciple. His surname is Guo Minghao. He will definitely satisfy fellow Taoist Liu Yong."

Chen Chao...Guo Hao...

At this time, Li Changzhe and the sword master on his side carefully considered these two names.

I don't know why. They always feel that these two names are familiar. It seems as if they have heard them somewhere.

At the same moment, Wang Ling, who was standing outside the door and eavesdropping on everything, nodded with satisfaction.

Everything is within his layout...





Chapter 1993 Disciples of the Sword Master


Latest URL: Wang Ling It’s very clear. Today’s incident of recruiting disciples actually reflects to a certain extent a kind of involution in recruiting disciples among the upper-class cultivators in the modern world of cultivation.

In the information age, upper-level cultivators are no longer limited to the strength of their personal abilities. Being strong yourself is nothing. The key is to have a good disciple.

If the apprentice lives up to his expectations, the master's face will naturally shine.

But in the modern world of cultivation, under the background of the scientific era where all people practice cultivation, although there are so many cultivators, it is still a big problem to select talents with the same path as yourself and unique talents.

What happened today can reflect from the side how hungry the powerful people are today.

According to the information learned by Wang Ling, there are currently two ways for powerful people to recruit disciples.

One type is particularly well-established. They will choose to start as casual cultivators and directly open a sect. In this way, they can pass the sect entry test to directly filter out a group of young cultivators who are not very good. Then they can pass the subsequent tasks, trials, and levels. They will be selected through various tests. Let these people step by step from the outer sect to the inner sect. Finally, they will be the true successors.

The advantage of this is that you can cast a wide net and receive many disciples. In the end, you will definitely be able to recruit satisfactory true disciples to continue your legacy.

However, there are also disadvantages to opening a sect.

After all, not everyone in the current sect can be like the Office of Strategic Deception. It has already achieved huge profits in less than a year since its establishment.

The vast majority of sects have been losing money every year since their inception. What is being consumed is the personal foundation accumulated by the sect leader who started as a casual cultivator over the years.

Once you make a mistake during the operation, you will face a situation where both people and money will be lost.

Therefore, there was also a P2P sect trap a few years ago. Several well-known casual cultivators in the industry raised funds in the name of jointly establishing a sect. In the end, there were many cases of running away after getting the money...

All in all, the risk of opening a sect is still very high. And if it is not done well, it will damage the financial resources. The gain will not be worth the loss.

The operation of the sect is far from simple as it seems. As long as it is open, it will be a huge gold-swallowing beast.

Therefore, casual cultivators such as Cang Long, Luo Lan, and Liu Yong, due to their different concepts of financial management and the self-knowledge that their personality is not enough to manage a large sect, will choose to search for corresponding talents and accept them as disciples. Cultivation.

So from Wang Ling's point of view, I can't really think about it in detail.

After all, what happened to Li Changzhe in the spirit world trial ground must be the secret of Jiutian Jingmi Academy. Except that Luo Lan was contacted deliberately by Zhuo Yi... How did Liu Yong and Cang Long know about this matter? What about the ones who came to your door?

The answer seems to be obvious. That is, there are other people in Jiutian Jingmi Hospital who leaked the news.

After defeating Cang Long and Liu Yong in succession, Lord Diu Lei knew very well that the next sword master was actually a tough nut to crack.

Sword Master Yi Jianchuan has been looking for his true disciple a long time ago.

During the six-school joint military training exercise, he even set his sights on Wang Ling. Fortunately, Immortal Toya came to the rescue in time, and the Sword Master diverted his attention.

As a retired general, his intelligence and abilities are naturally extraordinary. Therefore, it is not surprising that the sword master knows Li Changzhe's performance in the spirit world trial field.

That move {Huitian Sword Technique}. Teng Luchen once guessed that it was taught by the Sword Master himself. Perhaps it was after checking with the Sword Master that the Sword Master knew about Li Changzhe's existence.

At the same time, this also highlights the "rare and valuable" aspects of Li Changzhe.

He obviously never taught Li Changzhe the Huitian Sword Technique. But this young man can do it on his own!

This is nothing but genius!

Isn't this the talented disciple he, the Sword Master, has been searching for all his life?

Of course, the Sword Master also stopped for a while. He was no longer obsessed with pursuing his disciples.

That was the time when Yi Zhiyang rose to prominence.

Yi Zhiyang, the chairman of the student union of Jian Shen College, is also his adopted son. Although his talent is not as outstanding as the sword master imagined, he is actually quite passable. In addition, he has a strong understanding of swordsmanship. Therefore, the sword master was once a Yi Zhiyang will be trained according to the plan of a true disciple.

But who would have thought... After the Jiulong Mountain Physical Martial Arts Competition, Yi Zhiyang's psychological shadow is still not completely resolved.

So now he has come up with the idea of recruiting new true disciples.

Lord Diu Lei and Wang Ling are both clear-eyed at this moment. The Sword Master is the hardest nut to crack at this moment.

However, Lord Diu Lei is not completely helpless.

"Xiao Lei, you should be very clear about my standards. If you are an ordinary person, you will definitely not be able to catch my eye."

The sword master chuckled and said: "By the way, if the person you want to recommend to me is the Sun Rong girl, I think it's better to waive it... I've never thought of taking Sun Rong as my wife. Apprentice. After all, I am quite familiar with that old guy Sun Yiyuan. But when the old guy heard that I have to endure hardships to practice swordsmanship, he refused to give up his granddaughter to me."

"So that's it." Lord Diu Lei nodded slightly. He had actually heard about this matter.

Everyone knows that Mr. Boss Sun cherishes his granddaughter and holds it like the apple of his eye. It is normal for him not to let go.

In fact, Lord Diu Lei feels that there is really no need for Sun Rong to learn any swordsmanship from the Sword Master...

Just kidding. This is the number one Foundation Building on earth...

There is the passive ability of the nine-core Aohai man and sword! If you really want to unleash all your combat power, even the sword master can't beat it!

But from the beginning, what Lord Diu Lei wanted to recommend to the Juggernaut was actually not Sun Rong.

"Don't worry, Yi Lao. The person I want to recommend fully meets your expectations, Yi Lao."

Lord Diu Lei smiled and said: "And this person is younger than the two people I recommended before."

"Oh? It's a little baby?" Yi Jianchuan's eyes suddenly lit up.

He has believed from a long time ago that since he is practicing swordsmanship, the younger he should be, the better. Although teenage high school students are also very young, they are not as effective in teaching as a child who is only a few years old.

Don’t underestimate that there may only be a few years’ gap. But childhood is an important time to lay a solid foundation. As long as the foundation is solid, the path of spiritual practice in the future will definitely be smooth and skyrocketing!

The Sword Master likes children. Lord Diu Lei is naturally aware of this.

Among the top ten generals, except President Qi, they are already married and have children. Most of the others are still single. There has been a trend of adopting children...

Even if you don’t have children, you still have to create children and take care of them. In a sense, this is also the cute side of Ten Generals.

"The person I want to recommend is named Wang Muyu. Although he is young, Yi Lao can rest assured. He is absolutely reliable." At this time, Lord Diu Lei said confidently.

He is now pushing Wang Muyu out. In fact, it is also one of Wang Ling's arrangements.

Wang Muyu, the omnipotent little dragon who knows everything, is asked to practice Sword. With this little guy's talent, it is easy to catch him. So from the beginning Wang Ling, I actually didn't expect Wang Muyu to learn any Sword next to the Sword Master.

But I hope this little guy can learn more from the sword master's awe-inspiring righteousness.

The little guy is still young. He also needs such a guide on the road of life...

Sometimes what one person learns from another person does not necessarily have to be a skill. It can also be a variety of sunny spirits.





Chapter 1994 Challenge in 60


At this point, everyone has been organized clearly under the recommendation of Lord Diu Lei. No one knows that the organizer behind all this is actually Wang Ling.

After Wang Ling's multi-faceted calculations, this is already the best arrangement. Everyone can have a bright future under such a fateful intersection.

Wang Ling also discovered it. He discovered that since he went to Number 60 High School, he has become a lot more worried inexplicably...

I don’t know if it’s because of the influence of people around me.

Originally, he could be said to be the person most afraid of trouble.

Soon Lord Diu Lei took Juggernaut, Cang Long and Liu Yong away from the scene. As soon as these three people left, the overall atmosphere relaxed a lot. Li Changzhe felt like a fish that was almost drowned in deep water. Finally got some breathing space.

"Master, you are tired today. Why don't you go back to your room and rest first?" At this time, Li Changzhe stood up, turned to Luo Lan and bowed respectfully.

Luo Lan was greatly moved by this. So many people came to poach today. Li Changzhe unswervingly chose to follow him... In a sense, this also shows that Li Changzhe recognizes him!

Worthy of being his fan for many years!

This apprentice got it right!

At this time, Luo Lan already recognized Li Changzhe in her heart. Not only because of his ability, but also because of his character! He actually found such a disciple with both strength and character. He, Luo Lan, might have saved the galaxy in his previous life. Bar!

Luo Lan was filled with excitement. Her eyes turned red for a moment. She held Li Changzhe's hand and patted it. Her voice was trembling: "Good disciple... let me go back to my room first. You should also... rest early." ..."

As the last person left, Li Changzhe slumped down on the back of his chair a little weakly. He looked at the table full of fragrant and untouched meals and fell into deep thought. He had never felt so tired as he did today.

It didn't take long. Wang Ling finally came in. Li Changzhe's mood instantly improved when he saw the familiar young man: "Wang Ling Come on! Zhenjun has already bought the order. The table is full. Where are the delicacies? It would be a waste not to eat them! Come and eat some too!"

I was surrounded by several powerful people for several hours. I didn't dare to eat because it was very impolite for the elders to just eat while talking.

Li Changzhe had no choice but to sit hungry and listen to a few people talking.

Now he finally sent his seniors away. When he saw Wang Ling appear, he was in a good mood and felt hungry instantly.

...

The food on this table is not cheap. Many of it are very precious cultivation ingredients.

Wang Ling glanced at it and estimated that the food on the table would cost no less than 100,000 yuan.

In fact, he is not that interested in these delicacies in the world of cultivation. He feels that they are not as delicious as his own dry noodles. But there is a table full of them. He has bought them all. It is a kind of extravagance and waste to just leave them there.

In the spirit of saving food. Wang Ling listened to Li Changzhe's words for the rare time. He took a new pair of chopsticks and started eating.

After taking a few bites, Wang Ling suddenly realized that this seemed to be one of the few times since I was in high school that I had eaten out at night during school. And it was with a man...

"This time it is all thanks to Lord Diu Lei, the head of the Office of Strategic Deception. I didn't expect him to be so approachable."

Li Changzhe was starving. His stomach was like a bottomless pit. As he spoke, he inhaled: "By the way Wang Ling. Could this be the person you are looking for?"

Wang Ling was stunned: "..."

Li Changzhe: "I actually heard from the grapevine before that Zhuo Yi is your master."

Wang Ling: "..."

Li Changzhe spoke eloquently and expressed his analysis: "And Zhuo Yi is a member of the Office of Strategic Deception. So it is not surprising that he knows Lord Diu Lei. You see me surrounded. Isn't that right? Just ask your master to call Zhenjun over... Otherwise, as the head of the Office of Strategic Deception, how could he come to this hotel so easily."

Not to mention, this inference is actually quite accurate...

Except for the fact that Zhuo Yi is his master.

To be honest, it's a bit anti-customer. However, Wang Ling is not opposed to such speculation at all. Anyway, as long as others don't know that he is Zhuo Yi's master...

"Yeah." That's it. Wang Ling could only nod silently. It was regarded as acknowledging Li Changzhe's inference.

"As expected."

Li Changzhe wiped his mouth and smiled: "Don't worry. I will keep this matter a secret for you. Who doesn't have a master these days? But I found that your master's reputation is quite high. After all, he is in a government agency. People. And you can tell at a glance that you have a good relationship with Zhenjun. Otherwise, how could you possibly shout and Zhenjun come over like that."

"Not bad." Wang Ling replied. As always. Cherish words like gold.

But Li Changzhe doesn't mind this at all. Wang Ling talks less and talks less. But in fact, Li Changzhe seems to be a very good listener.

On the other hand, Wang Ling is actually very clear. Because Li Changzhe is so smart. Communicating with this person... is actually not that troublesome. The other party can basically guess it. So he only needs to nod yes and shake his head no. .

"I know why you came to see me today. Su Xingyue came to your Number 60 High School, right?"

As expected, Li Changzhe's next sentence went directly to the topic. He held a crab leg in his mouth and said with a smile: "I know her purpose is not that simple. She wants to seek peace for Qu Shuling. In fact... she still wants to keep it. Shengke’s quota for the Earth Center Project this time."

"As expected, you all know." Wang Ling nodded. It was rare that he said a few more words.

"That's... we, Jingba and Shengke, are old acquaintances. I don't know Su Xingyue's temper yet. But Qu Shuling has a twisted personality. He usually always behaves like this. An accident occurred in the spirit world trial field. In fact, it was an explosion after suppressing it for a long time. I thought before that something would happen to him sooner or later. It was just a matter of time."

Li Changzhe said: "Let me guess why Su Xingyue came to you. Does he want to get the reconciliation letter between me and Sister Zhang? But he is afraid that we will not agree. So he wants to talk to us through you?"

"Yeah."Wang Ling responded.

"Honestly, Sister Zhang and I can write this settlement letter. Even if it's not for Su Xingyue's face, just for your brother Wang's face, we will definitely write it. But the key to the problem now is not. Here."

After Li Changzhe finished speaking, he sighed: "I think Su Xingyue will most likely end up working in vain..."

This sigh was a helpless sigh. Of course Wang Ling knew exactly what Li Changzhe was talking about.

Because although Su Xingyue is currently trying her best to reverse the situation, with the temper of Principal Dai of Shengke, this matter will not end so easily.

Tomorrow is the day when Principal Dai from Shengke has agreed to challenge the vice principal of Number 60 High School as the acting principal. And the outcome of this battle will also directly determine whether Shengke has any follow-up opportunities.

"Now Shengke is eager to prove himself. That's why he issued such a challenge."

Li Changzhe said: "But the Wan School Alliance is definitely opposed to such a challenge. It is an unprovoked challenge to the principal. This is an act of provocation. If Shengke wins against you, it will prove its strength. But Wan School The Alliance and the Jingmi Institute will definitely still not agree to approve the quota for the Shengke Geocentric Project..."

"If we lose to you, Shengke will also be embarrassed. As for the first high school, the principal is not as strong as the vice principal... Isn't it a joke if this matter spreads..."

"So, the only possibility is a tie. In this way, there will be an explanation to the upper management. At the same time, there will be no conflict between the two schools. Everyone will only think that this is a friendly match that ends at the end."

"But the problem is that with Principal Dai's temper, he won't get into a fight with your vice principal, right? Maybe your vice principal will be beaten to death..."

"..."

Hearing this. Wang Ling couldn't help but fell silent for a moment.

yes...

With Jin Deng's strength.

Dai Tianchun might be beaten to death with a slap...

Back in the God's Domain, Jin Deng could stand up to several Dao Gods. He could be called a cosmic powerhouse.

And the True Immortal realm is just a speck of dust in front of such a cosmic powerhouse.





Chapter 1995 Zhuo Yi’s choice


The duel between principals is a big deal. It involves the reputation of the two schools. What's more, Jin Deng's staff files were obtained with the help of Zhuo Yi. Many of the resumes are the monk's real experiences of reincarnation in thousands of lives.

It looks very rich, but there is almost zero content about modern scientific cultivation education. And there are no employment records found on the Internet. Except for the teaching qualification certificate of a mathematics teacher. It is not an exaggeration to describe it as an airborne soldier.

Dai Tianchun is famous for his crazy energy. The ten generals of the Huaxiu Alliance know it all too well.

On one side is a generation of god-killing generals who have made military exploits but have been immersed in them for a while. They think they have become mature.

On the other side is a poor vice-principal who lacks experience in modern scientific cultivation teaching. He has taken the position of vice-principal of Number 60 High School based on his own level of ability and has yet to secure a solid foundation.

As a superior department, the first reaction is of course to mediate the conflict between the two.

Jinghua City Ten Thousand Schools Alliance Headquarters.

Zhuo Yi knocked on the office door.

"Come on, Xiao Zhuozi. Come in. I can smell your spiritual power from afar."

In front of the desk, Sun Dakang has been waiting for a long time. He crossed his fingers and held his chin, waiting for Zhuo Yi to report the mediation results.

The preliminary mediation is the responsibility of Zhuo Yi.

This is an order from a superior. He must not disobey it.

But in fact, Zhuo Yi in his heart wished that Dai Tianchun would call him quickly...

Zhuo Yi bowed respectfully and replied: "I'm sorry. Leader, it's Xiaozhuo who is incompetent. When I was in Songhai City, I had already communicated with Principal Dai in advance through the Telecommunication Union. Principal Dai was very impatient. He hung up on me and said I was not qualified to talk to him."

"Ha. After so many years, his character has not changed at all." This was an expected result. Sun Dakang was already used to this.

"When I came to Beijing this time, I also visited Shengke. Shengke has been under martial law and no one is allowed to enter. Even if I show my identity as the director of the Songhai City Hundred Schools General Administration."

Sun Dakang raised his eyebrows and said, "Have you contacted the local General Administration of Hundreds of Schools? I remember that you have always had a good relationship with Jinghua's Zhiliang."

"Of course I also contacted Director Xu Zhiliang to accompany me. As a result, we were both turned away."

Zhuo Yi dumbfounded: "I think Principal Dai should have already been making preparations for the war..."

"That's what he would do."

Sun Dakang sighed: "I already knew this would be the result. I can't blame you for this. Xiao Zhuo. I originally felt that the initial pressure plan given by Huaxiu Alliance was not enough. Although you have become famous in recent years. But it's still hard to persuade someone like Dai Tianchun, who's a veteran..."

"Xiao Zhuo doesn't understand. Then why send me?"

"This is Huaxiu Alliance trying my attitude." Sun Dakang said meaningfully.

Zhuo Yi is not a fool. The sensitivity in these words was understood almost immediately.

What kind of person is Dai Tianchun... He was a top master who came from the founding period of the Huaxiu Nation. Speaking of which, he is also a senior and powerful person with extremely senior qualifications.

Logically speaking, he is certainly not qualified to intervene in this big boss's affairs.

But the Huaxiu Alliance insisted on sending him there. As Sun Dakang said, this was the rest of the Huaxiu Alliance testing what attitude he, the leader of the Ten Thousand Schools Alliance, had towards Zhuo Yi.

Now, Sun Dakang's attitude can be said to have been made clear.

And an important signal was released to Zhuo Yi on the spot. That is that he Zhuo Yi is likely to be the successor of the new leader of the Ten Thousand Schools Alliance in the future.

As the leader of the New Ten Thousand Schools Alliance, you will have to come into contact with those powerful men of the older generation sooner or later. Therefore, I sent Zhuo Yi to meet them. It can be regarded as a kind of advance training.

"Junior...how can you be so virtuous..."

After understanding all this, Zhuo Yi lowered his head in flattery. His hands were clasped together while writing. It was faintly visible that his hands were trembling.

It's a mix of emotions. Excitement dominates. Then disbelief, joy, confusion...

"Xiao Zhuo, your superior performance over the years is obvious to all of us.

You are a smart person. If there are too many words, I won't say anything. I will definitely support you fully." Sun Dakang said. He stood up and patted Zhuo Yi on the shoulder: "But you know, it is a big deal to elect the leader of the Ten Thousand Schools Alliance. Although the assessment has started several years ago, the final list. Every name on it must be voted on in the Huaxiu Alliance."

"In each round of voting, only those with more than two-thirds of the votes are allowed to enter the next round. Until the last person's name is decided..."

"I know."Zhuo Yi nodded.

This is the ironclad order within the Huaxiu Alliance. And those who compete with him are equally excellent. Although Zhuo Yi's performance in recent years has indeed been good, it has not been recognized by all the ten generals.

The remaining ten will choose the person they like, but will not necessarily give their votes to him.

So when you vote on that day, it will be a real life and death decision. It is not an exaggeration to call it hell.

"Xiao Zhuo, you know my attitude towards you. But in life, no one can be perfect and satisfy everyone." At this time, Sun Dakang looked at Zhuo Yi. His words flickered. He stopped talking.

Zhuo Yi noticed it quickly. He immediately bowed again: "It's okay to say it, leader. If you have anything to say, you might as well say it directly."

"In the final voting session, in fact, more or less in order to canvass votes, they will expose each other's dirty information. Then Xiaozhuo, let me ask you, do you know where your problem is..."

"Could it be related to my family background? My family background is pretty good..."

A drop of cold sweat instantly ran down Zhuo Yi's cheek: "But if the superiors are worried, they can check me. Our Zhuo family. Every penny that my parents earn is from business transactions. They have never done anything illegal. Things that violate discipline. Every penny spent is clean and innocent. There are no records of old people. Our Zhuo family is also a pioneer enterprise in disaster relief every year. We take the lead in donating money."

"Don't get excited, Xiao Zhuo. I didn't talk about your family's problems. Although the Zhuo family's company is not as big as the Huaguo Shui Lian Group, it is also a pioneer in the electric energy Spirit Bus industry. We have also been philanthropic over the years. You can see it all. I was asking about something else..."

"Something else?" Zhuo Yi was stunned. He quickly thought of the magical Uncle Black... Although since becoming familiar with his master Wang Ling, the relationship with this magical Uncle Black Contact has also become less frequent.

But during the holidays, he still didn't forget to buy gifts for Uncle Hei and send them to him.

Come to think of it, the identity of this black uncle is also very mysterious. Could it be that he is really a lawbreaker...

"Hey, Xiao Zhuo, don't make blind guesses. I'll just tell you the truth. In fact, your problem is only one... and that's also the place where you are most likely to be attacked at the moment."

At this time, Sun Dakang looked at him and said seriously: "Let me ask you, are you in love with Jiugong Liangzi, the eldest daughter of the Jiugong family?"





Chapter 1996: Help 9th Palace Liangzi to make great contributions


Zhuo Yi never expected that Jiugong Liangzi would become an obstacle on his career path. He knew very well that this was probably the time when the upper management of Huaxiu Alliance asked him to make a choice.

He was silent. He didn't know where to start talking about this matter. Sun Dakang just sighed silently when he saw this. He patted Zhuo Yi on the shoulder and motioned Zhuo Yi to follow him.

Then the two of them went directly to the top floor of the Alliance of Ten Thousand Schools building through the teleportation circle inside the office. This is the observatory on the top floor. It can overlook the entire Jinghua City building. It is also an important base for monitoring the fluctuations of the gate to other worlds in the past years. .

On weekdays, this place is closed. Only Sun Dakang comes up from time to time to smoke a cigarette.

"Want a cigarette?" He took out a pack of cigarettes from his pocket and looked at Zhuo Yi and asked.

"Thank you for your kindness, leader. But I... don't smoke."

"This is no longer within the alliance. You can call me teacher. Xiao Zhuozi." Sun Dakang lit the cigarette and slowly blew out the smoke ring.

"Yes. Teacher..."Zhuo Yi was respectful and did not dare to slack off at all.

"Tell me the truth. You should know Jiugong Liangzi's true age, right?" Sun Dakang asked.

"Liangzi... is an adult. Although she is still in high school. I have asked her. Because the training for the family heir was delayed for two years..."

"So. You know a lot about her?"

"Yes, teacher."

Zhuo Yi nodded. Then he said: "She came to Huaxiu to be an exchange student at Number 60 High School. In fact, she came here for me."

"Back then, the Jiugong family originally wanted to enter the Huaxiu market. They predicted the movements of the Demon King Tuntian Ha in advance. They wanted to take down Tuntian Ha first to strengthen the Jiugong family's momentum in the Huaxiu country. But they didn't expect that I would beat them first. Take a step forward."

"Then the Jiugong family began to doubt whether I had the strength to defeat Tuntian Ha, the Demon King back then..."

"So. They sent Jiugong Liangzi to investigate you."

Sun Dakang curled his lips and nodded: "When you say that, I completely understand. It seems that you have conquered her with your strength. Otherwise, she would not be able to fall in love with an enemy like you."

"This is the kind of teacher..."

"This is an emotional story that sounds touching. And I know you, Xiao Zhuo, are not lying because the logic behind the story is completely reasonable."

Sun Dakang leaned on the bleachers, smoking a cigarette, and said with his back to Zhuo Yi: "But you have to know that Xiao Zhuo, the teacher believes in you. It does not mean that other people will believe in you... This path is the classics. There is nothing wrong with it. As long as there is one stain, it will be irreversible."

"Teacher, students know that the background of Jiugong's family is very complicated. Because the capital chain was missing at that time, Jiugong Liangzi's father married a sixth wife. She is the famous Zhai Xing Group on Sun Island."

Zhuo Yi frowned. He cupped his fists and said, "But teacher. Now the head of the Jiugong family has found out. The sixth lady also entered the Jiugong family with impure purposes."

"The current Jiugong family has also entered into business cooperation with the Huaguo Shui Lian Group. With funds guaranteed, the current Jiugong family has completely severed ties with the Zhai Xing Group."

"Their annual charity event..."

"There is no need to say any more, Xiao Zhuo. Of course the teacher knows that you are anxious. But in this matter, you must make a decision."

"Is there no other way? Teacher..." Zhuo Yi gritted his teeth and lowered his head.

He loves the career he is currently engaged in. He has established his belief in this aspect since he was a child. Influenced by his family education, he has never been confused or hesitant.

However, at this moment, he felt a kind of difficulty.

Even a little sad.

Zhuo Yi Of course, he has never doubted his feelings for Jiugong Liangzi. He has never felt that kind of love at first sight in his life.

However, at this moment, Zhuo Yi discovered that his feelings for Jiugong Liangzi were even deeper than he imagined.

Even his faith, which had never been shaken, began to hesitate and hesitate for a moment.

"There is no way. It's not impossible."

At this moment, Sun Dakang sighed and said, "But it's very difficult."

"Teacher, please tell the students!" Zhuo Yi bowed. After saying this, he was about to kneel down. But he was suddenly helped up by Sun Dakang: "Xiao Zhuo, what are you doing...Get up quickly."

This is really emotional. Sun Dakang can also see it. Romance between young people is sometimes like a spark. It suddenly goes off and no one can prevent it.

After so many years, he has also watched Zhuo Yi grow up and grow up.

The dilemma between career and love also moved Sun Dakang.

"The only way now is to make Miss Jiugong Liangzi one of our own." Sun Dakang revealed the secret.

"One of our own? The teacher means..."

"That's right. Just get the nationality of a legal cultivation resident of our country of Huaxiu."

Sun Dakang said: "But you have to know Xiaozhuo. How difficult it is for a cultivator from another cultivating country to obtain the nationality of our country, Huaxiu."

"First of all, our country of Huaxiu has never recognized dual nationality since its founding. Foreign cultivators must enter our country of Huaxiu and obtain the nationality of Huaxiu... unless they make major and outstanding contributions to our country. Only in this way can they obtain the nationality. to identity."

"This is not a problem that can be solved by just donating money from your family. Do you understand? Xiao Zhuo..."

Sun Dakang said: "Of course. If Jiugong Liangzi really marries you, as long as she meets a certain number of years, she can also choose to withdraw her original Xiuzhen country nationality and get her own country's ID card. But get it this way. If it does, it will take a long time, and the gold content is very low."

"I understand, teacher..." Zhuo Yi slightly lowered his eyes. He already fully understood the meaning of these words.

Under normal circumstances, it is simply nonsense to help a person achieve outstanding contributions in a short period of time.

But now. Zhuo Yi has no other choice...

These days, since the last time Er Ha visited the demon world, even the demon world has begun to behave... This is an era where there are no monsters to fight. Although I don't know if there will be new conflicts between the human world and the demon world in the future. At least under the control of the second-generation Demon Saint and Shen Wuyue, there will be a long honeymoon period between humans and the demon world during this period.

So. Is there any other way that Liangzi can make meritorious deeds?

Zhuo Yi even had a crazy idea flashing through his mind...

He remembered that Bai Zhe was cultivating dragon descendants, and those dragon descendants themselves were a major threat to the earth.

How about letting Jiugong Liangzi kill those dragonborn?

No matter what, let Liangzi take down that saint?

That's not right. The Saint Tribe has already obediently handed over another Cosmic Embryo to Master. It can be regarded as fulfilling the previous truce promise. If they just fight like this, it seems a bit unkind.

To be honest. Zhuo Yi's mind is a little messy.

Fortunately, he can still ask for Wang Ling.

Maybe my own master might have some ideas...





Chapter 1997 The Distant Temple


Latest website: As an excellent scapegoat. Zhuo Yi has never worried about how to make meritorious deeds.

Because there are many such opportunities, and they will be sent directly to him from time to time. But the problem is how to transfer this credit to Jiugong Liangzi. This is a big problem.

The difficulty of handling this matter is not that high. After all, the whole matter must be in line with the interests of China. It must make a major and outstanding contribution.

Zhuo Yi I really don’t know where to start. I don’t even dare to tell Jiugong Liangzi directly about this matter.

She is too strong. It is precisely because he knows her personality so well that once Jiugong Liangzi finds out about this matter, he may not be so willing to cooperate.

Saturday, January 18th.

After chatting with Sun Dakang, on the day Zhuo Yi returned to Songhai City, Jiugong Liangzi personally picked up Zhuo Yi at the airport.

The stretch limousine with Jiugong's purple crow logo and Jiugong's imprint was parked at the entrance of the airport, attracting many people's attention.

But in fact it was just a cover-up specially arranged by Jiugong Liangzi. Jiugong Liangzi has become extremely cautious since he got together with Zhuo Yi.

I saw the onlookers taking pictures of the stretch luxury car. Jiugong Liangzi was wearing a down jacket and a hat and a mask. The moment he saw Zhuo Yi, he held his arms and dragged Zhuo Yi away. .

The two of them were silent all the way until they got into a black car that looked unusually low-key.

"Hey. I told you not to pick me up. It's too much trouble for you." Zhuo Yi smiled. He couldn't help but reached out and pinched Jiugong Liangzi's earlobe.

"What's this?" Jiugong Liangzi blushed and buried his face in his scarf.

Zhuo Yi was responsible for driving. Just after stepping on the accelerator, Jiugong Liangzi suddenly asked in a low voice: "Went over this time. Did the negotiation go well?"

"Smooth."Zhuo Yi replied readily.

"real?"

"real..."

"Wrong."

Jiugong Liangzi immediately frowned.

Her sixth sense told her that Zhuo Yi was hiding something from herself.

"What's wrong?" Zhuo Yi forced a smile and said: "Hey, it's okay. It's just Principal Dai's matter. It's a bit troublesome. Although the Ten Thousand Schools Alliance is still trying to mediate, I think there will be a fight tomorrow. It's unavoidable."

As he spoke, he was still looking at Jiugong Liangzi with his peripheral vision. He was afraid that the girl would see through his little thoughts.

It can only be said that women's intuition is really terrible... Even Zhuo Yi didn't expect Jiugong Liangzi to be so sensitive.

"Just hit him."

Jiugong Liangzi soon replied.

It seems that she has no doubts for the time being. Zhuo Yi: "You men are just not good enough. You are so panicked about such a trivial matter. When you defeated Tuntian Ha back then, you weren't that panicked, were you? What if Dai Tianchun was like that?" If you want to fight, just let senior Jin Deng fight him... Anyway, you have offended the abbot. Still want to leave?"

"Pfft."Zhuo Yi couldn't help but laugh out loud: "I noticed that Liangzi you seem to have become humorous. Let's do this. I'll reward you. What do you want to eat? I'll take you there. Or... I can Made now."

Jiugong Liangzi: "..."

Zhuo Yi: "What's wrong?"

Jiugong Liangzi: "It's nothing. I just always feel that something is wrong. Are you really worried about that Dai Tianchun thing?"

"Hey, men have to worry about something. Do you really want to hear it?"

Zhuo Yi finished speaking. The familiar laughter sounded in the car again: "That's right. I was wondering when we will get married."

"Who...who wants to marry you! You're shameless!" Jiugong Liangzi snorted and turned his face to look directly out of the car window.

Originally, this was Zhuo Yi's special move prepared to change the subject. But he never expected that Jiugong Liangzi would react like this...

Good guy. With Liangzi’s character, isn’t this the same as personally agreeing to the marriage?

So at that moment, even Zhuo Yi's face turned red. It burned directly to the base of his ears...

...

Infinite Galaxy. Holy Clan Temple.

A humanoid creature with a face shaped like a golden swirl and wearing a white robe walked on the red carpet leading to the center of the temple.

It held the scepter. It came to the front of the throne respectfully. It bowed respectfully to the man with long golden hair on the throne: "His Royal Highness the Great and Eternal Holy King... I heard that you want to cooperate with that Bai Zhe. ?"

"That's true." The man on the king's chair said.

He was dressed entirely in golden phoenix armor. The fiery red magma cloak on his back exuded an astonishing temperature.

It is an eternal cloak formed by refining several stars and condensing it. It always emits scorching light and heat. It can wrap up and swallow all planets.

"The old minister has something to say. Please listen carefully to His Highness the Holy King...Bai Zhe. Although he has inherited the Moonlight Dragon Taoism of the Dragon Clan, his origin is unknown. His Royal Highness the Holy King has to be careful..."

"As long as there is strength, alliance cooperation is not a bad idea. Is the Holy Lord doubting my king's strategy?" the Holy King pondered.

"I don't dare." The humanoid creature instantly knelt down on the ground and kowtowed: "It's just that when the Cosmic Embryo was still in the hands of my holy clan, I saw the origin of this person... He was also originally an Earthling. How can such a soul with a despicable bloodline have the qualifications to cooperate with our holy race? This person has been defeated repeatedly at the hands of the young man on earth. In the opinion of the veteran, this was done on purpose..."

"You said... on purpose?"

"That's right." The Holy Lord of the Holy Tribe nodded: "He was defeated many times, but he recovered even more powerfully than before. In this way, he constantly challenged the boy from Earth. In fact, the boy from Earth gained something in every battle. Extraordinary growth. This is giving away experience and life to that boy from Earth in vain. We should strongly condemn it! Cooperate with caution!"

These words caused the Holy King to fall into a brief silence.

A moment later, his rich voice sounded in the hall again: "But the Cosmic Embryo of my Saint Clan has already fallen into the hands of that young man. If we want to snatch the pregnancy back, with the current strength of our Saint Clan, it may be difficult to do so. arrive."

Hearing this, the Holy Lord suddenly laughed: "No matter how strong that boy from Earth is, he still doesn't know the horror of our Holy Clan. He doesn't even know that when the old minister handed over the Cosmic Embryo to him, he also left a mystery... "

"There are countless beings in the universe who want to get the Cosmic Embryo. The Cosmic Embryo in the hands of that boy at the moment is like a transmitter. It will gather the strong men from all over the universe to compete for it."

"The old minister deliberately handed Cosmic Embryo to him. It was because he was not aware of it."

"Furthermore, only one Cosmic Embryo cannot exert its power. Only by collecting two Cosmic Embryo and knowing the secret of Cosmic Embryo can the true role of the embryo be brought into play. The other Cosmic Embryo. Our Saints have been looking for it for a long time. Didn't find it. The old minister didn't believe he could get two..."

...

At this time, I am studying Cosmic Embryo’s Wang Ling in the bedroom.

I just happened to see and hear this conversation from the Holy Clan Temple in the distant infinite galaxy...





Chapter 1998: Really inserted an eye


Latest URL: Wang Ling knows that screen snooping is actually very bad. Normally, he tries his best to avoid screen snooping. But sometimes, he just happens to catch it. Even he himself has no way to do it.

He has had the two Cosmic Embryo in his hands for a while. But after all, they are products of the old days. Wang Ling So far, apart from using these things as galactic-level telescopes, they have not found any other use.

These two things are actually quite dangerous. The cosmic energy contained in them is huge. Not only spiritual energy, but also mixed with other kinds of energy. All mixed together.

Fortunately, both Cosmic Embryo are now in the hands of Wang Ling. If the fetus is allowed to be in the hands of those evil people in the universe, who knows whether they will use the power of these things to launch an invasion of the earth?

"Can it be destroyed?" At this time, Er Ha lay on the ground and yawned lazily.

It raises a very soulful question.

"I have thought about it."

Wang Ling touched his chin. He replied in a calm voice.

These two things were extraordinary. Anyway, he didn't know what their specific functions were. Wang Ling thought it would be more convenient to destroy them directly.

However, once the energy of these two things detonates, the scope of the impact will be large. This is infinitely more terrifying than a nuclear bomb... The power of the explosion is not even on the same level.

Destroying two pieces of Cosmic Embryo. Wang Ling has the ability to do so. But it would be a bit bad if it destroyed these two things and affected other races in the universe.

Plus Wang Ling actually has an intuition.

He feels that this can play a key role in Cosmic Embryo.

"This thing stays with you. It's safe and dangerous." Er Ha couldn't help but sigh. Wang Ling certainly has the ability to protect this Cosmic Embryo from foreign enemies.

But the problem is that the Little Master Ling is also a bomb... and if it explodes, its power may not be lower than the explosion power of the Cosmic Embryo.

If this fails, it will definitely not be a problem of the earth disappearing.

Three bombs come together. Good guy...a universe will be directly blown up. It may also affect other parallel universes.

"That's not the point."

Wang Ying's voice came. He gradually condensed into an entity from a group of shadows. He appeared directly on the back of Wang Ling like a stand-in. At the same time, his voice was still cold: "Didn't the saint say that. These two This thing is now a transmitter. Keep it in our hands. Although it can ensure its safety, it will also attract the attention of other races in the universe."

"..."

Er Ha was immediately silenced by these words.

I think back then, how confident the demon saint of the demon clan was. But he was still submissive after being punished by Wang Ling.

It feels that these cosmic races are still too young. It doesn’t know how terrifying this blue planet is...

Although Wang Ling still doesn’t know how those cosmic races can sense the signal from this pair of Cosmic Embryo.

But as the saints said, the current Cosmic Embryo is equivalent to a transmitter that constantly attracts firepower. It is safe to keep it in your own hands, but it will also cause a series of problems.

"There is a way."

After sitting cross-legged on the ground for a moment, Wang Ling suddenly had an idea.

He concentrated the spiritual power in his palm and slammed it towards the ground. The spiritual spell engraved in the center of his palm instantly spread from the ground to the surroundings like a spider web.

Along with the golden light rising at the same time, the familiar glass cabinet was summoned to Wang Ling.

Yes. This is a display cabinet unique to Wang Ling.

Previously, in order to decipher the mysterious text from eternity, Wang Ling had also been summoned.

There are a total of forty-nine pairs of gods in the display cabinet. They are variables of the Tao. Each pair of gods has completely different abilities.

Last time Wang Ling chose "Pupil Number 01: The Cunning Peeping Demonic Eye" in order to decipher the mysterious text. This time he chose "Eye Number 03: The True Spiritual Eye of Reproduction." Appearance Appearing silvery white. The pupils are crescent-shaped. It has strong copying ability. It can achieve the effect of making fakes look like real ones."

While Wang Ling selected this pair of gods, Wang Ying explained Er Ha at the same time.

In an instant, Er Ha knew what Wang Ling wanted to do: "I understand. It turns out that you want to reproduce the divergent signals of the Cosmic Embryo... to give those cosmic races an illusion?"

"You only half-guessed it."

Wang Ying crossed his arms and immediately answered: "In fact, Cosmic Embryo is included in the Lord's King's Eyes. And King's Eyes forms its own universe. In this way, Cosmic Embryo's signal is in an isolated state. Now Let the master reproduce the divergent signal of Cosmic Embryo. The main purpose is to send the pair of Number 03 to the Saints."

"Hahaha. That's it." Hearing this, Er Ha couldn't hold it back and burst out laughing immediately.

This is the way of giving to the other side. Give it back to the other side.

The saints in the temple over there also hope that because of the Cosmic Embryo on the earth, other alien races will come looking for it and invade the earth. This will make the Wang Ling side have no time to take care of themselves and weaken the overall strength.

However, they did not expect that Wang Ling would hear all their plans.

Not only that. Wang Ling even directly reproduced the divergent signal of Cosmic Embryo. It redirected the attention of the entire universe to the hands of this saint.

"go..."

After completing all the arrangements, Wang Ling raised his sword fingers and used gravity to open the window. The engraved eye pupil Number 03 turned into two golden light spots and quickly flew out. Shrunk to an inch, flying towards the holy clansman's temple at extremely high speed.

Wang Ling calculated the time.

From the earth to the holy temple of the infinite galaxy. It can be reached in about ten minutes of earth time at the flight speed of Number 03.

"I really look forward to what kind of confused expression this Saint clan member will show in the future." Er Ha squatted on the ground and looked out the window. It thought it had long been familiar with the strength of its little master. But today Wang LingIt can still bring all kinds of outrageous freshness to it.

This is directly inserting an eye into the head of the Saint people...

And this eye, even if the saints use a scanner, they can't eliminate it!

Er Ha can completely imagine what surprises the Saints will receive next.

This kind of surprise is like walking on the road in the middle of the night and finding someone following you all the way.

Out of fear. Your pace starts to quicken.

However, his pace also quickened.

Finally. The person following you did nothing.

I just shouted into your ear: "EDG won the championship. EDG is awesome..."

"..."

He shook his dog's head and interrupted his meaningless thoughts. Er Ha quickly turned his gaze to Wang Ling: "I heard that Zhuo Yi over there is still thinking of ways to help Jiugong Liangzi. I thought you would send Saint Leave this clan matter to him."

Resisting the invasion of powerful aliens. This is essentially an outstanding contribution. And it is not just for the country of Huaxiu... it is beneficial to all human cultivators. Just to improve the structure. The upper level It will no longer be difficult for Jiugong Liangzi to follow up.

"The situation is different. This Saint clan member is too strong. The Lord is worried that all the blame will be given to Zhuo Yi and Jiugong Liangzi. They can't deal with them."

Wang Ying snapped her fingers and said: "However, there are other ways. For example, let Jiugong participate in this geocentric project together. She is still an exchange student at Number 60 High School, and her student status is still at Number 60 High School for the time being. Over here."

"..."





Chapter 1999 The new dean


Latest website: Sunday, January 19th. Number 60 High School was not quiet on that day. This was because it was the date appointed by Principal Dai Tianchun of Shengke High School.

For this reason, Monk Jin Deng had already made preparations and came to school early in the morning.

Of course, except for Monk Jin Deng, there were also many teachers gathered at Number 60 High School on this day. Most of them did not come to join in the fun intentionally. Instead, they gathered to discuss the preparation for the next week's lessons.

Since the implementation of the double reduction policy, the pressure on students seems to have decreased but not at all... The pressure on teachers has increased day by day.

Because it is necessary to reduce the burden of homework at home, most teaching tasks can only be completed in school through reasonable lesson preparation and time arrangements.

The reason why we chose to gather at school on Sunday was mainly because the teachers wanted a good discussion atmosphere, just like studying together in the library of Xiuzhen University.

"Thunder Sword Technique has been taught in the Spirit Sword Class. However, the students who have reached proficiency can be counted on their fingers. This semester, all those who have reached the mid-term level of Foundation Building must reach proficiency in the use of Thunder Sword Technique. .So I hope that next week's physical arts class can give way to the spiritual sword class."

"I understand that the teachers in the spiritual sword class are under pressure. But it is also important to learn mathematics well. If you are not good at mathematics, you will not be able to accurately estimate the spiritual energy consumption between the enemy and ourselves during battle. Even when throwing spells. Because you haven't learned the parabola well, your accuracy will be reduced. I'll give it to the physical arts class next week."

"Mathematics is important, but practice makes perfect. As long as you practice more, it will come naturally. I think it's better to leave it to our ancient language class. Some advanced Talisman formulas are combined with ancient Xiuzhen language. . The physical arts class should also be given to us, the most difficult subject."

"Teachers...please don't ignore us, okay?"

The teachers of the physical education group, represented by Teacher Ye, had a look of helplessness on their faces: "This...how can this be done? I've been doing it for several periods. You said the same thing to me last time. Yes. I’m a physical education teacher who teaches physical skills. I can’t always do well in every class. Now there are rumors on campus that I have kidney deficiency!”

"Then what can be done? The scores in various cultural classes need to be improved. Now we no longer allow all written assignments to be taken home. We can only keep some simple ones. But with that kind of intensity, students who are unconscious will not be able to remember them at all. "

A teacher sighed and felt very sad at the same time: "I believe that all teachers have also received private messages and chat records from some parents... asking us to help their children with voluntary make-up lessons."

"Yes, yes, yes. I received it too! I'm as good as a horse in class and after school. I even left various answers to overtime work after school. Where do you have all the time?"

"Don't make any noise, everyone..."

At this time, Teacher Pan's words immediately caused the teachers present to fall into silence.

She cleared her throat, pushed up her gold-rimmed glasses and said, "Actually, I can understand everyone's feelings. We are all here for the students."

"Which teacher doesn't treat his students as his own children? Even those whose grades are not up to par. When their grades are not good, we feel uncomfortable, right?"

"As teachers at Number 60 High School, we still need to be united as one. We cannot fight among ourselves."

"Teacher Pan's words are good. But this class only lasts so long... We are all in a dilemma." A teacher in the alchemy class said.

"I think there will be a solution soon."

Teacher Pan said: "You must have heard about it. Today is not only the appointment day between Principal Dai from Shengke and Huo Ding, the vice principal of Number 60 High School, but we will also have one from Number 60 High School. The new dean."

"Dean of Education? Shouldn't this be Teacher Wang Zukang's position?"

"The dean is more than 10 minutes old. Teacher Wang is from the Academic Affairs Department. And this new dean is from the Coordination Department. His position and rank are equivalent to Teacher Wang. I heard that Principal Chen also specially recruited the new dean in order to cope with the double reduction. Teacher, the purpose of coming to our Number 60 High School is to help us arrange our class time reasonably," Teacher Pan said.

"That's good." Teacher Ye immediately grinned and said, "If there is someone who can make the decision, then I think everyone has no opinion?"

Teacher of the Spirit Sword Team: "Hey. Can you apply to this new teaching director of the Coordination Department to take up the physical arts class?"

Teacher of the alchemy group: "What a great idea! This will increase our class time!"

Teacher of the Talisman group: "Isn't it a bit rude to occupy it? I think we can just cancel it."

Teacher of the weapon refining group: "Wonderful, wonderful. I think that's it!"

Hearing this, Teacher Ye almost knelt down: "Dear teachers... our physical arts team has always had no enmity with all the teachers. Why are you trying to steal our jobs?"

...

Number 60 High School. Office of the Vice Principal.

Since Jin Deng was qualified for the position of vice principal, he has devoted himself to the teaching work of Number 60 High School. The reason why he came early today was not entirely for this appointment. It was more for the new student. The newly appointed dean is here.

From the moment when the hour and second hands of the wall clock accurately overlapped and pointed to eight o'clock, a girl wearing a Taoist uniform and holding a pink floating dust stepped in on time with a warm smile on her face: "Hello, Vice Principal Huo. I My name is You Yueqing. She was invited by Principal Chen to apply for the position of dean of the department."

Jin Deng stood up quickly. His eyes were calm, and he shook hands with the girl who still had a childish look on her face: "Thank you for your hard work, Teacher You, who came from afar. But I didn't expect that Teacher You would be so young. You look like, these students are incompetent." Different."

"A cultivator shouldn't judge his conduct by his appearance. Shouldn't he?"

You Yueqing showed her signature smile. Then she looked at Jin Deng: "Excuse me, should I call you Vice Principal Huo. Or...Senior Jin Deng?"

Hearing this, Jin Deng's eyes suddenly lit up.

Even Principal Chen didn't know his true identity. He didn't expect that he would be discovered by the new dean.

All I can say is that this new teacher You does have something.

The monk is also a person who is used to seeing big scenes. He should not be frightened by You Yueqing's words.

On the contrary, he was extremely calm. While making tea for You Yueqing, he asked: "Then, is Taoist You's visit this time also for Ling Zhenren?"

In one sentence, the purpose of You Yueqing joining Number 60 High School is clearly exposed.

The monk knows very well that this little female Taoist priest knows his identity. She must have specially investigated it or used some divination method to calculate it.

Given the monk's current state, it's still clear whether he has been counted against or not.

So the monk immediately retaliated with tooth and gave You Yueqing a calculation. And he didn't use any props. He knew You Yueqing's identity just by calculating with his fingers.

As for the purpose, it's hard to say...

The monk only counts Tao. You Yueqing knows Wang Ling.

"Buddhism and Taoism are one family. Senior, you don't need to be so wary of me. Don't worry. Wang Ling and I have known each other for a long time. I have no intention of exposing his secrets. I came here for other purposes. ." You Yueqing laughed and replied calmly.

The monk raised his eyebrows. He was slightly different from You Yueqing's calm attitude.

Although this little girl is not very old, her old-fashioned tone is a bit like a battle between experts...





Chapter 2000: You offended the abbot and still want to leave?


Latest website: It can only be said that You Yueqing's origin is indeed extraordinary. The monk only made a rough calculation and although he could deduce her identity, he could not deduce her fate.

There is a hazy feeling...

The last time the monk saw this happened, it was with Wang Ling.

In terms of strength, You Yueqing is definitely not as evil as Wang Ling. But she is not weak either.

Moreover, he still hides his strength.

However, it seems that it is not a bad idea to use a swastika to break through it. Although You Yueqing is mysterious, she is not like Wang Ling who can backfire against him.

But out of politeness, the monk suppressed his curiosity and did not take action directly.

This was the female donor whom he had just met. The monk felt that there was no need to make the relationship so stiff at the beginning.

Therefore, the monk kept his face calm, but in fact, his heart was slightly disturbed.

This girl is extraordinary. She is also very familiar with Wang Ling. She may play a key role in the future...

"Principal Dai's strength is not weak. I think a tie between Senior and Principal Dai this time may be the best way to stabilize the situation." At this time, You Yueqing said while sipping tea.

"Of course the poor monk knows. But... the poor monk has the idea of a poor monk." The monk stopped pretending. He had actually been holding it in for a long time in school. He had to be careful not to use the word "poor monk" at all times. He blurted it out so as not to expose himself. At this moment, You Yueqing's appearance actually made him feel more at ease.

"Senior, you won't really want to be cruel, right?"

Perhaps it was because the movies and TV dramas she watched as a child were too classic. Every time You Yueqing came into contact with these holy monks, the classic line "The drunk abbot wants to leave" would always come to mind involuntarily.

Even when she met the monks in reality, You Yueqing once felt very petty.

"He's coming..."

At this moment, a gust of wind swept through the window of the vice-principal's office.

The sky above Number 60 High School. Stormy clouds are rolling in at this moment.

In the distance, a large black cloud turned into a shading palm and divided the sky into two halves. It headed towards Number 60 High School.

The surrounding streets have all been under martial law for a long time. Because Dai Tianchun insisted on attending the principal's appointment, the local Xiuzhen Police Station had already evacuated the people in advance under the notice from Zhuo Yi.

In the eyes of ordinary cultivators, I have never seen a powerful person of the Itinerant Immortal level fight, let alone a battle of this level between the principals of the two schools...

Many people have heard of Dai Tianchun's power. This was the battlefield killing god who was very popular back then! Now he has taken over Shengke and started scientific research. With the assistance of scientific cultivation, he is probably even stronger than before. There are even more thrilling improvements!

When this astonishing spiritual pressure came from outside the door of 60 High School, You Yueqing tightly grasped the handle of the chair.

This kind of tension was suffocating. It made You Yueqing feel like she had been put on a jumping machine at an amusement park without wearing a seat belt. Her whole nerves were tense in an instant.

The fact is that it's not just You Yueqing. The other teachers in the school also feel the same way. Everyone's expressions are not calm.

When they looked at the school gate again, this sudden drop in terrifying spiritual pressure had even caused the teachers to hallucinate.

Right at the gate of Number 60 High School. At this moment, there seemed to be countless torrents of blood rushing. It directly broke through the gate of Number 60 High School and poured into the campus...

This scene is very similar to the classic special effects scene in the movie "The Shining". It makes everyone enveloped in a terrifying murderous aura.

At this time, a spiritual light burst out from the monk's palm, directly covering the entire Number 60 High School campus.

The holy golden light of Buddhism erupted directly above Number 60 High School. It was a scene of a charity ferry. The endless golden Buddha light fell from the sky above the clouds. It instantly blocked the murderous aura and eliminated it invisible.

"Senior..."

You Yueqing was a little frightened. Although she knew that the monk was very strong, she did not expect that the monk was stronger than she had imagined.

"Don't move here. The poor monk comes as he goes."

The monk left these words to You Yueqing.

Just as he was about to jump out from the window of the vice-principal's office, a familiar voice sounded in the monk's mind.

That's a remote request from Wang Ling.

The monk had actually known for a long time that Wang Ling would definitely give instructions. He just kept waiting.

Now that he has received the order, he feels a lot more at peace.

He quickly made a Buddha salute to the sky: "Amitabha. Ling Zhenren's instructions. The poor monk is already aware of this matter. The poor monk will definitely handle it cleanly. It will not bring shame to Number 60 High School."

After saying this, the monk opened the window and transformed into a ray of Buddha light and jumped down.

At this moment, the air condenses. Everything around seems to have stopped.

Even the fallen leaves that were rolled up crazily and blown by the wind were frozen in the air. Only monk Jin Deng and Dai Tianchun were left looking at each other across the gate of Number 60 High School.

Inherent spiritual realm?

Wrong...

Dai Tianchun frowned slightly. The nearby scene did not change. It was just frozen.

This means that it is not that he was involved in the inherent spiritual realm by the other party.

"You are already in the spiritual world of the poor monk."

The monk spoke. The sound of the great avenue was ethereal and descended directly from the sky. Immediately, Dai Tianchun was so shocked that he took three steps back.

At this point, Dai Tianchun was horrified. There was a look of disbelief on his face. It was hard to believe that the vice-principal of Number 60 High School was actually a master of Buddhism!

It turned out to be a monk...

Although Dai Tianchun had already thought that the unknown vice-principal of Number 60 High School must be a good person.

But he was stunned and didn't expect that the other party turned out to be a monk.

And he seems to be no ordinary monk.

If he were a normal monk, he would never be able to pull him into the spiritual world without him noticing.

"Monk, do you know who I am? Bring me closer to your own spiritual world. Have you ever thought about the consequences?" There was no panic on Dai Tianchun's face.

With his Taoism, he has come into contact with a lot of monks. Anyway, the legendary sage of Buddhism is just a legend among monks. He has never encountered him in the real world.

Except for the sage of Buddhism, he would not be frightened when meeting any monk in the real world. Including...the one in front of him!

"Back then, the God of Death was very brave and good at fighting on the battlefield. I have seen this before." The monk clasped his hands together and closed his eyes slightly as he replied.

He did have a face-to-face encounter with the young Dai Tianchun on the battlefield back then. But that was already an experience he had experienced in his previous reincarnations.

Dai Tianchun is like a monk.

He's just a passer-by in these thousands of reincarnations...

At the school gate, Dai Tianchun couldn't stop laughing: "Monk, since you have met me face to face, you know that I have killed many people who claimed to be geniuses. You dragged me into your spiritual world. Then you may bear it. Is it the blood debt I accumulated from killing creatures over the years..."

Dai Tianchun asked the question sincerely.

On the battlefield, he killed people like crazy. That's why he was named the God of Killing.

For so many years, he tried his best to suppress the ferocity surging in his heart. Now this monk actually took the initiative to pull him into the spiritual world.

In Dai Tianchun's opinion, this monk doesn't want to live anymore. If he releases all the blood debt and murderous intent of the year, the monk's spiritual world will directly collapse. And he will not only be able to return to the real world unscathed, but also You can see the vice principal of Number 60 High School embarrassed because of his mental disorder.

He is just a monk. I want to challenge him.

Simply overestimating one's capabilities...