Chapter 1701 2 Entering the Mountain of Retrospection


Following Monk Jin Deng into the Mountain of Retrospection, Sun Rong has the feeling of revisiting her old haunts. The last time she upgraded Ao Hai here, she happened to help Er Ha solve the high concentration of Chaos Cataclysm caused by his ascension from Sacred Beast to Divine Beast.

This time she entered again to complete the upgrade of the nine-core Aohai. The first time was new, the second time was familiar. This time her mood was much calmer than the last time.

I'm just a little worried about whether I will be able to control Aohai after it is upgraded to nine cores.

"Miss Rong, there is no need to be nervous. The upgrade is to the nine-core Aohai. The success rate is 100%. Because it has been fused several times, the subsequent fusion is not that difficult." Monk Jin Deng said: "As for Ling Zhenren, he chose to let the poor monk Bring Miss Rong here. The main thing is to be on guard. After Aohai upgraded to the nine-core spirit sword, there is a problem of energy surge."

"It must be very strong. I'm worried that I can't control it..." Sun Rong frowned slightly. Her strength has been at the peak of the late Foundation Building. She is only a hair away from the Golden Core. Although her own combat power is blessed by Aohai It's far more than that. But the basic level cannot be climbed up. Controlling Aohai is always a problem.

It's just like the equipment in the game. The equipment has a level limit. If the character is below the level, he cannot afford the attribute blessings brought by the powerful equipment.

If it is operated improperly, it will not only cause danger to yourself, but also pose a threat to those around you.

This is not a situation that Sun Rong wants to see.

He was thinking wildly in his mind. At this time, the monk suddenly laughed: "Miss Rong thinks too much. Although the poor monk said before, I want Miss Rong to be cautious about using Aohai's power. But in terms of controlling Aohai, Miss Rong needn't worry."

"But isn't that normally the case?"

"This is indeed the normal situation. Spiritual swords, magic weapons and even some high-level Talisman in the world of cultivation have realm restrictions. If the realm is not enough, they cannot be driven smoothly. This is because the cultivator himself has a low realm and insufficient spiritual power. Driving these high-level magic weapons requires a lot of spiritual energy. They simply cannot afford it."

Monk Jin Deng said: "It seems like a limitation. But lack of spiritual power is the main reason."

"What about me?" Sun Rong asked.

"The Aohai that Miss Rong has has six cores. Haven't you noticed it after using it for so long? Because Miss Rong doesn't need to consider the issue of spiritual energy consumption at all."

Monk Jin Deng said: "When the human-sword fusion mechanism is activated, Aohai's power is Miss Rong's power. With such a passive ability, the problem of insufficient spiritual power can be ignored."

"So that's it." Sun Rong nodded.

At this time, Sun Ying'er also appeared to comfort her: "Rongrong, you are thinking too much. It is impossible to lose control. Even if you lose control, I will still be there. And this time, I feel that the progress between you and Ling Zhenren is very good!"

Sun Rong was startled: "What...what does that mean..."

Sun Ying'er: "It's really big! Look, this thought plague is so dangerous. There are so many people in the Office of Strategic Deception. His first thought is to help you increase your strength!"

This is not because Sun Ying'er is deliberately trying to make fun of Sun Rong like usual. But she really feels that there has been great progress between the two this time.

Although she kept her words calm, in fact Sun Rong was still very happy in her heart.

As for the other side, Zhuo Yi, who has been assisting in secret, is also very touched by this matter.

Since Lord Ma brought Sun Rong to meet with Monk Jin Deng. After leaving the Wang family's small villa.

He stared at Wang Ling who was eagerly opening the plastic bag of customized crisp noodles and asked: "Master, have you had any thoughts about Miss Rong?"

"?"

Wang Ling has a big question mark, but also did not reject it.

He did have some ideas.

But this idea was mainly caused by Sun Rong being forced to confess her feelings to him after the question session.

Keep letting Sun Rong stay here. It's embarrassing for both of them.

Instead of doing this, it is better to think of a way to remove Sun Rong...

And Sun Rong is always in his room. She doesn’t like crispy noodles either!

Wang Ling has never been in the habit of being stared at while eating...

Usually in the school cafeteria, I choose a corner seat to eat.

The basic process is.

Do your best to avoid people you know well by forcing yourself to dine alone.

Select a corner location.

Snap your fingers.

Let time stop.

Then he quickly finished what was on his plate...

Snap your fingers again. Restore the flow of time and return to the classroom.

In this way, Wang Ling will not feel uncomfortable being watched while eating. And eating will never waste time.

This trick is very useful.

Sometimes if I am too lazy to do my homework at night.

You can also take your homework to school in the morning. Use it to write down your homework.

Not just for myself. It also applies to Father Wang.

Sometimes, Father Wang really can't catch up with the update. He will also ask Wang Ling to use a time-stop function to freeze the time temporarily.

And this is one of the main reasons why Father Wang has been updating without any hindrance for many years.

You never know what’s behind an online writer who can continuously publish hits.

Maybe boxes and boxes of anti-baldness hair growth serum.

Or maybe... he has a son who knows how to stop time...

...

Sun Rong is being strengthened here. However, the matter of confirming identities through cross-examination does not seem very reliable to Wang Ling.

After all, external intervention is still needed.

There is nothing the modern world of cultivation can do about this. But there is a corresponding magic weapon in King's Pants.

He took out a bronze mirror. This mirror was called the "Eternal Beauty Mirror". It was the magic weapon of chaos held by an empress from the Eternal Period.

It is said to be a beauty mirror. But in fact, it does not make a person beautiful if it reflects it. Instead, it directly reflects their appearance without makeup.

Wang Ling looked in the mirror. He found that he in the mirror had not changed much from his original appearance. He pointed the mirror at Er Ha. He found that Er Ha's dog hair was still the same green...

Er Ha: "I understand. So I'll just take a mirror to the Office of Strategic Deception and give it to the people at the Office of Strategic Deception to try it out. But the number of these beauty mirrors is too small. I'm afraid it might be troublesome to detect. And if there's too much noise, it’s easy to scare someone off."

"Hmm." Wang Ling nodded.

This is indeed a problem.

So now for the first round, he decided to just conduct a preliminary test on the core members of the Office of Strategic Deception. Make sure there are no problems with the senior management before talking.

As for the scarcity of beauty mirrors, that would be easy to handle.

Wang Ling opened King's Eyes.

Select the beauty mirror in his hand. Er Ha saw ctrl+C appear on his left eye. ctrl+V appeared on his right eye.

Then a new beauty mirror was successfully copied...

"..."

Er Ha was stunned. Then he swallowed the copied sack of beauty mirrors without surprise: "For testing. I need to find some helpers."

Wang Ling spreads his hands, indicating to Er Ha that he can choose as he pleases.

And Er Ha's thinking is also very clear.

He almost immediately focused on Xiang Yi and Qin Zhong.

These two young men are perfect for being used as assistants.





Chapter 1702 Epidemic Humanization Investigation Team


Er Ha naturally had his own considerations in choosing Qin Zhong and Xiang Yi. He felt that these two living treasures were of great use, and their identities were not simple. Now that they have become guests of the Office of Strategic Deception, it is equivalent to being one of their own.

Since both of them are rushing towards Wang Ling to learn this way, they feel that they can just get close to each other.

After all, it is now the old man of the Office of Strategic Deception. It is reasonable for the old man to bring in new people.

However, although guest secretary is an honorary position in the Office of Strategic Deception, it is on the same level as the elder in terms of position level. Therefore, it is impossible for Er Ha to show an old-fashioned attitude in front of the two of them. He still needs to remain as polite as possible.

At eight o'clock that evening. At the Office of Strategic Deception in front of the guest secretary branch.

Er Ha met with Qin Zhong and Xiang Yi. When he found the two of them, they were playing chess in the yard. They looked like generals. They refused to give in to each other and racked their brains with each other.

Of course, playing chess also involves a bit of luck. In order to ensure fairness, Qin Zhong will share his luck equally when playing chess. In this way, the fun of playing chess can be fully guaranteed.

Otherwise, it will be inexplicable to win all kinds of games. You will not even have any gaming experience at all.

Er Ha did not disturb the two of them. Instead, it waited quietly for the two of them to finish the game of chess. After watching it for a long time, it discovered that both Qin Zhong and Xiang Yi had indescribably handsome faces. Fair and translucent skin and sharp edges and corners. No matter how you look at it, it looks like the protagonist's face.

Before planning to have this in-depth contact, Er Ha had not inquired about the two of them. He had a general understanding of Qin Zhong and Xiang Yi.

Both of them had almost reached the point where they were about to reach the top in their own worlds. However, they did not expect to be hit hard by the forced dimensionality reduction after they came to the world line of Wang Ling.

Even the universe-level masters I encountered were not on the same level.

And it was only after they happened to bump into Master Wu Xin this time that both of them realized that there is no end to learning.

Let me add something by the way.

That is, in order to make sure that the learning attitude is serious enough, Xiang Yi's real body is re-tuned with the shadow after meeting with his own daughter-in-law.

What is in front of Er Ha now is the real Xiang Yi.

"Hey. Lost again." Xiang Yi scratched his head in frustration.

After waiting for only a few minutes, the two people decided on the winner.

Qin Zhong achieved complete victory without relying on luck.

His chess skills are not too weak to begin with. Even without the blessing of luck, he can be almost impeccable. The only person Qin Zhong has lost in playing chess is Gu Shunzhi.

To be honest, after coming to the world of Wang Ling, he actually wanted to meet Gu Shunzhi. But he never found a suitable opportunity.

The Gu Shunzhi timeline at this time was before his current achievements. He had not yet been sent to his universe to become his cultivation manager.

In other words, it's just not as strong as it was then...

"You two, I have a mission here." Er Ha said. And he tells the story of the Epidemic in a simple and concise way.

Qin Zhong and Xiang Yi understood immediately.

"In other words, the task that Elder Toad has received now is to find those people who were invaded by the Thought Plague, right?" Qin Zhong and Xiang Yi nodded after listening.

"That's right. This is a direct order from the Lord." Er Ha said: "The key point now is to find out the source."

"The source..."

Qin Zhong held his chin and thought carefully: "When we were in the Science and Technology City earlier, Senior Li Xian and Senior Zhang Zhui did not act with us. Could it be that they were invaded? Or maybe they had something to achieve. Something that invaded a large area came out of the science and technology city?"

Er Ha and Xiang Yi were both stunned when they heard this.

Because as far as they knew, the only thing Li Xian and Zhang Zhui brought out from the Science and Technology City was the chip that Wang Ming designated after using brain waves to invade the wealthy businessmen of the Science and Technology City who did not return.

No way...

Is it such a coincidence?

Although Qin Zhong does not have the blessings of Chen Chao, because of his unparalleled luck, sometimes it is not a problem to hit the mark.

This made Er Ha and Xiang Yi extremely alert for a moment. If the source of infection really comes from Wang Ming... when the thought plague invades Wang Ming's body, with Wang Ming's powerful brain wave power, he may be able to achieve great results in an instant.

And the serious consequences of this invasion are probably incalculable...

"Then where should we start now?" Xiang Yi asked.

"How about going to find Senior Gu?" At this time, Qin Zhong suggested.

"..."

Xiang Yi, Er Ha was silent for a while.

It's okay if Qin Zhong didn't mention it. This mention... it's possible that the first person they were looking for during this trip was Gu Shunzhi. I'm afraid he has been invaded.

...

After Er Ha left. Wang Ling noticed a news break.

This was a car accident that occurred near the Wang family's small villa. A psionic three-wheeler delivering couriers crashed into a self-driving car.

The courier boy and a couple were killed together.

The couple used their bodies to protect their daughter before they died, resulting in three deaths and one injury.

Car accidents happen every day. This is not surprising.

But as luck would have it, the guy who delivered the courier was the same guy who gave Sun Rong the human-shaped gift box before.

That coffin...oh no. It's a human-shaped gift box, so there's something inherently wrong with it. Then there's a high possibility that the courier guy has been hacked.

Although in the big explosion of the car accident, the courier boy and the poor couple were burned into shape and their appearance was almost indistinguishable.

But Wang Ling has King's Eyes.

You can still directly restore their original appearance through your own pupil power.

Judging from the explosive force generated at the scene, it is a miracle that the little girl survived.

But the little girl not only survived. There were not many injuries on her body. There were only a few traces of burns. This made Wang Ling have to start to doubt whether this little girl was really a little girl.

Wang Ling first found the courier tracking number of the guy who sent the humanoid gift box. From the tracking number, you can directly find the guy’s work number. You can know the guy’s accurate personal information by making a complaint through manual customer service.

Then, he activated the Sage Immortal Book remotely and found out the girl's name: Chen Xiaomu.

Then I followed this information and found Chen Xiaomu’s parents’ information.

After getting the information of the three people, he teleported directly to the morgue of the hospital.

Outside the morgue of the Ninth Xiuzhen People's Hospital, several family members cried into a group, through the thick iron door Wang Ling can hear the heartbreaking cries.

He sighed inwardly.

Although directly resurrecting these three people is against Heavenly Dao.

But after all, the source of the deaths of these three people was still the ancient beings. It was not an ordinary accident.

So Wang Ling feels that there is no harm in resurrecting these three people.

Of course. Even if he is a Heavenly Dao whitelist user, the process seems a bit irregular.

So when Wang Ling teleported to the morgue of this hospital, he also called Heavenly Dao, who was currently working as a guard at the gate of No. 60 Middle School, to come here.

In this way.

They are all resurrected by heaven after death.

What's it got to do with him?





Chapter 1703 A cultivation enterprise that operates in the air


When Death Heavenly Dao was summoned by Wang Ling, he was still wearing the uniform of the 60 High School guard captain. The original school guard captain, Old Man Li, had reached the age of retirement, so he gave up his position to Death Heavenly Dao.

As soon as Death Heavenly Dao was moved, he added two hundred years to Old Man Li's life in the book of life and death. It was a real gain.

No one wants to have a colleague who works with them every day. A man who can freely control other people's life and death...

But resurrecting others, even if Death Heavenly Dao does it himself, is a bit illegal.

The rule left by Dao Ancestor Wang when he established the Heavenly Dao Committee is that those who have to be resurrected must first go through the upward filing. That is, after the Heavenly Dao Committee has established the file, it must be reviewed and approved by the six masters of Heavenly Dao before their twin brothers can be resurrected. The two went to execute it.

The two brothers actually had a division of labor in the entire resurrection process.

Like his brother, Life Heavenly Dao whose main responsibility for resurrection is the type of subjective death, what is meant by subjective death?

For example, if someone is dying due to illness or even commits suicide, it is considered a subjective death.

On the other hand, Death Heavenly Dao deals more with accidental deaths.

But the situation with the courier guy in front of me is a little complicated.

Although it is true that he had a car accident in advance because he was invaded by the Thought Plague. But in fact, at the same time as the car accident happened.

Diseases caused by long-term overtime work will manifest at that moment.

Almost at the moment he was hit and killed, the courier boy suffered a myocardial infarction at the same time, leading to cardiac arrest and suffocation.

Not only that. Because he had been riding a tricycle for a long time, the courier boy also suffered from severe rheumatism. The moment he was hit hard, all the bones in his body cracked.

At the moment he was hit, the poor courier boy died suddenly due to multiple reasons. And each death occurred almost at the same moment. All of them were fatal injuries.

The thought plague that invaded his body obviously didn't notice this. It was still controlling his body. In the end, it was directly burned into coke by the big explosion. It was completely inhuman...

"It's too tragic." Heavenly Dao sighed as he explained the cause of the courier boy's death.

"Don't talk nonsense. Just tell me whether you can be resurrected." Wang Ying looked heavy.

A Wang Ling and a Wang Ying sandwiched Death Heavenly Dao. Death Heavenly Dao was also frightened in his heart. His pupils shrank slightly and he said cowardly: "If this can... make both Ling Zhenren and Ying Zhenren both spoke, how can I disobey you?"

Promoting someone's resurrection against the rules is essentially a serious violation of discipline. However, with Wang Ling and Wang Ying standing behind him, Death Heavenly Dao was somewhat confident.

"The rules back then were set by Dao Ancestor Wang. If I resurrect these humans, what punishment will I receive? You two adults must help me..." Death Heavenly Dao bowed.

You may not believe it. As one of the six lords Heavenly Dao, Death Heavenly Dao himself is also very afraid of death.

"Stop talking nonsense and start immediately." Wang Ying said concisely and to the point.

"Yes."

Death Heavenly Dao no longer shirks the blame. He takes a step back and releases a jet-black spiritual flame from his fingertips. Then he raises his sword fingers together and points directly at the forehead of the charred corpse.

The corpse, which had been burned to the point where the human form was no longer visible, was rapidly recovering at a speed visible to the naked eye.

"It's an advantage for him. This is a brand new body." Death Heavenly Dao said, crossing his arms.

After resurrecting a person, the resurrected person will also get a completely healthy body. No matter what kind of pain and disease he has suffered before, the body after death will be completely sound.

However, according to the bad habits of modern human cultivators that are difficult to change in life, they will eventually develop into a sub-healthy state.

This is really a pity.

As if he had experienced a long sleep, the courier boy woke up from the sterile corpse bed in the morgue. He rubbed his eyes.

He remembered that he had just been walking on a long and narrow Golden Bridge. There were floating Golden Men beside the Golden Bridge, ladling a bowl of golden soup to everyone standing on the Golden Bridge.

The Mengpo soup mentioned by the people and this golden soup are actually the same thing.

This is a prop used by Heavenly Dao to block the soul's memory of past lives.

But just when the courier boy was about to drink, a black flame ignited from the bowl of golden soup in his hand. He was so frightened that he knocked over the soup bowl.

At the scene of the golden bridge, amidst the chaos, he was sucked away by the cracks made by the black flames...

When he woke up, he saw three men in front of him, all with their arms folded, surrounding his bed.

"You..." He was very frightened. But this excitement reminded him of something.

During the period when he was invaded by the Thought Plague, although his body was completely out of his control, he still remembered what he had done.

A person with the Thought Plague would never have thought that a person who had been destroyed by him would be resurrected under such circumstances. And he would still have all the memories of when he was controlled by it.

"You just need to know that you were in a car accident and we saved you. Now, don't ask any more questions. You just need to tell us everything you did while you were being manipulated." Wang Ying said in a cold voice.

"Baobai!"

The courier boy said as if he was enlightened.

"Baobai?"

"Eh...During the period when my body was being manipulated, I went to a company that I had never seen before. I had never seen a company that could move like this..."

"A company that can move?" Heavenly Dao was also stunned when he heard this: "Could this company be in some kind of aircraft?"

Floating offices with no fixed abode are indeed very popular nowadays. Floating flying offices are now also the mainstream trend of future companies in the cultivation world. Although the company's location is constantly changing, it can use this advantage to easily recruit talents from all over the country.

The biggest advantage of this kind of floating office is that the floating boat will float through each designated city according to its own fixed cycle. This allows many migrant workers from other places to take the company's SF Express car to go home often.

However, there are still very few floating aerial companies that can master this cutting-edge technology. Only a very wealthy consortium has the material and financial resources to operate.

However, the "Baobai Company" mentioned by the courier boy seems to be a new term among the limited number of air companies. Before that, advertisements for famous air companies were all over the sky. But Wang Ling has never I've heard of it.

And he doesn't know why. He feels that this company name has a familiar feeling...





Chapter 1704 The Cemetery in the Sky


Baobai Group. Neither Wang Ling nor Wang Ying had heard of this company before. It was like it appeared out of thin air.

Wang Ling used his mobile phone to check the industrial and commercial information about this company on the Internet. As a result, no such company was found. He immediately had an idea in his mind.

It turns out. This is a hidden aerial company.

And judging from the internal scale described by the courier boy, this Baobai company seems to have reached a certain scale. It was not established in a hurry recently. There are many employees inside, and they all wear thick white chemical protective suits. From the description, it sounds a bit like a company engaged in the cultivation of chemical industry.

Regarding that memory, the courier boy tried his best to answer: "I saw...a huge cemetery..."

"Graveyard? In the air?" Wang Ying and Wang Ling were both startled.

"No. It's a tomb of graves! In the core area of this company's floating boat, behind an encrypted iron door, there is a huge aerial cemetery. It seems like something is being excavated."

"Yes! That's right. I remembered! There is a huge skeleton in the center. It looks like a big creature. But I can't tell what it is! The tail alone is several feet high. The nameplate on it is engraved with SCB Special The word faction..."

Is it to shelter living beings?

This answer made Wang Ling slightly surprised.

Because it is in the Minature Corpse Map. He has asked Li Xian and Zhang Zhui to lock up all the sheltered creatures that Master Wu Xin has hidden while traveling in the universe.

The strongest ones among them. Except for 096, who became the rabbit who guards the backyard of the Wang Ling family. 005, 007 and 009, the sheltered creatures of the old faction, are still kept by him in King's Eyes and cannot move. And they are very well-behaved.

"Go to sleep."

After the interrogation was almost completed, Death Heavenly Dao snapped his fingers, making the courier boy forget everything. At the same time, he also set the miserable couple next to him to a timed resurrection state that would automatically resurrect after half an hour.

Of course when the dead are resurrected, if this matter is leaked, it will definitely cause an uproar. Death Heavenly Dao's death. Death Heavenly Dao has ordered several young Golden Men to come over and deal with the aftermath.

Give everyone who knows about this matter a "beating blow". Let them physically forget all memories about this matter.

In addition, for the little girl who was invaded by the thought plague in this car accident, Death Heavenly Dao has also ordered the heavens to temporarily clear the memory of this poor couple having a daughter.

When the little girl returns later, they will automatically recall it.

After arranging everything, Deathly Heavenly Dao looked at Wang Ling and Wang Ying. He said worriedly: "Ling Zhenren, Ying Zhenren. I don't think this matter is that simple. The creatures contained in the Old Faction and the Dao Faction have all been collected. Under Ling Zhenren's control, new sheltered creatures have appeared. It's really a bit weird."

"What do you think?" Wang Ying asked.

Death Heavenly Dao took a deep breath and said: "From the perspective of the whole thing, there are at least three participants in this matter. One is the immortal Xiaoqiang, Bai Zhe. The second is Fenmu Shen. The third is Master Wu Xin. He should not be completely dead. There are many ways to survive for such an eternal person. As long as Master Wu Xin separates a trace of brain waves before death, there is a certain probability of survival."

"So you said, this is the Avengers? That's interesting." Wang Ying curled his lips.

He thought of these little heroes who had been shot to death gathering together again to discuss a plan on how to deal with Wang Ling. The ugly look really made people feel funny.

"Although we still don't know what the purpose of these three people is, if they decide to join forces, I think they should not be underestimated. We must not underestimate the enemy." Death Heavenly Dao said.

"No matter how many people there are, what's the use? I can deal with them by myself and kill them just like killing ants." Wang Ying sneered. He didn't take such a coalition at all. The main reason was that he was very confident in his own methods. The difference between his combat power and Wang Ling is not too big. It just lacks King's Eyes.

In his opinion, killing these three weak clowns is enough.

"That's what they say. But we still have to figure out their ultimate purpose."

Death Heavenly Dao analyzed rationally: "First of all, what is this Baobai Group doing? Judging from the description of this courier guy, this company is very large and has many employees. It is not a short period of time. The formation can be completed. The opponent is in the cemetery behind the iron gate in the core area. What exactly is he digging? This is also a question."

"The second thing is what they currently have control over. What exactly is the special faction that takes in the creatures? I think finding out the creatures that this special faction takes in is the key."

Death Heavenly Dao's analysis is clear and logical. The above questions are naturally recognized by Wang Ling. But there is one thing that is beyond Wang Ling's expectation, that is, Death Heavenly Dao's response to these "Avengers" behind this analysis.

That Bai Zhe...

Even though all world lines have been erased by him, he still exists.

Wang Ling used to think that he was the only monster.

But now he discovers that in a sense, this haunting Bai Zhe is also a monster.

If it's a positive encounter this time.

He will definitely find a way to completely wipe him out and avoid future troubles.

For Wang Ling, the idea now is very clear. That is to find the little girl who was invaded by the thought plague. Chen Xiaomu.

...

At the same time, on the other side, inside the floating boat of the Baobai Group, a hidden plan was also quietly underway.

Wang Ming appears here. But at this moment, he is no longer Wang Ming. His eyes are cloudy. His pupils are scattered into the shape of tentacles. He has clearly become the puppet of the thought plague.

He stood in a huge cemetery. There were countless people in white wearing thick protective clothing using land reclamation shovels, gold brushes and various sophisticated scanning equipment to conduct exploration and excavation at the site.

"The new special containment creature skeleton SCB 0.1598 has been discovered. Please seal the team to prepare! The aura of the skeleton is very strong. Also ask the demolition team to prepare for explosion protection! Build a barrier! Everyone must act quickly!"

"yes!"

In an instant, dozens of Baibao Group employees responded in unison.

"People of Baobai, you are about to witness a history that is great enough to be remembered by the world!"

The firelight enveloped Wang Ming's face, illuminating his cheeks red. He said excitedly with a strong desire for revenge on his face.

...

Wang Ming had miscalculated.

He never thought that his body would be controlled by him. Although he had the help of Fenmu Shen and Bai Zhe, he got a new body and had a mind with great development potential.

All he needs to do is inject a trace of the brain waves of the God Brain into it. In time, he will obtain a brain more powerful than the God Brain!

Although it is not his style to rely on others, Master Wu Xin clearly knows that if we do not join forces at this moment, I am afraid that we will not be able to deal with that terrible man on the earth.

"You three, you wouldn't have thought of it, would you? You pretended to be close to me and tried to get into Baobai. But I have already calculated this step." Wu Xin stared at Wang Ming's body in front of him, being put on the torture rack. Three people. Li Xian, Zhang Zhui and Zhai Yin...

Among them, Li Xian and Zhang Zhui were seriously injured. Although they did not feel much pain, they did not expect that their plan to enter Baobai would be directly defeated.

At the same time, what they didn't expect was...

In this sky cemetery. The targets excavated by these Baobai employees...

It was a special kind of eternal creature from the beginning of chaos.

And they have also had a loud and domineering name throughout their long history.

Call it... The Dragon!





Chapter 1705 The man in khaki trench coat


Eons ago, when chaos gave birth to the first moments of cosmic order, there was indeed a huge race that has been ignored today.

At that time, the concept of containing living beings did not even exist. The powerful dragon clan of the universe competed with the Old Dominator. Together they controlled the deep, dark, chaotic and twisted universe.

Until one day, a big explosion occurred overnight in Wanlong Mountain, the stronghold of the Dragon Clan, due to inexplicable reasons. The leader of the Dragon Clan, King Wanlong, was killed on the spot.

As a result, the balanced power began to gradually become unbalanced. The dragons in Wanlong Mountain were leaderless and suffered a devastating blow. Huge parts were all buried here...

The few dragons that were lucky to survive were treated as sheltered creatures by the Old Dominators. They were forced to accept long-term servitude until the last dragon committed suicide because he could not accept such coercion.

Li Xian and Zhang Zhui were tied to the stake. There was a drop of cold sweat on their cheeks. They did not expect that things would develop like this.

According to Wang Ming's original plan, they would follow the wishes of the controlled Wang Ming to act out a small plot and go deep into the hinterland. Then they would act on their own initiative and wait for Wang Ming to break free from the shackles of the "Thought Plague" and cause a big fuss here.

However, the agreed time has come. Li Xian and Zhang Zhui would not have wasted a moment when the real Wang Ming took over the body again.

So at that moment, both of them felt that the situation was not good.

It's nothing to them. After all, they are all skeletons who came out of the Supreme Corpse Map. Their physical bodies are virtual images transformed by King's Eyes. They will not feel any pain. But it is different if Zhai Yin is captured together.

If the land they were standing on was really Wanlong Mountain back then, it would now be known as the "Dragon Cemetery."

There must be a large number of dragon bones buried here. Although these dragons are all dead, their dragon breaths still remain after death. With Zhai Yin's physique, it is impossible to stay here for too long.

So we have to find a way out.

But if they leave this way...

Before Wang Ming could take over his body again, he became isolated and helpless.

This is a dilemma.

Although their current condition is not good, both of them believe that if they work together, it will not be a problem to escape with Zhai Yin and Wang Ming.

But now, the development of the situation has gone far beyond what they thought.

The people of the Baobai Group are digging for the skeletons under the Dragon Cemetery... Although it is unclear what their purpose is. This matter is of great importance and cannot be solved by the two of them.

Right now, Zhai Yin will be in more danger every second she stays here.

Li Xian and Zhang Zhui were tied to the stake. They tacitly thought that they could not wait any longer.

After the two looked at each other for a while.

Next second!

In the distance, a huge meteorite shining with bright fire fell from the sky! The shadow that covered the sky and the sun instantly covered it, shrouding the earth in front of it.

Such a familiar operation. Anyone who knows something about it must know that such a method must have been done by Li Xian.

There was a moment of panic at the scene.

"A huge meteorite is approaching!"

"Missile team! Prepare to block!"

Command post. Members of the command team issued instructions. Several projectiles were instantly shot out from the Baobai Group's Dragon Cemetery command post, impacting the huge meteorite weapon in the air.

Huge explosions accompanied by powerful firelight instantly turned the sky red.

Li Xian couldn't help but curl his lips. It was nonsense to think that such an explosion would crush his meteorite. The meteorites he chose every time were not randomly transported. Like this meteorite, it was made by An iron meteorite naturally constructed of heavy metals from the universe.

If the explosive power of the missile is less than a certain level, it will be impossible to destroy his meteorite.

"Sir, this is very dangerous! Please evacuate as soon as possible!" At this time, a Baobai employee stepped forward and urged Wu Xin to leave quickly.

There was no need for him to say anything. If this meteorite fell, Wu Xin could figure out just how strong the impact would be.

However, his expression was calm. He stared at the meteorite that was about to fall to the ground. There was no wave on his face. Then he couldn't help but laugh: "Star Wanderer. Li Xian. Sure enough, he lived up to his eternal reputation."

He knew that these were all Li Xian's tricks. However, he was not totally without any countermeasures.

Just the next second, behind Wu Xin, a man holding a black umbrella, wearing a khaki trench coat and sunglasses appeared. His appearance was sudden. It was like lightning. There was a terrifying electric current all over his body.

The man's rich voice came: "What do you want me to do..."

"Destroy it. But be careful not to damage the ground." Wu Xin said coldly.

Hearing Wu Xin's words, the man behind him nodded immediately: "Yes."

Dragon's Cemetery. The bright fire from the sky is still accompanied by the rapidly falling meteorites, emitting frightening power.

Facing the coming impact, all Baobai employees below are in panic.

Except Wu Xin...

And the man in a khaki trench coat suddenly appeared behind him.

The man stepped forward and walked slowly forward. His unhurried posture made people anxious.

He inserted the black umbrella in his hand into his back, and pulled out a diamond glove from his windbreaker. Only in the instant that this glove appeared, Li Xian and Zhang Zhui's gazes were simultaneously attracted by this glove, and then he revealed a look of disbelief.

Strong chaotic power seeped out from this diamond glove, telling Li Xian and Zhang Zhui that this diamond glove was absolutely extraordinary!

The chaos concentration exceeds at least 80%!

The chaos rudder that Master Wu Xin took out earlier was terrifying enough. Now there is a glove with a chaos concentration of at least over 80%!

Are these highly concentrated chaotic substances so worthless now?

The two of them stared intently at the man wearing a khaki trench coat in front of them. They saw the man slowly putting on the diamond gloves on his right hand and admiring them for a while as if they were showing off.

Being able to control such a high concentration of chaotic substances. The man's own combat power speaks for itself!

Chaos objects are powerful. Far beyond the realm-level magic weapons. And every 10% more chaos concentration, the more powerful the backlash will be on the user's body!

Therefore, the combat power must reach a certain level. Otherwise, let alone wearing this chaotic object with 80% chaos concentration on your hand, you may just take it out and squeeze it in your hand for a while, and your body will be turned into ashes!

The man wearing a khaki trench coat looked calm.

At this time, he finally turned his attention to the huge meteorite summoned by Li Xian in the sky, and stretched out his right hand wearing a diamond glove.

There was a snap.

He had snapped his fingers...





Chapter 1706 Dragonborn


At that moment, the huge power of the diamond glove made people look at him!

The man's first snap!

A loud noise instantly erupted from the meteorite that was about to fall in the sky. It was blown apart on the spot.

However, the lethality of the diamond gloves was far more than that. The man snapped his fingers a second time. The power was increasing step by step compared to before!

After the second snap of fingers, the interior of the meteorite instantly disintegrated. It seemed as if it was annihilated by powerful energy. At the moment it was about to fall, its size gradually decreased and turned into fly ash...

Li Xian and Zhang Zhui didn't react for a moment.

Super Chaos Object: Immortal Diamond Gloves...

Sequence level three: Annihilation!

They didn't expect to see a chaos device here with a concentration exceeding 60% and classified in the "Super God" sequence.

When the concentration of chaos devices exceeds 60%, Cosmic Chaos will automatically assign sequences to such chaos devices. It is equivalent to adding the previous layer of laws!

Take Master Wu Xin's previous chaos rudder as an example. Its sequence level has reached level one: Extraordinary.

Take Wang Ling's Great Universe Chaos Millstone as an example. The sequence level is Level 3: Annihilation.

Only those chaos devices with a chaos concentration exceeding 60% will be assigned to such a sequence.

Sequence Level 1: Extraordinary

Sequence Level 2: Super God

Sequence Level 3: Annihilation

Sequence Level 4: Light

Sequence Level 5: Creation

After being assigned to a sequence, it has little to do with its own specific chaos concentration. The existence of the sequence level itself is a symbol of the development potential of the chaos device! It is also a symbol of the blessing of a special ability!

Rumor has it. A chaos device that has reached the "annihilation" level. The concentration of chaos may exceed the 100% saturation level in the future! Towards a higher and terrifying concentration!

You can lock on the things you want to annihilate and actively track them. And open up the chaos mouth from inside to achieve complete annihilation from the inside out!

"The chaos device of the annihilation sequence..." Li Xian and Zhang Zhui were both stunned.

Although the chaos concentration of this diamond glove is not as good as Wang Ling's large cosmic millstone. But from their intuitive feelings, they can clearly perceive that this is a chaos device of "annihilation quality". The sequence level has reached level three. !

"This person is not a mortal. He can withstand the backlash of such a chaos weapon and remain calm." Li Xian was shocked in his heart. This is what makes him most afraid.

This man in a khaki trench coat wore gloves with an expressionless face and snapped his fingers. His attitude as if he didn't take anything seriously was terrifying.

After handling Li Xian's meteorite, he focused his attention on Li Xian and Zhang Zhui in the next second and stretched out his hand.

The diamond glove on the right hand. When the thumb and middle finger merged, there was a slight friction. The crisp sound of snapping fingers followed again.

Snap!

But this time, his target was Li Xian.

Powerful chaotic fluctuations were directed at Li Xian's body. He felt like a hole appeared in his body. Infinite power of chaos was bred from it. Then there was a bang!

His chest exploded immediately. Along with bright red blood, countless organs flew out from the gap. Then they were gradually devoured by the power of chaos...

If this kind of damage only affects the body, the physical bodies of Li Xian and Zhang Zhui are real illusions transformed by King's Eyes. No matter how broken they are, there is no pain at all. However, the power of annihilation brought by this snap of fingers also affects the souls.

In an instant, Li Xian spit out a mouthful of blood.

"Hurry up. Brother Zi Xiang... take Miss Zhai and leave here..."

"If you want to leave, come together!"

Zhang Zhui also didn't expect that this man in khaki trench coat would be so brave. He almost killed Li Xian with a snap of his fingers.

With Li Xian's soul severely damaged, he probably couldn't bear the second blow and snapped his fingers.

At this moment, another meteorite flew from behind the two of them!

This is a soft meteorite. It is like a sponge. It does not have any lethality. It was summoned by Li Xian with all his last strength. It came directly from behind at a high speed and swept all three of them away.

Zhang Zhui grasped the reality and immediately opened a space tunnel.

In just an instant, the three of them were taken away by the soft meteorite and disappeared without a trace.

"They. Can't run away..."

At this time, the man wearing a khaki trench coat took off his diamond gloves and put them back into his trench coat. His short hair was flowing, and yellow lightning sizzled. Then, it evolved on the left and right sides of his forehead. There were two golden dragon horns.

"Jingze, please wait. They are just at the end of their battle. There is no need to pursue them any more." Wu Xin called his name and stopped him.

SCBX-L001: Jingze

Dragonborn Age: 1 year old

Dragon Power: Lightning Dragon

Dragon Breath Attribute: Electricity

Current actual combat power conversion realm: Mid-term Earthly Ancestor

Dragon Power synchronization data: stable...

Dragon Breath Purity Data: Stable...

...

He checked the man's physical condition. After finding that it was stable as before, he breathed a sigh of relief. At the same time, he sighed in his heart.

When he saw for the first time what Bai Zhe and Fenmu Shen were planning behind the scenes, he felt that these two people were people he could rely on and join forces with.

To resurrect the disappeared dragon clan in this form and turn them into humanoid dragon descendants who have mastered the power of dragons and can completely obey their orders. This thing seems incredible to Wu Xin.

But Bai Zhe and the Fenmu Shen did it with their own strength.

In this dragon cemetery floating in the air, more complete dragon bones will be excavated in the future. The remaining dragon breath from these dragon bones will be used to extract genes and cultivate more men of the same level as the man named "Jingze" in front of me. The Dragonborn!

That dead fish-eyed boy on earth is too strong...

Choosing to revive the dragon clan from the past to fight against him is indeed the best choice at the moment.

Currently, there are eight Dragonborn being synthesized by Baobai Group. Four of them have been successfully synthesized.

There are two players available for combat.

And Jingze is the one who has been synthesized for the longest time. He is also the most stable person.

One year of dragon birth is equivalent to 1000 years of age for a human cultivator.

There are many places to cultivate dragonborn. After the synthetic incubation is completed, the cultivation is mainly accelerated through the time difference between inside and outside in a specially customized space.

"Jingze, you have to remember that you are the first dragonborn in this universe. As Number 001, you are responsible for leading the dragonborn behind you to realize the revival of the dragon clan. Do you understand?" Wu Xin said through Wang Ming's body.

"Yes." Jingze nodded.

"Very good. Next, it's time to introduce you to SCBX-L002. "

Wu Xin said.

He had just received an order from Bai Zhe and planned to find a partner for Jingze.

"SCBX-L002?" Jingze tilted his head: "I think... I don't want a partner."

"Ha. When you see it, you won't say that."

Master Wu Xin smiled and said: "This is a girl. She has obtained the power of the dragon, the combination of electricity and fire. The lethality will be doubled. If you work together well, no one in this world can defeat you..."

"Then below, I will give you a task to cultivate tacit understanding. Go kill someone."

"Sir, please tell me who you want to kill." Jingze asked obediently.

"A monk."

Wu Xin raised his lips and responded: "His dharma name. Jin Deng."





Chapter 1707 The Monk Eating Hot Pot


"The key has been confirmed. Unlocking the specific containment space passage related to SCB-L002..."

When the familiar electronic sound sounded in Jingze's ears, Wu Xin took him to the specific containment space of SCB-L002. This is the special space provided by Bai Zhe for all the noble dragonborn born. Every one The space is an independent core world. There is no sense of oppression of being comfortable in a cubic container.

Such an improvement was something Wu Xin did not expect. Back then, he imprisoned the creatures in those cubic containers. Unexpectedly, some of the creatures became even more cruel after being restrained inside.

The scene before him also served as a reflection on the past for Wu Xin.

However, such a big deal as one dragonborn and one core world cannot be accomplished by ordinary people.

A normal cultivator is full of difficulties and obstacles from the beginning of giving birth to an inherent spiritual realm. And from the inherent spiritual realm to the big and small worlds and the subsequent supreme world, the years spent in this period must have gone through eternal changes...

Not to mention gestating the space in one's own body to the "Supreme World". Even to gestate to the "Core World", it would take thousands of years. Nearly ten thousand years...

But now Bai Zhe's side has given away the core world to this person for free, and even laid eggs to equip each dragonborn with one. This person's skill is indeed a bit sensational.

This is a high-temperature core world. The core temperature in the deep area reaches over 70°. Wang Ming's body is only a mortal body. It is impossible to withstand such a temperature. But fortunately, Master Wu Xin has been prepared.

He is wearing an improved defensive suit, allowing him to walk unhindered on this land with the help of the black technology he created.

Jingze, who was beside him, was completely indifferent. It was impossible for such a temperature to harm the dragonborn who had stabilized and was almost ready to mature.

The two of them approached the core area one after another. In front of the huge pyrotechnic waterfall, magma with a temperature of tens of thousands of degrees fell from above. A loud roar could be heard.

"Yan?. I brought your partner here. Look, I also prepared your favorite thing." Wu Xin said while standing at the port where his feet were a little hot.

Then he took out a special blue small box from the storage space. The box gave off a frightening cold air. Jingze thought that there might be some magic weapon inside. But when Wu Xin opened the button and opened it, he was stunned on the spot.

Inside this box, there are actually all kinds of ice creams. There are colorful cones, sundaes topped with strawberry jam, and attractively colored, crystal clear durian popsicles.

These desserts were protected by special boxes. Even in this high temperature environment, they did not melt.

I don't know whether I was surprised by Wu Xin's words or attracted by these desserts, but not long after, under the hanging Bakudan waterfall, a young girl with light blonde hair finally reveals the upper half of her face from the waterfall in a tentative manner, and then gradually exposes her entire body.

This girl named Yan? was wearing a lace red dress. She had a delicate face like a doll. Jingze was stunned for a moment when he saw it.

Soon, a string of data about Yan was synchronized to his smart goggles.

SCB-L002:Yan?

Dragonborn Age: 7 months

Dragon Power: Explosive Dragon

Dragon Breath Attribute: Fire

Current actual combat power conversion realm: Early stage of Earthly Ancestor

Exclusive Dragonborn Chaos Weapon: Burning Sky Chain Hammer

...

"Chain hammer?" Regarding the weapon used by Yan?, Jingze had some doubts in his heart.

He didn't expect that such a small person could actually wield weapons that were completely inconsistent with her size and specifications.

"Same as your diamond gloves. The Burning Sky Chain Hammer of Xian? is made from the chaos of the dragon bones corresponding to the power of your dragon. It is the exclusive chaos weapon of the Dragonborn. The Dragonborn Chaos Device on each of you is It is unique. It has more potential than those chaos devices that are directly bred from chaos." Wu Xin said.

"So. What level is her Dragonborn Chaos Device?"

"eh...The concentration of chaos is not as good as yours. It's only 61%. But it has reached sequence four."

"Sequence four?" Jingze's calm face finally showed a surprised look.

The sequence level of the chaos device represents the future potential of the chaos device. He was originally very satisfied with his diamond gloves that reached sequence three, which was the annihilation level.

But after hearing the sequence level of the chaos device used by Yan?, I immediately felt that my diamond gloves were no longer fragrant.

The dragon is more than a dragon, and the dragon is very angry.

But if you think about it carefully, Jingze is not so unbalanced. Because the exclusive chaos device on his body is not just the diamond gloves. In fact, there is also a black umbrella that has not been used so far.

And so far, among all the dragonborn, only Jingze was born with twin dragonborn chaos weapons.

This particularity is one of the reasons why Jingze is so valued by Bai Zhe and others.

The baby-faced girl with light-colored blond hair and a red dress lazily raised her eyes and glanced at Jingze. Then she squatted beside the blue box and started to devour these desserts.

Ice cream is her favorite.

"Yan?. I brought your partner." At this time, Wu Xin said.

Yan? He was spooning strawberry sundae on his mouth. The expression on his face was a bit dissatisfied: "But... what I want is the guy who uses ice!"

She has reported to Bai Zhe several times that she hopes to find a dragon with ice attributes as her partner. However, this request has been rejected.

Mainly because of the conflicting attributes.

If it were really that combination, the lethality would be greatly reduced.

"Yan? Be good. You follow Jingze. You can eat as much ice cream as you want after that. He is very rich." Wu Xin said.

"Really!" The girl glanced at Jingze dubiously.

To be honest, she still doesn't have a good impression of this man wearing a khaki trench coat.

But for the endless supply of ice cream, I can still endure this.

Finally. She nodded: "Okay."

"Is this right?" Wu Xin encouraged on the side: "Next, you will go on a mission together. You need to get rid of a very bad monk."

"How bad?"

"He likes to eat hot pot. He often puts the hot pot on his head and burns it."

"But what I hate the most is hot pot!" Yan? suddenly became angry: "He will definitely die!"

"..."

At this time, Jingze sighed silently.

He didn't know if it was right to guide Yan in this way. But what had to be said was that this kind of little girl who was not familiar with the world was indeed easy to deceive.

...

On the other side, Zhang Zhui took Li Xian and Zhai Yin and quickly returned to the Office of Strategic Deception for help. Zhai Yin's condition was okay. But Li Xian's injury was really serious. He vomited again on the way back to the Office of Strategic Deception. Several mouthfuls of blood.

The annihilation-level diamond gloves were so lethal that their souls were damaged.

Although Li Xian's state would not lead to death, it is rare for such serious injuries to appear on an eternal person.

He had notified the core group of Office of Strategic Deception on his way to the Office of Strategic Deception. As soon as he arrived at Zongmen Mountain Pass, Immortal Toya, Cailian Zhenren and Monk Jin Deng had already appeared in front of the mountain gate to greet him.

"How could the injury be so severe?"

"It's too late to explain. Monk, let's talk as we walk." Zhang Zhui carried Li Xian on his back. He was very anxious in his heart. At the same time, he also had ten thousand regrets in his heart. He regretted that he acted arbitrarily with Li Xian and went deep into the enemy without any report.

I didn't even expect to receive such backlash...

Of course, the most critical situation before may not be just Li Xian's injury.

There is also Wang Ming who has been completely controlled and remains in the floating boat in the air.





Chapter 1708 Killing Jin Deng


"We have tried our best..." About half an hour later, immortal Toya, Cailian Zhenren, and monk Jin Deng walked out of the Office of Strategic Deception's sterile operating room with a regretful look on their faces, and immortal Toya took off his own mask and gloves while saying, looking at Zhang Zhui, a little bit bewildered.

What people fear most is hearing doctors say such words. Zhang Zhui lowered his head and his body trembled slightly. He was too confident. Even if Wang Ming proposed that plan, he, a senior, should have stopped him. He should not be so arbitrary.

Just when tears were about to ooze from the corners of his eyes, Immortal Toya added another sentence: "The soul has been hurt. I can only find Ling Zhenren later to find a solution."

"Not dead?" Zhang Zhui immediately stopped crying and raised his head suddenly.

"With me here, of course it's impossible to let senior Li Xian die like that." Immortal Toya said.

"Then please finish your sentence in one go the next time you speak..."

"It's my fault." Immortal Toya smiled bitterly: "Miss Zhai Yin is not hindered, she took a hibernation pill for her to extended her rest, if she woke up and knew what had happened to Mr. Ming, she would have collapsed."

"That's all we have to do." Zhang Zhui nodded. At the same time, he couldn't help but sigh.

He felt that he had never been so embarrassed. The last time he cried was an eternity ago.

And the last time I cried, it was because I was beaten by Dao Ancestor Wang.

But any sadness now is of no use. The key lies in how to remedy it. The current situation is worse than imagined. Li Xian was seriously injured. Wang Ming was directly manipulated.

Since the founding of the Office of Strategic Deception. Nothing seems worse than the situation at hand.

The man in the khaki trench coat injured Li Xian to this extent with just two snaps of his fingers. It can be said that this was far beyond Zhang Zhui's expectation.

And based on the information provided by Zhang Zhui so far, Jin Deng generally has his own guess about the whole thing.

"It seems that you have already been to Wanlong Mountain. It is the Dragon Cemetery from the Eternal Period. There are many dragon bones buried there." Monk Jin Deng said: "Although it is not clear what method they used. But from Brother Zi Judging from what my brother said, the man wearing a khaki trench coat may be a dragonborn who has inherited the power of an eternal dragon."

"But the dragon clan is clearly extinct..."

Zhang Zhui felt extremely unbelievable when he heard this.

Even to many immortals like Zhang Zhui, the Dragon Clan is an absolute legend...

It was a powerful cosmic race that once ruled an era together with the Old Dominator. It also perished before the Old Dominator.

"If we can piece together the complete dragon bones, there may be a way to condense the dragon soul from the remaining dragon breath with supreme magic power, and then use genetic technology to create these human dragon descendants." Jin Deng said with a frown.

He knew that the most troublesome thing now was not just this. Although Zhang Zhui only encountered one of the dragonborns, it was obvious that this incident had been planned for a long time. The number of dragonborns behind him was probably far more than that.

Of course, the most difficult problem is that the opponent has a chaos concentration of more than 60% and has a powerful serial level chaos device...

It is not difficult for the monk to guess that these powerful dragon-born chaos weapons are probably made by refining dragon bones. They are equivalent to custom-made magic weapons formed after putting the natal magic weapon into chaos for refining. This is compared with the strength of the dragon-born chaos weapon that is usually produced from chaos. The magic weapon produced is much stronger.

Thinking of this, Monk Jin Deng couldn't help but feel a little scared. The only thing he was lucky about was that he had helped Sun Rong upgrade Aohai to nine cores in advance...

With the addition of the nine-core Aohai, even if these dragonborn find trouble, Sun Rong can now protect herself.

At this time, Jin Deng made some calculations with his fingers. The expression on his face was more serious than ever before: "The situation is going to change."

He only said four words. Everyone present fell silent for a moment. They felt an unprecedented sense of oppression.

"This matter must be reported to Ling Zhenren and the True Lord as soon as possible. Everyone must beware of the Dragonborn's sneak attack." These words dispersed in the void along with Monk Jin Deng's figure that turned into the breeze and dissipated.

Although he didn't say much, everyone knew that there would be a tough battle ahead.

Infinite Buddhist Courtyard.

This is the "supreme world" opened up by the first generation of Buddhist sages. Now this piece of direct transmission to the hands of monk Jin Deng, at this time he is sitting on a huge golden lotus platform, endless seven-colored Buddha light through the top of the auspicious clouds covering the earth, RuiLong ten thousand lines of light.

Every scene here is full of the solemn power of Buddhism. There is an indescribable feeling of astonishment. It is a golden statue of Sakyamuni that reaches a height of 1,000 feet and is one of the most majestic symbols of the court of the Infinite Buddha.

From the earliest generation of the sage inheritance of Buddhism to this point, the Infinite Buddhist Courtyard embodies the divine power of dozens of eminent monks who stacked up profound Buddhist teachings.

Jin Deng originally did not want to disturb this Buddhist pure land. However, the emergency situation forced him to enter here to take precautions.

He had already calculated that he had been targeted by the Dragonborn, so he came here very early to prepare for the battle.

But the situation before him was beyond Monk Jin Deng's expectation, because there were actually two Dragonborns who came here.

When the seven-colored auspicious clouds in the sky were rushed out of a black hole by a powerful dragon's breath that could be called overwhelming, he took a deep breath and knew that the battle was about to begin.

It hasn't been a long time since he came to the Infinite Buddha Courtyard. These two dragonborns can actually penetrate layers of void and directly pass into other people's supreme world without fear. This kind of combat power is really terrifying.

"Yan?. Be careful. This monk is not a simple person."

Jingze was still wearing the windbreaker with a black umbrella on his back. He held Yan?'s hand and said. From a distance, the two looked like a father and daughter. They had the cutest height difference.

Monk Jin Deng opened his eyes. To him, the Dragon Clan was just a legendary existence.

Even he felt this kind of dragon power for the first time, so he didn't dare to slack off.

After the two dragonborn landed in the Infinite Buddha Courtyard, they did nothing. They just held hands and said something. But Jin Deng had already sensed the huge danger between them.

He could even see the dragon's image behind the two people.

It was a giant dragon that was tens of thousands of feet long and extremely huge. It was orange-yellow in color and glowing with lightning. There was also a slightly smaller dragon that spit out lava. Its whole body was red and twisted in the air like the Great Wall. Yanlong.

The intersection of two dragons. Under the intertwining of electric light and fire, there is a powerful momentum that dominates the world and looks down on the world.

"You are the one. The monk who likes hot pot."

At this moment, Yan? The soft and cute voice contrasts sharply with the powerful Dharma behind him, creating a strong sense of contrast!

She stared at Jin Deng. After stuffing all the cones in her hand into her mouth, her eyes instantly filled with murderous intent: "So, are you ready to die?"

The next moment!

Buzz!

She directly broke away from Jingze's hand and jumped out in one step. The speed was incredibly fast. Her agile body dragged a long line of fire and attacked from a distance.

Without the slightest hesitation, his arm transformed into a huge dragon claw the moment he was close to the Jin Deng, and plowed towards the heart of the Jin Deng!





Chapter 1709. Two little dragonborn babies. What evil intentions can they have?


Boom!

Suddenly, the immeasurable Buddha court trembled. The earth shook and the mountains shook. The golden Buddha light shrouding this supreme world was struck by the red dragon's breath. The colorful auspicious clouds on the horizon instantly dispersed.

Jin Deng was secretly shocked. It was just a dragonborn synthesized by extracting the dragon's genes. The power it possessed was far less than the real power of the dragon in the early days of the eons.

However, the power it unleashed could reach such an extent. Jin Deng couldn't help but feel a sense of surprise in his heart. This blow of the dragon's claw hit a layer of eggshell-shaped body-protecting Buddha's light firmly.

This baby-faced fire dragon girl did not penetrate Jin Deng's armor. However, she still left the mark of her own dragon ball on the body-protecting Buddha's light.

Boom!

The body-protecting Buddha's light followed the paw prints of the dragon's claws and quickly cracked in all directions.

The dragonborn in front of him is clearly in his supreme world, but he is still immune to the suppression and influence of the power of the world. It is really terrifying to explode with such power.

No wonder Li Xian was seriously injured.

And Jin Deng could see that Yan's fighting ability was actually not as good as the man in a khaki trench coat standing behind her and watching from a distance.

It was this man who injured Li Xian.

This is the first time that Jin Deng has fought against the Dragon Clan. Although the two Dragonborn in front of him cannot be called true eternal dragons, the significance and value of this battle is undoubtedly huge in the eyes of the monk.

At least it would give him the experience of fighting dragons in this life.

He didn't dare to be too big.

Even in his own supreme world, he would not dare to do this.

In the early days of the Eternal Dragon Clan, when the Dragon Clan was at its peak, its resounding name has lasted from ancient times to the present. If it had not suffered a disaster due to unknown reasons, those giant dragons in Wanlong Mountain could have killed the leaders of the Outer Gods in the Old Dominator if they had taken action.

"Then it's time for the poor monk to take action."

Buzz!

Buddha's light is steaming. It spurts out from every pore on Jin Deng's body. Faintly, the thousand-foot-long golden statue of Sakyamuni behind him is also rising sharply.

All the scenes in the Wuliang Buddhist Courtyard that were disturbed by the dragon's breath are recovering. They are reappearing to their original grandeur. Sanskrit sounds are lingering from all directions, forming a trap and coming from all directions.

"So strong...this monk is really difficult to deal with."

Jingze was extremely frightened. His scalp felt cold as soon as he brushed it. He felt deeply unbelievable.

He and Yan are both dragon-born. They are the incarnations that symbolize the dragon inheritance in the early days of the ages. They are well versed in the way of power.

Naturally, he also knew how difficult it was for a cultivator to reach such a height as a monk. Therefore, Jingze's originally relaxed and composed spirit gradually became tense in response to the monk's superhuman strength.

He knew clearly. This was a test.

This is a tough battle. But no matter how difficult the monk is to deal with, he and Yan will defeat the monk in front of him.

"Yan. You alone can't deal with this monk. We need to join forces." Jingze said coldly. He had already put on his diamond gloves and was about to take action.

Boom!

Jin Deng raised his hand. The golden Buddha light in the sky instantly turned into a Buddha's palm a hundred miles wide. He quickly rushed to Jingze, crushing him with a devastating force.

"The palm technique that falls from the sky!"

Jingze frowned. The monk's movements were too fast. He just sat there and used the golden Buddha's light all over the sky in this boundless Buddhist court to his advantage! Accurately achieve long-range strikes!

This is an expression of using the supreme world to its extreme. It can be said that at this time, the monk and the supreme world are no longer separate from each other. The two are one and can be used for each other.

Yan took a breath, inflating her belly, and then exhaled. A long dragon-shaped pillar of fire spurted out from her mouth.

This time the pillar of fire accurately hit Monk Jin Deng's body. However, at the moment when the flames burned the monk, his body turned into a blur and turned into a seven-color auspicious cloud. After the flames disappeared, that part disappeared. The body has returned to its original form.

"Is this? The virtual and the real..." In the distance, Jingze broke away from the palm that fell from the sky. He turned into lightning and quickly moved forward to bring Yan back to him.

He can no longer let Yan do such useless work. Every next step must be done step by step. This monk is not easy to deal with. It is useless to just bite the bullet and be reckless.

Although the Dragonborn's spiritual energy is as huge as the sea, it is not inexhaustible.

After all, one of them is only 1 year old and the other is only 7 months old. Jingze does not have the confidence to compare with the advanced monk in front of him.

Compared to Jin Deng, the only advantage their dragonborn have is their bloodline.

It can be seen that Jingze is very cautious. Even though he is very strong, he does not act rashly.

"He is a difficult person to deal with..."

Jin Deng opened his eyes. The word "卍" appeared in both pupils.

It has been a long time since he used the swastika. The last time he opened his eyes was to get a glimpse of the universe of Wang Ling. As a result, he only saw a trace of the outline and became blind in one eye.

Fortunately, he suddenly realized the past, present, and future three Buddha fires. He used the power of Buddha fire to repair the scrapped swastika.

Now when he sacrificed the swastika again, he was dealing with two dragon descendants.

He has enough confidence.

This time, his swastika will never be scrapped again.

brush!

Jingze took the descendant of Yan, leaving an afterimage on the spot. When his body stabilized, he could feel the monk's terrifying swastika eye power from a distance.

"Yan. Listen to my command. We are going to sacrifice our Dragonborn's Chaos Weapon next. Otherwise, we will not be a match for this monk." Jingze said. To be honest, he never thought that Jin Deng would be so difficult to deal with before coming here.

But now when Jin Deng opened his swastika, Jingze recognized the fact instantly.

This monk cannot be defeated with their current combat power. The only way to find an opportunity is to use the Dragonborn Chaos Weapon!

He calls out!

At this time, a powerful golden light penetrated out of the swastika. It rushed towards Jingze and Yan with a breath that purified everything.

Then Jingze saw the swastikas in the monk's pupils spinning. Dozens of golden objects were instantly summoned from the pupils! They were lingering around him!

These golden objects have the same appearance. They emit golden light. Each one is carved with a completely different Buddha head pattern on its body. Some have kind eyebrows and kind eyes, some are fierce and evil, some are gentle and careful, or some are angry...

These are eighty-eight relic vajra pestles refined from the most sacred relics of Buddhism in the past! At this time, all eighty-eight vajra pestles appeared behind monk Jin Deng. The heads of the pestles rotated, aiming at Jingze and Yan.

In an instant, a Buddhist temple seemed to appear behind Jin Deng. Countless Buddhist images of Buddhas and Bodhisattvas appeared. It was so shocking that it was beyond belief.

What a powerful force this is...

To cultivate to such an extent with a mortal body is simply unimaginable to Jingze.

What frightened Jingze the most was that the monk in front of him used all his strength in his attack, without any thought of his back-up plan!

At this time, his gaze is fixed!

Eighty-eight relic vajra pestles behind them were launched towards them intensively like missiles!

"This monk..."

Jingze is speechless.

I am speechless towards Jin Deng.

As promised, monks are compassionate!

This is all a lie...

They are just two dragonborn aged 1 year old and 7 months old.

Two little dragonborn babies. What evil intentions could they have?





Chapter 1710 Great Mercy


Eighty-eight vajra pestles. They are as powerful as missiles with explosive destructive power. They fly all over the sky and turn into golden streamers, dragging long qi.

Jingze knows. This is the purifying Buddha light that comes with the vajra. As long as ordinary people touch a little of it, they will immediately have the idea of immediately becoming a Buddha and abandoning all distracting thoughts. There is only peace in the heart, no war.

If there were only one or a few Vajra, he and Yan might be able to deal with it. But the eighty-eight Vajra greatly superimposes the power of purifying the Buddha's light. If it is hit, the result is really hard to say.

These vajra pestles are refined from the most holy relics in the most holy body of Buddhism in the past dynasties. The blessings on them are filled with extraordinary magic power. The effect is extraordinary.

And "purifying Buddha's light" is also the basis of every Buddhist magic. After all, what Buddhists emphasize is "compassion." The existence of purifying Buddha's light is to kill the will to fight. Let you be enveloped by Buddha's light and have no temper at all.

Of course Jingze couldn't let Jin Deng get what he wanted.

He carefully guarded the vajra behind him. At the same time, he quickly locked his breath on the vajra flying in front of him.

"Exploding Star" Jingze shouted. There was a snap. The familiar sound of snapping fingers came from the diamond glove on Jingze's hand. He locked his breath on multiple flying vajra pestles at the same time and clicked his fingers to detonate them.

Stars suddenly appeared in the void. Then there was a huge explosion sound. A chaotic atmosphere was generated from inside the vajra and then exploded directly. More than a dozen vajra were blown up on the spot.

However, there were too many vajra pestles. With each other alternating to cover their advance, Jingze was unable to clear all the vajra pestles at once.

The monk's face remained calm. His gaze fell lightly on the diamond glove on Jingze's hand.

The exclusive Dragonborn Chaos Weapon is indeed extraordinary. If it weren't for his numerical advantage, I'm afraid his vajra would have been neutralized by just a few snaps of his fingers.

This is the power of the third-level sequence: annihilation level chaos device.

However, it is not completely without shortcomings.

The power of the Diamond Glove is unparalleled, but it cannot attack on a large scale. It is a type of magic weapon for precision strikes.

The monk had been on guard when Jingze took out the diamond gloves.

This was the glove that sent Li Xian into the intensive care unit with just two snaps of his fingers. There was no way he wouldn't be on guard.

And when he was prepared, the impact of the diamond gloves on Jin Deng was actually not that big.

Because he has already become one with this boundless Buddhist court.

If you want to destroy him, you must destroy this supreme world together.

And this supreme world called the Infinite Buddha Courtyard is a pure land of bliss that has been condensed and inherited by the sages of Buddhism throughout the ages through their own cultivation. How can it be destroyed so easily?

Jingze felt that his diamond gloves were about to burst into flames. But when faced with the eighty-eight vajra pestles that were about to attack him, although some of them had already been dealt with, the efficiency of using only diamond gloves to deal with them was really too low.

At this moment, he felt the ground shaking behind him. The depths of this golden pure land of bliss began to riot. There was the sound of huge floods. Endless hot magma overflowed and poured out from the surface.

"Monk, don't bully him!" Yan? shouted.

The monk was a little stunned by this scene. The Dragonborn's power was greater than he imagined. He could actually change the environmental structure in other people's supreme world and create a terrain that was beneficial to him.

This is difficult for ordinary cultivators to do.

And because the monk has turned on the "Swastika", I can be sure that this is not an illusion. It is a real red tide!

The monstrous red magma erupted from the ground, carrying an astonishing power and murderous aura. It was like the endless blood pouring out of the crack in the door in the movie The Shining.

And in this monstrous magma, the monk heard the sound of iron chains clanking!

Monstrous red magma erupted from the ground, bringing with it an astonishing power and murderous aura, just like the scene in the movie "The Shining" where endless blood and water came pouring out of a doorway.

It's hard to imagine that such a huge thing could be the Dragonborn Chaos Device of such a little girl.

Burning Sky Chain Hammer!

The most powerful magical weapon that reaches the fourth level of light in the Chaos Sequence!

Wu Xin had mentioned it to Jingze before. But when he actually saw such a light weapon being sacrificed by Yan?, he still had an unreal feeling.

"Boom!"

A large area of fire pillars erupted, rising from the ground of the Infinite Buddhist Courtyard. Behind the eyes appeared countless virtual images of flaming creatures. Firebirds, fire horses, fire leopards...Densely packed flaming creatures filled the horizon. Running toward Charge forward and kill.

They were completely unafraid of life and death and rushed towards the remaining Vajra.

The number of these thousands of troops far exceeded the monk's Vajra. In an instant, a certain area of the infinite Buddhist court was turned into a sea of fire.

The purifying Buddha light of the vajra had limited power to compete with these flaming creatures before it was close to its destination. The power of purification turned these magma creatures summoned by the Sky-Burning Chain Hammer into bubbles and steam.

However, the number of these creatures was too great. They came like a flood. While the monk's vajra was delayed, Jingze's snapping of his fingers did not stop.

Not long after, all eighty-eight vajra pestles were destroyed.

"It's actually a Chaos Artifact of the Light Sequence..." This Chain Hammer of Burning Heaven was more than the monk had expected, and he hadn't even realized that this relatively weak-looking little girl had such a Chaos Artifact of Sequence Level 4 in her hands.

Boom!

Several gorillas with their bodies burning in flames rushed towards him. They could be as tall as ten feet. They were flexible and attacked from behind, trying to sneak attack on the monk.

Jin Deng didn't look at it. He just folded his hands and recited Buddhist scriptures silently. A golden light spread from the lotus sitting under him in all directions.

In just a moment, these flame orangutans were shaken into flying ashes!

At the same time, the monks are clearing the place, trying to restore order to the supreme world.

The large area of the sea of fire was subsided. However, there was always a small area burning with flames. This surprised the monk. He had never encountered a chaos device of the light sequence. Now he witnessed it with his own eyes in the hands of a Dragonborn. I also feel a bit overwhelmed.

It can only be said that the Chaos Device of the Light Sequence is too overbearing. It is like a ray of light that cannot be dispelled. As long as it shines on a world, it will never dissipate.

At this time, Jin Deng closed his eyes.

Things have reached this point. In addition to using 100% of his strength, it doesn't look good enough. He also has to come up with something bottom-line to respond.

Buzz!

The next moment.

Three groups of Buddha fire appear in the past, present and future.

Lingering around Jin Deng.

This is what he gained through enlightenment after going through reincarnations.

It is also one of the strongest trump cards in his hand!

I just don’t know which one is stronger or weaker compared to this light weapon.

"There is no end to the sea of suffering. Turning back is the end." Before activating the Buddha's fire, he sent a voice in the supreme world. He gave the final warning to the two dragon descendants, Yan? and Jingze.





Chapter 1711 If I don’t go to hell, who will?


The Buddha's light was blazing, filling the entire supreme world in an instant.

Facts have proved that Jingze still underestimated the monk's own fighting power. In the long history, there has never been one person among the sages of Buddhism who can combine the past, present and future three Buddha fires into one body.

His heart trembled. He no longer dared to be careless. He always maintained a dignified look, full of vigilance.

Monk Jin Deng is sitting on the Buddha lotus. Three groups of Buddha fire appear around him and circle around him. The Dharma is solemn and unparalleled.

At the same time, virtual images of Buddha and Bodhisattva appeared all over the sky behind him. They appeared behind him like a mirage. They all stared at Jingze and Yan in front of them with a casual look.

"Monk, is this all you can do?" Jingze said. He didn't move, but Jin Deng was surprised.

He originally thought that except for Wang Ling, Wang Nuan, almost no one in the world could still speak or move under the gaze of countless Buddhas and Bodhisattvas.

This is already the overwhelming pressure brought by the entire Infinite Buddha Court.

I didn't expect that the dragonborn in front of me could bear it.

Briefly surprised, Jin Deng once again began to lecture: "The Eternal Dragon Clan once dominated the world. They are the strongest existence in the universe."

"Heh. It seems that you are not confused, monk. You know that we are powerful."

Jingze sneered. He crossed his arms and said, "Yan and I have not inherited 100% of the power of the dragon. Now we have only activated 50% of the power. If it were 100%, I can deal with you alone." "

"Winning or losing the battle is not the key. What the poor monk wants to tell you is, as the successor of the Eternal Dragon Clan, how does it feel to be enslaved by others. Is it comfortable?" the monk said.

"Being under someone else's roof?"

Jingze laughed again: "We dragonborn have never felt like we were dependent on others. We just used each other."

In fact, he and Yan? both have contracts. The current employment relationship with Bai Zhe is indeed based on the Baobai Group.

Bai Zhe naturally knows this very well.

Since they are the successors of the Dragons, it's not that easy to completely enslave them, so the best way to do it is to sign a mercenary relationship with the premise of restoring the Dragons, and let the revived Dragons become their own workers before the Dragons are completely restored.

This was Bai Zhe's original plan.

As for the resurrected dragon descendants, they have to learn a lot of modern knowledge. To survive in the modern cultivation society, it is inevitable to affiliate with a modern enterprise.

So in Jingze's view.

There is no slavery at all here.

The treatment of all Dragonborn in Baobai is extremely good. There is no overtime, no 996, and there will be no sudden death due to the leader PUA working overtime. Even every resurrected Dragonborn can get a core world of his own as a fiefdom.

This kind of treatment seems fair to Jingze.

And what they want to do is just kill a few people in their spare time.

Dragons are good at fighting. This attribute is engraved in their bones and will naturally not disappear.

"There are many choices. You don't have to choose this path." Monk Jin Deng sat on the Buddha lotus and spoke sincerely.

He originally tried to persuade the two lost dragonborn, but found that they had fallen into too deep, and seemed to have regarded Bai Zhe's side as the truth of the universe.

"Monk, no matter how much you say, I dare to ask, do you have the means to revive our brothers and sisters one by one using only the complete dragon skeleton?"

"No." The monk shook his head and told the truth.

Because he really does not have such incredible means. Originally, spells such as resurrection were not a monk's specialty.

After all, his professional skills are: consecration, helping people reincarnate, and physical salvation.

Hearing this, Jingze smiled: "You can't. But Mr. Bai can. As far as we Dragonborn are concerned, he is currently the only truth in this vast universe."

"But there is not only one way to the truth. The people I know also grasp this truth." The monk says, in response to what Jingze has just said. He has already tried his best to hint at the existence of the Wang Ling, but Jingze and Yan seem to have recognized Bai Zhe, and no matter what he says, the two dragons seem unmoved.

"Someone you know? A monk who brags?" Jingze laughed.

"Monks don't lie." Jin Deng shook his head and said patiently, "You have been deceived too much."

"It's not certain who was deceived."

Everything was as the monk thought. Jingze didn't believe what he said at all: "As you said, monk, there is more than one truth. Killing you is also the truth."

Negotiation failed.

Jin Deng sighed secretly.

Under this situation, there seems to be no room for negotiation.

Boom!

The next moment, Jingze took action again. He finally took out the black umbrella from behind, held it up, and threw it into the air!

The black umbrella rotates. It has an unimaginable ability. It buzzes and forms a huge black hole in the sky.

In just an instant, the entire golden Buddha light in the supreme world was absorbed by the black umbrella in the sky.

The situation once again surprised Jin Deng. He did not expect that the black umbrella Jingze was carrying on his back was actually a chaos device at sequence level three. And its ability was to absorb the core world for his own use!

In an instant, he could feel that the vast and boundless Buddhist court was gradually shrinking at a faster pace.

"Monk, you are one with the Infinite Buddha Court. If the Infinite Buddha Court is swallowed by me, you will definitely die." Jingze said. Originally, he did not want to expose the power of Black Umbrella, but the monk's repeated advice angered him.

He believes that the truth he chooses will not go wrong. He will not believe that the dragons are at the mercy of others. They are just performing their own work. They are not "slaves" as the monk said.

The Wuliang Buddhist Courtyard was being eaten away bit by bit. Jingze originally thought that the monk would compete with the three groups of holy Buddha fires he sacrificed. But Jin Deng's next choice was far beyond his expectation.

Because the monk sitting on the Buddha lotus in front of him actually extinguished these three groups of holy Buddha fires.

"Monk, what are you doing? You know you are outmatched, so you give up the resistance?" Faced with Jin Deng's choice, Jingze was extremely puzzled.

He spoke provocatively, trying to irritate Jin Deng. However, the monk remained calm and calm.

Monk Jin Deng put his hands together, his tone flat: "Ancient Buddha cut his flesh to feed the eagle, my side of the infinite Buddha court and count for nothing. If the death of the poor monk, can let you two find the real truth, the poor monk dies without regret."

"Monk, resist me! Resist! I don't want you to lose to me like this! You are humiliating me!" Jingze roared.

However, once the God-Eating Umbrella was opened, even he could not stop it. Seeing the countless Buddhist temples being gradually eaten away, Jingze felt very uncomfortable.

He originally wanted a fierce battle to gain experience for himself. But at the end of the battle, Jin Deng actually planned to let him devour him without any resistance. This was a great humiliation for the bellicose dragon clan members. !Unprecedented humiliation!

Before the last moment when the Wuliang Buddhist Courtyard was eaten away by the "God-Eating Umbrella."

Monk Jin Deng raised his head and told Jingze the last words: "My lord, Wang Ling, will give you the answer."

A Buddha named Wang Ling?

When Jingze heard this, he was stunned for a moment.





Chapter 1712 Extra scapegoat


The instant the Monk Jin Deng's breath disappeared, Wang Ling, Wang Ying, and the Death Heavenly Dao sensed it almost at the same moment.

This fearless spirit of sacrificing oneself to save the world is in line with the monk's usual style. It's just that he throws this mess back on himself. It makes Wang Ling a little unhappy.

He did not kill the two dragonborns. He chose to be swallowed by the "God-Eating Umbrella". He wanted the two dragonborns to realize the importance of freedom, instead of being willing to bear the identity of the dragons and take responsibility for the unknown evil people.

As for whether Jingze and Yan can finally realize their enlightenment. Wang Ling himself doesn’t know very well. The only thing he knows is.

If these two dragons found him in the end, and since his attack was neither light nor heavy, they would probably die.

"Monk Jin Deng's situation is more complicated. It can't be said that he is completely dead. He is just dying." Death Heavenly Dao said.

According to the last information provided by Monk Jin Deng. Wang Ling, Wang Ying and Death Heavenly Dao received a lot of intelligence information.

"On his deathbed? In other words, he is not dead yet?" Wang Ying asked.

"Well. That God-Eating Umbrella at sequence level three has the ability to devour the core world. It can also use the core world's abilities for its own use. But I don't know why. The dragonborn named Jingze has just swallowed Jin. The core world of Monk Deng has not been digested yet." Death Heavenly Dao said.

"In other words, if there is no digestion, as long as the black umbrella is broken, the undigested core world will be automatically released, and the monk will be able to come back together, right?" Wang Ying said.

"Theoretically, that's true." Death Heavenly Dao nodded. The expression on his face was a little worried: "These two dragon descendants are not bad, even if the monk of Jin Deng did not give up resistance in the end, it is also a bitter fight. Even the monk is still like this, the rest of the people if you run into ... is certainly a situation of life or death."

"I think there is no need to be so pessimistic. The only way to prevent such a situation from happening is to be prepared."

"What preparation?"

Just as Death Heavenly Dao was talking to Wang Ying, Wang Ling showed off the mountain of Talisman in his King's Eyes space.

Death Heavenly Dao recognized it almost at a glance: "Death Talisman?"

He remembers that when this was last done to save Sun Rong, his brother Heavenly Dao of Life was treated as a drudgery substitute for the painting, but fortunately, the Sun Rong girl was quickly rescued and did not continue to be affected by the power of the curse.

However, the number of extra talismans has reached more than 1.7 million. Now they are piled up in the King's Eyes of Wang Ling.

If it is used for cash, Wang Ling will become the richest person in the world.

"So Ling Zhenren means..."

"That's right. The Lord has bound these many death talismans to everyone related to him to ensure that they will not be affected by this incident."

Wang Ying laughed: "If these resurrected people know nothing about my Lord's ability, they will also have an additional memory erasure effect. They will forget the memory of the period before and after their death. They will treat everything as if it never happened. pass."

More than 1.7 million death talismans...

Death Heavenly Dao held his forehead. Immediately he couldn't help laughing.

He is a professional Heavenly Dao.

Never laugh.

Unless I can't help it...

But this is so funny!

More than 1.7 million lives...

Even if these two dragonborn are strong enough to turn people into ashes with one palm, they must be scolded if they can face people who are constantly resurrected and reorganized with death talismans, right?

And these death talismans. Although they were made by the surviving Heavenly Dao, in fact the materials used to make Talisman were all enlightened by Wang Ling. And after the death talismans were completed, they were used by Wang Ling inspired a wave of enlightenment.

Double strengthened scapegoat. Resurrection of anyone you want! And unstoppable!

No matter what method the other party uses, it cannot be interrupted!

...

On the other side, the "demon mirror" trio composed of Er Ha, Xiang Yi, and Qin Zhong also received the message that the monk had gone to "Before Dying" at the same time.

"Can this really make those two baby dragons wake up?" Xiang Yi expressed doubts about what Monk Jin Deng did.

"Maybe it will be useful." Qin Zhong said.

After all, among the Eternals, excluding Dao Ancestor Wang, apart from Peng Xiren, only Monk Jin Deng has the most seniority. Monk Jin Deng chose to do this. There must be a reason for doing so.

But what he was more worried about was the crazy revenge of the two dragonborn.

This race is warlike by nature. This behavior of the monk is a shame to them.

"Actually, I'm not afraid of fighting. What I'm afraid of is that they won't come. The death talismans on the commander's side are ready. There are more than 1.7 million in total!" Er Ha replied firmly. It is also synchronized here. News about the arrangement of the "Substitute Death Talisman" has been received. This gives it a high degree of confidence. At least it can relax and do trouble in the next actions. There is no need to worry about life and death.

"Hahaha. As expected of Ling Zhenren. He has his own way of doing things!" Qin Zhong laughed.

At this time, the three of them had arrived below the cadre apartment building of Yue Weizhi, where Gu Shunzhi lived. They came to verify Gu Shunzhi's identity, and they all had a vague sense of foreboding.

Wei Zhi was not at home when he opened the door. Gu Shunzhi who came to open the door was no different from usual. His face was full of smiles and his expression was bright and sunny: "You are here? Come in quickly!"

You can't see any difference from the outside.

But even without the beauty mirror, Qin Zhong had already felt something strange. He felt that something was wrong with Gu Shunzhi's state. This was an indescribable feeling. It could also be said to be Qin Zhong's sixth sense.

And when he quickly took out the beauty mirror and placed it in front of Gu Shunzhi's face, Gu Shunzhi's face in the mirror became distorted almost instantly.

"Good family man ... not really ..." Qin Zhong exclaimed.

At the same time, Gu Shunzhi's mind epidemic also quickly pushed Qin Zhi away: "Damn it!"

He didn't think that he would be found out even though he had been lurking so well, and he hadn't even warmed up this body!

"Don't come over here!"

Facing the threat of the Er Ha, Qin Zhong, as well as Xiang Yi, snapped, quickly ah! Sword fingers together, against his throat: "If you come over, I do not guarantee the lives of your friends!"

He is so threatening.

However, Er Ha, Qin Zhong and Xiang Yi all looked cold.

The two of them looked at each other for a moment. Then Xiang Yi took out a pistol version of the Nine Sun Divine Sword from his waist. He aimed it at Gu Shunzhi's head and shot him with a bang!

It only took a moment. Gu Shunzhi's brain and blood flew away. He lay in a pool of blood...

The thought plague that invaded Gu Shunzhi's body never imagined that these people would be so ruthless to their friends.

The host's body dies. As a host, the host naturally withers away very quickly...

In fact, not long after the Thought Plague completely withered, the tissue fluid flowing on the ground quickly returned to Gu Shunzhi's head at a speed visible to the naked eye.

This is the correct use of the scapegoat!

Gu Shunzhi frowned. He lay on the ground. He felt a little pain in his head. After rubbing his head, he got up from the ground.

This time. It's really Gu Shunzhi.

He felt like he had just had a nightmare.

He felt like someone had shot him in the head.





Chapter 1713 A simple and crude identification method!


"I didn't expect that Brother Xiang Yi's Nine Sun Divine Sword actually has a pistol version." Qin Zhong said in surprise.

"Times have changed. You always need to prepare more." Xiang Yi wiped the Nine Sun Divine Sword (pistol version) on his hand. He smiled and said: "In addition to the pistol version, I also have the assault rifle, shotgun, assault rifle, and gatling versions. These guns are made from the same material as the main sniper, but they don't have the same range or intelligence as the main sniper, so there are pros and cons to each."

It can be seen that the power of Xiang Yi's Nine Sun Divine Sword is indeed amazing. Needless to say, the power of the main sniper. But the pistol version alone can directly kill Gu Shunzhi with a headshot. This is already very incredible.

After all, Gu Shunzhi is also an orderly person assigned by Heavenly Dao. Who knew he would be so disrespectful.

It can only be said that Gu Shunzhi is not strong enough at this stage. Secondly, the thought plague lurking in Gu Shunzhi's body thinks he is well disguised and has no defense against them.

"I can't believe you're here today."

Looking at the scene of Gu Shunzhi crawling up from the ground with his head covered, Qin Zhong couldn't help but laugh secretly, he came to this timeline when Gu Shunzhi hadn't been assigned to his universe yet.

He got up from the ground and cast a spell to calm his thoughts. At a glance, Gu Shunzhi saw Xiang Yi, Qin Zhong and the green Er Ha standing in front of him.

"Brother Gu, you have been tricked." Er Ha said.

It put the dog's paw on Gu Shunzhi's shoulder. In an instant, Gu Shunzhi knew everything that was happening.

"I was not careful."

He sighed. Then he looked at Xiang Yi and Qin Zhong in front of him.

Gu Shunzhi knew the origins of the two of them, especially the origins of Qin Zhong. He had already figured it out clearly.

But who would have thought that a future subject of his training would actually return to the previous world line to look back at his own joke, which makes Gu Shunzhi's heart slightly unhappy, but he did not directly show it, now the enemy in front of the guns are unanimously outside.

As for other matters, we can only settle the accounts later.

Oh...

After he receives the mission to go to the tenth universe, he must let Qin Zhong see what Heavenly Dao means...

"I've met you all."

He bowed and then took the initiative to extend his hand. Xiang Yi was enthusiastic and quickly stepped forward to shake it.

Qin Zhong turned his attention, pretended that he hadn't seen it. He chatted with Er Ha about the Thought Plague: "I didn't expect that the Thought Plague could even invade the Order easily. The situation looks very strange."

"..."

Gu Shunzhi's mouth twitched when he heard these words. He took back the hand he planned to hold with Qin Zhong.

Although it sounds like there is nothing wrong with it, Gu Shunzhi feels that there is something strange about it.

Such a needle-point confrontation could only make Er Ha sweat a little: "After all, it is a link in the Old Dominator system. An eternal creature. It is not surprising to have such an ability. The top priority now is to confirm the identity. The personnel are too scattered now." If we check them one by one, we may not have enough time."

After saying this, everyone at the scene fell silent for a moment.

"I have an idea." Gu Shunzhi said at this time: "It's possible. It's a little violent."

Er Ha: "What can I do?"

Gu Shunzhi: "Send an announcement. Invite all core members of the Office of Strategic Deception here."

Er Ha: "Meet here?"

Gu Shunzhi: "Then enter the door and kill them with one shot."

Qin Zhong: "..."

I have to say that in Qin Zhong’s opinion, this method is very consistent with Gu Shunzhi’s style.

Anyway, it has something to do with the existence of the death talisman. These people with the thought plague will never react when faced with a sudden attack. The specific treatment method can imitate the way he fell in a pool of blood before. Because the host's body dies. The mind plague person It will also wither. After withering, the death talisman can just activate the resurrection mechanism.

Xiang Yi trembled when he heard this: "So Senior Gu wants me to offend the entire Office of Strategic Deception by myself..."

He is just a new guest. He has just joined the Office of Strategic Deception a few days ago. He is about to blow everyone's head... He is not a devil...

Gu Shunzhi: "Brother Xiang's words are wrong. Special times naturally require special treatment. I believe that other brothers in the Office of Strategic Deception will not blame Brother Xiang if they know what happened. It is just a reset of the core members of the Office of Strategic Deception for everyone. It's just work."

Xiang Yi: "..."

I don’t know why. No matter how he listens to it, he feels a bit unreliable...

At this time, Er Ha seemed to have thought of something: "Speaking of which, I remember whether the Nine Sun Divine Sword has the ability to automatically lock the enemy's headshot remotely?"

Xiang Yi had a bad feeling: "Yes, yes. Just provide relevant photos..."

Er Ha: "That would be better. If this method is used, it is better to shoot the head directly remotely. If everyone is gathered together to open the door to kill. I think it may make them wary. In case of this Someone among us has been invaded. I'm afraid the plan will be exposed directly."

"Is this really going to happen..." Xiang Yi was still a little scared.

"The situation is urgent. If we check one by one, the efficiency will be too low." Er Ha sighed. Half floating in the air, he patted Xiang Yi on the shoulder and said, "The next step will be left to you, Brother Xiang."

Xiang Yi: "But I need their photos..."

Gu Shunzhi immediately said: "The archives at the backend of the Office of Strategic Deception contain one-inch and two-inch ID photos of all core members, including their profile photos."

Er Ha nodded: "Then please prepare this assassination list."

Xiang Yi: "???"

God, their assassination list!

Sure enough, he still told the truth!

...

On the other side, the goals of Wang Ling, Wang Ying, and Heavenly Dao are also very clear. After deciding to use the remaining scapegoats from the last time to all the people in the Office of Strategic Deception as insurance, He also immediately set out to search for the little girl Chen Xiaomu who was invaded by the Thought Plague.

According to Wang Ling's judgment, the thought plaguer in Chen Xiaomu's body should be a mother body. Or an important component related to the mother body. At least it was separated from the first wave of the mother body.

If we could find Chen Xiaomu, we might be able to follow the clues and directly find traces of the mother's body.

Because of the relationship between Chen Xiaomu's parents who were resurrected before. Wang Ling took advantage of the two of them not paying attention and pulled out a hair of each of them. The two hairs were genetically compared through the "Big Blood Source Technique". Then Carry out genetic tracking.

Soon, Chen Xiaomu's coordinates converged into a flashing red dot in the huge universe map in Wang Ling's mind, and continued to expand inside.

According to the intelligence information provided by the hospital, Chen Xiaomu disappeared after being sent to the hospital together.

Wang Ling thought that the thought plaguer who had invaded Chen Xiaomu's body would go to Baobai Group to report the situation.

But the moment the positioning coordinates in my mind gradually became clear.

His spirit suddenly froze.

"This coordinate..."

Wang Ling whispered in a low voice. Death Heavenly Dao happened to hear: "Ling Zhenren. What's wrong with the coordinates?"

Wang Ying, who was holding his arms beside him, also frowned: "This coordinate is at Miss Rong's villa. But I can't figure it out. After it invaded Chen Xiaomu's body, what did it do there?"





Chapter 1714 The gardener of the Sun Rong family


It is still 8 pm on December 26th. A full 4 hours have passed since Jin Deng returned to the real world with Sun Rong in the "Mountain of Recall", upgrading Aohai to a nine-core spirit sword.

In 4 hours, too many things happened. The emergence of the Thought Plague caused the entire Songhai City to be shrouded in a layer of haze.

Sun Rong was obediently staying in her room with her nine-core Aohai in hand. Not long after, Aunt Qiu, the head maid who had been serving Sun Rong, knocked on the door and entered with a tray. There was a pot of fresh brew on the tray. Good hand-ground coffee, two sugar cubes and a cup of fresh milk.

"Miss, won't you go out for a walk today?" Aunt Qiu asked. Seeing Sun Rong staying at home and looking out the window, she felt something was wrong. A feeling of worry could not help but arise in her heart.

"It's okay, Aunt Qiu." Sun Rong smiled and said, "Just put the coffee on the table. I'll drink it later."

Naturally, she had her own reasons for choosing to stay indoors.

Now Aohai has upgraded to a nine-core spirit sword. She is worried that using it at will may hurt other unrelated people.

Of course. The most important point is that Wang Ling seems to prefer that she not go anywhere. It is best to stay at home. This can also avoid unnecessary trouble...

But today's day is very special. It's obviously Wang Ling's birthday.

When she thought of the embarrassing scene when she visited the Wang family s cottage earlier, a few blushes could not help but rise on her cheeks again. Ah ... She had obviously gone to wish Wang Ling a happy birthday! In the end, she only delivered the crispy noodles, and she didn't even have time to send a word of blessing.

After returning from the Mountain of Retrospection, the more Sun Rong thought about it, the more strange it became, so she began to sit in front of the desk and stare at the scene outside the window with a lost face, while the smartphone on the desk was tuned to the message editing page...

She originally typed a long string of words, but she felt that it was a bit too wordy as a birthday wish, so she deleted it again.

So now Sun Rong is holding her head and getting into trouble again.

Because if you are sending text messages...

She felt that this was a bit too insincere.

Thoughts were wandering in her mind. As a result, Aunt Qiu just opened the door and walked in. She suddenly came back to her senses.

At this moment, when she looked out the window, she saw a maid coming in from the front yard with a little girl in a red dress.

"Aunt Qiu, why is there a little girl in the yard? Which family's child is this?" Sun Rong asked.

"I was just about to talk to the lady about this." Aunt Qiu replied: "This is the girl of the gardener Zhang San's family. I heard she's from the countryside and has never been to the city, but she wants to take a look around this time."

"But I remember Uncle Zhang wasn't..."

"You're right Miss, Zhang San is not fertile. However, when he was young, he saved some sperm, which he heard was for the purpose of finding a rich woman who could fancy him and sell it. In the end, he really waited for one."

Aunt Qiu talked freely about the employee gossip: "It is said to be a blond foreign woman named Mariana. Her family runs a winery. She is very rich. Through big data comparison, we finally found Zhang San's sperm bank. data."

"So this little girl was born to that foreign woman named Mariana?"

"Not really. The situation is more complicated." Aunt Qiu said, "Mariana was unwilling to be a pregnant woman in order to maintain her figure, so she found a surrogate."

"Surrogacy!? But isn't this illegal?"

"It's illegal, yes. But Zhang San, isn't he an outlaw?"

"..."

"I heard that when the girl was just 7 months pregnant, Mariana didn't want her anymore and said she would abort her. She felt that the birth of the baby would jeopardize her career."

Aunt Qiu sighed and said, "So, soon after the child was born, she was taken to China and has been taken care of by Zhang San and his parents. She was a poor girl, to say the least."

After hearing the whole story, Sun Rong was shocked.

She didn't know why. She always felt that this story sounded a bit familiar. It was very similar to the material extracted from the real world. It was also full of twists and turns and bizarreness. It was breathtaking and at the same time shattered.

It is illegal to find someone to bear children on your behalf. In the middle of the process, you suddenly regret and want to abort the child. It is really speechless. When the child is born, you do not plan to raise it and try every means to separate the relationship. This fully reflects the scumbag.

Facts have proven that scum does not distinguish between men and women.

The good and evil of human nature can never be divided by gender, let alone inferred by thinking. Because human nature is a deep pool of water. You will never know how deep the deepest water is.

"Speaking of which, why does Aunt Qiu know so many things..." Sun Rong took a sip of coffee and showed a bit of a melon expression.

"Hey, our employees in the yard don't have any little secrets. And this is what Zhang San said himself. It's not like we are nosy." Aunt Qiu said: "Miss is just waking up. We'll take care of this little girl and she won't disturb you. She will be sent away in a few days."

"good..."

In fact, Sun Rong is still a little confused so far.

Because this story is too bizarre and tortuous. It sounds like that's what happened, but it doesn't feel like it's true.

After the head maid left, she looked at the little girl running around in the yard. She suddenly imagined in her heart whether she would have such a day...

"What are you thinking about, Rongrong?" At this time, Sun Ying'er popped up her head again and couldn't help laughing: "Are you thinking... If you and Wang Ling have a child in the future..."

Before she could finish her words, her mouth was immediately covered tightly by Sun Rong: "What nonsense are you talking about again, Ying'er! I...I didn't think that..."

"Hey hey hey. What you say is not what you mean!" Sun Ying'er was very happy in her heart.

She just likes to see Sun Rong look so shy that she wants to find a crack to slip in.

Sun Rong looked at Sun Ying'er's smug look, and couldn't help but retaliate: "You're still talking about me...you yourself are still the same...you go out every night and hang out with Mr. Ying, so it's not likely that you'll come back one day and your belly will be bigger..."

"I...I didn't!" Sun Ying'er snorted: "Who wants to have sex with him! He is a gangster! A pervert! A disciple! A bastard! I will never like him in my life. ! This is all forced! Forced! Forced feelings are useless! Moreover, I will not have any affair with him..."

Sun Rong didn't expect Sun Ying'er's reaction to be so big. She shouted excitedly. Sun Rong wanted to speak to make Sun Ying'er calm down a little. But the next second, her voice became louder. And it stopped.

Because Wang Ling, Wang Ying and Death Heavenly Dao. suddenly flashed into her room.

At this time, Wang Ying grabbed Sun Ying'er's chin and smiled coldly: "You... say it again?"





Chapter 1715 Everything is ready


Suddenly her chin was pinched by a familiar hand. Sun Ying'er was frightened out of her wits on the spot. She thought about it in her mind. She almost thought of the scene where she was tortured by Wang Ying in the universe at eight o'clock in the evening.

This is a typical misfortune that comes from the mouth. Sun Ying'er did it more than once. So when Wang Ying pinched her chin, he looked very angry on the surface, but actually he was very happy in his heart.

He always felt that Sun Ying'er did it on purpose. She deliberately angered him in order to continue doing that kind of thing with him.

"So. Are you trying to refuse but still welcome?" He stared at Sun Ying'er. There was a hint of depth in his eyes.

Sun Ying'er's mouth was covered. She didn't dare to move or speak. In her heart, she was cursing and calling Wang Ying a pervert... She actually didn't quite understand why every time a girl said no, thought it was ironic.

After these days of contact with Wang Ying, Sun Ying'er actually knows how to deal with Wang Ying. That is to just scold him behind his back. In fact, it doesn't matter at all.

If you meet someone, just admit it and act coquettishly. Wang Ying won't do anything to her.

So she tried hard to squeeze out a few tears that were swirling in her eyes. She looked at Wang Ying pitifully: "Well. You... hurt me..."

Such a superb performance did not look fake. Wang Ying'er's hand relaxed a little. Seeing Wang Ying give in, Sun Ying'er knew that her plan had succeeded. He quickly changed the subject and said: "Now is not the time to talk about this. ..."

"Heh. I'll take care of you later in the evening." Wang Ying smiled and let go of her hand.

He knew that Sun Ying'er was changing the subject, and it was a common tactic. It was true that he liked to "bully" Sun Ying'er. But recently, Wang Ying discovered that he didn't like Sun Ying'er's pitiful look at all. There is no way.

Especially recently, Sun Ying'er didn't know where he learned the ability to act coquettishly. He has never been able to be ruthless enough to strike hard.

"Wang Ling, Master of Shadows and Senior Heavenly Dao. Why are you here?" Sun Rong asked at this time.

Seeing that the atmosphere around her was beginning to become a little stiff, she could only speak out to help change the topic.

Of course. The main reason is to stop Wang Ying and Sun Ying'er from openly flirting in front of her and Wang Ling.

Yes...

In Sun Rong's opinion, isn't this just proper flirting!

She and Wang Ling have made no progress at all!

But she was so envious...

Wang Ling: "..."

The scene was quiet for about a few seconds. Heavenly Dao, who was wearing a 60 High School guard uniform, finally cleared his throat and said, "Doesn't Miss Rong feel that something is wrong?"

Sun Rong thought about it carefully. She has been staying at her home. If the only thing that is unusual is the little daughter of the gardener Zhang San that Aunt Qiu mentioned to her before.

"A little girl in a red dress came to the yard downstairs. Aunt Qiu said she was the youngest daughter of our gardener Zhang San. I always felt that something was wrong." She said truthfully.

"That's right. She is what we are looking for." Death Heavenly Dao replied: "This little girl is disguised by the Thought Plague. Her name is Chen Xiaomu. She should have nothing to do with your gardener. I'm afraid the Thought Plague has also taken control of Miss Rong's family. The servants put on a show together."

"So they're trying to... target me?"

"We still don't know what the purpose of this group of thought plaguers is. So we can't alert the snake yet."

Wang Ying continued: "So, we still need you to cooperate with us in this matter."

"Then what should I do?" Sun Rong asked curiously.

"It's simple. Just let us enter your body." Death Heavenly Dao said.

Wang Ling: "..."

He looked serious. But as soon as he finished speaking, Sun Rong's face suddenly turned red.

Maybe he knew that what he said was ambiguous. Heavenly Dao quickly changed his words: "To be precise... it's the Sword Spirit Space. In this case, we can fully guarantee the safety of Miss Rong."

The realm of Sun Rong is not enough. Naturally, it does not have its own core world.

However, now it has the passive ability of "human and sword integration" with Aohai. When Aohai's "Sword Spirit Space" is shared with Sun Rong, its space ability is no less powerful than the normal core world.

Even the "Sword Spirit Space" of the nine-core Aohai is already completely comparable to the "Supreme World!"

Of course Sun Rong knows what death Heavenly Dao means.

With the current power of the nine-core Aohai, the sword spirit space inside it can accommodate three billion people, let alone three people.

She had been protected by Wang Ling and Jin Deng before. She had been to their inherent spiritual realm or core world. But she never thought that one day Wang Ling would also enter hers.

But there is always a first time in life...

Sun Rong has seen many big scenes. Although she was a little surprised by this sudden proposal, she quickly regained his composure.

She wants to help Wang Ling.

And. Never let him down.

With this thought, she released her Aohai sword energy. At the same time, she raised her sword fingers to create a hole in the void. Let Wang Ling, Wang Ying and Death Heavenly Dao enter her sword spirit space. ...

...

On the other side, Chen Xiaomu, who had successfully lurked into Sun Rong's home, thought her plan was perfect. She was sent here by the organization. The original purpose was for surveillance. But later, with the murder of Jin Deng, the organization reached its peak. The plan changed again.

According to reliable intelligence data, this ordinary female cultivator from Earth possesses a total of nine Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cubes... and these nine Rubik's Cubes will be the key elements for their next big plan.

Next. Just find a way to enter Sun Rong's body...

However, Chen Xiaomu knew that it was not that easy to enter Sun Rong's body.

According to the information obtained by the group, Sun Rong's body has been illuminated. Random intrusion may be dangerous.

But the power of the Thought Plague is that in addition to a single invasion, it can also be a team invasion.

This is the method chosen when facing those powerful cultivators.

However, due to the special relationship of Sun Rong, Chen Xiaomu must ensure that this matter is foolproof.

So after being brought to Sun Rong's home, she mobilized her troops. In addition, she used her own methods to infect. More than 95% of the more than 100 servants in Sun Rong's residence were within her control.

Of course, she also carefully kept some of the people who were close to Sun Rong, deliberately not allowing them to be controlled. This was for the purpose of letting Sun Rong relax her vigilance.

And now. Everything is ready...

With many brothers and sisters nearby, more than ninety thought plaguers jointly launched an attack on the same person.

Chen Xiaomu didn't believe that Sun Rong could still run away.





Chapter 1716 Cautious Victim


Controlling Sun Rong is actually just a part of Bai Zhe's plan. Since he laid out the Baobai Group, he has used his stealth advantage in the air to control the overall situation. At the same time, he has developed gene-edited synthetic dragons. His ultimate goal is to play a big game.

In this big game of chess, Sun Rong is a key piece. Therefore, no matter what you say, you must win it.

However, due to his past experience in dealing with Wang Ling, Bai Zhe naturally knew that this man was not that easy to deal with. Therefore, this time, in order to collect the pieces of this big chess game, he made every move extremely cautiously.

Infinite Milky Way. In a cloud-like unknown celestial body that exudes milky white light and is as holy as angel feathers. A faint humanoid outline appears. The beautiful face is coated with a faint moonlight color. The snow-white crystal body is otherworldly. Like the world. Outer gods.

At the end of his tail, there is a slender white dragon tail. When waving, the sky is filled with starlight. It is like a bright moon held by stars, showing its emptiness and peerless elegance.

This is what Bai Zhe looks like now.

He became a consciousness through his own obsession.

Last time, he imagined himself as Yang Shuangji, the younger brother of Monk Jin Deng.

But this time, he transformed into the Moonlight Dragon, one of the three leaders of the dragon clan in the early days of eternity...

Supreme, bright, flawless, sacred...

All holy words are not enough to describe his current state.

Bai Zhe didn't expect that after being insulted by Wang Ling several times, he would reach the point where he is today. He would become the leader of the Dragon Clan in the early days of the Eternal Age.

So he felt like he could do it again.

Feeling invincible.

I feel that I can once again attack Wang Ling... the man who has repeatedly defeated him and hit the bottom.

And this time, he fully learned the lessons from the previous times. Everything has been cautious.

As long as it is a plan that can defeat Wang Ling or even threaten Wang Ling, he will not let go of any of them.

"If we just take this girl named Sun away, I'm afraid she won't be a threat to him." At this time, a familiar voice sounded around Bai Zhe. It was a group of purple foam, flashing with a strange light. Look. It looks like a bunch of floating grapes. It is exactly the current state of Fenmu Shen, which inherited the Chinese and foreign Heavenly Dao tradition of Old Dominator.

"Old Fenmu. I know what you are worried about." Bai Zhe said, with a hint of indifference in his tone.

There is a sworn hatred between the Dragon Clan and the Outer Gods. Logically speaking, there is no such degree of cooperation. However, Bai Zhe is not essentially a member of the Dragon Clan. And Fenmu Shen was not originally from the Old Dominator system.

They have each obtained the power of the two strongest factions in eternity through their own methods. At the same time, they are "victims" of the same person.

As the saying goes, the enemy of my enemy is my friend.

There is absolutely no possibility of cooperation between the Dragon Clan and the Outer Gods.

"He obviously doesn't like this girl. Even if this girl really dies, there won't be any disturbance in his heart. If you do it like this, why not destroy a few more snack shops..." Fenmu Shen suggested.

"I have my own way."

Bai Zhe chuckled. His moonlight-colored outline was otherworldly: "So this time, I am not just targeting him. All the people related to him. I will capture them alive. Use them as pawns..."

"I see. But he is not easy to deal with. The same goes for his sister."

"This time, I am confident enough." Bai Zhe laughed: "I can't wait to see him put on that mask of pain..."

...

Almost at the same moment, Jingze and Yan? received the latest instructions from the group.

That is a list. Their requirement is that the people on the list must be captured alive one by one in the order on the list. No one can be let go.

And on this long list, Jingze set his sights on the last name.

Tired of it? He licked the cone. His pinky little tongue was stained with milky white ice cream. It made people think: "Hmm. What are you thinking about? This person named Wang Nuan. Is there anything strange about his name?"

"Her surname is Wang. It is the same surname as the person monk Jin Deng mentioned." Jingze said.

"But there are so many people named Wang in the world."

"I know." Jingze said: "But this person is listed at the end of the list, and there are special remarks. The organization said that if you feel that you can't beat her, you can just run away. There is no need to compete head-on with this person. It can be said that this is The most special being on this list."

Yan? She laughed out loud: "We have not fully inherited the full power of the dragon's power. It is normal to encounter situations where we are unable to defeat them. There is really no need to compete for the moment."

"But I still want to see what kind of person this is. Since she can be such a special being...is this person related to the Buddha named Wang mentioned by monk Jin Deng... "At this time, Jingze felt confused.

His memory was obviously not bad. However, he had just fought with Jin Deng not long ago. He actually forgot the name he just heard... He only vaguely remembered that the other person's surname was Wang.

So Jingze guessed that maybe the power of some kind of law and order affected this part of his memory.

It can actually drive the law to make the world forget its existence...

It seems that this person is indeed extraordinary. Otherwise, such a method would never be possible.

"Then let's make a quick decision." After a moment, Jingze looked at the long list and took a deep breath.

This list seems to be arranged in order of strength. The organization's requirement is to capture as many people alive as possible. As an excellent worker and breadwinner, he and Yan? will certainly fulfill their mission.

After arresting Guo Hao, Su Xiao, Li Youyue and others...

Jingze and Yan? stood at the door of Chen Chao's martial arts gym.

Although they had restrained their auras, Chen Chao quickly felt a killing intent when the figure appeared.

With a somewhat hesitant expression, Chen Chao put down the stone pier he was using for strength training and pushed the sliding door open.

But I saw a young man in a windbreaker and a little girl neatly dressed standing at the door.

"It's closed now. You have to register for classes tomorrow," Chen Chao said.

Jingze looked at him without sadness or joy: "Sorry. Brave Chen Chao...no. It's Mr. Chen Chao. Now we need you to come with us."

As a dragonborn, they almost habitually call others "brave". This is almost a fixed mindset. They have not changed it until now.

"Ah? Take a trip? Where to go?"

Chen Chao was stunned. He looked at Jingze's face that didn't look like a good person. He was frightened for a while: "You don't want to capture me as a hostage... We don't seem to have any grudges. Why do you want to arrest me?"

Jingze, Yan?: "..."

Chen Chao: "Wait a minute! Are you not cultivators from Earth? Are you aliens?"

Since the opening of cooperation between the Earth and Heavenly Dao, aliens have disguised themselves as human cultivators. There have been many cases of smashing, smashing, and robbing cultivators on Earth...

Chen Chao has seen similar news, so he has concerns.

And Jingze and Yan? were also a little surprised.

Chen Chao asked several questions, and all of them were pretty accurate.

Chen Chao: "You just called me brave... You are not the legendary Dragon people..."

However, Jingze had no intention of letting Chen Chao continue to ask questions. After knocking him out with a chop, he directly took him into his core world.

So many things were revealed all at once. Yan? doesn't even feel like having a cone in her hand anymore.: "What should I do... I really want to kill him..."

"Um..."

Jingze nodded silently: "Me too..."





Chapter 1717 I wish. Life can live up to all those who want to live hard...


Poverty alleviation work in the cultivation world has always been a long and arduous task. There are also many volunteers among the teachers who have participated in poverty alleviation work. For example, Old Gudong is one of them.

Due to the exclusive teleportation array setup, as long as you obtain a volunteer certificate, you can easily use the teleportation array to travel from one city to another. Then use the sword to reach the area that needs help.

Old Gudong has the habit of going to remote areas to teach on a voluntary basis every weekend.

On this day, he carried a box of strawberries with cream to the home of the student he was helping. The simple house was crumbling in the wind, as if it would fall down at any time.

He knows that there are too many people hiding in corners in the world who are stubborn and refuse to ask for help but are in desperate need of help. But it is impossible for him to save them all by himself. So now he can only do one thing: One point. Use your own actions to infect more people.

I only hope that life can live up to all those who want to live hard.

After finishing everything he had done, Old Gudong sighed with emotion.

If possible, he hopes that one day, everyone can have endless strawberries every day...

After leaving the student's humble home, Old Gudong used several reinforced Talisman to coat the crumbling house with a layer of film. He was not ready to leave until the repair work was completed.

Just as he was about to take advantage of his sword and walk away, there was a loud roar in the clear sky. A silver spear struck down and turned into an electric ball that landed precisely in front of him.

Old Gudong reacted very quickly. He took a quick step back almost subconsciously. As a famous epic killer in the killer world, his sword is still young and his reactions are extremely sensitive.

He took a step back and threw a few silver needles in his hand, aiming at the vital parts. He could feel that the other party was evil and had murderous intent, so he didn't have any worries when he took action.

However, these needles stopped in the air before they could get close to the visitor. There was an electromagnetic force barrier that stopped these flying needles.

Old Gudong calmed down and stared at Yan? and Jingze with vigilant eyes.

"Who are you?" He could tell. These two people were not ordinary.

"Are you Wang Zukang?"

Jingze said in a cold voice: "I need you to come with us."

Old Gudong frowned. He couldn't feel the breath of the two people at such a close distance. This was enough to prove how powerful these two people were. Although they looked young, their combat power might indeed be extraordinary.

Whether you resist or escape, there will always be risks. And it may affect the students in the house behind you.

He didn't know what the two people were trying to do with him. But in this situation, he seemed to have no choice: "I can leave with you. But... don't hurt the people in the room behind."

Jingze's face was neither sad nor happy. His voice was cold: "Don't worry. He is not on our list."

"Okay." Old Gudong nodded. Then he felt a change in front of his eyes. It seemed that he was swallowed by a force into another space.

When he opened his eyes, he was already in a cell inside the core world of Jingze. What surprised him even more was that Chen Chao, Guo Hao, Su Xiao, Li Youyue and others were also captured...

"Teacher! Why are you here too!" Everyone was surprised when they saw Old Gudong was also brought in.

"These two people are very strong and I can't deal with them. If they resist stubbornly, I'm afraid they will only die." Old Gudong frowned.

"He caught us all together. What was the purpose? Is it for blackmail? Are we all hostages?" At this time, Su Xiao asked.

"Probably." Old Gudong nodded.

He has never met Jingze and Yan?, and he has never remembered his sins against them. But he was caught here. Therefore, the only possibility is that all the people caught here have a common intersection. And their ultimate goal is probably to use them as a threat.

It's just that Old Gudong still hasn't figured out who this intersection is...

After coming to this conclusion, in the cell, a group of people were thinking.

"This intersection partner should be from our class..." Guo Hao said.

"That's not right. Since I'm in your class, why are you arresting me?" Li Youyue was confused.

"Among the people you know in our class, the person you have the best relationship with is your classmate Sun Rong." Su Xiao said.

"So we were arrested to blackmail Rongrong?" Li Youyue guessed.

Everyone was puzzled. At this moment, Chen Chao suddenly thought of something. He suddenly raised his head and looked at Li Youyue: "Wait a minute! You are in our class. In addition to knowing a few of us and Besides classmate Sun Rong, you should know someone else, right? And last time, we just went to the ancient street together..."

"You said Wang Ling?"

Li Youyue was even more unbelievable: "No way...Classmate Wang Ling...isn't his family poor? Moreover, he is also a harmless mascot. They arrested us to threaten him...what are these robbers are thinking? My classmate Wang Ling doesn’t have anything to give them. Could it be that they just want noodles?"

Obviously the current situation is not the time to joke. But when Guo Hao heard this, he still couldn't help but laugh out loud: "Then we are in a terrible situation. Let's talk about it... If this is really the case, I think Wang Ling will give up on us directly and choose crispy noodles instead."

"+1..." Su Xiao silently raised her hand and agreed with Guo Hao's answer.

"In short, everyone, please stay calm and wait and see what happens. Don't worry, the teacher will definitely protect your safety." Old Gudong said seriously.

Although it is indeed a bit incredible to reason about this matter at present.

But as the conclusion is drawn now, the most likely reason why they were caught here may be because of Wang Ling or Sun Rong.

All along. As the teacher of Wang Ling, Old Gudong has been vaguely aware of it. He feels that Wang Ling is hiding something...

But the two people outside just now were both beings with astonishing combat power. He chose not to resist because he judged that it was impossible for him to escape. He just waited and waited to see what would happen.

If the purpose of arresting them was to threaten Wang Ling into restraining himself...

So what is the true strength of Wang Ling? This is really an intriguing question.

...

After Old Gudong was captured, Teacher Pan was soon arrested too...

All people related to Wang Ling. No one escaped.

Jingze and Yan's methods are clean and neat.

Soon, only the last one was left on their list. A special person named Wang Nuan...

"This is it."

At the entrance of the Wang family's small villa, the two men appeared here again accompanied by a flash of lightning.





Chapter 1718 The clown is actually myself


The night was miserable. The faint moonlight shone on the only building in the Eastern Wilderness. The tiles on the top floor of the Wang family's small villa had a faint white reflection.

To be cautious, Jingze used his spiritual sense to sense the atmosphere in the villa. He found that there was nothing unusual. This was just an ordinary residence for an ordinary cultivator family.

He didn't quite understand why "Wang Nuan" on the list became the object of special treatment. On the surface, there seemed to be nothing unusual about it.

Sitting on the large concrete pipe in the abandoned lot in front of the Wang family's villa, Yan? began to lick popsicles. He looked like he was not interested: "Brother Jingze, you can do it alone, right?"

she asked.

Because it's too ordinary. I feel like I don't need to take action.

"The entrance is right there. I can go alone." Jingze nodded. Then he slowly walked closer and began to knock on the door politely.

As a result, when he was about to strike with the back of his hand, he suddenly noticed that the eyeballs of the goalkeepers in the two paintings hanging in front of the door suddenly moved and were suddenly fixed on his face.

This is the "Guo Shi Wushuang" that Wang Ling previously deployed to reinforce fortifications. One person holds a cannon, while the other holds a Gatling. It is a very fierce firepower combination.

However, facing the pair of hanging paintings, Jingze just curled up the corners of his lips. He couldn't help but laugh out loud: "Interesting. It's such a protective method."

He didn't take these two paintings seriously. He just felt that this kind of defense was very similar to the tactics of children. It was like one of the children in a fight constantly stepping on the other's toes.

Only children are childish enough to step on their toes.

I was about to reach out and uncover these two hanging paintings.

Boom!

In an instant, there was a loud sound of artillery fire. A cannonball as big as a basketball was fired from the hanging painting and suddenly hit Jingze's chest. The huge propulsion force almost immediately took Jingze away.

This power was obviously beyond Jingze's imagination. He didn't have time to react. He dug his feet into the ground and plowed out two deep ravines.

Then in the open space ahead, a tiny mushroom cloud rose from the ground. A big explosion occurred.

At the same time, the old man holding the Gatling painting also opened fire at this moment. Blue sparks splashed out from the painting. In just an instant, thousands of psychic bullets were fired.

These bullets have their own trajectory in the air. They make seven turns and eight circles. Choose the most suitable angle to encircle them in all directions.

This is the "Gatling Gun Fighting Technique". It can accurately lock every vital part of the body, leaving the locked party unable to retreat.

The unparalleled national warriors cooperated tacitly. One person held a cannon and the other held a gun. Under such a tacit attack, fire suppression was formed in a short moment, turning the open space in front of the Wang family's villa into a sea of flames.

"Has everything been resolved..."

A full three minutes passed. The two of them stopped their hands at the same time and looked at the bright fire ahead.

They had sensed deep hostility when Jingze approached before, so they decisively attacked the enemy. They thought they had killed the intruder under the intense fire suppression.

Who would have thought that at this moment, the sound of thunder and thunder suddenly rang out from the sea of fire ahead. Along with a golden thunder falling from the sky, the sea of fire was extinguished in an instant.

There was a golden flash of light dancing on Jingze's body. It was the trace of thunder jumping on his body like a snake.

The bullets fired earlier were densely suspended around him. They were all blocked by an electromagnetic force. Not a single bullet could get close to him.

"How is it possible..."

This time, it was Kokushi's turn to show a quiet and elegant look. They looked at each other and couldn't believe what they were seeing.

This level of attack was more than enough to kill Dao God... They never expected that Jingze could stop him so easily.

"Ancestor level..."

Unparalleled national warriors. The faces of the two little old men holding guns instantly turned pale.

Snap!

While they were stunned, Jingze had already put on his familiar diamond gloves, pointed at the painting on the door, and snapped his fingers.

Instantly, a powerful force of chaos surged out from the hanging painting. It continued in an endless stream, swelling Kokushi's body to the size of a balloon.

Then. Bang! Bang!...

Two sounds came in succession.

"ah..."

Accompanied by heart-rending screams, the two paintings exploded instantly and disappeared completely.

This scene is miserable. Kokushi is completely destroyed by Jingze's diamond gloves. It cracked on the spot.

They tried to struggle, but it was in vain. The configuration given to them by Wang Ling was powerful enough. Unexpectedly, they were still unable to defeat Jingze.

At the same time, the other enlightenment artifacts in the Wang family's villa were also trembling. They could clearly feel how powerful the intruder was this time.

The quiet front of the Wang family's villa was under the influence of two dragonborns at this moment. It was enveloped in an atmosphere full of chilling atmosphere.

Father Wang and Mother Wang were of too low a level and had no idea of such an overwhelming power advantage. However, after hearing the explosions, strange sounds, and the screams of the unparalleled national warriors from outside the villa, they began to feel a little confused.

"What can you do... the father of the house? It seems like there is a very powerful guy at the door." Mother Wang clenched Father Wang's sleeves tightly. His body couldn't help but tremble a little.

Father Wang's throat rolled. He swallowed a gulp of saliva and said, "It's okay... Ling Ling has insured us... It should be fine..." In fact, even Father Wang himself didn't dare to vouch for it. After all, Wang Ling used to be in charge of the Wang family's small villa. But now Wang Ling has gone out to do errands. There is no such a giant Buddha to guard them. The couple will inevitably feel a little flustered.

At this moment, 096, who transformed into a human form, suddenly came from a distance carrying Ah Nuan on her back.

Wang Nuan knew that these two dragonborn seemed to be coming towards her, so she was ready to fight.

"Yiya!" Ah Nuan said.

This time, Lord Ma personally translated for Father Wang and Mother Wang: "Nuan Zhenren said. She wants to join the war."

"Ah Nuan?" Mother Wang looked solemn: "But she is still so young..."

Mother Wang subconsciously opposed it out of consideration from the mother's point of view. In the past, it was fine to have Wang Ling following along to help. But now there are two strong enemies here. And at first glance, they are very difficult to deal with. A ruthless character.

Wang Nuan is still too young...

I was only born a few days ago...

A baby girl who is less than one month old has to fight against two dragonborns. The dragonborns are not nothing.

However, what Mother Wang and Father Wang didn't expect was that Wang Nuan was stubborn and had a strong desire to fight.

Without waiting for Father Wang and Mother Wang to agree, the little girl directly tugged on 096's rabbit ears, commanding 096 to jump out suddenly.

She showed up directly. And her goal was clear. She came directly to Jingze.

The small body sat on 096's shoulders. While 096 sprinted, he stretched out his fleshy little fist.

Jingze immediately laughed. He didn't expect that Wang Nuan on the list was just a baby. And she was also an irritable baby.

As soon as they met, she couldn't wait to jump out and wanted to beat him up.

"Girl, your fist is like cotton. What can you do to me?" He raised the corners of his lips and opened his palms, trying to receive Wang Nuan's punch.

Bang!

Then, at the moment when fist and palm touched, Jingze changed color immediately.

puff!

He was shaken and flew around on the spot. He spurted out a large mouthful of blood. At the same time, his arm could not stop spasming. The pain was excruciating.

Jingze turned pale with shock. It was hard to believe that a baby girl could be so destructive...

And what made him even more unbelievable was...

His Sequence 3 diamond glove...

It actually cracked...





Chapter 1719 Meet the Grand Master!


This is a dragon-born chaos weapon with a sequence level of three. It is called "Immortal Diamond". It is made from the dragon skeleton corresponding to the dragon power he possesses. It can be used in front of this little girl. The power of the fist was difficult to withstand. The gap was opened directly.

Something is wrong...

Jingze was very decisive. He quickly retreated. The golden lightning dragonborn behind him opened up. As it opened, countless thunderbolts fell nearby. He tried to quickly distance himself from Wang Nuan.

However, Wang Nuan's movements were faster than he imagined. As he retreated, he saw the shadows on the ground suddenly erupt. They turned into flexible tentacles that followed at an extremely fast speed.

What ability is this?

He was shocked in his heart. Jingze didn't expect that the flash he created when he opened his Thunder Dragonborn would actually help Wang Nuan. The little girl used her Shadow ability to quickly track him down. But what she captured was his shadow.

An instinctive sense of danger immediately surged into his heart. Especially the moment his shadow was captured by Wang Nuan, Jingze guessed it. Then he felt that his vision went dark and he was taken into a different world.

This is the supreme world unique to Wang Nuan. It is also the supreme world exclusive to Shadow. All the scenes inside are the same as those on the earth. But all the creatures are a black shadow!

The world of shadows?

Jingze was shocked. At the same time, the people who were captured in this world were also Yan? behind him. At this moment, Yan? also had her mouth wide open. She looked at the scene in front of her in disbelief. She was so scared that she dropped the ice cream ball.

No one could have imagined that a baby girl who was barely a month old could be so tyrannical.

"Is this girl a master of the Dao?" Jingze's heart trembled. He felt that the situation in front of him suddenly reversed.

Having the ability to have a great path is not a terrible thing. It is not unusual for a person to have multiple great paths. But if it is the master of the great path who created this path... then you have to weigh it carefully.

"Yan?. We have to leave..."

After a brief thought, Jingze made a decision.

He acted very calmly. He did not hesitate to fight Wang Nuan. As the first dragonborn created, Jingze knew very well how heavy the lifeline of the dragon clan was on his shoulders.

If he had a head-on fight with Wang Nuan here, it was unknown who would win and who would lose. But he felt that it would most likely be a lose-lose situation for both sides.

Now is the critical moment for the Dragon Clan's recovery. He calmly believes that there is no need to fight head-on.

Although running away is a shame for the Dragonborn, if you don't endure the humiliation now, you may never have another chance in the future.

"But..." Regarding Jingze's decision, Yan? muttered. She actually didn't want to run away. She also wanted to fight the baby girl in front of her.

"No but. I hate it. This is the work order from Shangfeng." Jingze responded.

He didn't want to run away, but he didn't want to admit that he was a coward, so he found this excuse.

Among the tasks originally assigned to them by Baobai, Wang Nuan was the most special being.

If something goes wrong, you can choose to evacuate.

This is Wang Nuan's exclusive supreme world. If others were trapped here, there would be no possibility of escape. But they are dragonborn... use the power of the dragon to forcefully open a gap. It can still be done.

"Hey!"

Just about to start, Wang Nuan over there moved faster than them. The little girl rode 096 and used it as a means of transportation. It was obviously just a baby's body, but its maneuverability was amazing.

He and Yan had not yet made any move. In the blink of an eye, Wang Nuan's figure had appeared behind him. The fleshy little fist was hitting his spine.

Jingze's color changed instantly. He could see that this was no ordinary blow. At the same time as the punch was delivered, there was the sound of landslides and tsunamis. The entire shadow world was trembling with a supreme sound of the Dao, mixed with the terrifying sound of the Dao. The power of the Lord!

Before the small fist came, Jingze had already developed a life-threatening pressure. The overwhelming wind of the fist slapped his back, shaking his dragonborn like an umbrella tumbling in the wind. The entire keel could not stop. It fell in the direction of the fist wind. It couldn't even fly!

This baby is so terrifying! She's only less than a month old. She's actually so strong...

Just talk about combat power.

This girl is much stronger than the monks I have seen before.

And he seriously doubted that the Buddha named Wang mentioned by the monk was most likely related to the little girl in front of him.

Why do such outrageous characters appear on earth? Where do they come from?

Jingze was puzzled. The couple in the villa were obviously just ordinary people. How could they give birth to such a powerful earthly cultivator?

Could it be...

Is it related to the legendary mysterious object?

His mind was filled with endless reveries, and many possible guesses suddenly came to mind. Although he was scared, Jingze had to think about it, because considering the subsequent development of the Dragon Clan, if they wanted to regain the Dragon Clan, maybe this girl in front of him and that one The Buddha named Wang may become their biggest obstacle.

Boom!

This punch was like an autumn wind blowing away fallen leaves. It hit his spine firmly. Jingze spit out a large mouthful of blood. However, he did not suffer any serious injuries.

At the critical moment, the black umbrella behind him blocked another blow for him. At the same time, the moment the punch came closer, Yan? spat out lava and instantly built a powerful lava barrier.

Just at the moment of completion, Wang Nuan's punch came almost at the same time, directly piercing the barrier and hitting Jingze.

Although he was still beaten until he vomited blood, at least it still played some protective role.

If it weren't for the barrier of Black Umbrella and Yan?, Jingze suspected that his spine had been broken...

"Yan?. Let's go!"

He shouted loudly, and once again moved away from Wang Nuan. At the same time, he held up the black umbrella behind his back. A chaotic vortex was generated from under his feet.

The God-Eating Umbrella opened a very small opening in this supreme world.

Only the size of a mouse hole.

But Jingze still got in disgustedly without hesitation.

This time, Wang Nuan did not pursue again.

This was the first time she fought against someone with dragon power. She thought she would be a good combat training target. However, Wang Nuan also felt from the previous fight that the power of the two was not fully activated.

So she didn't pursue them. Instead, she planned to give the two of them another chance to grow. It would be a pity if they just played with each other until they died.

After driving away the two dragonborns, Wang Nuan left her supreme world.

At the same time, she also released Zhuo Yi, Zhou Ziyi and Jiugong Liangzi who were protected in his supreme world.

Among all the people, only Zhuo Yi, Zhou Ziyi and Jiugong Liangzi are special cases. They were personally arranged by Wang Ling to be protected by Wang Nuan.

The main reason is that I am worried that these two dragonborns will cause trouble for them. It is Zhuo Yi's privilege as a disciple.

As for Zhou Ziyi and Jiugong Liangzi, they are jointly protected because they are inseparable from Zhuo Yi.

After all, the Dragonborn's combat prowess is amazing.

No one can handle it except Wang Ling and Wang Nuan's level of combat power.

"Thank you, Master!"

After being released, Zhuo Yi quickly bowed to Wang Nuan and thanked her. At the same time, he also winked at Jiugong Liangzi and Zhou Ziyi who were stunned and had not fully recovered.

"Many...thank you Nuan Zhenren..."

The two bowed. At the same time, their minds went blank. They had been hiding in Ah Nuan girl's body and watching the scene of Ah Nuan girl's blaster dragonborn. They were shocked and speechless.

"You are usually very clever. Why didn't you react now?" Listening to Zhou Ziyi and Jiugong Liangzi calling Wang Nuan Nuan Zhenren together. Zhuo Yi smiled coldly.

Logically speaking, Jiugong Liangzi is now his girlfriend. It is natural that they should be protected together.

But why is Zhou Ziyi protected?

This is actually not difficult to analyze.

Zhuo Yi thought that Wang Ling had already admitted that Zhou Ziyi was his disciple in disguise!

"Why don't you pay your respects to Grand Master Auntie soon!"

He stared at Zhou Ziyi who was stunned. He looked at Wang Nuan and smiled.

Starting from this day.

Zhou Ziyi. He is also one of his own.





Chapter 1720 Invasion Sun Rong


"Yi...ya." In front of the Wang family's small villa, Wang Nuan looked at the direction in which the two dragonborn were fleeing and sighed.

She pinched 096's bunny ears. 096 let Wang Nuan knead it with a cute look. At the same time, Lord Ma, as the baby language translator, also quickly appeared next to Wang Nuan to translate accurately.

He said that Wang Nuan sighed just now because she felt that the two dragonborn were too weak and there was no point in fighting.

Hearing these words, everyone at the scene shivered... Even the Dragon Clan Dragonborn were too weak. How could others survive?

"As expected of a senior sister!" Zhuo Yi bowed. He couldn't laugh or cry. In a sense, Wang Nuan's growth is even more amazing than the original Wang Ling. She is growing almost every day. And it is. Staged growth.

When she was just born, she went to teach Fenmu Shen a lesson. In less than a few days, her combat power has made a qualitative leap again. She is more advanced than before.

There is no need to think too much. If this matter is known to others, it will definitely shock the whole world and even the entire universe. Especially the group of Eternals who even know what the Eternal Dragon Clan is. Every one of them will be shocked.

At the time when the Dragon Clan was at its peak, it was the most powerful being that could tear apart the Outer Gods with its bare hands. The Supreme Being of the Universe who was so powerful that no words can describe it.

Sotos among the Outer Gods ranks second among the Outer Gods. But if the leader of the dragon tribe, the Dark Devouring Dragon, existed, just one Sotos would not be enough to defeat the Dark Devouring Dragon.

Now two dragon descendants who have inherited the power of dragons and perfectly inherited the dragon bloodline. Powerful beings at the level of Earthly Ancestor... were punched by a baby who was less than half a month old and fled. What kind of situation is this?

"As far as I know, the Dragon Clan is a race with strong self-esteem... They will definitely launch revenge. Senior Sister must be prepared." Zhuo Yi said with a smile.

"Bah, bah, bah, bah." Wang Nuan replied.

Lord Ma translated: "She said, it doesn't matter if you come more. And she has always wanted to know what dragon meat dumplings taste like."

"As expected of Grand Auntie..." Zhou Ziyi almost knelt down when she heard this.

In the past few days, his worldview has been completely overturned. In the past, he regarded Zhuo Yi as a hero. But now he has several more objects of worship.

And he clearly knows that these objects can only be used for worship. They must be offered as offerings to gods. He can never surpass them.

...

After seeing that Wang Nuan's side successfully resolved the battle, Wang Ling in the Sword Spirit Space also breathed a sigh of relief. The little girl is very strong. With one person's strength, two dragonborns were able to flee. This made him feel a little bit. I marvel at my sister's growth.

"Are you relieved?" Wang Ying raised the corners of his lips and couldn't help but laugh: "I told you before. Don't worry about that girl. That girl will definitely be able to stand up. She is very strong."

Now, their top priority is to find the main reason why the people behind the scenes are planning these many plans.

The resurgence of the dragon clan is a step in the grand plan of the people behind the Baobai Group, and targeting Sun Rong is also a crucial part of it.

So what about Sun Rong? After they gain control of Sun Rong's body, what are they going to do?

Regarding this point, it's just speculation at the moment. It's definitely not a good thing anyway.

"The little girl named Chen Xiaomu seems to be here..." Sun Rong tried hard to maintain her composure and paid close attention to the changes outside. When the thought plagued people gathered in their villa were moving in one direction like zombies The moment the legions started to move. Sun Rong immediately knew that their action had begun.

"Don't be afraid, Miss Rong. Stay calm. If they want to invade your body, don't resist. We are here anyway." Death Heavenly Dao said.

Now it's a delaying strategy. They hide in the sword spirit space of Sun Rong and completely seal their aura. The main reason is to get more intelligence information.

"Well...I won't be afraid."Sun Rong nodded slightly.

She's not really afraid. Mainly she's a little nervous. She's afraid that she won't perform well and cause trouble to Wang Ling.

You must know that the current Wang Ling is in her sword spirit space... In a sense, he has also entered her body and followed her!

Being penetrated...by the person I like...

ah!

What a terrible line!

What nonsense is she thinking about!

Sun Rong felt that it must be because she had been with Sun Ying'er for a long time. As a result, her thinking began to gradually change, making her unclean.

Sun Ying'er: "..."

After sitting quietly in the room and waiting for a while, the bedroom door was gently pushed open. A red ball rolled in at an inappropriate time. What followed was Chen Xiaomu who accidentally broke into the room pretending to chase the ball.

I have to say, all the thinkers are great actors. With such acting skills, there is no problem in winning Best Actor and Best Actress.

But the most embarrassing acting skill in the world is when you think you are acting realistically, but in fact everyone else knows you are just acting.

"Sister. I'm sorry. I...didn't mean to come in." The thought plaguer spoke through Chen Xiaomu's body. He stared at the back of Sun Rong, a person sitting at a desk. He looked at Sun Rong A defenseless posture. I feel that I am actually completely mature.

"Hehehe... Stupid woman. Give your body to me!"

Then, it roared in its heart, stomped its foot, and flew out towards Sun Rong's back.

It moved very fast through Chen Xiaomu's body. At the moment of flying, it separated a ball of light with three tentacles from Chen Xiaomu's body. It was suddenly attached to Sun Rong's body. On the back of the neck. The attack was extremely precise. It came with the purpose of invading Sun Rong's body.

She didn't expect that all this plan would go smoothly...

Logically speaking, this woman has nine Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cubes. She shouldn't be that weak!

It was doubtful in its heart. It felt that its body had begun to merge with Sun Rong. Just when it thought it was about to fully control Sun Rong's body.

Suddenly, the world in front of me began to become brighter.

"What's going on?" It was obviously stunned. At the same time, it looked at its own body. It was shocked to find that it did not look like Sun Rong. It was still in the same maggot-like shape with three tentacles on its lower body.

"It's impossible...how could this happen..."

It is obviously in disbelief.

It has obviously been successfully attached to her body. According to past experience, it only takes less than 2 seconds for it to take complete control of her body!

But now. It has landed in an inexplicable space...

In a bright world, there are mountains nearby. And in the sky, there are actually six suns...

It was shocked.

He rubbed his eyes. Then he soon discovered that it was not the sun at all!

That’s six pairs of eyes!

Two of them have dead fish eyes!

It has indeed been adsorbed on Sun Rong.

But just when it was about to invade, it was intercepted by Wang Ling three people who were ambushing it in the Sword Spirit Space!

Then this thought plaguer was suppressed between the palms of Wang Ling...

Accepting the gazes of Wang Ling, Wang Ying and Death Heavenly Dao.





Chapter 1721: Little harm. Extremely insulting


People with the thought plague would not expect that their beards would be cut off before they entered the body. This is obviously a trap. But it is too late to say anything at this time.

According to the original plan, he will lead the more than 90 thought-plagued people on their side to enter Sun Rong's body. After confirming that nothing happens, they will greet the outside world. The rest of the thought-plagued people will then enter Sun Rong in the body. Eventually, joint suppression is formed.

But now it knew that it had been fooled. And the most outrageous thing was that after learning that it had been cut off, Sun Rong immediately opened the window and called out: "Come in, brothers!"

The thought plaguer who first invaded Sun Rong's body never expected that Sun Rong was actually pretending to be himself...

Then the next scene is like the calabash kid saving grandpa.

After hearing Sun Rong's greeting, the other thought plaguers lurking in the villa thought that the plan was successful. They all separated from their bodies and began to get into Sun Rong's body...

Then one by one, they all fell into the palm of Wang Ling.

At this moment, facing the gazes of Wang Ling, Wang Ying and Heavenly Dao, these thought-epidemic people are trembling. They feel like they are surrounded by three Buddhas of the West.

"You have numbers, right?"

Wang Ying looked at the thought plaguer that first broke away from Chen Xiaomu's body and planned to invade Sun Rong and asked.

The thought plaguer snorted and refused to say another word. They have a self-destruction mechanism. If they fail to complete the task, they can kill themselves and end their lives.

But it's a pity that they were suppressed by Wang Ling as soon as they came in. Their maggot-like bodies were unable to move.

"Don't say it, right? I have plenty of ways to make you say it." Wang Ying raised the corners of his lips and showed his signature devilish smile.

"What does Master Wang Ying want to do..." Death Heavenly Dao had a bad premonition.

"It's nothing. I just suddenly felt hungry and wanted to eat something." Wang Ying said, crossing his arms.

Then, Sun Rong's voice sounded from the Sword Spirit space. She asked cooperatively: "What does Master of Shadows want to eat? I'll let the head maid prepare it."

"Mustard squid, charcoal grilled large squid, charcoal grilled squid tentacles, fried squid with green pepper, and braised squid flowers." Wang Ying ordered a series of these dishes. They were all related to squid.

Sun Rong, Wang Ling, Death Heavenly Dao: "..."

Everyone knows that the logo of most creatures in Old Dominator is the iconic squid-like tentacles.

The same goes for the Thought Plague. Although it looks like a maggot, it still retains a tentacle-like structure at the end.

Even after they possess a person's body, they can still find the mark of the tentacles in the possessed person's pupils.

What Wang Ying plans to do, in addition to ordering a bunch of squid-related dishes, is also to establish a spiritual connection and build the same spiritual space as these ninety-seven thought-epidemic people.

The ultimate goal is actually to "share the taste"...

That is, when Wang Ying is eating these squid dishes, these thinkers will also taste the taste of these squid dishes.

This approach is not evil...

It can be said that in the true sense, it is not very lethal but extremely insulting.

Although Old Dominator has nothing to do with squid in nature. But there is still an illusion as if one's own people are eating one's own people...

"You...are you still a human being?" the leader of the thought plague yelled.

"I'm sorry. I'm not." Wang Ying spread his hands and smiled.

He was originally the shadow of Wang Ling. In theory, he was indeed not a human being. So Wang Ying himself didn't feel much about this.

"How about it? Are you still unwilling to tell me? I have other ways."

Wang Ying stared at it without any mercy.

This thought-plagued person can see it. Wang Ying is not the type to negotiate. Instead, if he does not do what the other party says, he will 100% be severely punished... and the other party's punishment is not ordinary. punishments. Rather, they are crooked tactics specifically designed to target different groups.

Let them taste the taste of squid. This psychological rejection is more painful than dying directly.

So, the leader of the thought plague sighed and finally gave up the resistance: "My job number is 003."

"003?" Wang Ying: "Speak clearly. What is 003."

"There are 6 first batch of thought-epidemics born from the first batch of mothers. I am Number 003." The thought-epidemic with job number 003 replied.

Everything was the same as Wang Ling's previous conjecture. Previously, he felt that the mind-plagued person possessing Chen Xiaomu's body was not an ordinary thing. But now his conjecture was indeed confirmed.

"In other words, do you know where the mother's body is?" Wang Ying asked.

"Yes..." 003 replied: "But even if you can find the location of the mother body through me, it will be useless."

"What do you mean?" Death Heavenly Dao frowned.

003: "Although the Thought Plague is a parasitic Old Dominator, it has a mother body that continuously produces new Thought Plague. But the mother body is not the only one. Even if you find the mother body and kill it, the mother body can also transfer rights and create in an instant. A new mother body was created. After the original mother body was disconnected from me, I don’t know the location of the newly created mother body..."

Although it has long been expected that as a part of the Old Dominator system, these mind plaguers who appear out of thin air may not be that easy to deal with. However, the method of transferring maternal rights is indeed beyond Wang Ling's expectations.

In other words, if the treatment is not clean this time, it is very likely that the mother body will slip through the net...unless the mother body can be completely killed, leaving no room for her to pass on her rights.

But from 003's point of view, this is an impossible task.

"There are many ways to transfer the power of the mother body. You can't be careful at all." Number 003 said: "And you also know it. Master Sotos is behind this matter. Unless you have a way to prevent the mother body from invading A host. Eradicate it...let it disappear completely from all world lines and timelines. Otherwise, the Thought Plague will exist forever. "

These words made Wang Ling's brows twitch slightly.

Because this method seems a bit familiar.

And it sounds more like revenge.

Because that was the method he used against Bai Zhe at the beginning.

He wiped out the existence of all world lines in Bai Zhi.

The only thing I didn't expect was that the other party's resentment was too strong and too deep. He could actually communicate with the will of the universe and forcefully figure it out.

"We have our own solutions. It's not your business." Death Heavenly Dao snorted.

At this time, Number 003 suddenly laughed sinisterly: "I don't understand. Even if you really have a way to kill the mother in one go, can you really do it again? He is now possessed. If you want to uproot us from the body of the scientist named Wang Ming and prevent human cultivators from being enslaved...then you must completely eliminate this person named Wang Ming."





Chapter 1722 The secret backlash


Wang Ling knows. Everything in front of him began with Bai Zhe's revenge on himself. Back then, he destroyed Bai Zhe in all world lines and timelines, completely erasing his existence. But now he will face what he will face. The solution is surprisingly similar to the original one.

If the method of complete destruction is really replicated, then the more than 1.7 million death talismans in Wang Ling's hands may not be enough. The world line and timeline are a huge volume.

As an independent individual, the number of each person allocated in the parallel space ranges from tens of millions to hundreds of millions.

In a person's normal process, whenever you are entangled with something or encounter some difficult-to-decision issues, a new world line and timeline will be split.

Over time, these divided world lines and timelines will become more and more numerous through the accumulation of time.

It can be said that there are truly three things in life. Three things give rise to all things...

Let’s use an analogy.

Today, a certain author was debating whether to update 2,000 words or 20,000 words.

This author has already split off a new world line and added himself in a parallel space.

Then the split author will also think and make decisions in the subsequent growth process, thereby realizing the split again...

So according to this theory, the most terrifying people are those who have "difficulty choosing" because they have too many choices. When they are often unable to make a decision, they will suddenly split into countless individuals. In the end, the parallel space owned by one person Possibly as many as hundreds of millions, or even billions.

The number of parallel spaces owned by Wang Ming may be comparable to this. Perhaps even worse.

"Brain deduction" allows Wang Ming to regularly explore various options. After calculations in his brain, he finally reaches the optimal choice. In fact, this process is also a process that intensifies the splitting of parallel spaces.

Therefore, if you want to completely erase Wang Ming from this universe, destroy the parent body parasitizing in his body, and then resurrect Wang Ming in all parallel spaces.

Wang Ling estimates. I need to prepare at least 10 billion death talismans on my hands.

However, even if we work overtime to make this equivalent of a death talisman... I am afraid it will be difficult to achieve it in a short period of time.

So. What to do?

But now, in order to ensure that the thought plague can be completely eliminated, this seems to be the only way.

"This is a doomed defeat. There is no way you can win against Master Sotos and Mr. Bai."

At this moment, Number 003 suddenly let out a burst of sarcastic laughter: "Human beings are creatures with complicated emotions. If you can't let go of your emotions, you will never become stronger..."

emotion?

With this, wake up Wang Ling.

Originally he thought he was a creature without emotions.

All the time, he would not show too many emotional fluctuations in anything.

But now. Just now, he is still thinking about whether there are other alternative solutions.

So. Is he also an emotional person?

In the Sword Spirit space, Wang Ling sat down cross-legged looking a little absent-minded. He quietly stared at the thought plaguers suppressed in his palms.

"Wang Ling What's wrong with him?" Sun Rong could see Wang Ling's confusion at this time.

This expression is based on the notes in her notebook. When Wang Ling stares at something in a daze, it usually means "confusion" about something. Just like Wang Ling's normal exam I often wonder how many points my average score should be.

"It's okay. It's just the normal reverie of a High School boy." Wang Ying sighed: "There are not enough death talismans now. If Brother Ming is completely wiped out, the risk of being spread by the thought plague may be eliminated. But Mr. Ming will also Cease to exist."

"Is there no other way?" Sun Rong asked.

"We can only wait and see. If Mr. Ming has the ability to regain control of his body, it won't be so troublesome.

"Wang Ying said: "But the opponent is Master Wu Xin. Such a strong man who relies on his brainpower to make a living. Even though he is injured, it is not easy for Mr. Ming to contend with him." Death Heavenly Dao frowned and said: "But this This matter cannot be delayed any longer. Now we are in a race against time. The longer we delay, the wider the scope of the thought plague will spread."

"There will always be a way."

Wang Ying spread his hands and said helplessly: "If it doesn't work out, I have no choice but to surrender to Mr. Ming. Even if I can't keep all Mr. Ming in the parallel dimension, at least I can save a small part of them..."

...

Deep in the spiritual space is a sea swept by a storm. The shocking waves beat an ancient ghost ship ups and downs in the waves.

It had completely lost its course. It was drifting with the current on this ocean full of murderous intentions and storms. With the constant shaking in the cabin, Wang Ming's consciousness gradually woke up.

"Damn..." He rubbed his head with a headache. Then he crashed into the wooden wall of the cabin due to severe imbalance. Heavy rain poured in, soaking all his clothes.

Wang Ming knew that the control of his body no longer belonged to him. At the same time, he did not expect that the virus planted by Master Wu Xin in cooperation with the thought plague would be so arrogant.

He grabbed the mast and wandered on the rough sea for an unknown amount of time until the sea finally calmed down.

"We have to find a way to regain control." Wang Ming whispered silently. He had not given up thinking yet.

The last time he was trapped in the spiritual space was during the journey to the Beast King's ruins. He and the Ghost Head Sword fell into the spiritual space together. Then they spliced together a part of it with the help of the scraps floating on the surface of the spiritual ocean. Mecha. Suppressed the Ghost Blade and successfully escaped.

When it comes to escape operations, Wang Ming is already very familiar with them.

But obviously, this time the escape is more difficult than the last time.

The storm dissipated. The sea was filled with fog. It was difficult to see the direction clearly.

Wang Ming clearly knows that the ghost ship he is currently in is not the original ship in his mental space.

There is a sea like this in everyone's spiritual space. The main body that controls the spiritual space plays the role of captain. And Wang Ming's original ship was a giant aircraft carrier the size of fifty aircraft carriers.

But now, he has apparently been exiled. The giant aircraft carrier has changed hands. Master Wu Xin has become the new helmsman.

At this time, Wang Ming gritted his teeth and began to search for the cockpit in this ghost ship. He planned to use his own power to return to the original giant aircraft carrier.

And the moment he opened the cockpit door, a slightly embarrassed figure suddenly staggered out of the door and threw himself into Wang Ming's arms.

"Is it you?" Wang Ming didn't expect that he would be here, meeting Shou Chong...

It seems.

They were exiled together...





Chapter 1723 Medical Miracle


In fact, meeting Shou Chong here was a bit unexpected for Wang Ming, but it can also be said to be reasonable. In order to reactivate the divine brain, Master Wu Xin specially transferred Shou Chong's will and then swallowed it.

In other words, in fact, in Master Wu Xin's mental space, a small part of it belongs to Shou Chong's own will.

And now, Master Wu Xin invaded his spiritual world. Naturally, he also brought Shou Chong in with him.

"How's it going? Can you still hold on?" Wang Ming crouched down and checked Shou Chong's pulse.

He looked extremely weak. His face was pale, and his body was so thin that he was almost skin and bones. It was hard for Wang Ming to imagine how he managed to survive these days.

Shou Chong raised his tired eyes and stared at the man standing next to him. He lowered his voice: "I...I'm so hungry..."

Wang Ming thought for a moment, and then began to say seriously: "The grass is luxuriant in the cold weather. The red seedlings are reflected in the wind and the willows are reflected on the embankment. I will wait until I have a home. The cuckoos will stop singing in my ears."

Wang Ming "I am a stranger in a foreign land. I miss my family even more during the festive season. I know my brothers from afar. I plant dogwood everywhere and there is one less person..."

Shou Chong: "?"

Wang Ming: "Two orioles sing in the green willows. A row of egrets ascends to the blue sky. The window contains Qianqiu snow in the Xiling Mountains. The door is docked with ships thousands of miles away from Dongwu..."

Shou Chong: "??"

Wang Ming: "The spring breeze of reform is blowing everywhere. The Chinese people are striving for success..."

Shou Chong: "???"

Wang Ming memorized more than a dozen poems in a row. Shou Chong's complexion couldn't help but improve a lot under the infusion of these ancient poems. Not only that, even his thin body began to gradually become fuller. The whole person regained his energy: " Strange. How could this happen?"

Seeing Shou Chong recovered as before, Wang Ming finally breathed a sigh of relief: "It's exactly what I thought. We are in the spiritual space now. So what we need is spiritual food."

Shou Chong suddenly realized: "I see...so I just need to keep memorizing poems?"

"That's the theory."

Wang Ming nodded: "I'm curious. How did you survive these days?"

"Drink water." Shou Chong said: "I found that the water in this spiritual space does not seem to be sea water. It is not salty. It is drinkable... So that's it. I survived by drinking this water. What's the matter? Problem?"

"No... there's no problem... I'll just recite the poem later. This water has no nutrients..."

Wang Ming said with twitching eyes.

He never imagined that one day the water in his brain could actually save a person. It can be called a medical miracle.

In the cabin, after the two calmed down, Wang Ming began to look at him and asked:

"How much do you know about the divine brain? Or do you know anything about the divine brain?"

"I just heard some rumors roughly from my senior sister Fengchu. I don't know whether they are true or false. If Wu Xin hadn't been behind the scenes to take me away and absorb me into his spiritual space, maybe I would never be able to confirm the truth in my life."

"In such a spiritual space, the master of the spiritual space is the gods. It is the same concept as the core world among cultivators. However, the divine brain is too overbearing. Even the incomplete part is like a tarsal maggot. You can take other people's space for your own use. It's really scary."

Shou Chong said while sighing.

When he said these words, he was actually shocked by the size of Wang Ming's mental space. He knew that Wang Ming was not a cultivator, but an ordinary human being who was not a cultivator could actually expand his mental space to As vast as the sea... This is something that many cultivators, even those who major in spiritual magic, may not be able to do.

"As a person, the thing I'm not afraid of the most is challenges."

Wang Ming laughed: "This is my spiritual space. If he wants to take it away, it won't be that easy."

"Are you sure you can get it back?" Shou Chong hesitated.

The opponent is an Eternal after all.

Even if it is a broken body, he has now successfully become the master of this spiritual space. If he is given some more time, when the other party's brain has completely recovered, even if they want to bite back, there is nothing they can do. "It turns out that I have it. This idea. Now that you are included, the probability of getting it back is even greater."

Wang Ming said confidently: "How about it? Do you want to join forces with me? If I take it back later, I have a way to separate you from my body. I can help you reshape a physical body and resurrect you. You probably don’t want to stay in someone else’s body forever, right?"

"It's natural."

Shou Chong nodded: "I know you. So I also believe you have this ability. But the key is. What should we do now?"

"It's very simple. Just sink that giant aircraft carrier. Then the ships we use for attack will become the master ships of this spiritual space again."

"That's your giant aircraft carrier... I've seen it before. It has the equivalent of fifty aircraft carriers. It's as big as an island! How can it be so easy to sink!"

"That's my ship. When I built it, I left a backdoor. As long as a shell hits a key location, it can start the self-destruct program." Wang Ming said.

"Even so, where do the construction materials come from? The only materials we have now are this broken ghost ship." Shou Chong said.

This question is indeed a difficult one.

They are now exiled to a very far away area. It is still different from when they were drifting with the Ghost Head Dao on the raft. They cannot create inventions directly from the sea by "picking up garbage."

"Do you know about the Abandoned Sea?"

At this moment, Wang Ming looked at Shou Chong and asked: "In every hot spiritual space, there is such a sea of abandonment."

The so-called sea of waste. It can also be called the "sea of bad ideas" or the "sea of useless inventions". Scientific research is a path of continuous progress in exploration. Before something is successfully developed, it is often developed first. Many failed products.

In addition, in the research and exploration of cultivation science, sometimes in order to satisfy their own bad tastes or to raise funds for their own research experiments, some scientists are often invited to make some useless inventions and develop various IQ tax products...

At this point, Wang Ming feels that Shou Chong is more experienced than himself.

And these so-called "bad ideas" and "useless inventions" will eventually form a place similar to a recycling bin in the mental space of these people. That is, a "sea of waste."

"The Sea of Abandonment...No! I don't have such a thing! My inventions are always useful! They are definitely not useless products!" Shou Chong crossed his arms and lowered his head, as if he refused to admit it.

"Hey... don't be like this Mr. Shou Chong. Every scientist has a few failed inventions. I have one too. You don't have to belittle yourself. Now your and my spiritual space are attached to the same space. Those in the Sea of Abandonment Things may not all be yours. They may also be mine."

Wang Ming knows that maybe this is a public execution for Shou Chong. But now at this critical juncture, there is really no other way...

"So, if you agree, give me your hand. With the brain waves of the two of us, combine and spread out in this state, and sense the abandoned sea. It shouldn't be a problem." Wang Ming said helplessly. said.

"Hahaha! That's right! It might be yours too!"

Thinking of this, Shou Chong couldn't help but feel happy: "Okay! Then I will sense the existence of this sea area."

Then he handed his hand to Wang Ming with confidence.

...

The flow of time in mental space is relatively slow.

One hour has passed in the outside world. Maybe only one minute of thinking has occurred in the mental space.

In this way, the two people drove the ghost ship. After driving on the sea for about 20 hours, they found the legendary abandoned sea area...

Wang Ming and Shou Chong gradually saw it.

A lot of bad inventions are floating on this sea.

Wang Ming used the fishing net on the boat to randomly catch a bad invention. It was a very strange-looking doll. It looked like a piggy bank.

Wang Ming remembered. This seems to be a very popular weight loss product on the Internet a while ago. It is called "Fat Reduction Coin Jar". It is said that if you feel guilty after eating a big meal, you can go here. Put a 1 yuan coin into the doll.

Then the doll will start shaking like crazy for a full 10 minutes. It is said that it can help lose 600 calories in 30 minutes. It is equivalent to the calories burned by running for an hour...

"Hahaha! You didn't invent this thing, did you? It seems useless at first sight." Shou Chong laughed loudly.

Wang Ming: "..."

Of course, such a useless thing could not have been made by Wang Ming.

But for the sake of team harmony, he had to smile awkwardly and put the doll into Shou Chong's hand. He was going to continue casting a fishing net to catch these floating waste inventions on the sea to see if there were any usable parts.

As a result, as soon as the doll arrived in Shou Chong's hands, a very sharp electronic doll sound suddenly came out.

"dad!"

Just listen. This doll-shaped fat-reducing coin jar suddenly shouted to Shou Chong.

"Who...who is your dad..." Shou Chong was shocked.

The baby shouted even louder. He explained excitedly: "Dad, Daddy! Have you forgotten? You invented me!"

At this point, the air suddenly solidified...





Chapter 1724 Father Recognition Conference


Wang Ming and Shou Chong didn't expect that the slap in the face would come so unexpectedly. These rotten inventions floating in the abandoned sea actually have the ability to recognize their owners by voice. This was something neither of them expected.

Finally, with a shrill "Dad--" coming from the baby's mouth and the fading final sound, Shou Chong threw the baby back into the sea with a face twitching.

"..."

Wang Ming was silent for a moment. He thought this might be the legendary "father is kind and son is filial."

In fact, as Wang Ming said, on the road of research, development and exploration of cultivation science, scientists will more or less come up with some useless inventions that are incomprehensible. But like Shou Chong, they are all useless...Wang Ming feels that it will indeed last a long time.

Because Wang Ming clearly knows how many useless gadgets he invented in the past because of his playfulness.

Probably no less than 200?

These are all small things that he made for fun in his spare time. But now there are far more than 200 floating on this sea of waste. At least there are hundreds of thousands of them...

Originally, in order to comfort Shou Chong, Wang Ming also wanted to find a gadget he invented back then to provide Shou Chong with some psychological balance.

As a result, he threw down a fishing net. When he pulled it up, they were all Shou Chong's "sons."

"Shou Chong. Are you short of money?" Wang Ming asked, stunned.

He thought about it carefully. Shou Chong could have so many useless inventions. In fact, they were all for the sake of two words: Qia fan1.

1("恰飯" Chinese internet buzzword refering to a series of actions taken in order to make a living.) There are actually many private cultivation scientists like Shou Chong who rely on inventing some IQ tax products to obtain research funds. It’s just that Shou Chong is a relatively successful representative.

"I recorded short videos for each of my inventions. I just didn't expect that the short video of making the Brainwave Spirit Sword Controller was accidentally posted online by my assistant. Then it caused a sensation on Station B."

Shou Chong smiled bitterly and said: "You know, I am now a video UP host. I have a creative incentive plan. Traffic is settled in separate accounts. I can occasionally receive advertisements from game companies. It is indeed very profitable. I was even invited by Station B before. I went to some award ceremony for the top 100 UP masters. To put it bluntly, it was all for research funding. So I just gave it up."

"So. What are you studying?" Wang Ming was curious.

If it is just an ordinary research project, it should not require so much funding. Because as far as he knows, the research funding Shou Chong received from Jiugong Liangzi and Sun Rong alone was more than 20 billion.

Investing such a large amount of money in research. One can imagine the confidentiality and complexity of the research behind it.

"I... don't want to talk about it yet."

Shou Chong coughed and said: "But I did encounter some obstacles. If I can really get out of trouble later, maybe I will invite you to participate in the research of this project."

"What is it about? Can you tell me a little bit about it?" Wang Ming asked.

"New energy development." Shou Chong said.

"Yeah. It's a promising research project." Wang Ming nodded.

From this point of view, he felt that the direction of Shou Chong's research was actually similar to his research on the new seal Talisman for Wang Ling.

As we all know, Wang Ling's spiritual energy is increasing day by day. And it has always maintained an extremely high spiritual energy fluctuation. So in theory, you only need to find someone who can give Wang Ling unlimited spiritual energy. Exports can achieve a relatively balanced state.

However, it is definitely not possible to release the spiritual energy in Wang Ling's body at will. If it is not controlled properly, it will cause secondary damage to the earth's environment and even the universe's environment. The method currently thought of by Wang Ming is actually the same as " The legend of "Dayu's control of floods" has different approaches but the same effect.

As the saying goes, it is better to clear things up than to block them.

But in fact, if "blocking" and "draining" are done at the same time, it may achieve better results.

Therefore, Wang Ming's current idea is to seal part of Wang Ling's spiritual energy and guide the other part of Wang Ling's spiritual energy to flow out of the body.

And the spiritual energy flowing out can be used. Maybe it can also make some contribution to the development of environmental protection. This is what Wang Ming has in mind. An ideal development model for the new version of sealed Talisman.

If it can succeed.

He feels that "eternity" can be achieved!

So in a sense, Shou Chong's secret research seems to be very suitable for Wang Ming.

In the future, maybe the two of them will have a chance to collaborate in a grand way.

But right now, Wang Ming just wants to get out as soon as possible.

He stopped asking Shou Chong more about his research experiments because he also knew that issues in this area were relatively sensitive. Asking too many questions might affect the tacit understanding of teamwork between them.

"Finally found it."

After sailing on the abandoned sea for a long time, Wang Ming fished up many sons invented by Shou Chong. Until this moment, he finally found what he wanted.

It was a third-generation humanoid mecha based on Wang Ling. It was also called Wang Ling Number 2.9.1.

"This is..."

Shou Chong was immediately stunned because he always felt as if he had seen this humanoid mecha somewhere.

"This is my brother." Wang Ming said: "Since you were swallowed by Master Wu Xin, your minds will also be temporarily fused. You may have seen some scenes of my brother fighting this Master Wu Xin."

"So that's it..." Shou Chong suddenly realized; "I have been wandering on this ghost ship for a long time. I have indeed seen a similar young man in my hazy dreams. It turns out that was the scene when Master Wu Xin was fighting with your brother... ."

"They are also very close to each other."

Wang Ming smiled: "Wu Xin never expected that you and I would be so strong-willed. We did not completely synchronize into his mental space because of his invasion. We even planned to secretly organize a vigorous war in this abandoned sea. Counterattack plan. If we regain sovereignty later, we can retrieve the memory of Master Wu Xin and see what he wants to do."

"Yeah. This might be a surprise."

Shou Chong nodded and said.

But soon his mind suddenly turned around: "--Wait a minute! You said the young man fighting Master Wu Xin is your brother? Master Wu Xin is an Eternal One! How old are you... and your brother..."

"Ahem... these are not the point. Let's cooperate first. Regarding my brother, I will find an opportunity to explain it to you. "

Wang Ming smiled. Then he stared at the third-generation humanoid mecha in front of him: "As you can see, this third-generation humanoid mecha is version 2.9.1. However, because the fluidity and maneuverability tests failed, it did not meet the preset standards. So it is considered A failure. But not at all totally unusable."

Shou Chong knelt down and stroked the smooth metal lines of the mecha. He nodded slightly thoughtfully: "Even if it works, the scale still looks a bit too small. I'm afraid it won't sink your giant aircraft carrier." easy."

"So my idea is to remove the core of the third generation humanoid mecha."

Wang Ming said: "Then, gather the strength of the two of us and reassemble a bigger one!"

"Do you think you are assembling a Gundam?" Shou Chong sweated: "And such large parts. Even if we can make them, it will be very difficult to assemble them."

"That's not necessarily true. 2.9.1 is not completely unusable. As long as you put on this suit, you will have the power of the giant parts assembled."

As he spoke, Wang Ming had already pressed the button on 2.9.1. He saw 2.9.1 automatically disassembled and slowly attached to Wang Ming's body like fish scales. Then he shouted to the sea: "Son !Grandson! Where are you?"

The words just fell!

Buzz! A sound...

Two flashes of light suddenly appeared on the distant sea.

Two more humanoid mechas turned into meteors and appeared at the feet of Wang Ming and Shou Chong from a distance.

Shou Chong was shocked: "This is..."

Wang Ming: "These are 2.9.2 and 2.9.3. Theoretically, they are indeed the sons and grandsons of 2.9.1. You should put on these sons first."

"..."

I don’t know why. Shou Chong feels that Wang Ming is taking advantage of him.





Chapter 1725 Invisible Invasion


Just as Wang Ming and Shou Chong were preparing to launch a mighty counterattack, Wang Ling was thinking about Wang Ming. Without sacrificing Wang Ming, it seemed that besides believing that Wang Ming could come out on his own and Other than waiting, there is no other option for the time being.

Master Wu Xin and the mother body of the Thought Plague jointly invaded Wang Ming's body. Wang Ling felt that if he intervened forcefully, he would definitely alert the other party and cause the other party to deal with it.

When the time comes, those with the thought plague will probably escape directly. And a cunning Eternal like Master Wu Xin, once it is confirmed that he has no chance of survival, will most likely resort to self-destruction, destroying all that mental space.

So. What should we do...

Wang Ling was thinking about various plans. When he found that no matter which path he took, it seemed to be unworkable, he began to feel a little irritable in his heart.

Then, this sudden irritability was like a mud cow sinking into the sea. It was swallowed up completely by a mysterious force. Wang Ling turned into the calm Wang Ling again.

The one who always looks expressionless. Wang Ling who faces everything as if he were calm.

The phenomenon of emotional devouring has occurred more than once. Wang Ming had clearly told him before. This was Talisman's cause.

Because sealing Talisman suppresses his spiritual power, it will also suppress his mood to a certain extent. Because spiritual power changes with the rise of certain emotions.

For example, when Wang Ling feels irritable and angry, his psychic energy will reach an abnormal value. Therefore, it is also important to suppress emotions.

However, because the current version of the sealed Talisman cannot accurately position to suppress a certain emotion, basically Wang Ling is faced with a "one size fits all" situation.

Any emotion. As soon as Wang Ling starts to react, it will be quickly suppressed.

Over the years. It's been like this every time.

Wang LingFrom the initial discomfort to the current numbness, no one knows the bitterness in the middle...so that until now, he no longer even feels that bitterness.

Wang Ling often feels as if he is trapped in a prison. No matter how he shouts, no one can hear his voice.

"Wang Ling?"

At this time, the girl's familiar voice came, waking up Wang Ling who had just suppressed his irritability.

Wang Ling: "Huh?"

Because it's in my own body...well, to be precise. It's in my own sword spirit space.

She could clearly feel that Wang Ling seemed a little different now than before. However, the expression on his face never changed. So she was a little worried. And sincerely hoped that she could be of help.

"I heard Sister Zhai Yin say before that the world of spiritual space is a sea. The more active a person's thinking, the wider the size of the sea. Is this true?" Sun Rong asked.

"Yes." Wang Ling replied. Cherishing words like gold.

"If that's the case, then I think I can give it a try?" Sun Rong said.

Now Aohai. is already a genuine nine-core spirit sword! It also incorporates the existence of nine Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cubes! The overall ability of the spirit sword has been greatly improved!

Sun Rong just had a brief spiritual communication with Aohai.

Theoretically, with Aohai's current capabilities, it can currently be directly linked to all major sea areas in the universe.

Since the spiritual space is an ocean, then maybe it can be linked in quietly.

It's just that Aohai has never tried such an operation before. I don't know if it is possible.

This proposal made Wang Ling's eyes light up. He didn't expect that at such a critical moment, Sun Rong could directly propose a feasible solution.

Nowadays, Aohai, as a veritable nine-core spiritual sword, has actually mastered the essence of "Sea King". If Aohai's sword spirit space search is used to link to the sea of Wang Ming's spiritual world, it is indeed a silent method!

Wang Ming's spiritual sea is already vast and boundless. No one would care if an extra seawater mixes in. Besides, Aohai is a spiritual sword that can directly control the power of the sea.

In such an environment, it can play an excellent cover-up role. That is - home field advantage! "I think Ms. Rong's plan is feasible!" Wang Ying nodded. He thought this was a way. Because it can be done quietly. Invasion. Will not make the other party suspicious.

And the most important thing is that when Sun Rong and Aohai successfully enter the sea of spirits, they can provide a huge boost to Wang Ming. They can use the backhand at the most critical moment to give Master Wu Xin and the mother body of the Thought Plague the last chance. Attack! Regain body sovereignty!

"If both Ling Zhenren and Mr. Ying think it's feasible, then I'll help too! Combined with the power of the soul index I have... I believe I can help Miss Rong and Miss Aohai quickly locate the sea of spiritual space of Mr. Wang Ming." Death Heavenly Dao said.

At this time, the arrow was on the string and had to be fired.

Everyone knows it. It's a race against time.

After making up her mind, Sun Rong and Aohai reacted very quickly. She quickly closed her eyes and completely immersed herself in her thoughts. In conjunction with the coquettish dance of the soul index of Death Heavenly Dao, she began to combine human swords. One's passive ability. Search the sea of spiritual space.

When Aohai's sword energy drew a blue circle on the floor of Sun Rong's room, an infinite aura of the sea was instantly released from the circle. There was a blue sword energy like a compass. Guide Sun Rong and Aohai to find Wang Ming's location...

"Successful..." Death Heavenly Dao was excited. Unexpectedly, Aohai could really connect to the sea of spiritual space: "Next, as long as Miss Rong jumps down, you can find it by following the guidance of this blue sword energy. Mr. Ming’s position! And this... is the legendary... Azur Lane!"

Wang Ling, Wang Ying: "..."

"I will try my best!" At this time, Sun Rong took a deep breath. She jumped in with almost no hesitation.

The moment she jumped into the light circle, she changed her clothes instantly like the goddess of the sea. She put on Aohai's gorgeous turquoise dress. The white waves at the hem of the skirt swayed in the wind. In a short moment, she could see Wang Ling slightly absent-minded.

But that was only for a moment. Wang Ling's thoughts became calm again.

...

On the other side, Wang Ming and Shou Chong were still on the ghost ship collecting materials for making giant mechas. The whole process was more troublesome than the two imagined.

Wearing humanoid mechas, they were salvaging things on the sea. At this moment, an area suddenly boiled on the surface of the Abandoned Sea.

"What is that?" Shou Chong was stunned immediately and called Wang Ming.

When the boiling seawater turned into gorgeous foam and rose from the sea surface, it only took a moment. Sun Rong suddenly revealed her figure: "Brother Wang Ming!"

The familiar voice suddenly aroused Wang Ming's thoughts. Then he became surprised: "It turns out to be you. Rongrong!"

Shou Chong was also shocked: "Miss Sun Rong. It's you? Why are you here?"

"I'm here to help you!" Sun Rong said.

"OK!"

Wang Ming stared at Sun Rong. He couldn't help but praise: "She is indeed my appointed sister-in-law! She can even come in here!"

At this time, the sea water was boiling even more.

Sun Rong flushed: "Senior Shou Chong, don't listen to his nonsense...I. I am not..."





Chapter 1726 Love Brain


Sun Rong's strength is obviously only in the Foundation Building stage. However, it can quietly enter this spiritual space with such an attitude. It even merges with the sea water. You can feel its strength just by looking at it. How strong is it?

"Miss Rong...and Mr. Ming. I'm really curious. Is Miss Rong really in the Foundation Building period?" Shou Chong stared at Sun Rong's posture of man and sword united at this time. He couldn't believe it.

"Senior Shou Chong. I am indeed in the Foundation Building stage! I am so innocent...Foundation Building stage!" Sun Rong laughed. In fact, she has been stuck in the late Foundation Building stage for a long time. She has not found it yet. A good way to break through the bottleneck. It's like being locked out of health.

Previously, she was eager to improve her level of strength. She was still worried that if the gap in combat power between Aohai and herself was too big, she would be unable to control Aohai and lose control.

But the previous explanation by monk Jin Deng completely dispelled Sun Rong's concerns.

So now. Sun Rong is relieved that I am still in the Foundation Building stage. I don’t think there is anything wrong.

"It's incredible..." Shou Chong sighed. There was a feeling that the world view was refreshed.

He knew that all this happened because of Wang Ling... That was the boy with dead fish eyes that Jiugong Liangzi asked him to find.

So what is the relationship between the eldest daughter of the Jiugong family and the eldest daughter of the Huaguo Shui Lian Group in front of her?

Because at this time Shou Chong did not know the news that the two had reconciled. Therefore, in his thinking and cognition, it suddenly dawned on him almost instantly...

These two little girls must be jealous over Wang Ling!

No wonder it was so easy to cheat him out of his research funding...

Girls in love are prone to destroying the world and losing their minds!

As someone who has been there, Shou Chong also has a rich and emotional relationship history. Naturally, he also knows how crazy one party in love can do, especially those with a love brain.

He felt that maybe he could get closer to Sun Rong through his love experience.

After all, he has become like this now...

Because he was killed by Master Wu Xin and his senior sister Fengchu, the research laboratory was destroyed. The previous research data may no longer exist. Fortunately, he has a powerful brain that can be called a mobile cloud disk. He still remembers those data.

As for the most important meteorite fragment that he named "Eternity", it was originally stored in a more secret place by him. No one else knew where it was hidden.

If he goes out in the future, rebuilding the research laboratory will require a huge amount of financial support. So how to please the young lady in front of him seems to be crucial.

After Sun Rong joined, Wang Ming and Shou Chong's efficiency was obviously twice the result with half the effort. Because Sun Rong has the ability to manipulate sea water. There is no need for Wang Ming and Shou Chong to search specifically. No matter what they are looking for, as long as Sun Rong has the ability to control sea water. Just say Sun Rong and things will be pushed directly to your eyes by the waves.

And in the subsequent process of searching for parts, disassembling parts and assembling parts, Wang Ming discovered that Shou Chong's problems seemed to suddenly become more numerous...

"Miss Rong, how long have you been in love with that classmate Wang Ling?" Shou Chong asked while assembling the parts. He looked casual. But this question was directed to Sun Rong.

Sun Rong blushed instantly: "This...I don't know how to answer you. Senior Shou Chong..."

Wang Ling: "..."

Wang Ying: "..."

Sun Ying'er: "..."

Death Heavenly Dao: "..."

Obviously, Shou Chong didn't know. At this time, in the sword spirit space inside Sun Rong's body, several people and Wang Ling were peeking at the screen.

They were brought in by Sun Rong. And they couldn't get out because once they got out, there was a possibility of alerting the enemy.

Shou Chong also knows that this question is actually a bit rude. If he knew that Wang Ling was here, he would never ask this question...

But now. He just doesn't know that Wang Ling is hidden in the sword spirit space of Sun Rong.

It's not just him. Even Wang Ming doesn't know.

As a member of "LingRong Party", Wang Ming will naturally not miss any opportunity to tease Sun Rong+ assist matchmaking.

Seeing Shou Chong asking this question, he couldn't help but echoed: "To be honest, I have always been curious. Rongrong, what do you like about that kid? Just because he ignored you and said hello on his first day of school? It inspired me. Does it satisfy your curiosity?"

This question couldn't help but make Sun Rong laugh: "At first... there was a little bit of anger in it, but later on, I found that it was no longer the case. I think Wang Ling... once he likes someone, he must be a single-minded person."

"Why?" Wang Ming and Shou Chong asked in unison.

"Because he is so dedicated to crispy noodles. Who can be so keen on the same snack? He even has to keep it by his side when eating and sleeping." Sun Rong said seriously.

"That's true." Wang Ming nodded.

"In love, the one who takes the initiative always suffers the most. But sometimes I really like you when I can't stand you." At this time, Shou Chong couldn't help but sigh.

This aspect aroused the curiosity of Sun Rong: "It sounds like Senior Shou Chong is a person with stories?"

"Haha. Of course there is a story." Shou Chong said with a smile: "Actually, to be honest with you, one of my ex-girlfriends is my senior sister. That is the Mrs. Fengchu you dealt with before."

"Fengchu is your ex-girlfriend?" Wang Ming was shocked: "Your circle is really chaotic..."

"Between brothers and sisters from the same sect, when they perform many tasks together, they will always have some emotions other than the same sect."

Shou Chong laughed: "My senior sister broke into my laboratory earlier to arrest me. Although I know that those who broke in were not her. They were just clones created by her. But my senior sister's clone stepped on me. At that time, you know, I actually recalled those years."

Sun Rong: "..."

Wang Ming: "..."

At this point, Shou Chong sighed: "Hey, you young people must not understand how comfortable it is to be stepped on by a powerful lady in black stockings. To put it bluntly, this is a special kind of thing. My senior sister Fengchu was also a very charming woman when she was still young. At that time, it was my senior sister who chased me and used this kind of charm to lure me in."

Sun Rong: "..."

Wang Ming: "..."

"So Miss Sun Rong, don't look at classmate Wang Ling. He is a serious person. The more serious a person is, the crazier he will be if he falls in love in the end. And nine times out of ten, he will have certain hobbies. "

After thinking about it for a while, Shou Chong clicked his tongue. He looked at Sun Rong and said with a smile: "It's not necessarily like me, who likes to be stepped on and played with by his senior sister. Maybe he has other hobbies. Classmate Wang Ling, his strength is extraordinary. It seems that the physical strength is also excellent. Once the motor starts, it may not be able to stop.

Sun Rong: "..."

Wang Ling: "?"

The rest of the crowd: "..."





Chapter 1727 Strengthening after Moonlight Baptism


Obviously. As a person who has experienced it, Shou Chong has some special hobbies in the process of love. But it does not mean that other people will also have special hobbies in love.

And Wang Ling feels that he can’t fall in love at all, let alone have any fetishes.

He simply couldn't imagine himself falling in love.

If you write a romance novel based on him, even if you just kiss a girl, the description will have to change from "Ah! So the feeling of kissing is sweet strawberry or blueberry!" to "Ah! So the feeling of kissing is salty. The salty peppery flavor..."

This scene is a bit too exciting for Wang Ling. Coupled with a slight social phobia. The more Wang Ling thinks about it, the more he becomes afraid...

At this moment, a drop of cold sweat slid down Wang Ling's forehead. He said nothing. He just stared at Shou Chong through the space wall in Sun Rong's sword spirit space.

On the other side, Shou Chong seemed to be aware of it. For some reason, he suddenly felt a chill running down his spine... as if he had the illusion that he was being targeted by some dangerous creature.

He shrank his neck and immediately realized that maybe he had said something wrong.

After all, Sun Rong is just a little girl who is only in her first year of high school. The little girl's family may not be able to understand the sticky and fiery feeling when love develops to the final home run stage. Now to say this, it is indeed a bit of a saying. It's still too early.

He was very sensible. He just smiled awkwardly and continued to help Wang Ming work together.

"You are too anxious. For things like assists, you have to pay attention to step by step. When you get out, there will be plenty of opportunities." Wang Ming said.

"eh...I'm a little impatient."

Shou Chong nodded: "Then, can I ask the last question again, Mr. Ming?"

"What's the problem?" Wang Ming was curious.

Shou Chong scratched his messy hair: "What is the relationship between the girl Sun Rong and the girl named Jiugong Liangzi?"

"What kind of relationship can there be between women? Of course they are not love rivals. They are best friends." Wang Ming couldn't help laughing.

"So that's what it is..."

Shou Chong suddenly understood. He quickly thanked: "I understand. Thank you, Mr. Ming."

Sure enough, everything was as he suspected!

The relationship between these three people is indeed Shura Field1!

("修羅場" Buddhism term referring to the battlefield.) "..."

Wang Ming looked at Shou Chong's expression, which looked a bit unbeatable. He didn't know why, but he had a bad feeling in his heart.

But now, most of his attention is still on making the giant mecha in his hand. He has not been distracted by too many other things. Shou Chong's expression is certainly unbeatable, but he really doesn't think too much.

No way...

Does anyone really think that Jiugong Liangzi and Sun Rong are love rivals?

...

At the same time, on the other side, when Jingze and Yan? were defeated from the Wang family's villa, due to Jingze's injury, the two quickly returned to the Baobai Group's floating boat.

SCB-L001 is injured.

As the first dragonborn to be successfully cultivated, Jingze's injuries have attracted much attention. Since his birth, he has almost never experienced the feeling of being injured.

And this time, it was also Jingze's first experience of being injured. Generally speaking, it made him feel a different kind of wonderful feeling.

"So, this is what pain feels like..."

In the core world shrouded in golden lightning, he shook his dragon claws and bathed in the thunder.

Dragonborn can accelerate the recovery of his injuries by extracting the power of natural elements that match his attributes.

But what Jingze didn't expect was that Wang Nuan's two punches actually had serious injury effects, making his recovery speed extremely slow.

So annoying...

"Why did you run away just now? If you join forces with me, we may have been able to defeat her." Yan? Holding a cone, she stayed with Jingze.

"That child is very dangerous. This time is a critical moment for the dragon clan's revival... I can't make a single mistake and do something that I am not sure about." Jingze sighed and explained.

He didn't want to run away in despair like a mouse. As a dragonborn who inherited the power of a dragon, for the dragon clan, such an act of running away was a shame.

Dragon warriors should die fighting! Not surrendering because of fighting!

After sorting out his thoughts, Jingze rubbed his brows and said, "Don't forget, we have a labor contract. We just follow the employee system here. If we are not sure, we can choose to leave according to the task rules. ..."

"Okay." Yan? pursed her red lips and said, "But that little guy is really interesting. Even if you have to leave, you still want me to try it out just now."

"If there is still a chance, I will definitely let you try."

Jingze endured the pain and showed a smile.

In response to this, Yan? criticized mercilessly: "You look so ugly when you smile."

"Really..."

Jingze looked embarrassed.

He found that after meeting Yan?, his personality seemed to have changed unknowingly. He had never smiled at someone with such an expression before.

But now, disgust has appeared.

No matter how much he didn't want to admit it, the fact was that the evacuation had just been confirmed. A large part of the reason was because he didn't want anything to happen to his men.

This injury made him realize many things.

He gradually began to feel some unknown emotions arising within him.

At the same time, this defeat also inspired a fighting spirit.

The family named Wang...

This family must not be allowed to survive.

Otherwise, if the Dragon Clan revives in the future, this family will be the Dragon Clan’s enemy in the future!

Buzz!

At this time, under the continuous roar of thousands of thunders in Jingze's exclusive dragon-born core world, there was a bright moonlight that seemed to penetrate the eternal universe. It broke through the sky and fell with a kind of holy brilliance.

The bright stars were dotted with an immortal dragon power. Jingze and Yan raised their heads almost at the same moment, with a bit of surprise in their eyes.

"Lord Moon Dragon..."

Jingze and Yan? both sensed the breath of moonlight!

That is the smell of Moonlight Dragon, one of the three leaders of the dragon clan!

This bright moonlight quickly focused after it fell. Then it slowly converged on Jingze. Almost instantly, his injured body became healed. The power of the moonlight poured in inch by inch, penetrating into every cell of his body. Inside... Jingze actually felt that the spiritual energy in his body was full as never before!

"Your aura seems to have become stronger!" Yan? looked shocked.

"That's right. This is the Moon Dragon Lord's Eternal Moon Starlight. It can quickly recover injuries. And within a limited time, it can gain power beyond its own combat power."

Jingze shook hands. He felt strengthened.

At the same time, I couldn't help but feel even more excited.

Bai Zhe's "Eternal Moon Star Glory" directly brought him five times the power of the dragon compared to before!

If it is such a power...

He is confident that he will completely defeat the baby girl from before!

Even. Captured alive in public!





Chapter 1728 Brothers join forces


With Sun Rong sneaking in to help, Wang Ming and Shou Chong's manufacturing progress is undoubtedly much faster. Aohai's sword energy is powerful. Every component can be accurately cut according to the drawings constructed in Wang Ming's mind. Even just one piece. Screws the size of melon seeds are no problem either.

This scene is just like the last time Wang Ming had a battle of wits and courage with the Ghost Tou Dao. I'm afraid Master Wu Xin would never have dreamed that when he controlled Wang Ming's body, in this spiritual space, this exiled ghost ship On the ship...someone is actually building a giant mecha and trying to fight against him.

This kind of behavior of "Ultraman fighting monsters" on the sea. The movie {Pacific Rim} speaks directly to the experts.

When all the parts were completed one by one, Wang Ming breathed a sigh of relief, because there was only the last step left. As long as he gave an instruction, all the assembled parts on the ship could be assembled immediately and turned into a complete giant mecha.

"I didn't expect it. It really worked!" Shou Chong was extremely excited. As a lone wolf among scientists, he has always relied on the power of words to research products. The assistants in the laboratory were hired as odd jobs. Almost all of them were hired for odd jobs. He does all the core aspects personally.

And now, this sense of joy and excitement after working with others has somehow become particularly intense at this moment.

"There are two positions: the main driver's seat and the passenger's seat. I'll take the driver's seat. Don't get excited. It's still the last step." Wang Ming looked serious. Then the two people put on the separate cores of the main driver and the passenger seat respectively. There was a burst of Electromagnetic waves. The bodies of the two people actually floated into the air on this ghost ship. They did not stop until they were nearly eighty meters in the air.

Ghost ship, on the sea. At this moment, all the assembled giant mecha parts were inspired by the core. They moved together. A huge Wang Ling mecha was successfully assembled on this abandoned sea. It burst out with powerful energy.

The giant Wang Ling mecha. It is stronger than Wang Ming imagined. Because Sun Rong helped during the assembly process. Aohai's sword seal is added to almost every part.

This sword seal is similar to an enchantment effect. It can greatly increase the overall combat power of the mecha on the original basis!

Wang Ming was sitting in the main driver's seat. Feeling the power of this giant Wang Ling mecha, he couldn't help laughing.

On this giant Wang Ling mecha!

But there is the sword seal of the nine-core spiritual sword!

He has never fought such a rich battle in his eight lives!

"Too strong...we can really regain sovereignty!" Shou Chong stretched out his trembling hands and held them on the joystick in the passenger seat. His face was full of excitement.

At this time, he and Wang Ming were both in the body of this giant Wang Ling mecha. They felt the powerful spiritual energy emitted by the mecha. They were both full of confidence in the next battle.

"Thanks to Rongrong for planting strawberries on this giant Wang Ling." Wang Ming said. He really didn't expect things to go as smoothly as this.

"That's a sword seal... not some kind of strawberry..." Sun Rong quickly retorted.

"It's the same. I won't plant it today. I will plant it in the future." Wang Ming smiled slightly.

Wang Ling;"..."

Sun Rong: "..."

The brief teasing was over. After testing the sensitivity of the giant Wang Ling mecha, Wang Ming finally decided to challenge the giant aircraft carrier that was taken away by Master Wu Xin in this sea area!

"Brother Shou Chong. It's time for us to perform."

Wang Ming raised the corners of his lips. After counting down three times, he and Shou Chong pushed the joystick in front of him at the same time.

Buzz!

At that moment, the sword seals on this giant mecha were intertwined. The nine-core sword seals were superimposed from all parts of the mecha's body at this moment, making it exude an amazing aura! The gray-black body actually showed a A glazed color dominated by blue. Like a sea dragon soaring into the sky.

Then! A whoosh!

The eighty-meter-tall giant mecha was not cumbersome at all. It turned into a stream of light and moved across the sea. Where it passed, the waves divided it into two water walls on the left and right.

It actually showed a scene of the sea splitting. Wang Ming's speed was really too fast. The stream of light transformed by the giant mecha quickly approached the main body of the aircraft carrier where Master Wu Xin was located. Master Wu Xin was unable to react in a short time.

It wasn't until it was about to hit that Master Wu Xin received a warning sound internally.

He reacted extremely quickly. Although his brain had not fully recovered, Wang Ming's operation was also within his expectations.

However, he was extremely confident. He would not dodge at all and planned to face him head-on.

Although the giant aircraft carrier he stretched out now was built by Wang Ming, the person at the helm of the aircraft carrier is now himself. And after merging with God, the combat strength of the giant aircraft carrier is no longer at the same level as before.

As an earthling who is not a cultivator, Wang Ming can develop his brain to this extent. To be honest, it is beyond Master Wu Xin's expectation. But with such a level of brain, he still won't let it go. In the eyes.

"Ha. Do you want to regain your position? You're talking nonsense... Now that you've fallen, don't dance anymore." He snorted. The aircraft carrier radar quickly tracked Wang Ming's giant mecha.

However, the speed of movement surprised him.

If he guessed correctly, Wang Ming should have used the scraps in the abandoned sea to assemble such a thing in a short time. But those things are all scraps! They are scrap materials! How can the performance of this piece of assembly be so superior?

"court death!"

He held the rudder tightly with one hand and pressed the red button in front of him with the other hand.

In an instant, tens of thousands of turrets were activated on the giant aircraft carrier. Countless missiles were fired at Wang Ming's giant mecha at this moment.

These missiles were like raindrops. They shot quickly from the sky. The gunfire and smoke screen were connected together. Runes were lingering on each missile. The psychic energy was huge.

Wang Ming was surprised. He didn't expect Master Wu Xin to be able to increase the overall combat power to this level after taking over his giant aircraft carrier.

If Sun Rong hadn't helped them this time, even if they had built this mecha, their chances of winning would have been unknown.

Facing these flying missiles, Wang Ming's goal is also very clear.

He came to destroy this giant aircraft carrier. So he went straight to the back door of the giant aircraft carrier!

This is the backhand he left behind when he built the aircraft carrier. If he hits it with one hit, this giant aircraft carrier will directly disintegrate!

Therefore, he had no intention of avoiding these missiles. Instead, he charged forward directly against the thousands of bullets and launched an impact. Master Wu Xin was stunned by such a desperate posture.

At the same time, what shocked Master Wu Xin even more was that after Wang Ming controlled this giant mecha to keep approaching, he finally saw clearly what this giant mecha looked like!

When the iconic dead fish eyes of Wang Ling appeared vividly on the giant mecha and looked into Master Wu Xin's eyes, a fear originating from the depths of his heart was instantly outlined.

These dead fish eyes. Although they look harmless to humans and animals, they are extremely lethal...

Why is it you again!

Master Wu Xin was so frightened that his mind immediately went blank.

At this time, in the sword spirit space of Sun Rong, Wang Ling opened his eyes at the same time. He waved his hand gently.

In the void, the tens of thousands of missile warheads launched at Wang Ming turned around at the same time and followed Wang Ming towards the giant aircraft carrier.





Chapter 1729 Wang Ling laughed when they found out


At the moment when Wang Ming hit the back door of the aircraft carrier and caused it to disintegrate, thousands of missiles fell together, covering almost every inch of the aircraft carrier. Like firecrackers, the fire was blazing, and big explosions continued to occur on the sea.

For a moment, the air waves surged into the sky. The endless sea water was evaporated by the fire and kept churning.

Wang Ling has been lurking in the sword spirit space of Sun Rong. It was not until the last moment when Wang Ming approached the aircraft carrier that he took action.

In addition to changing the direction of the missile warhead, it also unilaterally suppresses all living things on and off the entire aircraft carrier to ensure that the mother body of the Thought Plague will not escape.

And this move is one of the branch skills "We are all wooden people" in the "Great Suppression" in Heavenly Dao!

Once this technique is activated, all people in a fixed area will be imprisoned. They will not be able to move at all. Even magic weapons will not be able to be used normally. Even the soul will be in an imprisoned state and cannot be transferred.

This method is used to deal with the mother body of the thought plague. In Wang Ling's opinion, it is the best.

So. When the back door of the giant aircraft carrier was punched through by the giant Wang Ling mecha and disintegrated. Along with the missile explosion, the mother body of the Thought Plague was also devoured by tongues of fire in an instant. In Old Dominator, they mainly focus on mental invasion. Means. In fact, the physical strength is the weakest!

Once targeted, that is, when the soul cannot be transferred and the body is exposed, even a Soul Formation cultivator can easily crush the opponent to death...

...

After the giant aircraft carrier was destroyed, Wang Ming could clearly feel that this spiritual space had returned to his control.

He set the giant Wang Ling mecha he controlled as a new base. At the same time, he directly controlled the mecha to lie flat on the sea. It turned into a giant ship and completed its transformation.

On the other side, Master Wu Xin was also arrested at the same time. He was taken away by Sun Rong at the moment the aircraft carrier disintegrated. Now he is bound by the sword Aohai.

It is a very skillful tortoise shell binding. The posture is graceful and a bit coquettish.

"I didn't expect that I could come back." Wang Ming knelt down and couldn't help laughing.

"Hmph..." Master Wu Xin twisted his face. It was obvious that he did not accept this outcome: "If my mind hadn't fully recovered, how could you, two mere juniors, be my opponent..."

"Even if you don't want to admit it, it is a fact that you lost. Although I didn't know what agreement you reached with that Bai Zhe before. But now that I have regained sovereignty, I do know a lot of things." Wang Ming said. There was a somewhat thoughtful expression on his face.

After regaining control of the mental space, the memories of all the contacts between Master Wu Xin and Bai Zhe were also synchronized into Wang Ming's mind.

What is certain at present is that the other party is indeed preparing a plan to revive the dragon clan. It will excavate a large number of dragon skeletons in the dragon cemetery and piece them together to extract the genes. Then use a supreme magic to revive them.

Wang Ming captures memories. Then shares these memories with Wang Ling, Sun Rong and others.

"That guy turned out to be the Moonlight Dragon, one of the three leaders of the dragon clan? Hahaha. This guy is really haunting." At this moment, Wang Ming really couldn't help laughing.

Bai Zhe...

A man who was repeatedly whipped to death by his younger brother Wang Ling. This time he actually imagined himself to be the Moonlight Dragon, one of the three leaders of the Dragon Clan...

In terms of combat power alone, this should be Bai Zhe's strongest combat power so far.

I don't know how many slaps he can get from Wang Ling...

He had no idea about the dragon clan. He only knew from rumors that this clan was very strong. At its peak, it even surpassed the Old Dominator.

As one of the leaders of the three dragon clans, Moonlight Dragon. Wang Ming also learned a special ability called "Eternal Moon Star Glory" from the memory of Master Wu Xin.

In fact. This is the breath of the Moonlight Dragon.

Haunting the entire body of the Moonlight Dragon. It has a strong healing effect!

And the most important key is that Yongyue Xinghui ignores serious injuries!

Previously.

Wang Ling's slaps all have serious injury effects. This hinders the healing ability of all those who are passively beaten. Now there is the existence of "Eternal Moon Star Glory."

Maybe he can really fight Wang Ling for ten rounds?

But obviously, the key factor in the current problem is not here. Rather, it lies in what is the purpose of reviving so many dragonborns?

An ordinary dragonborn cannot be Wang Ling's opponent.

Even if the three major leaders of the dragon clan want to deal with Wang Ling, they still have to through their own weight.

This point. As an old rival of Wang Ling, Bai Zhe should be very clear about this.

In the past, Bai Zhe's blind confidence has become a habit. This time, although he has become the Moonlight Dragon and has the strongest combat power in history, he will not repeat the same mistakes and continue to be blindly confident and then overturn in public.

"Wait a minute. I seem to have discovered something. But I don't know what it means yet." At this moment, Wang Ming suddenly said.

Through Master Wu Xin's memory, he discovered a strange symbol that Master Wu Xin had seen in the Dragon Tomb when he borrowed his body.

It was a strange symbol made of potholes. It looked like it had been left behind by something. Wang Ming burned the strange symbol from his memory and drew it on the ground. Then he fell into confusion.

"What is this? Does anyone know?" Wang Ming asked. From the shape of the symbol, it looked a bit like a diamond.

Death Heavenly Dao pondered for a while. The expression on his face suddenly became horrifying: "Ah this..."

"Senior Death Heavenly Dao. What did you think of?" Sun Rong asked.

"I always feel... it's a bit like the Seal of Eternal Punishment!"

Death Heavenly Dao touched his chin and said: "Back then, there was actually a theory that the Eternal Dragon Clan was destroyed overnight... It is said that it was because the Dragon Clan was too powerful, which caused the universe to be forced to activate the check and balance mechanism. The Dragon Clan was destroyed The existence of the universe has been erased. And this kind of punishment caused by the ability to balance the universe is called the punishment of the universe. So I wonder if this is the legendary punishment of the universe..."

"Seal of Zhou's Punishment?"

Wang Ying smiled: "If this is the case, Bai Zhe is now reviving the Dragonborn. The purpose is not only to revive the dragon clan, but also to restart the eternal punishment. And then bring this disaster to the earth. Use the power of the eternal punishment to eliminate the leader?"

"It's very possible!"

Death Heavenly Dao couldn't help but shed a few drops of cold sweat: "Now. Sun Rong girl's spirit sword is fused with nine old Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cubes... and has been living on the earth. It is very likely that the universe will mistakenly think that the earth is the universe. Center. In addition, there are Ling Zhenren and Lord Shadow on the earth. Once the Eternal Dragon Clan is resurrected in large numbers on the Earth, the cosmic punishment that was caused in the Eternal Period may really reappear!"

"..."

Wang Ling heard this. The corners of his mouth twitched.

Death Heavenly Dao looked puzzled: "I don't know why Ling Zhenren doesn't look nervous at all?"

At this time, Wang Ying shook his head: "Because even if based on the above reasoning, Bai Zhe really intends to activate the check and balance mechanism of the universe, it will be useless."

Death Heavenly Dao: "Why?"

Wang Ying folded his arms and sighed: "Because now, the authority of this punishment is in the hands of the Lord himself."

Death Heavenly Dao: "?"

"Bai Zhe's current layout is equivalent to handing a letter of complaint to the universe. He is trying to use the checks and balances mechanism of the universe to suppress the Lord."

When Wang Ying said this, he couldn't help but laugh: "But have you ever seen anyone accept complaints about themselves?"

Everyone: "..."





Chapter 1730 Bone grabbing


Although Wang Ling had not imagined what Bai Zhe's ultimate goal would be after going in such a big circle before. He had many answers in his mind. But he felt that the lowest possible answer was that Bai Zhe was trying to use the checks and balances mechanism of the universe.

Does anyone really think it's useful to "complain" to the universe about him?

Wang Ling thought that no one should be that stupid. But this time, I still gained some knowledge.

After Wang Ming regained his body sovereignty and knew and analyzed Master Wu Xin's memory, these inferences can now be said to be almost solid.

Wang Ling suddenly remembered the time when he went to watch a movie and TV show. The official in ancient uniform was sitting in the courtroom. He was shocked and yelled: "Who in this hall dares to sue me?"

They say that material comes from life. Wang Ling never thought that one day, this would happen to me.

Now, the mother body of the Thought Plague has been eliminated. After the source of the mother body is cut off, new Thought Plague will no longer be produced. And those that have invaded the human body will gradually wither away because they cannot sense the mother body.

This is a big game. Wang Ling can be regarded as a comeback. But obviously it is not time to relax yet.

"Wang Ling. What should we do now?" Sun Rong asked. She saw the serious thinking on the young man's face. She desperately hoped that she could be of help.

I express myself like this. I also want to get closer to Wang Ling.

Sometimes she felt that she was very close to Wang Ling. When she thought she was about to succeed, suddenly the distance began to become far away again.

So now Sun Rong feels that what Sun Ying'er said to her before is not completely unreasonable.

She should be more proactive.

Wang Ling still didn't speak. He sat cross-legged with his arms folded. All his thoughts were conveyed simultaneously by Wang Ying.

"The situation is now very clear. Bai Zhe has become a moonlight dragon. If he wants to activate the cosmic check and balance mechanism, he will inevitably have to revive the other two dragon leaders." Wang Ying said.

"The other two dragon leaders?" Sun Rong blinked.

"The three major dragon leaders of the Eternal Dragon Clan. In addition to the Moonlight Dragon, they are the Dark Devouring Dragon. And the Cangyuan Dragon. The Dark Devouring Dragon holds the power of darkness. And the Cangyuan Dragon... As the name suggests, it is actually a water dragon." Wang Ying said .

In fact, at this point, the remaining people here suddenly understood.

As we all know, after Aohai has condensed nine Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cubes, his ability is also to control sea water.

The ability is somewhat similar to Cangyuan Dragon.

But in fact, Aohai's ability is still limited. Because the object that Aohai can control can only be sea water. The configuration of Cangyuanlong is more advanced than Aohai. It can control all water. It is not limited to A kind of sea water.

"Cangyuan Dragon can control thousands of waters. However, the range of control is limited. Centered on itself, it can only cover one hundred thousand surrounding galaxies. But Aohai can now cover one billion. In terms of range, Aohai's range is even greater. But in terms of maneuverability, Cangyuanlong is stronger." Wang Ying explained.

Therefore, in summary, there are pros and cons between the two.

So now Wang Ling's idea is very simple.

He felt that if he could snatch the dragon bones of Cangyuan Dragon and pour the power of Cangyuan Dragon into Aohai... then Aohai would not only be the Queen of the Sea from now on, but a veritable "Queen of Ten Thousand Waters". !

From the perspective of Wang Ling, this move can be described as killing two birds with one stone.

Because the stronger Aohai is, the stronger the crisis management ability of Sun Rong is. If anything happens, she will be able to solve it by herself. There is no need to worry about it anymore.

Wang Ling feels that as long as Sun Rong is given enough self-protection ability, the girl will not trouble him in the future.

But he never expected that his plan would bring about the opposite effect.

"Invisible flirting is the most deadly." At this time, Wang Ying sighed helplessly.

As the shadow of a genuine old stainless steel piece of wood, he felt that this old stainless steel piece of wood would have a long and arduous road ahead emotionally.

How long will it take to realize this?

next year?

Or. The year after next?

...

Baobai Group. In the floating boat in the sky. When Wang Ming opened his eyes again, he suddenly heard someone calling him.

"Master Wu Xin?" The person calling him was an employee of Baobai Group. He was wearing thick protective clothing and asked cautiously.

Wang Ming glanced at him. At this moment, he was standing next to a huge pothole in the Dragon Cemetery.

This is one of the excavation sites of the Dragon Bones.

Because of the need to regain the sovereignty of the body, there will be a mental window period when the body is taken over again. On the surface, it looks like it is in a daze. No matter who calls, there will be no response.

Fortunately, this window period is not too long. It is only about ten seconds.

Wang Ming smiled secretly in his heart.

Now, these people in the Dragon Cemetery would never think that he had regained his body.

"Eh... How's the excavation work going?" He didn't show any clues. He still used Master Wu Xin's tone of voice to communicate with these Baby Group employees.

"Winning the jackpot! Mr. Wu Xin!" The employee of Baobai Group said excitedly: "We have detected the L1289 pit. There is huge energy hidden in the ground! It is very likely that there are parts of Yusanjia buried in it! "

Yusanjia.

This is the abbreviation of the three leaders of the dragon clan within the Baobai Group. They are the Moonlight Dragon, the Dark Devouring Dragon and the Cangyuan Dragon.

At present, except for the keel of Moonlight Dragon, most of the keels of Dark Devouring Dragon and Cangyuan Dragon have not been collected completely. There are still many missing parts.

So once there is a new discovery about the "Yusanjia", the employees of the Baobai Group who are responsible for the detection will be extremely excited! Because if detected, there will be additional bonuses!

And this bonus is a huge bonus that is enough to benefit every employee for a lifetime!

Under such an incentive system, all employees of Baobai Group work as hard as they can. If they take off their protective clothing, the dark circles under their eyes will be clearly visible.

Therefore, employees of Baobai Group also jokingly call themselves Pandamen.

"Good job."

Wang Ming praised. Then he looked at the employee: "Where are the Yusanjia parts that we collected earlier?"

"It has been strictly protected in the encryption laboratory in the cemetery. No one is allowed to enter." The Baobai Group employee replied.

Wang Ming looked at this person's employee number and said, "Number 10021."

"Yes. I'm here!" The man immediately stood at attention and saluted. He replied.

"Actually, I just suddenly thought of something. I think maybe we can use other methods to find the remaining Yusanjia keel bones. For example, the mutual induction between the keel bones?"

Wang Ming said: "I know. You have done induction experiments before. But the induction experiment I propose now is brand new. But in order to ensure the feasibility of the experiment, I need to go to the place where the keels are stored to take a look."

"But... you have to apply and go through the process." 10021 replied.

"As for the application process, everyone in the company will know about my method. But now, only you know it."

Wang Ming smiled and said: "10021. If you get my method by then, you can successfully excavate all the Yusanjia keels. You should be able to imagine how big a bonus you and the people in your survey team will get. Right? That will be inexhaustible wealth."

Hearing this, Number 10021 couldn't help but gritted his teeth: "I don't know the location of the encryption laboratory myself. But there is someone I know... He might know. That was my former boss. It was me who arrested that woman before. This boss planned it."

"What woman?"

"That's the female special forces soldier named Zhai." Number 10021 said.

"Well, I think about it... very good... that woman... captured her so beautifully!"

Wang Ming pretended to be enlightened and put a smile on his face, but in fact, his smile was hiding a knife.

"So, Mr. Wu Xin, are you really just going to have a look?"

"Yes. Just scan it with my brain waves. You should know how strong my brain waves are."

Wang Ming nodded and continued to show a harmless smile: "So, you just need to ask the former boss to take me there. Don't worry, I will just take a look and won't go in."

Oh...

Wait until I get in...

I will demolish your base directly!





Chapter 1731 Encryption Laboratory


The encryption laboratory in the Dragon Cemetery. Branches are located in various directions in the cemetery. Some are in the air and some are underground. They will change locations at any time following the encryption mechanism.

There are four levels of encryption laboratories: Heaven, Earth, Xuan, and Huang. The Heaven level is the highest level encryption laboratory. This is the only one distributed in the entire Dragon Cemetery. And all the bones of the three Yu family that have been searched The files are collected in this only heaven-level laboratory.

This is the highest level laboratory. Even though Master Wu Xin and Bai Zhe have joined forces, Bai Zhe is wary of him and has not fully given him access.

A mechanical crab with eight legs. It is a regular means of transportation in the Dragon Cemetery. Wang Ming and Number 10021 galloped like the wind. They ran around this reddish-brown cemetery.

The eight-legged crab looked bulky but was extremely fast and flexible. The two quickly found the boss who had led the country Number 10021. Codenamed Wasp.

Wang Ming glanced at the hornet's work number plate. It read 291.

The three-digit ID tag is enough to prove that the other party is a group of employees who are already veterans of the Baobai Group. In the Baobai Group, these Panda people can judge each other's seniority based on their own work number plates. The sooner you get there, The smaller the artificial account, the higher the level and right to speak.

Therefore, the length of this number is sometimes a symbol of status. A three-digit work number is like a five-digit QQ number. It is already a legendary existence in the Baobai Group.

It is precisely because of this that Wasps are very arrogant in their behavior.

Even though Master Wu Xin already belongs to the first echelon of scientists in the Baobai Group, ordinary pandas would call him "Sir" when they see him. But as an employee with a three-digit job number, when Wasp saw Wang Ming appear, there was a look on his face. His expression didn't change much.

"I know who you are. The new scientist. And you entered the first echelon as soon as you came in."

The hornet smiled and said: "But I don't care who you are. There are three hundred and sixty-two divisions in the Dragon Cemetery. Now my rank is the division commander. As long as I am the general commander in charge of on-site excavation and exploration Not you. Then the relationship between you and me is equal."

"I understand." Wang Ming smiled.

"No. You don't understand. I heard your appeal at Number 10021. Before you officially start cooperating with us, in order to ensure that nothing unpleasant happens, I still want to make this relationship clear with you."

Wasp said: "First of all, not every division commander knows the location of the Sky Level Laboratory. If you think there is someone else more reliable than me, it can bring you more convenience. Okay. Please leave as soon as possible. This subdivision. Go to their subdivision."

"Time flows very slowly in Dragon Cemetery. According to the time here, ten minutes have passed in the outside world. Maybe only a month has passed here."

"Using the time here to calculate. This is the 5th year since the establishment of Baobai. I gave the other Baobai employees 3 years. I capped it in the 2nd year. In 3 years, has any of their performance exceeded mine? ?"

"Now I have become the commander of this division. I am also one of the top dark horses among all division commanders competing for the overall command. Accepting the offer to cooperate with you is completely giving you face. After all, there are not many scientists in the first echelon."

"So, we have an equal relationship, not a superior-subordinate relationship. Do you understand now?"

"I really understand this time." Wang Ming smiled bitterly in his heart and said softly.

At this point, the wasp nodded with satisfaction.

He looked at Wang Ming and confirmed: "Number 10021 said that you only need to use brain waves to detect it outside the sky-level encryption laboratory, right? How long will it take? Is 1 second enough?"

"1 second?"

"This is the highest level encryption laboratory. The location will change at any time. The time spent at one coordinate point will not exceed 5 seconds at most.

If you're lucky enough, you'll have five seconds. But if you're unlucky, you'll only have 1 second." Wasp said, "And I can only help you once. After all, detecting top secrets, I also have certain risks."

"Okay then. One second is enough." Wang Ming said.

No matter if it's one second or one hundred thousandth of a second, as long as this heaven-level laboratory appears, it will definitely not escape before his eyes.

Wang Ming felt inadequate and laughed.

Now in his body are some of the strongest people on earth.

"How did you calculate the location of the Sky Level Laboratory?" Wang Ming asked.

"It's not based on calculation. It's based on induction." Xinghua smiled: "There are three hundred and sixty-two zones in the Dragon Cemetery. The sky-level laboratory will always pass by the place under my jurisdiction several times. In the zone under my feet. I The sensing device has been planted a long time ago."

"..."

I don’t know why. Wang Ming feels that the operation of the Wasp seems to be very skillful. It seems that he is not the first person to inquire about the location of the Tian-level laboratory.

He felt that the Hornets had turned this into a business.

At this moment, Wasp was holding a data panel, staring intently at the data above. Several people were sitting on the mechanical crab and kept moving. Until a certain point, Wasp finally commanded the mechanical crab to stop.

"It's coming! Get ready! The Sky Level Laboratory will pass near us soon. The coordinates are within a radius of no more than two kilometers from us," he said.

This is not precise location information. But it is enough for Wang Ming. It is only a few kilometers. His brain wave radiation range can still be covered.

He concentrated his mental power, and then spread the brain waves out at once, like a dragnet, covering all directions on the ground - and the result was in mid-air. Wang Ming suddenly felt that he had caught a huge creature.

Buzz!

Suddenly, a huge thing hidden in the void appeared. Under the influence of Wang Ming's brain waves, the invisible barrier on the outside was affected. His true face in Lushan was revealed directly in front of everyone.

This is a giant thing that looks like a steel silkworm chrysalis. No one would have thought that such a monster-like thing could be a building. It is also a legendary heaven-level laboratory!

The wasp's mouth gradually grew. He couldn't believe that Wang Ming's brain waves were so terrifying. It directly disabled the invisibility mechanism of the Tian-level laboratory! Not only that. The Tian-level laboratory was also directly frozen in place. It stopped moving. Not a cent!

"Are you crazy? You made such a big fuss!" the wasp screamed.

...

"Is it big?"

Wang Ming crossed his arms, raised the corners of his lips, and stared at the hornet. There was a bit of coldness in his eyes: "When you brought my girlfriend here, you didn't seem to have considered whether the matter would become a big deal, right?" "

Wasp immediately realized that something was wrong: "You...you are..."

At this time, Wasp felt an invisible force strangle his throat. His whole body was levitated under a powerful wave.

He was manipulated. Under the tremendous mental pressure, he peed his pants on the spot.

Then Wang Ming stepped forward and touched the wasp's head. In his right hand was a "temporary enlightenment technique" prepared by Wang Ling, which strengthened the wasp's head.

Then he used brain waves to control the wasp, pointing his head directly at the steel chrysalis in front of him.

Just listen to a whooshing sound!

A humanoid self-propelled missile was accurately projected under the control of Wang Ming. It blasted a huge hole in the sky-level laboratory in front on the spot...

Still looking for the free novel "The Daily Life of the Immortal King?"

Baidu direct search: "Reading novels is easy!





Chapter 1732 New Talisman? Wang Ling: Then I won’t be sleepy anymore!


When this steel chrysalis-like sky-level laboratory appeared in the sky, although the commanders in the laboratory had realized that the laboratory had been exposed, they were not completely in disarray.

After all, this is not the first time that invisible failure has happened. This is just like when a star on Weibo suddenly made some gossip, which attracted a large number of people to eat melons and directly crashed the app. The same is true for the failure of invisible mechanisms. What is needed is to step up efforts to get the internal programmers responsible for laboratory protection to quickly fix the problem.

As the mother nest where the bones of the Yusan family are stored, the Tian-level laboratory also has the largest number of programmers. Under normal circumstances, it only takes a few seconds to correct the failure of the invisibility mechanism.

But this time... these programmers with bright heads suddenly discovered that the mother nest was completely out of their control.

Hundreds of bald programmers were frantically typing on the keyboard to perfect and repair the defense mechanism of the Sky Level Laboratory. However, after typing in these formation codes, there was no reaction at all!

Why does the invisibility mechanism bug take so long to fail this time?

It’s over. Now the year-end bonus is completely gone!

Their hearts are broken one by one.

"Oops! It's not a bug problem! It's because we were invaded by a powerful brainwave! The stealth formation and teleportation formation used for encryption defense failed!" Soon, a programmer slapped the naked head. He screamed as if he had realized something.

And when the radar inside the laboratory scanned the source of the abnormal brain waves, the camera immediately focused on Wang Ming.

"Master Wu Xin?"

Long ago, Baobai Group had already reported that the body control of the young man in front of him named Wang Ming had completely fallen into the hands of a senior named "Master Wu Xin."

So when Wang Ming showed up and used brain waves to attack the Tian-level laboratory, many people here didn't react for a while. It felt unreal.

"What's going on...why did Mr. Wu Xin attack us? We are our own people!"

"Idiot! This is Master Wu Xin! Master Wu Xin must be cold. This young man has regained control of his body!"

"Fuck. Isn't he just an ordinary person? Lord Wu Xin is the Eternal One!"

For a time, many people started discussing it.

I don’t understand what happens after this wave of backlash and another backlash.

At this time, Wang Ming stood on the reddish-brown cemetery ground.

The clarion call for the counterattack has officially begun.

After regaining control of his body, he felt that his mental power and brain waves were greater than before!

"Is it because... of the divine brain?"

Now, Master Wu Xin was countered by him. But the incomplete divine brain that invaded his mental space was still in his body.

In other words, Wang Ming, who has now successfully regained control of his body, has also become the new owner of this incomplete brain.

And given time, the brain will gradually recover!

His brain will be even more powerful than before!

So. At the same time that Wang Ming used the wasp with strengthened skull to open a gap in the Tian-level laboratory, countless old Japanese creatures appeared in the Tian-level laboratory and began to protect the Tian-level laboratory!

These old Japanese creatures have never been seen before. They are more like synthetic creatures. They have evil eyeballs full of tentacles. But behind them are dragonborn and dragon tails. They are actually a combination of dragons and creatures from the old factions.

They flapped their dragon wings and poured out of the opened hole. While surrounding the laboratory, they also formed a torrent and attacked Wang Ming.

...

At this time, Wang Ming stood there with his arms folded and touched his chin.

Now his brain waves are stronger. Of course he won't feel scared. On the other hand, it is mainly because of the "matryoshka linkage" relationship formed in his body.

Because it is in his spiritual space. Sun Rong and Aohai are still in it. And in the sword spirit space of Sun Rong, there are Wang Ying, Death Heavenly Dao and his strongest brother Wang Ling...

There are so many big guys. The matryoshka doll seems to be inside his body. Of course he has nothing to be afraid of.

"Rongrong. We have to find a way to get in. And it's best not to destroy the brood first. I have a feeling that besides the dragon bones, there may be information I'm interested in inside."

Wang Ming said: "Well, maybe this information will help me research the new Talisman."

New Talisman?

Originally Wang Ling was only moderately interested in bone snatching.

I originally thought of snatching away the dragon bones and razing the entire Dragon Cemetery to the ground.

But now, since Wang Ming said that there is information on developing a new Talisman in this Tian-level laboratory, the situation has obviously reversed.

Wang Ling As soon as he heard this, he felt no sleepiness at all.

After saying this, a pool of spring water immediately appeared at Wang Ming's feet. Then Sun Rong appeared directly.

"Why did you come out?"

"I didn't come out. It was my classmate Wang Ling who..." Sun Rong said.

"I see. It's my brother who wants to come out of your body."

"..."

Sun Rong always felt that there was something wrong with what he said. But now is obviously not the time to argue with this: "Let me escort Brother Ming in. My classmate Wang Ling just said to leave it to them."

"Understood..."

Wang Ming nodded.

With Wang Ling sitting behind him, he was of course extremely relieved. He didn't need to think too much and just rushed forward.

"Wow!" A group of blue mist rose from Wang Ming's feet. Finally, it formed a group of blue clouds. Sun Rong formed a blue motorcycle in front of Wang Ming!

Wang Ming has not yet reacted.

Sun Rong is already sitting in the driver's seat. Wearing a helmet.

This is a blue motorcycle transformed with Aohai's spiritual energy.

Wang Ming never thought that a girl could have such a chic side!

"Brother Ming, get in the car!" At this time, Sun Rong's clothes also successfully changed into motorcycle body-shaping clothes, which highlighted her good figure to the fullest.

Wang Ming's Adam's apple rolled.

He was extremely self-conscious. After putting on Aohai's differentiated helmet and sitting in the back seat.

He did not hug Sun Rong's waist. Instead, he crossed his arms, assuming a very cold posture.

As a man who already has a partner.

Wang Ming feels that he should be more self-disciplined.

"Brother Ming, sit tight. We're going to set off now!" Sun Rong didn't think much. She pedaled the bicycle frame slenderly and turned the throttle directly to the freeze frame.

Boom!

When the roar of a long dragon came from the engine, an astonishing dragon-shaped water column instantly surged out from the jet port at the rear of the motorcycle!

Directly aim at the huge hole that was smashed open in the heaven-level laboratory and attack. Go straight to Huanglong!

At the same time. Wang Ling stands at the rear.

He watched Sun Rong ride away on a handsome motorcycle. He saw her turn into a small black dot in a short moment, putting a long distance away from him.

Then. He summoned Jingke at the same time.

"Sword. Lord." Jingke bowed.

Wang Ling didn't say much. He just looked at the synthetic creatures in the sky. He said calmly: "Clear the place. Leave no one behind."

Still looking for the free novel "The Daily Life of the Immortal King?"

Baidu direct search: "Reading novels is easy!





Chapter 1733 Find an excuse for the union


It was finally Jingke's turn to appear. When he appeared in front of Wang Ling, he felt as if he had been dusted for a long time.

He hasn't been idle these days. Because of Bai Qiao, he has a lot of calluses on his hands.

This was obtained while playing games with Bai Qiao.

On the one hand, he couldn't refuse Bai Qiao's invitation. On the other hand, he also wanted to enhance his relationship with Bai Qiao through games.

There are many fused creatures in front of me. They are densely packed and cover the entire sky.

When Sun Rong rushed into the brood nest on the motorcycle transformed by Aohai, Jingke also used force at the same time to clear the way for Sun Rong and Wang Ming.

Buzz!

A trace of brown sword energy emerged. At first it was only as big as a leaf, floating in Jingke's palm. Then when he struck out with his palm, it instantly rose into the sky, forming a beam of light and blasting out.

This sword energy came with great force. The synthetic creatures around him didn't even have time to react when they were exposed to the sword energy. They were completely destroyed.

The synthetic creatures of the dragon and old Japanese bloodlines are indeed not the same as the normal earth spirit beasts. These synthetic creatures are very lethal. A month or two ago, Jingke felt that his combat power was not enough to compete with these synthetic creatures. contend.

But now. Everything is different.

Since Bai Qiao returned and Wang Ling taught him how to practice, his combat power has grown greatly compared to before.

And sometimes he can learn some new abilities while teaching Leng Ming. It perfectly explains what "teaching and learning" means.

After using sword energy to successfully escort Sun Rong and Wang Ming in, Jingke immediately flicked his finger and completely sealed the hole in the laboratory with sword energy.

It only took a moment. The synthetic creatures all over the sky roared in anger.

These dragon-bearded monsters possess certain intelligence. They know that if they want to prevent further destruction in the laboratory, they must defeat the sword spirit in front of them.

soon!

The mental pressure of these dragon-bearded monsters was concentrated on one point and pressed on Jingke's shoulders.

Jingke's figure did not move. His small body withstood the pressure of thousands of synthetic creatures. He still maintained his calm posture. It only made his body sink slightly in this reddish-brown land.

"Jie Jie" In the sky, these synthetic creatures made weird laughter.

Then the tentacles on their bodies began to extend. Thick green mucus overflowed from the suckers, and then they were all connected to each other...

"It can be synthesized? Are you kidding? Synthetic watermelon?" This scene made Heavenly Dao stunned.

Sure enough, the old Japanese creatures give people this extremely mysterious feeling.

He saw the extending tentacles entangled with each other and merged into one amidst the "sizzling" sliding sound of green mucus. He couldn't help but feel a nausea in his heart.

Then, the originally scattered creatures quickly gathered together and condensed into a huge dragon-shaped creature!

The synthesized giant dragon bearded monster is hundreds of meters tall. It waves the dragon wings composed of tentacles on its back. Its claws and tail are all huge tentacles.

With a casual breath, a mouthful of green old phlegm was spat out. It was highly corrosive. The waterfall generally covered the direction of Wang Ling, covering Wang Ling and others in all directions. There was no way to escape at all. room.

Jingke's eyes were extremely calm. He raised his sword fingers and flicked his sleeves across the void.

"Want to cut with sword energy? Haha..." The giant dragon-bearded monster spoke. This was a voice that sounded directly in Jingke's mind. It was transmitted through some mysterious spiritual power.

It seemed to have expected that Jingke would use his sword energy to defend himself. The moment Jingke took action, it let out a mocking cry of success.

As a product of the combination of old Japanese creatures and dragon creatures, its abilities are naturally full of mystery and domineering. It cannot be compared with ordinary cultivation spells on earth.

The special substance contained in this green pus can be transformed into sword energy.

Not only will it not be cut off and evaporated by the sword energy, but it will form hundreds of millions of dense pus beads in an instant, covering them like acid rain. The more it is divided by the sword energy, the greater the coverage density of the pus beads!

It is simply unavoidable!

The giant dragon-bearded monster thought that his plot had succeeded. While he was laughing sinisterly, he saw that the appearance of the sword spirit in front of him seemed to have changed slightly.

The little body became taller. Even the hair became longer. He transformed from a child-like little sword spirit into a stern young man who is still childish but looks hard to mess with.

"You want to dance in front of me with this little strength?" Jingbai opened his eyes and sneered, staring at the dragon-bearded monster several hundred meters tall in the void.

He flicked his sleeves again. The powerful brown sword energy was actually mixed with a hint of green!

As the Lord of the Sword King Realm, he can freely mobilize the sword energy of any spiritual sword in the Sword King Realm for his own use!

And this green sword energy is the combination of the sword energy of "Yu" and "Leng Ming"! It has a powerful purifying power!

At the same time as this sword energy collided with the green pus, even though the pus differentiated into more pus beads at the same time, the corrosive substances inside were also purified completely. It was filtered to be extremely clean on the spot. of rain!

"You are so small-minded. Are you here to embarrass yourself in front of me?"

Jingbai chuckled. "Do you think you are the only one who can synthesize it?"

"..."

Hearing these words Wang Ling, Wang Ying and Heavenly Dao remained silent.

They see through it completely without saying anything.

In fact, with Jingke's current strength, it is no problem to deal with this giant dragon-bearded monster.

But Wang Ling discovered that there is something wrong with Jingke now.

They just try to find excuses for "integration" every time...

Including before. And several times!

It's obvious that Jingke can beat him in his form. He has to pretend that he can't beat him. Then he chooses to merge with Bai Qiao...

All I can say is that he has changed.

At least in Wang Ling's eyes he has changed...

Ever since I found Bai Qiao, I feel like I feel uncomfortable all over if I don't fit in one day.

Wang LingI don’t know if it’s his imagination.

I always feel that Jingke is doing this in disguise... to show affection?

And it seems to be reminding him secretly. Even Sword Spirit has a partner. Why doesn't he have a partner yet?

Good guy...

It turns out that this is waiting for him here...

At this time, the corner of Wang Ling's mouth twitched. He soon regained his composure.

It is impossible to fall in love.

It is impossible for him to fall in love in this life...

And even if one day he really falls in love.

It is also impossible to fall in love with Sun Rong.

The rabbit still won’t eat the grass beside the nest!

...

On the other side, Sun Rong, who had successfully invaded the laboratory, suddenly sneezed hard.

"Are you okay? Is it because you have a cold? But you should...not have a cold now." Wang Ming asked.

"It's okay, Brother Ming. Maybe someone is scolding me?"

"Heh. That's not necessarily true. Maybe I miss you..."

Still looking for the free novel "The Daily Life of the Immortal King?"

Baidu direct search: "Reading novels is easy!





Chapter 1734 The synthetic dragon man


To Wang Ming's surprise. Sun Rong's expression seemed to be particularly calm. The attitude on his face was unmistakable. Not only did he not turn into a steam girl, but he seemed to have a hidden smile.

Is it because you have become numb after being teased too many times?

At this time, Wang Ming secretly thought that he had made a mistake. He felt that he did use too much force and failed to control the rhythm of teasing someone.

"I noticed that you have become calmer. Rongrong." Wang Ming couldn't help laughing. He looked at Sun Rong and said.

"Brother Ming, you guys have made fun of me so many times. I can always get used to it." Sun Rong sighed helplessly.

"Then it seems I have to arrange a bigger surprise to scare you."

Wang Ming smiled. The look on his face was very similar to the way Zhuo Yi smiled "hehehe": "Speaking of which, my laboratory has developed lotus root baby care products. Do you want to try it too?" "

"Lian... lotus root person?"

"It is an experimental product developed for parents who are pregnant or are still planning to have a baby. It allows them to experience the life of raising a baby in advance."

Wang Ming said: "Use the bodies created by Immortal Lotus. Then use big data analysis to analyze the personalities of both men and women. Finally, a virtual personality is formed and injected into the bodies of Immortal Lotus dolls. So, do you want to get one too?"

Sun Rong heard this. He took a breath of air: "I don't want to!"

She refused outright.

I can't imagine what it would be like if there really was such an immortal lotus root doll... And the virtual personality of this immortal lotus root doll must be created by two people.

Who did she...create with?

And Wang Ling?

Sun RongThinking of this, I suddenly felt that I had been tricked again.

She glared at Wang Ming, deliberately showing anger for the first time: "Brother Ming... stop joking. I will really be angry. We are on a mission now!"

"Okay. I went a little too far. I apologize." Wang Ming raised his hands in a gesture of surrender. He had a playful smile on his face. It didn't look like he was apologizing at all.

Sun Rong sighed. Decided not to argue with Wang Ming anymore.

At this time, the two people went deep into the laboratory and found that many researchers in the laboratory maintained the same posture and expression, like frozen wax figures, motionless.

"What's wrong with them?" Sun Rong walked up to a researcher in a white coat. He poked the man's face gently.

"Well, I used brain waves to cover the entire laboratory and freeze their actions." Wang Ming said: "It's similar to a kind of mental suppression? I don't know how to explain it."

"Brother Ming, can you still do this now?"

"Yes. It was definitely not possible before. But now that I have my body back, I feel like I can do a lot of things that I couldn't do before."

"Because of the divine brain?"

"Maybe." Wang Ming said: "Hahaha! After all, this is something from the Eternal One. I feel like I picked something up for nothing this time. And this thing can help enlighten my thinking. Maybe it can help me succeed. Research a new Talisman."

Now Wang Ming does have a different feeling than before. The blessing of the divine brain is equivalent to implanting another motherboard into his brain, allowing him to perform higher-density data calculations directly in his mind. Now he is even It’s not an exaggeration to call it a humanoid self-propelled calculator.

"Brother Ming. Where are we going now?" Sun Rong asked.

She knew that if Wang Ming had used brain waves to freeze the researchers in the entire laboratory, then he must have figured out the entire map of this heaven-level laboratory.

"Go this way."

Wang Ming nodded. Then he gave Sun Rong directions. He directly used brain waves to synchronize the map in Sun Rong's mind and marked their current coordinates.

Sun Rong rode a motorcycle through the laboratory along the map that Wang Ming synchronized in his mind.

Soon they arrived at a confidential location. This was a place sealed by a three-layer smart door and a magic circle. It was an important place for storing dragon bones. "Aohai." Seeing this, Sun Rong called out softly. Then Wang Ming saw a sword energy missile transformed by Aohai fired from the back of the motorcycle. It directly penetrated a huge hole in the triple door.

How can it still be like this?

Wang Ming was stunned for a moment.

He felt that Sun Rong was becoming more and more able to control Aohai.

After entering the laboratory, a huge oval eggshell-shaped crystal container immediately caught the eyes of Wang Ming and Sun Rong. There were hundreds of tubes connected to the outside of the egg-shaped container. The experiments were carried out respectively. Crystal display wall in room interior.

"This is..." At this time, Sun Rong's pupils shrank slightly. He was shocked by the scene in front of him.

Because just behind these display walls are keels of different parts!

"The Dark Devouring Dragon, Cangyuan Dragon and some of the Moonlight Dragon's keel bones. As well as the keel bones of the other dragon clans... seem to be here." Wang Ming's eyes narrowed. The expression on his face quickly became serious.

He and Sun Rong quickly got out of the car and came to the egg-shaped container. There was only one researcher in this huge laboratory. He was also frozen. He also held a password card. He seemed to be planning to use it. What program does the password card activate?

Wang Ming stepped forward and took off the password card. He swiped it directly on the instrument in front of him.

Soon. Sun Rong saw a line of words appear on the screen.

Sun Rong took a step forward, frowned, and continued to read: "What does your favorite person look like? What does this mean, Brother Ming? Is it a password?"

"Maybe." Wang Ming nodded and said with a smile: "Haha. People engaged in research work are under great pressure. They often add their own bad taste in this kind of password setting process. This is similar to what I saw in a foreign country before. The news about doctors is the same. It is said that a foreign doctor carved the letters "S" and "B" on his patient's liver when he was operating on his patient because he was under great pressure."

Sun Rong: "..."

Then. Sun Rong saw Wang Ming put his hand on the researcher's head: "It's okay. Let me see. What is the password in his mind..."

But what is very strange is that Wang Ming has just put his hand on it when the electronic screen in front of him suddenly jumps: "Mind reading completed. The facial features data of the person you like has been successfully read."

"???"

Sun Rong, Wang Ming was shocked at the same time.

God knows this isn't a password at all. It's a mind-reading question...

What shocked Sun Rong and Wang Ming even more.

After this electronic sound, all the conduits connected to the keel in the entire laboratory burst out with bright light at the same time. A stream of energy was absorbed along the conduits by the egg-shaped container in front of you. All of it was injected into the egg-shaped container. Among them!

Buzz!

An astonishing psychic energy appears!

A powerful shock wave erupted from the egg-shaped container. Then cracks gradually appeared on the egg-shaped container.

"This...Brother Ming...what is this..." Sun Rong was shocked.

Because right in front of the egg-shaped container, a six-year-old child appeared. And he still looked like Wang Ling... Although it was just a child-like face. But Sun Rong looked at it You know. That’s what Wang Ling looked like when he was a child!

That question just now. What was read was what Sun Rong was thinking in his heart.

The bright light flickered for a long time. The child who looked almost the same as Wang Ling and was full of dragon aura finally opened his eyes.

His facial features were so similar to Wang Ling that Sun Rong was in a trance for a while. The only difference was the two seven-color glazed dragon horns on the top of his head and the smart seven-colored glazed dragon on his tailbone. tail.

Immediately, something surprising happened to Sun Rong and Wang Ming.

I saw that the child in front of me opened her eyes and looked at Sun Rong. She made a soft and pitiful voice: "Mom..."

Sun Rong: "???"

Still looking for the free novel "The Daily Life of the Immortal King?"

Baidu direct search: "Reading novels is easy!





Chapter 1735 The sudden dumpling


Sun Rong was stunned. He stared at the child in front of him who was only six years old. But he kept staring at the child who called him mother. He was deeply shocked: "Brother Ming... you arranged this... Lotus root person?"

"What are you thinking about? Rongrong. This was not arranged by me. Although I do have this idea, I assure you that I did not create this little guy." Wang Ming raised his head and said: "I just looked at this experiment. Research data in the room. They should be conducting dragon bone gene synthesis experiments..."

"In other words, this child is also a dragonborn?"

"That's right. And... he has all the abilities of the Dragonborn. It's just that their data shows that this experiment has failed 1,624,600 times... Who knows we just invaded here. This little guy It was hatched." Wang Ming said dumbfounded.

Sun Rong: "..."

To be honest, she was a little overwhelmed by the current situation. It was her fault that such a thing happened to her. This was something Sun Rong did not expect.

"Mom, mom..."

The little guy in front of her was still chattering and calling her. He even opened his little hands to ask her to hug him.

Sun Rong looked at the face that looked so much like Wang Ling. He hesitated for a while, but finally picked him up.

The child needed coaxing. She decided to explain to him as gently as possible that she was not his mother: "Listen, little one. I am actually not..."

As a result, she didn't finish her words. The little guy said directly: "My name is Wang Muyu. My father's name is Wang Ling. My mother's name is Sun Rong!"

"?"

Sun Rong was stunned.

She was not stupid. She immediately knew that this was definitely the system that was inputting part of the memory in her mind at the same time as it was forming facial features data. This caused the little guy to start thinking about his life experience.

Things are getting complicated...

Sun Rong frowned, with mixed feelings in his heart. At the same time, he looked at Wang Ming with confusion: "Brother Ming. Why does Wang Ling's great shielding technique not work on him?"

"Ling Ling's Great Shielding Technique can limit the prying eyes of most humans and upper-level cultivators. But this little guy is an omnipotent dragon created by combining the power of all dragons... To limit him, I'm afraid it will take a few more improvements. level." Wang Ming said.

"Mom, mom...who is this person?"

Wang Muyu seemed to be particularly sensitive when he heard Wang Ming say something like "restrict him". At the same time, he stared at Wang Ming. He began to be a little wary, showing a defensive attitude. Then he looked at Wang Ming seriously. Ming asked: "Are you... a mistress?"

Wang Ming: "..."

Sun Rong: "..."

This little guy is not very old, but he knows a lot!

They complained at the same time. Why did this system instill so many strange things into his memory?

Due to Wang Ming's silence for a moment, the little guy's mood suddenly changed. His seven-color dragon horns and dragon tail turned into fiery red. He said in his soft and childish Mandarin: "You... Male mistress! You stole my mother! I'll beat you to death!"

Buzz!

A powerful spiritual energy burst out from his body. It filled the entire laboratory in an instant like a flood.

Sun Rong was surprised in his heart. He felt Wang Muyu's body temperature rising sharply. Then he suddenly felt his hands were hot and had to let go of Wang Muyu.

The little guy who was let go became more ferocious. His eyes also turned fiery red. The color of his eyes was exactly the same as Wang Ling's. The serious and unsmiling little face bore a striking resemblance at this moment.

At that moment, even Wang Ming felt in a trance.

He had watched Wang Ling grow up. And now he was staring at Wang Muyu in front of him. If it weren't for the dragon horns on his head and the dragon tail behind his back, he would really think that this was Wang Ling when he was six years old. }}.

"Rongrong! Protect me!"

Wang Ming's face turned pale with shock. This little guy was terrifyingly powerful.

Even if he merged with the divine brain, he couldn't restrain it. When his mental power was tested, it was actually disintegrated by an invisible magnetic barrier.

Wang Muyu's body combines the genes of various dragon powers. The Magnetic Shield Dragon is just one of them. While fighting, the magnetic field on his body will open at the same time, forming a barrier that can block the intrusion of all mental powers.

"Aohai! Protect Brother Ming!"

Sun Rong reacted quickly. With a thought in her mind, a sea of sea water immediately surrounded Wang Ming and formed a magic ball to wrap it up.

However, soon she suddenly felt a huge force organizing herself, trying to disintegrate the magic ball.

This is...the power of Cangyuan Dragon?

Sun Rong was secretly surprised. This little guy actually had the genes of Cangyuan Dragon, one of the three leaders of the dragon clan, incorporated into his body. He was also trying to use the power of Cangyuan Dragon to destroy her magic ball.

"It's not an option to keep entangled like this, Brother Ming..."

"I don't know either, Rongrong. Why don't you identify it?"

"I'm only sixteen years old... How can I admit this kind of thing casually!"

She was a little anxious. It wasn't because she couldn't resist. All the power of the nine-core Aohai was sent out. It was easy to deal with such a little baby.

But if she unleashed an offensive here, she was worried that the entire laboratory would be destroyed. A bunch of data might be destroyed by then.

After all, the purpose of their coming to the Sky Level Laboratory was not entirely for the dragon bones. They were also looking for some information to study the new Talisman.

On the other hand, she still had good intentions and didn't want to hurt the innocent little guy in front of her.

Although Wang Muyu was created by these thoughtful people, he was also an innocent party.

There is no other way...

At this time, Sun Rong frowned and stared at Wang Muyu: "You...don't you even listen to your mother? I told you to stop!"

"..."

Wang Ming was deeply moved.

I feel that Sun Rong's sacrifice is too great...

This stern rebuke was extremely effective.

Mother's majesty was still there. There was an effect of calming oneself without anger. Wang Muyu's fiery red dragon horns and tail immediately faded and turned into seven colors again.

"Mom..." he shouted softly. This voice made people unable to get angry at all.

Sun Rong picked him up again and scolded him sternly: "This person is not the mistress you mentioned... he is your Uncle Wang Ming!"

"Oh, so that's it. Where's my dad?"

Wang Muyu asked reluctantly.

At this time, Sun Rong was in despair.

But she didn't want to irritate the little dragon man too much. She could only use one lie to cover another lie: "Your father is waiting outside. We need to find some information now. Once we find the information, we can go out and meet him..."

"Yeah! I understand!"

Wang Muyu nodded. Then he pointed in a direction: "There is a core secret room here. I will take you there!"

"The core chamber?"

"Yeah. It's where all the data is stored."

Then he said. He stretched out his little hand and gently pressed on Wang Ming's shoulder.

Whoosh!

Wang Muyu used his ability to move in space to directly bring Sun Rong and Wang Ming into the entire sky-level laboratory. The most confidential area...

...

At the same time, outside the Sky Level Laboratory, Wang Ling was waiting outside eagerly.

Although the huge dragon-bearded monster had been turned white and not even a trace of ash was left. But for some reason, he always felt an ominous premonition...

Still looking for the free novel "The Daily Life of the Immortal King?"

Baidu direct search: "Reading novels is easy!





Chapter 1736 Teamfight


With the help of Wang Muyu, Sun Rong and Wang Ming drove straight in without any hindrance. Directly into the core center of this heaven-level laboratory.

A huge experimental instrument came into Wang Ming's sight. There were countless slots for spiritual pieces on it. Like a brain, it was connected to countless crystal conduits and branched out in all directions.

"It's really the core." Wang Ming looked surprised.

"How to copy data?"

"Just use your brain." As he said, Wang Ming folded his little finger and pulled out a wire used to connect the data.

Sun Rong was stunned: "As expected of Brother Ming. Is this modified..."

"Hehe. It's just a normal operation. Originally, the universal reading device was in the index finger. After I met you, sister Yinzi, it became inconvenient for me to do things, so I moved it to the little finger."

"?"

I don’t know why. Sun Rong feels that this statement sounds a bit meaningful.

After connecting to the universal reading device, Wang Ming's brain worked rapidly. He felt that countless data were absorbed by him and stored in his brain.

Under normal circumstances, the influx of such a huge amount of data would overload Wang Ming's brain and enter overheating mode. But now Wang Ming no longer has such troubles.

The entire reading time is not too long. It only took Wang Ming more than a minute to collect all the data of an entire sky-level laboratory.

The catheter had just been pulled out. He didn't forget to say thank you to Wang Muyu who was stuck on Sun Rong: "Thank you, little dragon man."

"Uncle Ming. Take me to see...Daddy!"

This little guy was actually a little shy. He buried his head in Sun Rong's shoulder as he spoke.

"Tsk. This little guy is so embarrassed." Wang Ming couldn't help but smile.

"Wang Ling He... was like this when he was a child?" Sun Rong couldn't help but be a little curious.

"Not at all..."

Wang Ming shook his head: "He has been incapable of emotion since he was a child. This character should be his original character. He is a very interesting little guy."

"eh...but..."

Sun Rong frowned. He stopped talking.

To be honest, Wang Muyu's sudden appearance made her feel hesitant and at a loss.

"Let's make peace with it now. It's better for the little guy to be in our hands than to fall into the hands of that guy Bai Zhe."

This could not be said to Wang Muyu. So Wang Ming sent a message to Sun Rong through brainwaves and said: "Judging from the current situation, Bai Zhe is studying the Omnipotent Dragon. Essentially, he plans to let this Omnipotent Dragon do it for him." Service. The experiment failed so many times. The only successful one was intercepted by us. So the situation we encounter next is very likely to be..."

"He will send people over to rob people?" Sun Rong reacted quickly.

"Yes. Someone will definitely be sent to snatch it." Wang Ming nodded: "So we must not let this little guy fall into the hands of that kind of person. The little guy is very capable, but his temper looks very simple. As long as he is guided correctly, he will not There will be big problems."

Wang Ming analyzed it very seriously.

He also had the same concerns and worries as Sun Rong.

The main reason is that I don’t know how to explain this to Wang Ling when I actually go out later. And I am very curious about Wang Ling’s reaction when he sees this child...

After all, this feeling of suddenly becoming a father is definitely more of a shock to normal people than a surprise.

Although the Wang Muyu in front of me and Wang Ling actually have no genetic relationship at all. It was only the deep memory of Sun Rong that was read by Five Senses Creation that led to the current result.

But the problem is...

They really look alike!

It’s simply a perfect replica!

Even the dead fish eyes and eye color are the same!

When Wang Ming watched it, there would be a series of dramas in his mind. He couldn't help but think about the way he faced Wang Ling when he was six years old...

He always loved to bully Wang Ling when he was a child.

He was preparing to take Wang Muyu away.

At this time, there was an earthquake in the sky-level laboratory. The ground of the entire laboratory began to shake. Wang Ming frowned. He felt bad: "Someone is coming! And they are powerful. They have invaded here directly!"

In the Tian-level laboratory, several secret transmission channels have been opened.

Due to the fact that the outside of the laboratory is sealed by Jingbai's sword energy, it is impossible to enter directly. We can only use spatial positioning to achieve precise invasion.

At the same moment, countless black marked points appeared on the map in Wang Ming's mind. In the black holes that suddenly appeared, creatures with powerful auras invaded the heaven-level laboratory.

Wang Muyu seemed to sense it too, showing a hostile look in his eyes.

Winding path jump?

He also has this kind of spatial ability.

Therefore, I already had an idea of who the visitor was.

If his judgment was correct, the person coming should be a dragonborn with the power of a space dragon.

Accompanied by a purple aura of disillusionment, a graceful long-haired woman wearing a black cheongsam and red high heels appeared in front of them all.

SCB-l007: Lingyue...

Wang Ming learned the specific information about this person from the data he just learned.

Obviously, Lingyue was the leader in this operation.

The remaining intruders also have the aura of dragon power of the space dragon. These people should be the substitutes separated by Lingyue using the space differentiation spell. It is equivalent to transferring oneself from other spaces from different spaces for combat deployment. This is also the ability possessed by space dragons.

Therefore. She is alone.

It's an army.

"Little guy, I finally found you..." Lingyue showed up and showed her graceful posture. She gently licked her lips, feeling an indescribable enchantment: "I didn't expect. Little one. Guy, you look pretty good. Come to sister. Sister can take you to find daddy."

Wang Muyu frowned and thought for a moment. Then he looked at Sun Rong and asked, "Mom, mom. Why does this aunt say she is her sister?"

Sun Rong, Wang Ming: "..."

big...

Aunt...

Hearing these words, the veins on Ling Yue's forehead twitched violently. He felt like his heart was suddenly hit hard. Tens of millions of grass and mud horses galloped past.

"You brat! Am I that old?" she tried to argue to Wang Muyu.

However, as a Xiaolong man, Wang Muyu's most important thing is sincerity. How can he have any bad intentions?

I saw the little guy sticking out his little tongue. After saying an extremely cute "slightly", he also pulled his eyelids at Lingyue and made a face: "Big milk jugs! They are drooping. And you are talking about yourself." Not aunt...look at me. Mom. This is what a girl should look like!"

"Mu Yu... This is so rude. Children can't say that..." Although it was a child's talk, there were no taboos. But Sun Rong blushed when she heard it. She taught her earnestly. It seemed that there was really something going on. Teach your children how to feel.

On the other hand, Ling Yue couldn't bear it anymore.

No woman can accept the fact that she is called an aunt.

This is an open provocation. She will not tolerate it!

"You brat...and you!" Lingyue stared at Sun Rong fiercely. There was a fierce light in her eyes. The next moment, her body flashed and she disappeared instantly.

This is a method of space jumping. And it is extremely fast. It suddenly appeared behind Sun Rong. It was aimed at the back of Sun Rong's head. The thin legs wearing red high heels were whipped like whips. Came over.

Sun Rong does not dodge or avoid. She is protected by Aohai's sword energy. There is no need to worry about this at all.

However, Wang Muyu's reaction was very fast. The little guy shouted: "Mom, be careful!"

Then, Wang Muyu twisted his body and stretched out his two small arms. He aimed at Lingyue's drawn leg and fired with his bare hands. Using his own two arms, he hit Lingyue's leg hard. Clamp hard...

Lingyue was shocked. She didn't expect Wang Muyu's strength to be so great. Her legs were clamped on the spot. She couldn't move even half a minute...

Still looking for the free novel "The Daily Life of the Immortal King?"

Baidu direct search: "Reading novels is easy!





Chapter 1737 is really similar to Wang Ling in a sense


Lingyue was taken aback. She had never expected that the little guy in front of her had such great power. She whipped her legs with this whip. It was called the Space Nine Continuous Whip. It looked like she only whipped one whip, but in fact it was a total of The nine whip legs are superimposed at the same time to form a huge force.

Although it has not reached the full strength of Lingyue, this output can still produce tens of millions of tons of power when combined.

However, what Lingyue never expected was that the little guy in front of him could easily catch the sword with his bare hands, jamming her slender and snow-white thighs to death the moment she fell!

Not only was it stuck, but Ling Yue could also clearly feel that his own power was being resolved by the opponent...

"Is this...Hua Jin?"

Traditional Kung Fu focuses on transforming strength. But Wang Muyu's move obviously does not.

Lingyue suddenly thought of the Yin-Yang Dragon in the Dragon Clan. This was a high-ranking general in the Dragon Clan's combat power rankings. It was also called the Tai Chi Dragon.

And Wang Muyu is actually fused with the Tai Chi dragon's genes.

Lingyue bit her back teeth and tried to pull her legs back. However, the little guy obviously didn't intend to let her go. She was stunned and couldn't pull out: "You little guy... let me go quickly!" "

"Humph! Just let it go!" Wang Muyu obviously hated Ling Yue. While pushing her away, he actually doubled the power that he had previously removed and returned it back. Ling Yue felt a strong sensation the moment he was released. A huge force like a torrent rushed towards her.

Buzz!

At the critical moment, Wang Muyu only saw Ling Yue's figure flicker. The force hit her hard...Sun Rong saw her flying backwards, vomiting blood.

"Mom, she moves so fast." Wang Muyu looked calm. Although Lingyue's reaction was quick, he could still see clearly.

At the moment when he returned his power and hit her body, Lingyue used the power of space jump. He exchanged the position of his own body with a space double. He let the double bear the blow for him. Then he continued again. Afterwards, he transferred himself back to the battlefield.

This kind of movement can be said to be done in one go. It flows smoothly.

Obviously this was not the first time that Lingyue used a space avatar to block a knife for himself. As someone who also had dragon space capabilities, Wang Muyu's expression looked very serious at this time.

Exchange good books. Follow the vx official account. [Book Friends Base Camp]. Follow now. You can receive cash red envelopes!

Auntie, is this the ability of the space double to be used?" Wang Muyu asked.

"How I use it has nothing to do with you!" Lingyue's face turned as pale as pig liver. It was not because he was injured, but because he was purely angry with Wang Muyu.

Thinking of her as a charming female dragonborn, being called aunt by a child with no hair on her head. This age difference made her feel shuddering.

"Substitute! You are the one who should work hard for me! I can use it however I want. It has nothing to do with you!" Lingyue retorted.

These space avatars around her have always been regarded as tool dragons by her. They have already formed a habit.

"Auntie, this is your fault. The space double will also hurt."

"Don't call me aunt! What do you, a young boy, know?"

"Auntie, you should still be a virgin, right?"

At this time, Wang Muyu asked again. Sun Rong and Wang Ming who were listening to this question almost choked.

Because he has the Moonlight Dragon gene, Wang Muyu also has a lot of insight into the physiological structure of the dragon clan. He also has the ability to tell whether the opponent is a virgin dragon at a glance...

"You're so old and you still don't have a boyfriend. How pitiful. You're already an aunt. Haven't you opened your shop yet?" Wang Muyu said.

These words were not meant for Qi Lingyue. They were Wang Muyu's sincere greetings from the bottom of his heart. He felt that Lingyue was really pitiful.

However, to Ling Yue, these greetings were nothing more than a soul-crushing blow from deep within his soul.

"Today, I must take you back, little thing! Imprison you!" She was furious. Her face turned blue. Wang Muyu's words hurt her. All she wanted in her mind was to catch Wang Muyu and ravage her severely.

The next moment, Lingyue's figure changed again. A silver ball appeared in the void.

This is Lingyue’s Dragonborn exclusive magic weapon: the element-eating ball! The sequence level has reached level 3!

"Mom and uncle, be careful! This aunt is very likely to hit someone with the ball!" Wang Muyu's eyes instantly became alert. The element-devouring ball is elusive. It can appear in any space and direction.

One of the most tortured methods is to move the element-eating ball into the human body. Then let the element-eating ball explode directly in the human body.

Wang Muyu is well aware of the characteristics of the Yuan-devouring Ball. Therefore, he was on guard the moment the Yuan-devouring Ball appeared.

The next moment, his expression became serious. There was a buzz!

An energy was like a sea, spreading out in all directions like a tide. With Wang Muyu as the center, the entire sky-level laboratory was shaking. It soon spread to places outside the laboratory.

Lingyue's expression changed in shock. He never expected that Wang Muyu's spiritual energy could continue to surge.

Soon, a scene that shocked her even more happened. She found that the element-devouring ball in her hand was completely out of control!

He didn't listen to her orders at all. It was as if another force had intervened and forcibly reversed the situation. This was the first time such a thing had happened, leaving Lingyue a little at a loss.

"What's going on???" She had questions all over her face. The fact that the magic weapon was out of control made her instantly feel panicked.

However, before she could react, a burst of explosions like firecrackers suddenly sounded in her mind. Countless spiritual links were broken.

She actually felt that the countless space substitutes she had established were completely disconnected from herself.

Each of these substitutes lost contact with her.

What is going on?

She was puzzled.

Then in the next second, one of the space avatars walked up to her in two or three steps: "You Bichi. I have tolerated you for a long time!"

Next!

Snap! A sound!

A slap on Ling Yue's face...

...

This huge amount of spiritual energy was captured by Wang Ling and others at the same time. This made Wang Ling frown slightly.

"Very strong spiritual power." Wang Ying also looked serious: "Except for me, the leader and Nuan Meizi, among all the opponents we have encountered so far, no one can burst out such a powerful spiritual power. If this person is not a friend, Fang. will be a formidable enemy."

"But I don't feel any malice from this spiritual energy." Death Heavenly Dao said.

"The strong can restrain their murderous intent. This is not uncommon."

"But the dragonborn's aura is mixed. It seems strange."

"Could it be a dragonborn that combines multiple genes?" Wang Ying smiled: "It depends. This guy is quite interesting. I think maybe Zhaoan can come here."

At this time, only Wang Ling remained silent.

Because he has already peeked at the screen.

And staring at Wang Muyu's face, I began to doubt my life...

Still looking for the free novel "The Daily Life of the Immortal King?"

Baidu direct search: "Reading novels is easy!





Chapter 1738 Dragon Fist is by my side


The space improvement was backlashed and betrayed on the spot. This was something Ling Yue never expected. The substitute's strength was limited when she summoned it. Although it was not as strong as the original body, it suddenly received this slap. Ling Yue was caught off guard. Of course it's uncomfortable to jump.

She was beaten so much that blood oozed from the corners of her mouth. There was a distinct fingerprint on her face. There were also faint traces of her face being cut by sharp nails.

"You Bichi! You always use us to block the knife! I can't stand you for a long time! Hetui!" Previously, the space double who took the initiative to hit Ling Yue did not forget to vomit on Ling Yue after the beating. He took a mouthful of phlegm.

And how could Lingyue be a person willing to suffer such humiliation?

So at this moment, her psychic energy surged again. But the target was not Sun Rong, Wang Muyu or Wang Ming. It was her own substitute.

Although dragonborn possess the genes of dragon power, half of their genes essentially belong to human cultivators.

So the facts prove that the fight between women and women is not much different from the fight between dragon girl and dragon girl.

"Mom, look, there are two aunts here!" Under Wang Muyu's clapping and cheering, Lingyue and his space double fought fiercely. From the beginning, they pulled each other's hair, and then rolled all over the floor. The posture is very similar to those female stars who compete in variety shows. The internal smell is really too strong.

"You can actually break their spatial link?" Sun Rong asked, touching Wang Muyu's little head.

Wang Muyu squinted his eyes and looked like he was enjoying it. After a while, he answered: "Yes! But I didn't know their link was so fragile. It broke as soon as I broke it."

After several battles, both Lingyue and the space double suffered a lot of injuries. A piece of Lingyue's hair was plucked out. Shengsheng advanced from the aunt to the "Fire Cloud Evil God."

"Aunts, come on! Take back your sovereignty!" Wang Muyu was on the side, looking like he was watching the fun and not taking it too seriously.

But what he said was to those space substitutes: "The main thing is to defeat this Aunt Noumenon. You will be free! And when the time comes, the Aunt Noumenon will become a substitute. You can elect one of you to replace the main body and stay here!" "

Something that makes Sun Rong feel a little surprised. Although Wang Muyu is not very old, he seems to have a good way of provoking troubles.

"Stand-in aunties! You can no longer be oppressed! You have to stand up! You have to fight! You have to resist!"

"The life of the substitute is also life! You can't let the main body use it to do whatever you want! Who is not a good aunt with an innocent fortune?"

"Chaoci Baidi Caiyunjian. Dragon Fist is by my side! Love is always there in thousands of rivers and mountains. Can you give her two punches?"

...

Wang Ming: "..."

Sun Rong: "..."

She didn't even know where Wang Muyu learned his trouble-making ability. But if he hadn't been online frequently, he would never have been able to carry out targeted strikes so accurately.

Listening to Wang Muyu's words, these substitutes began to get excited one by one. They began to feel angry in their hearts and grew evil. They geared up and stared at Ling Yue, as if they were ready to attack.

"Don't listen to his deception. This is all their plan!" Lingyue, who was beaten with a bruised nose and face, began to fight back.

"Plot? No. I think he is right! Even if we are substitutes, we still have the right to pursue equality!"

The first space double snorted dissatisfied: "You should know very well what you have done to us when we were stand-ins. In your eyes, we can just be used and abandoned by you at any time, blocking the way for you. It's just a tool of the Dragon Man!"

"Equal rights! Equal rights! We want equal rights!"

Lingyue: "..."

However, this is not the most desperate. The most desperate thing is Wang Muyu's next sentence: "Come on, stand-ins! I support you! Come here. I will give you some reinforcements!"

Because he knows how to use space abilities, it is easy for Wang Muyu to use his own means to strengthen these space dragon dragonborn avatars.

...

Therefore, this battle was not without its cruelty. Under the tide of punches and kicks, Ling Yue was finally beaten to the point of dying. He was on the verge of dying at any time.

These space avatars were also discussed. The one who fought the most fiercely in the queue was chosen to stay here instead of Lingyue. He became the new Lingyue and exchanged space with Lingyue's body.

The remaining substitutes will each return to their original spaces.

"Don't worry, sisters. I am different from this Bichi. I will never treat you as tools. Just now, everyone's dragon punch was very good! It fully highlights our modern female dragon descendants' pursuit of equal rights and their beautiful yearning for freedom. !And in the future, I will continue to carry this vision and work hard with all the sisters to create a better future!"

After a series of declarations of taking office.

A burst of thunderous applause erupted from the scene.

At this point, the action regarding Lingyue’s arrest of Wang Muyu has come to an end...

"Mr. Xiao Wang!"

After all the space avatars were pushed away, Xin Lingyue turned around and bowed to Wang Muyu with clasped fists: "From now on, Xin Lingyue will follow you, Mr. Wang!"

"Okay, sister." Wang Muyu smiled and changed his words quickly. For a moment, the whole air fell into a happy atmosphere.

Sun Rong couldn't help laughing in her heart.

She didn't know how to describe Wang Muyu.

This little guy...

It's true that you talk to people when you see them, and you talk about ghosts when you see them.

I don't know if those words that sounded so sincere were the words he blurted out in a childlike manner or were the result of careful consideration.

In short, she could feel Wang Muyu's thoughts. He was by no means an ordinary child.

Not only is he strong in ability, but his ideas are also different from those of ordinary children of this age.

After the new Lingyue was successfully recruited, the expression on Wang Muyu's face became serious again: "It's so annoying, Mom. They seem to have sent someone here again."

"The mission of Bichi in front failed. I'm afraid they already know it. So it's not surprising to send someone here." Xin Lingyue said. She sensed the person's aura. Immediately, her whole expression changed drastically: "This... Is it the scent of SCB-l001?"

"Is it that uncle named Jingze?" Wang Muyu asked.

"It's him." Xin Lingyue nodded: "He is the first born among all our dragon descendants. He is also the oldest dragon descendant. And now he is also covered with the eternal moon starlight! That was given by the Moon Dragon Lord. The overall reinforcement he exerts..."

Tian-level laboratory. Several people were communicating and moving at the same time.

"Huh? But how do I feel? His attention doesn't seem to be on me?"

Wang Muyu showed a puzzled expression.

When he used his space ability to transfer everyone out of the sky-level laboratory.

Introduce the scene before you.

It's the scene where Jingze, wearing two diamond gloves and holding a black umbrella, fights a young man in sportswear...

They were facing each other. The expression on Jingze's face was obviously solemn.

Wang Ling...

He remembered...

Before he died, monk Jin Deng asked him to find the young man.

Oh.

Now, he has been imbued with the eternal moon starlight and has become stronger.

Bad luck for him!

...

Little did he know that at this time. Wang Ling also thought the same way.

Still looking for the free novel "The Daily Life of the Immortal King?"

Baidu direct search: "Reading novels is easy!





Chapter 1739 The showdown between Jingze and "Wang Ling Buddha"


Looking at the young man in the distance, Wang Muyu fell into a faint daze at first. Then his expression changed to one of deep excitement.

"Dad..." He instinctively wanted to shout, but Sun Rong covered his mouth.

Wang Muyu: "?"

Sun Rong: "Your father is... fighting... Mu Yu, be good. Don't disturb him yet..."

Wang Muyu nodded obediently: "Yeah!"

After releasing Wang Muyu's hand, Sun Rong breathed a sigh of relief. She knew that this was just a temporary measure and could not last too long. With Wang Muyu's personality, he would definitely recognize this "father."

Sun Rong knew that this was actually embarrassing, so she almost subconsciously stopped Wang Muyu's behavior. But in fact, on the other hand, she was actually a little curious about what kind of reaction Wang Ling would show.

"We'll think of a solution later, Rongrong. He will understand." Wang Ming patted Sun Rong on the shoulder. He smiled bitterly.

At this time, several people stood on the outer platform of the Tian-level laboratory and watched.

Everyone knows that there is a big battle ahead.

Jingze came fully armed with Yongyue Xinghui. The original purpose was to capture Wang Muyu.

And now. All his attention is attracted by Wang Ling.

Despite knowing that, as a company employee, being attracted to foreign affairs during the course of work is a violation of employee regulations.

But the words of Monk Jin Deng still lingered in his ears.

Now after seeing Wang Ling with his own eyes, he found that all the attention in his mind was attracted by Wang Ling.

"You...are Wang Ling..." He stared at the young man in front of him. Those red dead fish eyes particularly attracted his attention. It seemed as if they could suck him in.

Quickly, he turned away from his eyes, being careful not to look directly at Wang Ling.

He could tell that there was something strange about Wang Ling's eyes. Their origins were unusual. There might be hidden dangers if they looked directly into each other's eyes.

"Ling Zhenren's name. How can you ask?" Death Heavenly Dao took a step forward.

However, Jingze didn't take him seriously at all: "Haha. Little Heavenly Dao. Go away. You are just a Heavenly Dao. Stop being arrogant. Otherwise, I can destroy you at any time."

This arrogance made the corners of Heavenly Dao's mouth twitch. He felt that this was the most embarrassing time for him.

But after thinking about it, he decided to forget it...

Anyway, Wang Ling can help him seek justice later.

On the other hand, it was also because Wang Ying was holding him aside and not letting him do anything.

And seeing Wang Ying trying to break up the fight, Jingze hehe: "Interesting. This is the first time I've seen someone materialize their own shadow to this extent. Why? You brat, you materialize your shadow. It's to help you write. Homework?"

"..."

Wang Ying clenched her fists. At the same time, she kept telling herself to be patient.

At this time, after looking Wang Ling up and down, Jingze sneered again: "Before Monk Jin Deng died, he said that you were very strong. Let me come to you and said that I just want to fight with you." You will understand. But now when I look at it, it turns out that he is just a young man. He doesn't seem to be as strong as he thought."

That's what he said. But in fact, Jingze did not relax his vigilance towards Wang Ling at all. Although in Jingze's eyes, Wang Ling looked like an ordinary young man.

The youthful vigor in him was enough for Jingze to estimate Wang Ling's age.

Many of those powerful Eternals are sluggish. Because they have lived for too long and relied on their cultivation to build up their longevity, they have long lost the vitality of their youth.

Even if cultivators can use spells or elixirs to keep themselves young forever, the loss of vitality is irreversible.

Of course, the presence or absence of vitality has little impact or blessing on strength itself. It can only be used as a way to determine age.

Therefore, when Wang Ling appeared in front of Jingze full of vigor, his thoughts fell into confusion for a brief moment.

A boy who is only sixteen years old.

How strong can it be? He was very curious.

The reason why we are still vigilant now is partly because of the last words of Monk Jin Deng before his death.

On the other hand, it was because he had suffered a serious injury at the hands of a baby girl before...

If he judged correctly, the boy in front of him was the baby girl's brother.

In this case, we really have to take precautions.

So now for Jingze, there is a question that has to be raised.

If the boy in front of me is also a monster...

So why can two ordinary and ordinary earthlings give birth to these two monsters?

Even a genetic mutation would not lead to this...

At this time, Jingze put on a fighting posture. He showed a parrying posture. He stared at Wang Ling with a burning gaze. The steps under his feet were steady and flexible. There was a bit of murderous intent: "Come on with your skills. .You are young. You make the first move."

His original intention was to let Wang Ling make the first move, so as to test Wang Ling's skills and find flaws in it.

Wang Ling looked calm.

He had never heard of such a strange request.

Chi!

The next second, he turned into a ray of light and quickly rushed to Jingze. As fast as thunder. He took action in an instant! Aiming at Jingze's belly!

"?"

Jingze's hair stood on end instantly. The sense of danger approaching instantly made him terrified. The speed was too fast!

It’s simply outrageous!

In fact. Wang Ling has not yet used its full strength.

Because he felt that if he really killed Jingze with one blow, it would be too easy for him.

Just the matter of Jingze unilaterally harassing Wang Nuan. He felt that he couldn't let it go.

Although Ah Nuan girl successfully defended herself and did not suffer any harm, the harassment did still occur. In Wang Ling's mind, this alone is enough to be considered a capital crime.

Bang!

Wang Ling kicked out. Like a dragon shadow. Extremely fast and fierce.

He knew that the opponent he was facing was a dragonborn, so he decided to use the dragon-shaped body technique he had mastered to deal with it. This was a provocation and humiliation. Jingze became furious in a brief moment.

"Earth cultivators will never reach the level of Dragonborn..." He gritted his teeth. He barely reacted and blocked it with his own arm. Wang Ling's kick directly hit his forearm. It was fierce and domineering. It was so shocking that all the bones in his body were shaking.

At that moment, Jingze felt the qi and blood surge inside his body. There was a stream of blood flowing backwards from deep inside his body. It was almost about to spurt out.

As a result, at this moment, the Eternal Moon Starlight draped over him was activated at the same time. It emitted a burst of light and bright moonlight, surrounding his body with an airtight air. Almost at the moment he was injured, he was cured. His surging blood was pushed back.

This scene made Wang Ling raise his eyebrows.

Because it was also the first time he saw an opponent who could ignore the effects of his serious injuries.

As a sandbag.

Jingze. Already qualified.

Still looking for the free novel "The Daily Life of the Immortal King?"

Baidu direct search: "Reading novels is easy!





Chapter 1740 Explosive Hammer Cleansing


"You hit me. I am not injured. Therefore, you have no chance of winning this battle. I admit that you are very strong. You can be regarded as a genius. But sometimes, the problem of bloodline suppression goes back to the root cause and can never be solved."

Jingze laughed. There was a sense of arrogance on his face when he said this. As the inheritor of the dragon bloodline, the dragon genes they carry make him confident enough.

Even though Wang Ling is really strong. It surpasses everyone he has met before. And it has refreshed his understanding of human cultivators on earth.

But this vanity and pride will not let him admit this frustration.

The next moment, he raised his hands at the same time. Golden thunder danced on the two immortal diamond gloves.

then!

--Pah!

In fact, it was two finger snaps from the left and right hands. They were made at the same time. They were aimed at Wang Ling. A powerful spiritual energy came in and moved towards him to suppress it.

Accompanied by this spiritual wave with powerful suppressive power, there was a golden rain all over the sky. Even Wang Ling had never seen such a magical sight. He never thought that lightning could be like heavy rain. It's generally roaring. It's coming in overwhelming numbers.

And. In the large swath of electric light, chaotic energy surged. It was generated in Wang Ling's body!

The sequence level of this immortal diamond glove has reached level three. Its basic ability is to generate chaos in the body of a locked creature. It is then detonated multiple times by external lightning, thunder and spiritual pressure, thereby exploding the power of chaos in the body of the creature.

At this time, Wang Ling really felt a breath of gas being generated in his body. It felt like drinking too much cola, which produced a large amount of carbon dioxide gas in the body. It gave a feeling of bloating.

However, Wang Ling's internal organs are extremely powerful. Far beyond Jize's imagination. Under normal circumstances, one snap of his fingers is enough. In the end, he snapped his fingers twice at the same time. Wang Ling didn't seem to have any Big changes...

Snap!

He gritted his teeth and snapped his fingers a few more times.

And at this moment, the reaction he had been waiting for finally arrived!

I saw Wang Ling's belly bulging slightly. It felt like it was about to explode at any moment.

The expression on Jingze's face was filled with excitement. He eagerly wanted to see Wang Ling fall apart.

Boom!

Then at the next moment, a stream of purple air like a long dragon spurted out from Wang Ling's mouth like a destructive death light!

At this moment, countless chaotic energy accumulated in Wang Ling's body by the immortal diamond gloves were released together! It produced amazing destructive power!

"Fuck!"

Jingze couldn't help but swear. This was the first time he saw such a person...

He can actually use the form of hiccups to make the basic abilities of his diamond gloves invisible.

Ta!

There was a crisp sound, like two pieces of jade clashing. Jingze held the God-Eating Umbrella in his hand and opened the umbrella completely, resisting the chaotic airflow that came out of Wang Ling's body.

What kind of monster is this...

At the same time, Jingze was also feeling emotional. He felt that he was in trouble.

However, as a brave and skilled dragonborn, he felt an unprecedented excitement growing in his body.

"Come on! Keep going!" He roared. The electric wings behind his back spread out and turned into lightning. He suddenly came forward, extremely fiercely. At the same time, his five fingers spread out. The diamond gloves on his hands were mixed with lightning, making a clanking sound.

Buzz!

This palm carries the power of a giant dragon that belongs exclusively to Jingze. Wang Ling can see the virtual image formed behind him. It is an electric dragon with dragon wings that covers the sky and the sun. When the wings are spread out, it can The whole sky is covered.

"Thousands of thunder!" Jingze shouted. With this palm, the thunder roared all around. It was extremely bright, with powerful spiritual energy ripples spreading to all directions. It could be said that it was magnificent.

Suddenly, the void trembled. The figures of everyone around them could not help but sway. They were slightly unstable.

Wang Ling raised his arm. Feng Qingyundan used the strength of one arm to resist. The palm hit his forearm.

There was a sound of divine iron colliding. At the same time, the ground cracked under his feet. The power of thunder followed his body and shattered the reddish-brown land. It stretched for hundreds of miles. Everything was shattered by the power of thunder! Ah!

Many employees of Baobai Group screamed at the same time. They were hit by this thunderous thunder. Even if they were wearing protective clothing, they were instantly chopped into charcoal. Only those farther away from the center survived.

Those who were close were the worst off. They were chopped into powder. Not even ashes were left.

Jingze's fighting behavior was completely reckless. He even killed his own people when he was ruthless. This was a serious violation of employee regulations. However, at this time, he was in high spirits and had no intention of caring about these many things.

I just want to have a vigorous battle with Wang Ling.

Wang Ling looked extremely ancient from beginning to end. There was a surge of blue spiritual energy all over his body. This was the trace of surging mana. It carried a kind of terrifying power.

After receiving Jingze's palm, his right palm almost instantly charged up and swung it towards his right face.

Jingze couldn't even see clearly the trajectory of Wang Ling's palm. The next moment, his face was in close contact with Wang Ling's slap.

Then, he flew away completely.

With a bang, it turned into a point of light and flew towards the distance. It was like a pebble that was drifted on the sea. It kept rolling and crashing on the ground of Dragon Cemetery, and did not stop until it was very far away. But come down.

cough...

He spit out a mouthful of blood. He was shocked to find that the healing effect of Yongyue Xinghui on his body seemed to have weakened. He could obviously ignore the serious injury of Yongyue Xinghui, but it didn't play its due role when this palm came. This made Jing Jing Ze couldn't help but feel doubtful.

On the other side, Wang Ling shook his hand and moved the joints on his wrist.

Yongyue Xinghui does have a restraining effect on serious injuries. However, the strength of the serious injury effect also depends on how powerful Wang Ling's own palm is.

The first few times he beat Bai Zhe. Wang Ling didn't say that. That was all his power...

The spiritual energy and power in his body are growing almost every day. When he wakes up, it reaches a new level.

Therefore, as long as the power of his slap is strong enough, it will be enough to offset the effect of Yongyue Xinghui.

Judging from the current effect, the power of the palm just now seems not enough. Although the instant healing effect of Yongyue Xinghui has disappeared, Jingze can still be restored.

This is not a situation Wang Ling wants to see.

What he wanted to see was the scene of Jingze being beaten to pieces by him.

Who asked him to touch Wang Nuan...

Since you dare to try, don't be afraid of death.

He didn't even wait for Jingze to get up from the pit. His whole figure came closer again. Like a ghost, he directly swung his legs, describing it as a dragon and a snake. He swept directly over and scooped Jingze up from the ground and kicked him into the air.

No one would doubt the power of Wang Ling's kick. It was powerful enough to break the stars...

However, what Jingze faced was not just Wang Ling's kick.

And next. Wang Ling aims at the void and slaps away the Tathagata palm...

Still looking for the free novel "The Daily Life of the Immortal King?"

Baidu direct search: "Reading novels is easy!





Chapter 1741 The decisiveness of the sister control


Since ancient times, all Tathagata palms have been from top to bottom. But Wang Ling's palm is extraordinary.

This is a palm that combines modern mathematical knowledge and mastery of the principle of parabola.

By accurately calculating the angle and landing point, the spiritual power is first gathered and struck toward the sky. Through the principle of parabola, the spiritual energy gathered in this palm becomes a concrete palm print in the air. Then it falls rapidly through the acceleration of gravity. The magic power is magnificent and stretches. Continuously.

Wang Ling aimed at the void and struck one after another. The palms of Tathagata struck down continuously. One palm after another. It seemed to be endless.

Jingze was slapped on the ground and couldn't move. Even if he tried to gather strength to get up from the ground, as soon as he raised his upper body, his whole body was hit hard by Wang Ling's Parabolic Tathagata Palm, and he kowtowed to the ground.

At the same time, his figure continued to sink with the power of this palm. He was gradually buried into the earth in front of him. Finally, he sank to a position six kilometers underground in the Dragon Cemetery before stopping. But come down.

At this moment, Jingze's aura of eternal moon starlight has become very dim. Because the injury is too serious, this level of eternal moon starlight is no longer enough to see.

He was covered in blood. The electric light on his body flashed. It was far less bright than it was at the beginning. It seemed that all the power in his body had been exhausted. It was in urgent need of recharging.

Don’t have money to read novels? I’ll give you cash or coins. You can get it for one day only! Follow the official account [Book Friends Base Camp] to get it for free!

At this time, all he needed was Wang Ling to add one more palm. Jingze had no chance of surviving. But he still stopped at the critical moment.

As an "old torturer", he felt that letting Jingze die so straightforwardly was a bit too easy on him.

Therefore, he deliberately left some room for Jingze to have enough time to recover.

And such a sense of despair, only Jingze could feel it at this time. Although he had a premonition of how strong Wang Ling was, Jingze was stunned and didn't expect that even if he was covered with the eternal moon and stars, it would still be difficult for him. To escape the situation of being beaten to pieces.

This is a monster...

A monster among human cultivators. Jingze could never imagine that he, a dragonborn, would be beaten by a human cultivator until he was unable to fight back.

"Save me..." However, at this time, he had no extra strength. He just wanted to buy some time for his recovery. He began to feel fear. Fear Wang Ling gave him another slap in the face.

Buzz!

So at this moment, the Dragonborn magic weapon, the diamond gloves and the God-Eating Umbrella on his body all lit up, bursting into bright light.

Also lit up at the same time was the Burning Sky Chain Hammer he borrowed from Yan?

This is the only one among their dragon descendants that currently reaches level four. It represents the chaos weapon of light! It has infinite power!

In front of the Burning Sky Chain Hammer, his diamond gloves and God-Eating Umbrella became followers at this moment. They turned into streams of light and clung to behind the Burning Sky Chain Hammer.

When the crimson flames burst out from the deep underground pit in Jingze, the immortal divinity of the Burning Sky Chain Hammer also burst out at the same time.

Bright, brilliant, brilliant, immortal...all these words that symbolize the supreme are reflected in the Burning Sky Chain Hammer at this moment.

Then, right in front of Wang Ling, the Burning Sky Chain Hammer materialized into a weapon spirit. It was a red-skinned muscular man. He had a big beard made of braided flowers and a pigtail. He looked very much like a giant spirit. God's appearance.

His body was huge, covering the sky and the sun, and was as high as a hundred feet. At the same time, his eyes radiated light, as bright as two suns.

Boom!

Wang Ling didn't say any nonsense. This time he didn't hesitate at all. He directly started to strike with another palm. He struck out at the huge Hammer Spirit.

This palm was simple and unpretentious, without any decoration. But Hammer Spirit already knew that Wang Ling was powerful. He did not relax at all and fully deployed his defensive posture.

Bang!

A bang!

He was shocked and his body was immediately covered by a layer of holy flame armor. This was an armor formed from the flames in the core of the sun.

The moment he appeared, everything around him was burned into scorched earth. Then burned into powder. His whole body was as bright as an eternal star, exuding immortal light.

"Oops! It's indeed a light weapon... Daddy is in danger!" Wang Muyu felt nervous for a while. He grabbed Sun Rong's shoulder with his little hands and trembled slightly.

He subconsciously wanted to help. However, Sun Rong hugged him and prevented him from moving: "Don't disturb him. Mu Yu. Let's just watch his performance."

"But..." Wang Muyu was still worried.

Such holy flame armor is simply difficult to defend. When he saw Wang Ling leaning over like this desperately, he immediately thought of the legend of Kuafu Zhuri in his mind.

Because all his memories were entered into the computer, the knowledge in his mind was mixed. It was like an encyclopedia. He knew a little bit about everything. But because the amount of information was too large, he didn't understand it very thoroughly.

"Ah! No! Daddy is about to hit me!" Wang Muyu screamed. He stretched out his little hands to cover his eyes. When he saw this scene, he almost cried.

However...

Wang Ling is powerful. But it is far beyond his imagination.

Because the moment Wang Ling approached, a large piece of the Holy Flame Armor on Hammer Spirit suddenly lost! The flames in that area gathered into a fire tornado, which was swallowed up by Wang Ling's King's Eyes. !

Therefore, when Wang Ling gets close, there is no need to consider the influence of the Holy Flame Armor.

In fact, even without the power of King's Eyes, this holy flame will have no effect on Wang Ling. Wang Ling can't even feel the temperature.

But the problem is. The sportswear he is wearing is innocent. And the level of enlightenment is not too high.

If it were close-fitting, the temperature of the Holy Flame Armor would most likely burn his sportswear.

Wang Ling didn't want to appear naked in front of so many people. That's why he used King's Eyes to absorb the holy flame.

"Bang!"

The palm of Wang Ling hit the Holy Flame Armor firmly, beating Hammerling's armor to pieces. In just a moment, his body was as bright as fireworks. Sparks burst out all over his body, directly breaking his defense!

This palm directly destroyed everything, sending this immortal light into collapse. The hundred-foot-tall Hammer Spirit fell down at the same time, like a mountain collapsing. Countless Baobai Group employees on the ground suffered another disaster. Wrong soul.

At the same time, no one among the living employees at Baobai Group expected that this huge hammer spirit would be killed again in this short moment.

The strength of this young man is really terrifying. He is basically invincible!

"It's amazing..." At this time, Wang Muyu also calmed down completely. He no longer thought about helping Wang Ling. His pupils shrank. He felt that his world view and cognition had been subverted. There was a feeling of being refreshed.

At the same time, in his young mind, one thing was even more confirmed...

Wang Muyu looked at Wang Ling's back with admiring eyes: "He is really my dad. So awesome! Only my dad can be so awesome!"

Wang Ming blushed: "What if... what if... No? Mu Yu. I don't think you should be so hasty about recognizing your father. Maybe he would rather treat you as his younger brother..."

"I don't care. He is my father."

Wang Muyu shook his head stubbornly. He buried his little head into Sun Rong's shoulder. He snorted: "From now on, we'll talk about our own affairs. I'll call him daddy. He'll call me brother." ."

Sun Rong, Wang Ming: "..."

Still looking for the free novel "The Daily Life of the Immortal King?"

Baidu direct search: "Reading novels is easy!





Chapter 1742 The 4th Dragon Lord


Wang Muyu wanted to recognize Wang Ling as his father. For a moment, Sun Rong was speechless and didn't know how to explain it. At the same time, Wang Ming also felt a bit bitter in his heart. Unexpectedly, Wang Ling He was only sixteen years old and he actually experienced something like this.

He could foresee Wang Ling's despair. After all, he became the father of a strange child just because of a disagreement. This is indeed outrageous.

If it were Wang Ming himself, he would probably be shocked.

But at this time, Wang Ming was still thinking of a solution. He stared at the battlefield ahead. When the figure of a white-haired boy came into view.

Wang Ming's thoughts suddenly changed. His eyes lit up and he asked Wang Muyu: "Um, Xiao Muyu. In fact, the guy you see fighting now is not your father. The white-haired guy over there is. Look. He looks so much like you."

Wang Muyu poked out his little head and glanced at Wang Ying. He frowned slightly. Then he buried his head into Sun Rong's shoulder: "Huh... I don't want..."

Wang Ming: "But you can't mistake your father."

Wang Muyu: "He is not my father. My father looks so vulgar."

Sun Rong, Wang Ming: "..."

Sun Rong: "But. He looks exactly the same as his classmate Wang Ling. How can you tell that he is obscene... vulgar..."

Wang Muyu's voice was soft and soft. He whispered softly: "It mainly depends on your temperament. It is a kind of metaphysical vulgarity."

"..."

For a long time, Sun Rong and Wang Ming were stunned and did not speak.

Only Sun Ying'er couldn't bear it any longer. Finally, she burst into laughter as clear as silver bells. The laughter was extremely magical. She was worried that she would be heard by Wang Ying, but it was too difficult to bear.

This is meeting a soulmate!

Sun Ying'er felt funny and excited at the same time: "Mu Yu, what you said is good! Sister, I support you! If I had such a father, I would commit suicide by committing seppuku!"

On the battlefield, Wang Ying's face was obviously very ugly. His eyes were always staring in the direction of Sun Rong. There was a depth in his eyes. At the same time, when facing Wang Muyu, there was also a kind of expression written on his face. Hostility.

At the same time, on the other side, when the hammer spirit of the Burning Sky Chain Hammer was instantly killed by Wang Ling with one palm, the diamond gloves and God-Eating Umbrella behind him were also trembling.

They instinctively sensed danger and wanted to retreat. However, Wang Ling turned into a stream of light first and grabbed their tails. Mainly targeting the God-Eating Umbrella, holding it in the palm of his hand.

This is a very special chaos device. Wang Ling can sense it. It can swallow the highest world. This kind of space-devouring magic weapon is almost unique.

However, at this time, God-Eating Umbrella was pinched by Wang Ling's throat. He was restrained tightly. He did not dare to resist at all.

Boom!

Wang Ling punched the umbrella rib. The God-Eating Umbrella was so beaten on the spot that it drooled. Accompanied by screams and nausea, countless chaotic energy was released from it.

Until the end. The God-Eating Umbrella sprayed out a bald head...

Wang Ling Only then did he achieve his goal.

"Ling Zhenren."

Monk Jin Deng put his hands together and bowed to Wang Ling. With a smile on his face: "This time, thank you Ling Zhenren for the rescue. I wonder if Ling Zhenren can leave the next negotiations to me?"

[Send red envelopes] Reading benefits are here! You have up to 888 cash red envelopes to be drawn! Follow the Weixin official account [Book Friends Base Camp] to draw red envelopes!

Wang Ling thought for a moment and then nodded. There was no trace of emotion on his face.

From the moment he rescued Monk Jin Deng, he knew that the monk would come out to lobby.

However, Wang Ling's anger had dissipated at this time. He had no intention of directly eliminating Jingze.

On the other hand, he felt that torturing Jingze was a bit boring.

It's like bullying a child.

In order to make Jingze atone for his sins, the best way is actually to let Jingze be recruited.

If we can reach an agreement before Ah Nuan girl's full moon, it seems good to let Jingze become Ah Nuan girl's dragon mount.

So. After thinking about this, Wang Ling didn't want to kill Jingze anymore.

This is a dragon mount.

It’s rare in the world. It would be so cool if you could ride it!

And not only can it be used as a mount, it can also be used as a bodyguard.

Wang Ling feels that there is only 096 around Wang Nuan now. It is not enough. It needs a little more promotion.

"Thank you Ling Zhenren. Ling Zhenren is so compassionate and touching."

Monk Jin Deng performed the Buddhist ritual again and bowed in praise.

Hearing these words, Wang Ling felt a little guilty.

He really didn't dare to show mercy. After all, it still had a purpose.

After getting permission from Wang Ling, the monk slowly approached the edge of the pit. Looking at Jingze who was beaten and covered in blood at the bottom of the pit, he also showed a very pityful expression on his face.

Human cultivators could originally live in harmony with all the beings in the world. However, some races do not believe it. They have paranoia of one kind or another every day. They want to reshape the hegemony of the universe and dominate the world.

But as everyone knows, the world today is no longer the era of the super-eternal era when the Dragon Clan dominated the world.

Today's world, and even today's universe, are all decided by one person.

And this person is standing next to him right now.

"You lost. Jingze." Monk Jin Deng sighed: "There are mountains beyond the mountains. You chose the wrong person."

"Lord Moon Dragon is a member of my dragon clan. It's impossible for me to believe you instead of distrusting him..." Jingze said. There was dissatisfaction in his tone and he was very angry at the same time.

The power of Yongyue Xinghui weakened, which caused his recovery time to be much longer. I thought that the Hammer Spirit plus the Diamond Gloves and the God-Eating Umbrella could help him delay a little longer. Unexpectedly, the Hammer Spirit of the Burning Sky Chain Hammer was directly Instant kill.

This is a light weapon...

In Wang Ling's hands, there is no room for resistance at all!

The most useless ones were his Diamond Gloves and God-Eating Umbrella. He actually threw them after seeing Hammer Spirit being killed instantly!

Damn it!

Even if you are not illuminators, you are still sequence level three annihilators!

Do you have any dignity as a chaos device?

"Your dragon clan has already been destroyed. Have you ever thought about why the dragon master suddenly revived this month?" Monk Jin Deng smiled: "Jingze. The poor monk has already hinted at this. It's up to you whether you believe it or not."

Jingze was silent. He did feel that the dragon clan's sudden revival was a bit suspicious. However, it was still difficult for Jingze to believe it all based on Jin Deng's words.

"Really...I don't believe it..." Finally, he shook his head.

At the same time, he also sneered: "Don't be too proud. The Dragon Clan has not completely failed... Do you know. The three dragon masters who commanded the Dragon Clan back then? Dark Devouring Dragon, Cangyuan Dragon and Moonlight Dragon... "

"Of course I know." The monk's expression was calm.

"Then do you know that there actually still exists a fourth Dragon Lord?"

"The fourth Dragon Lord?" The monk's expression was obviously stunned.

"Hahahaha...you really don't know!"

At this time, Jingze couldn't help but laugh again: "In fact, the dragon cemetery you are stepping on is the fourth dragon master, the Lunmu Dragon! At this moment, all of us are on its dragon's back. !"

On the back of a dragon?

Upon hearing the news, Wang Ling suddenly felt enlightened.

No wonder. From the beginning of the fight, he felt that this land was somewhat extraordinary. But he never expected that he would actually step on the back of a dragon.

Not only did he not feel the slightest bit afraid, but he was also slightly excited inside.

This Wheel Dragon is great. The dragon's back alone is so big.

Obviously it is more suitable to be used as a mount!

The needle does not poke!

Still looking for the free novel "The Daily Life of the Immortal King?"

Baidu direct search: "Reading novels is easy!





Chapter 1743 Father and Son Bureau


Fall in love with you reading website. The daily life of the immortal king

The Dragon Cemetery, where the remains of all the dragons are said to be buried, is actually the back of the fourth dragon that hides the leader of the dragons. Such a thing sounds so fantastical that it is unbelievable.

In the distant Milky Way, Bai Zhe, who transformed into a moonlight dragon, opened his eyes. His body was filled with holy light. It was bright, flawless, sacred and could not be blasphemed.

The two bright crescent moons in the pupils were particularly eye-catching, with a strange depth. Just when Jingze and Wang Ling were fighting in the Dragon Cemetery, he paid close attention to the movements there.

It wasn't until Wang Muyu was created that Bai Zhe's mind was at peace.

"They have been defeated." He spoke and communicated with the huge bunch of grapes growing in chaos.

"As expected, activating the checks and balances of the universe is not your main purpose." Fenmu Shen seemed to have expected this.

"To deal with him, we must make additional preparations. As soon as he sets foot in the Dragon Cemetery, his fate has already begun to be sealed."

Bai Zhe's voice was calm. He looked forward. The moonlight projected in his pupils seemed to reach a very long distance, allowing him to understand everything. "I had been guessing before. If he had the ability to control the balance of the universe... then... this The second move is the best way to deal with him."

"I see. That's what you had in mind." Fenmu Shen chuckled and said, "That little omnipotent dragon has all the genes of your dragon family. But it's not easy to create it."

"Yes. This little dragon is fused with the hardest dragon scales of every dragon in the dragon clan. If he is created and violates the checks and balances of the universe, he will definitely be judged. Therefore, among the many previous experiments, there is no Once was a success."

Bai Zhe mused, "And his appearance, in a sense, changed this fate. Wherever he is, the check and balance mechanism of the universe will temporarily fail, and Wang Muyu will be successfully created."

"So Director Bai has already arranged the next script?"

"nature."

Bai Zhe smiled, "That's right. Learn from the barbarians and gain skills to control the barbarians. There is no need to use the balance of the universe. There is no need for me to take action. I want Wang Muyu... to kill Wang Ling with his own hands." "

"But this little guy doesn't think so now." Fenmu Shen smiled bitterly.

"He has the blood of our dragon clan. All the genes of ten thousand dragons are in his body. I'm afraid it's up to him."

Bai Zhe said, "If he grows up and surpasses the current four leaders of the Dragon Clan, it will only be a matter of time. But now he has just been created. With the help of the four leaders of the Dragon Clan, we must gather the power of the dragon to suppress this father-son game." The show of duel will be staged soon."

...

At this moment, in the Dragon Cemetery, there were loud roars of dragons.

These sounds come and go, each different. They carry the supreme majesty and aura of the dragon clan in the past, shrouded in the back of this huge dragon.

Wang Ling frowned slightly, because he heard a little bit of mourning and wailing in these seemingly loud dragon roars.

"Monk, it's not over yet." Jingze got up from the ground. The injuries on his body had recovered a little, but he no longer had the fighting power he had in his prime.

Monk Jin Deng remained silent. He knew the arrogance of the dragon clan. As an excellent dragon-born warrior, if he did not defeat this final bottom line, he might not be easily convinced.

But what is the final bottom line?

Ever since the roar of the dragon sounded from the broad dragon's back, Monk Jin Deng had a bad premonition. He felt as if something was coming.

"What do you want to do?" asked the monk Jin Deng.

"Monk, don't you know how to calculate? Let's calculate what we will do." Jingze smiled sadly. The eternal moon starlight on his body was strengthened again from a long distance. It seemed to be stronger than before. "Moon Dragon Lord It's calling me. I'm leaving."

"You thought.

Can you go?" The monk took a step forward and said. The dragon's roar on the dragon's back gave him a very bad feeling, but he didn't know what exactly happened.

"I want to leave. Of course you can't stop me." Jingze hummed, "Don't forget. I arrested so many of you before this. These people are all related to the Ling Zhenren behind you."

After saying that, he leaned down and patted the ground. A strong spiritual energy surged out from the ground. Then appeared densely packed runes that spread out all around like a spider web, eventually forming a circular spiritual array.

"Psychic formation?" The monk's heart moved. He saw the origin of this formation.

What appeared along with this formation were all the people on the list that Jingze had captured previously. Among them were many classmates from Wang LingNumber 60 High School. Even Old Gudong and Teacher Pan. Jingze. I didn't let them go and caught them all.

At this moment, they seemed to have fallen into a deep sleep. They were all lying neatly in the cage on all sides, motionless.

"There are dragon restrictions on the cage. If you go against me, this cage will explode in an instant." Jingze said. Negotiating, "Today's battle has no result. And what I want now is to leave safely."

After saying that, he stared at Wang Muyu and Lingyue in the distance, "Of course. It would be best if we could take away the kid and the traitor over there."

"Do you think you are qualified to negotiate terms now? Jingze." The monk frowned slightly.

The Dragon Restriction on the Cage.

He knows it very well.

Even if Jingze is not let go, Wang Ling can easily resolve it.

However, the matter was serious at this time. The monk felt that he could not make the decision, so he still turned his attention to Wang Ling"Ling Zhenren..."

"Let him go."

Wang LingVoice transmission.

"Okay." The monk nodded.

After confirming the look with Wang Ling, Monk Jin Deng knew the next step.

Obviously. Wang Ling wants to play a long game to catch the big fish. Let’s see what Bai Zhe is planning.

"Jingze, don't regret it in the future if you leave. Not everyone has the opportunity to be a mount for Ling Zhenren." Helplessly, the monk warned him.

"Ha. Who wants to be his mount? Want me, the Dragon Clan, to be his mount? It's better to dream! Even if I die, I, Jingze, will not be a human mount!" Jingze said.

He immediately abandoned the cage and evacuated at all costs. He slipped away like the wind, with a posture of running as far as he could.

This left a mess all over the floor.

Wang Ying crossed his arms and asked, "Does this fourth Dragon Lord really exist? How do I see and feel about it? The Dragon Cemetery at my feet doesn't look like a real dragon's back."

"The theory of the dragon's back should be true. The fourth dragon master does exist. It's just that the one we're stepping on shouldn't be the one."

The monk laughed and said, "This should be dragon skin."

"Dragon skin?"

"Although I'm not sure, it should be. In the ancient book {Legend of Dragons and Snakes}, some dragons have the ability to shed their skin. And the shed skin can form a domain in the universe and give birth to creatures. Therefore, there are It's a very nice name. It's called Long Luo," the monk said.

"Just let him go?"

At this time, Wang Ming, Sun Rong and others also came from a distance.

Wang Ming checked the injuries of the people captured by Jingze in the cage. He breathed a sigh of relief, "It's okay. None of them were injured. I'll just use brain waves to delete their memories later. This kind of damage will be minimal." We won't let them become scumbags."

"Can ordinary memory erasure damage the brain?"

"Of course there are certain risks in erasing memories with spells." Wang Ming said with a smile, "Why do you think there are so many scumbags in this world? Maybe it's because you saw things you shouldn't have seen. You don't know if your memory has been erased."

Wang Ying"..."

While they were talking, Wang Ling felt that his face was being stared at by a little guy, as if he was being stared at.

Wang Ling looked away. Deliberately not looking directly at Wang Muyu.

Then. Before Wang Ming was about to use brain waves to clear his memory.

Among the people sleeping in the cage, one of them suddenly moved his eyelids.

"Eh? This person seems to be waking up... His name seems to be. Chen Chao?"

"It's the poor monk's fault..." The monk smiled bitterly.

After all, Chen Chao is a person who has been enlightened. He is relatively resistant to some negative effects. Therefore, he woke up earlier than everyone in the cage.

Just when Monk Jin Deng decided whether to continue casting spells to make Chen Chao fall asleep.

Immediately afterwards, a childish greeting from Wang Muyu came to the scene, "Dad!"

The sound was so loud that it carried through the entire audience.

The loud children's voice was so loud that it completely woke up the half-awake Chen Chao on the spot.

dad?

At this time, Chen Chao sat up in shock as if he was dying of illness. He stared at the scene in front of him through the cage in astonishment.

I always feel like I know something terrible...

"..."

Wang Ling held his forehead. Suddenly he felt a little pain in his brain.

I wish he had kept his integrity for so many years.

Why did he suddenly become a father...

();

Still looking for the free novel "The Daily Life of the Immortal King?"

Baidu direct search: "Reading novels is easy!





Chapter 1744 Even if it’s just a dream...


Wang Muyu's "Dad" was so cordial that it was deafening. Hearing it, Wang Ling could not help but shiver all over.

Chen Chao looked at the scene in front of him in astonishment. He was stunned. This seemed like a dream. But I don't know why this time the dream seemed to be everyone's reality...

And Chen Chao still remembered that he had been kidnapped. The kidnapping process was not a dream, right? After all, Old Gudong, Teacher Pan and Guo Hao were all arrested together.

Before, Chen Chao never knew what the purpose of the person who caught them here was.

And now, combined with the scene in front of him, Chen Chao suddenly became enlightened. He couldn't help but look at Wang Ling with his imagination wide open. He showed a cunning expression that Wang Ling could not describe: "Your Majesty, you You said... you usually keep your mouth shut. So you just gave birth to a child and wanted to surprise everyone?"

"..."

Wang Ling opened his mouth. He wanted to explain.

He looked at Wang Muyu, trying to use his eyes to coerce the little guy into clarifying.

But Wang Muyu was not willing to give up. He just looked at him with those watery eyes: "Don't you like this title? Then from now on, I'll just call you daddy! Dad!"

Wang Ling: "..."

Sun Rong: "Chen Chao. Listen to me. Things are not what you think..."

Chen Chao spread his hands and sighed again. He directly planned to say Sun Rong: "Sun Rong. I know whether Wang Ling is cheating on you."

Sun Rong: "..."

Then he looked at Wang Ling and said, "I've seen it a long time ago. Wang Ling likes you. Even if he doesn't admit it now, he will admit it in the future. But I didn't expect that he would have a baby directly behind our backs. child..."

"That face is exactly the same as Wang Ling! What a hammer!"

"Don't tell me that this child is not Wang Ling's. Even if it is a genetic mutation, it will be difficult to mutate into something that looks exactly like Wang Ling..."

"Well..."

Before he finished speaking, Chen Chao felt his head sink, as if he had been hit hard by something, and he fainted again.

The person who did it was Heavenly Dao.

As Heavenly Dao who controls death. Just when Chen Chao said these words, Death Heavenly Dao had already seen a feeling of death omens overflowing in him.

So he made a decisive move and helped Chen Chao fall asleep physically.

Because he vaguely felt that Wang Ling couldn't help but take action. So he took action first...otherwise, it's really hard to say what the outcome would be for Chen Chao.

"There is no other way now. We can only take one step at a time."

Death Heavenly Dao couldn't laugh or cry: "In my humble opinion, I have no choice but to ask Miss Rong and Ling Zhenren to find a way to take care of this little one first."

"..."

Wang Ling turned his head and looked at Jin Deng. He tried his best to wink at Jin Deng.

He swore that he had never made so many expressions in his life.

Monk Jin Deng understood and nodded quickly. He volunteered and stepped forward and said, "This matter will be detrimental to both Ling Zhenren and Miss Rong. If this spreads out, people's words are terrible. Why don't we let the poor monk first?" Just take him with you."

When Wang Muyu heard this, he frowned, with an expression of disgust clearly on his face. But when his childish little face was twisted together, it looked like a little bun, and it became even cuter.

Jin Deng wanted to protect him, but he hugged Sun Rong's neck and refused to get off Sun Rong: "No, no, no. I want to be with mom and dad! I'm not going anywhere." !"

Because he was afraid that pulling hard would hurt Sun Rong and Wang Muyu, Jin Deng had no choice but to let go.

It's really tricky for such a little kid who suddenly appears.

"Forget it. How about I take a look...leave it to me."

Finally. Sun Rong took the initiative to speak out.

She felt that she should take the blame for this matter. After all, if it weren't for the fact that she was thinking about Wang Ling during the mission.

It is impossible for the system in the Tian-level laboratory to extract that part of the memory and make a copy of Wang Muyu's appearance according to Wang Ling. "How can this be done? Rongrong."

Wang Ming firmly objected to this: "This is not the fault of either you or Ling Ling. It's because this little guy misidentified his father and mother. And you, a girl, took this little one with you, just in case you were photographed by those gossip reporters. Sooner or later something will go wrong."

"So. I have a compromise..."

So. Sun Rong looked at Wang Muyu and asked tentatively: "Mu Yu, um...are you willing to follow Grandpa?"

"Great grandpa? Is he mom's grandpa?" Wang Muyu flashed his little eyes.

Wang Muyu crossed his arms and thought for a moment. Then he nodded: "Yes! I do!"

"You agree now?"Sun Rong was surprised. I didn't expect Wang Muyu to be so easy to talk to.

"But I have a premise! Mom and dad will go to my great-grandfather's place to see me every few days!"

"good..."

Sun Rong smiled bitterly.

"..."

Wang Ling also sighed.

There is no other way.

I just don’t know what Mr. Boss Sun thinks about this matter...

"Is that possible? Give this little one to Boss Sun?" Wang Ming was also very curious about this.

Sun Rong thought for a moment and then laughed: "I think it's okay... I even think they might get along. Very harmoniously?"

...

Follow the public account: Book Friends Base Camp. Follow to get cash and points!

Monday, December 29th.

This was a few days after being harassed by the Dragonborn. Wang Ling seemed to have returned to normal life. But he also knew that this incident did not end.

Wang Muyu's existence is a big problem. And. Wang Ling has a premonition that all the next things will happen around Wang Muyu.

Currently, the little one is being taken care of by Boss Sun. Wang Ling I heard that the relationship is indeed quite harmonious.

Time returns to the day when Sun Rong brought Wang Muyu to Mr. Boss Sun...

When they met, Mr. Boss Sun thought that Wang Muyu was the younger brother of Wang Ling. He thought he could get some news about Wang Ling from Wang Muyu. He smiled as brightly as a peach blossom.

Of course, the most nervous thing was when Wang Muyu called Sun Rong "Mom" at an inappropriate time in front of Boss Sun. Sun Rong almost knelt down when he heard that.

It turns out that Mr. Sun, the boss, is a very rough and tumble guy. He actually doesn’t think anything is wrong at all.

"Eh? Grandpa...why do you still look so happy?" Sun Rong asked.

"What's there to be angry about? This little kid is only six years old. What do you know? Childish words are unbridled."

Mr. Boss Sun hugged Wang Muyu. He liked it very much: "Besides, you are my granddaughter. Don't I know if you are okay or not? You have always been clean and self-respecting. I feel relieved."

Hearing this, Sun Rong breathed a sigh of relief: "Would that be too troublesome for Grandpa... Don't worry, Grandpa. The little one won't disturb you for long. He has always liked alchemy, so he wants to play at our house. Two days..."

"Ugh. Is that just because of this? You look so nervous."

Boss Sun slapped his thigh: "Hahaha! It's okay! You can stay as long as you like! You are usually busy with studies. It's just right to have this little guy to relieve my boredom! Besides, I feel like I hit it off with this little guy... eh !When you grow up and get married later, if you give birth to such a cute little one, I can laugh out of my dreams!"

He hugged Wang Muyu and raised him high: "Little one, do you like alchemy? No problem! Grandpa will teach you how to do it himself!"

That is, on the same day...

Wang Muyu refined seven mysterious elixirs with the power of a dragon.

Later, these seven pills were also called the "Seven Dragon Balls"...

Still looking for the free novel "The Daily Life of the Immortal King?"

Baidu direct search: "Reading novels is easy!





Chapter 1745 Dream Linkage


Although it has been agreed with Wang Muyu, in fact Wang Ling has no plans to raise a child... The final exam is coming soon. It is the crucial score-breaking stage of the year. He cannot let go. Don't study to take care of your baby.

Besides, this child is really not his! It just looks exactly like him!

However, because he had already established a good relationship with Wang Muyu, Wang Ling thought that if it was his turn to visit Wang Muyu, he might be able to send a clone there.

Who would have known that this little guy had already understood his true thoughts. He had to tell Sun Rong to Wang Ling several days in advance. He was not allowed to send clones to fool him. Otherwise, he would go directly to the Huaguo Shui Lian Group's TV stations around the world. Broadcasting that he is the son of Wang Ling...

Wang Ling was shocked immediately after hearing it.

This little guy even threatened him...

He has never been threatened by others since he was a child. He has always been a threat to others...

Does this little guy really not care what happens if he blows up and destroys the earth?

Later Wang Ling changed my mind and thought that maybe Wang Muyu really didn't care. Because the genetic cells in his body were originally taken from the Dragon Clan... and the Dragon Clan's biggest wish is to regain the hegemony of the universe. Get rid of them all.

Of course, in this matter, the happiest person and the person who benefited the most may still be Sun Rong.

Because there have been more text messages between her and Wang Ling in the past few days.

Although every time Wang Ling takes a long time to reply. And even if it does reply, it is just a series of simple ellipses or just a few words.

But because of Wang Muyu's relationship, Sun Rong felt that he and Wang Ling had finally found a way to communicate other than "dry noodles" and "study."

On the way to school, she texted Wang Ling again, "Classmate Wang Ling. Muyu is actually just a child. There is nothing evil. Grandpa said he is very sensible and we get along well with him."

"I will bring the wooden fish tomorrow. Then I will leave it to my classmate Wang Ling the day after tomorrow. Anyway, we only go once a week. It won't waste much time."

"As for where to take him to play, don't worry, classmate Wang Ling. Leave it all to me."

After seeing Sun Rong send three strings of text in succession, Wang Ling stared at the phone screen and finally sighed.

He simply replied.

Looking up at the sky and thinking about it carefully. Wang Ling I think this may be the "immortal king's helplessness."

...

When I came to the class, Wang Ling found that the class was extremely quiet today. Chen Chao, Guo Hao, Su Xiao... these people who had been arrested by Jingze all looked confused early in the morning. expression.

Wang Ling It is judged that this should not be the sequelae of memory erasure. Wang Ming has now integrated the divine brain. It is still very reliable to use brain waves to erase memories in a targeted manner. It can be completely lossless.

So what's going on with these people... It's like they haven't woken up...

After Wang Ling sat down, he saw Guo Hao and suddenly looked at him, "You know, Lingzi. I seemed to have had a very strange dream yesterday."

Wang Ling"?"

Guo Hao: "I dreamed that I killed a dragon yesterday. Then I cut open the dragon's belly and took out a dragon egg. And inside the dragon egg, it was actually you!"

As soon as he finished speaking, Sun Rong sitting in front suddenly choked on his water and started coughing repeatedly.

"Well, it's because of this dream that I haven't woken up at all. It is said that dreams are a sign of unstable sleep quality. If you don't have any dreams, your sleep quality will be high," Guo Hao said.

It doesn't matter what he said. Su Xiao also quickly picked up the conversation, "Hey? You had this dream too. I dreamed it too! But I dreamed that the person inside the dragon egg was my classmate Sun Rong..."

"Good guys. One of you is Wang Ling and the other is Sun Rong. Don't you think they are a good twin?"

Chen Chao raised his head and said, "I am a twin of a dragon and a phoenix..."

Everyone "???"

Guo Hao touched his chin, "In other words, everyone had a similar type of dream? So what is going on?"

"It's not surprising. We usually spend time together when studying.

When we are relatively familiar with each other, there is indeed a certain probability that this phenomenon of living in different beds and dreaming of the same dream will occur." Su Xiao pushed up her glasses and said, "In other words, this is the legendary dream linkage!"Wang Ling" ..."

God?Dream linkage...

"That's true. But I always feel that this dream is implying something."

Chen Chao touched his head. He didn't know why he had been feeling pain in the back of his neck since the day before yesterday. It felt like he had been hit by a truck.

He gave Wang Ling a meaningful look. Then he said half-jokingly, "You guys tell me. Wang Ling is usually silent. He won't secretly become someone else's father behind our backs, right?" "

"?"

Wang Ling feels that this memory erasure method is not very reliable... If he thinks it is necessary, he will have to find a chance to do it again.

...

The matter at Baobai Group's Dragon Cemetery seems to have come to an end. But in fact, it is far from over.

Since the evacuation of Jingze, all employees of Baobai Group have also evacuated. The entire group collapsed overnight.

Advertising. It’s really good. It’s worth installing. Even Android and Apple phones support it!

However, everyone in the Office of Strategic Deception is well aware that the mastermind behind the scenes, Bai Zhe, is still controlling the situation from the shadows. He has also left behind a dragon time bomb like Wang Muyu.

I have to say that Bai Zhe's handling method has become much more steady and cunning compared to the previous few times where he took the lead and dealt with the enemy head on. He no longer rashly launches a group attack directly with confidence.

Instead, he is really hiding behind the scenes and making all the arrangements secretly.

At this time, there are multiple surgeries in progress at the Office of Strategic Deception's Dongtian Peak.

These were all Baobai employees brought back alive from the Dragon Cemetery. Most Baobai employees were either evacuated or cast a death curse. They were killed by Bai Zhe using dragon spells from a long distance away. Their souls were scattered. There is no record of the death of Heavenly Dao. Even resurrection is impossible.

"drop!--"

Accompanied by the long warning sound of the ventilator, one of the last three survivors in the Dragon Cemetery couldn't hold on anymore and took the first step.

Wang Ming sighed. The purpose of rescuing these three people was not to obtain any intelligence clues from them. They were rescued purely out of humanitarian considerations.

I didn't expect Bai Zhe to do it so well.

"This dragon curse is really amazing. The death talismans given by Ling Zhenren were all used by these three people. But their souls are still passing away..." Death Heavenly Dao said with a frown.

There are only so many methods and techniques for resurrection.

In the final analysis, it is because the dragon spells on these Baobai employees are too strange. Dragon spells are very different from orthodox cultivation spells. They cannot be judged by common sense.

Therefore, even the death talisman of Wang Ling may not be effective. It can only delay their death.

Of course. If Wang Ling takes action, it is not a bad idea to forcibly rescue these people.

However, birth, old age, illness and death are all human beings' destiny. It goes against the will of heaven and the principles of Heavenly Dao.

Even if Wang Ling is a whitelisted user, the principle of checks and balances is still there.

These three people themselves have no life intersection with Wang Ling. If these three people are forcibly saved, then there may be three other people in the world who died due to accidents...

"I don't know how long the remaining two can last. It just depends on their luck."

Heavenly Dao said helplessly. He turned to look at Wang Ming, "Mr. Ming, are you ready?"

"Don't worry about me. I'm just a minor surgeon." Wang Ming waved his hand and said with a smile.

Today he came to Immortal Toya's Cave Heaven Peak. The main purpose was to cooperate with Immortal Toya's new body made with immortal lotus root and transfer the part of his soul belonging to Shou Chong in his mind to the immortal lotus root.

This was an agreement between him and Shou Chong.

And now, it's time for him to fulfill his promise.

();





Chapter 1746 Boss Sun’s little thoughts


Muyu. Sun Rong is a homophone named after Wang Muyu's name. At first, Sun Rong discovered Wang Muyu's name when using the Jiugong input method. She suddenly felt that calling her Muyu seemed more cute. Then she He kept shouting like that.

In the Office of Strategic Deception, Wang Muyu's appearance was definitely a big surprise to everyone. Some people called him a little kid. Others followed Sun Rong and called him Muyu or Xiaomuyu.

Generally speaking, everyone is very polite to Wang Muyu.

Everyone discovered that when Wang Muyu put away the colorful dragon horns and tail these days, his face looked more like Wang Ling...

Of course. The reason why everyone is so polite is not just because he looks very similar to Wang Ling.

It's because most people have discovered that.

I can't beat Wang Muyu myself.

As the rumors say, Boss Sun and Wang Muyu are getting along very well these days. And I don’t know why. The more Sun Yiyuan looks at Wang Muyu, the more he likes him.

This is especially true since Wang Muyu refined the "Seven Dragon Balls."

Sun Yiyuan still remembered when the "Seven Dragon Balls" were made. The entire alchemy furnace was filled with rays of light and auspicious colors. The overflowing spiritual energy instantly filled the entire alchemy room. Sun Yiyuan was shocked.

When it comes to alchemy, there is actually a certain amount of luck involved in whether it is successful or not!

He never thought that a six-year-old child could be so talented!

As expected of...the younger brother of classmate Wang Ling! He is indeed a born mascot!

Later, Sun Yiyuan evaluated these seven elixirs and found that each of these seven elixirs actually reached the top level!

And among the elixirs, there is actually a special unknown substance!

Sun Yiyuan cut off a small part of the elixir for experimentation. According to the experimental results, this unknown substance is a spiritual energy amplifying substance. After taking it, spiritual energy can be greatly increased. It has a powerful effect in helping cultivators break through bottlenecks. And it is extremely powerful. It is more effective than any other elixir of the same type currently on the market.

For a cultivator, the most painful thing is to stay in the same state for a long time without being able to improve. If this elixir can be mass-produced in the future, it will be of great benefit to the development of Huaguo Shui Lian Group!

"Little wooden fish, you did a good job!" Sun Yiyuan was very happy. He immediately decided to name this new elixir "Qilong Muyu Pill."

Looking back at Wang Muyu, he obviously didn't have much awareness of his normal performance and normal operations. He just looked at the seven golden elixirs in front of him with an innocent face.

"Little Muyu, what reward do you want? Grandpa can reward you." Sun Yiyuan touched the head of the little wooden fish and said.

Then, Wang Muyu stared at the elixir in front of him, held his little hands together, slowly closed his eyes, and made a wishing gesture.

"Muyu? What are you thinking about?"

"I'm making a wish."

"Oh? What wish do you want?"

"I hope my father and mother will spend more time with me." Wang Muyu said.

That pitiful and soft voice almost instantly broke Sun Yiyuan's guard.

The most unbearable thing for the elderly is to be moved.

The older you get, the lower the tear point becomes.

Why...

Why can there be such a cute and sensible little guy in this world!

Sun Yiyuan was so moved that he covered his face and burst into tears.

At this time, he suddenly realized that he actually did not regard Wang Muyu as an outsider at all. Instead, he truly regarded Wang Muyu as his little grandson and loved him.

"Muyu, you will definitely have many, many people who will love you in the future." He picked up Wang Muyu and kissed him gently on his pink cheek.

The stubble swept over it, and it made Wang Muyu feel a little itchy: "Ah ha ha ha. It's so itchy. Grandpa."

As a result, Sun Yiyuan felt his heart melted instantly...

...

Overall, Wang Muyu is a very lovable child. At least that is what the people who have been in contact with Wang Muyu so far think.

Sun Yiyuan was very happy.

And he is not tired at all. No matter what kind of request Wang Muyu makes, he will try his best to satisfy it. What bad intentions can little Muyu have? He is just a six-year-old child. And he doesn’t even have a father or a mother. Completely clear. How cute! Just like when Sun Yiyuan first met Wang Ling. The more he looked at Wang Muyu, the more he liked him.

Of course. Like it, you like it. In addition to taking Wang Muyu with him, Mr. Boss Sun also does not forget to carry out his own mission secretly.

Since Wang Muyu is the younger brother of Wang Ling, whether he is a cousin, a cousin, or a relative, he must know something about Wang Ling!

In the first few days when he took Wang Muyu with him, he couldn't bear to ask any more questions. Now as the relationship between him and Wang Muyu gradually warmed up, Sun Yiyuan felt that he had reached the most appropriate time to ask questions.

"Um, Muyu? What kind of person do you think Wang Ling brother...oh no. I should say, your Wang Ling father." said Sun Yiyuan.

"He is a good man." Wang Muyu said: "And he is really powerful! He can kill a dragon with one palm!"

"Really?" Sun Yiyuan touched his chin and was trying to figure out the meaning of Wang Muyu's words.

Can Wang Ling kill a dragon with one palm?

What does this mean?

It shouldn't be literal... Where can there be dragons in this world?

And as we all know, Wang Ling is a mascot. How could he be so strong? How could he really kill a dragon?

So Sun Yiyuan immediately determined what kind of game Wang Muyu was talking about...

Combined with Wang Ling's excellent performance in the arcade, it seems reasonable that Wang Ling has multiple labels of being "good at playing games."

So that’s it.

Classmate Wang Ling likes to play games, right?

This is useful information.

He felt that it was necessary for him to personally issue a director's order in the future to all major game companies that cooperate with him. Monitor Wang Ling's game account in real time. As long as it is a game played by Wang Ling, no matter what game gift package it is, click the card They all have to be delivered at once! And that’s not all. Sun Yiyuan also thinks that for those card games, Wang Ling should also be given privileges.

For example, the probability of getting a gold card for a normal account is 1%. For Wang Ling, it is 99% or something...

After getting useful intelligence clues, Sun Yiyuan nodded with satisfaction. He hugged Wang Muyu again and asked, "What about Muyu? Do you think Sun Rong sister... Oh no. It should be you Sun Rong Mom, what do you think of your Wang Ling father?"

"Hahaha. Mom is only thinking about daddy. Otherwise, she wouldn't have been able to give birth to me." Wang Muyu replied with a smile.

...

While Sun Yiyuan was thinking about Wang Muyu's answer, Jiang Xiaoche, who was about to push the door in at the door of the chairman's office, heard the conversation and was completely petrified...





Chapter 1747 A big secret learned by chance


At the door. In the end, Jiang Xiaoche didn't have the guts to open the door and go in. He came to see Sun Yiyuan this time to confirm the donation of resources from the border area...

In order to ensure that the frontier cultivators who defend their homeland have sufficient physical fitness and nutrition, this time the Huaguo Shui Lian Group exported a total of ten tons of donated materials to major border areas for the first time. A pill only weighs more than a dozen grams. Ten tons is a huge amount.

Border defense is a matter of great importance. No carelessness is allowed. All materials must be followed up in a timely manner.

There is a widely circulated saying on the Internet: "When I was eating white rice and drinking happy water, I couldn't figure out why these strong soldiers died. I woke up in the middle of the night. Suddenly I remembered. They are Die for me..."

In recent years, Huaguo Shui Lian Group, as a domestic enterprise in Huaxiu with strong financial resources, has never fallen behind in donating materials to border areas.

And materials in this area always go through the green channel. There is no need to report at all levels. As long as the materials are ready, the vehicle can be sent out immediately for material handover.

However, according to normal corporate procedures, Jiang Xiaoche still has to talk to Sun Yiyuan...

But he never expected that he would hear a big secret that made his soul explode.

At this time, everyone in the company is gone. Almost no one can enter the chairman's office level. It seems that Boss Sun himself is a bit negligent. He did not expect that Jiang Xiaoche would suddenly come to see him at this time.

Jiang Xiaoche also fell into a state of petrification for a while while listening to the conversation in the room.

He felt like his breathing had stopped. After waiting for several minutes, his legs reacted first. He hurriedly escaped from the Huaguo Building. Then he remained petrified in the car for several minutes...

The eldest lady...has a child?

And it’s also Wang Ling?

His mind was filled with the "Black question mark" emoji and the "Grandpa on the subway looking at his cell phone" emoji...

Although he did hear something recently. It was said that Mr. Boss Sun had been in and out of the company at irregular times recently because he had to spend time with a child.

Jiang Xiaoche originally thought this was the child of a relative in the Sun family. Who knows, it turned out to be the eldest lady's child...

So when Jiang Xiaoche learned this big secret, he had to admit one thing. That was that he was shocked...or, more appropriately, he was frightened.

I thought that secretly giving birth to a child and shocking everyone would only happen in the entertainment industry with chaotic relationships... But in the end, this happened to me???

No matter what, it's a big deal.

And for Huaguo Shui Lian Group, it is definitely a huge scandal. If it is exposed, Jiang Xiaoche can't believe how the stock price will plummet tomorrow.

"Good guy...Wang Ling...I didn't expect you to let me know about this." At this time, Jiang Xiaoche's thoughts suddenly changed.

As one of the employees of the company, he certainly doesn't want this matter to be exposed, because it will also have an impact on his work. But from the perspective of a love rival and the various grievances left before, he really can't wait to seize it. The tail end of this matter. Let’s take a look at Wang Ling’s panicked appearance after being caught.

But to get to that point, it's useless to just rely on him to say it. He also needs sufficient evidence to support it.

Then, he quickly changed into a newly purchased private car. He parked the car at the bottom of Huaguo Building and squatted to watch Sun Yiyuan come out.

He took out his mobile phone and remotely controlled all the surveillance and recording systems at the entrance of Huaguo Building. He tried to capture Wang Muyu's face from multiple directions and angles.

Not long after, Sun Yiyuan drove his car out of the underground parking lot.

Because he had taken care of the baby for the past two days, Sun Yiyuan didn't ask Jiang Xiaoche to be the driver. Jiang Xiaoche was still confused at first, because he had known Sun Yiyuan for so many years. The old man rarely drove by himself.

But now, it all makes sense...

I'm sitting in the car with him now.

But his great-grandson... can he be treated the same? The handover footage of the car passing by all the surveillance cameras lasted only a few seconds. Jiang Xiaoche's phone immediately synchronized to the video captured in those few seconds. Thousands of high definition photos.

But most of the photos are useless. Because the car has a reflective hidden structure, you can't actually see the inside of the car from the outside.

But Jiang Xiaoche's luck is pretty good. Because just recently, a camera with a reflective and hidden structure was installed outside the Huaguo Building...

Finally, from thousands of photos, Jiang Xiaoche finally took a profile picture of Wang Muyu.

And after seeing Wang Muyu's appearance clearly, his hands couldn't help but start to tremble.

This...

These familiar dead fish eyes...

And this familiar face!

Isn’t this just Wang Ling!

Even if he only took half of his face in profile, he could directly draw the image symmetrically in his mind. Jiang Xiaoche could immediately overlay Wang Muyu's face with Wang Ling's.

This can no longer be said to be evidence...

But a serious hammer!

Good guy Wang Ling...

This time, if you don't die, I will write Jiang Xiaoche's name backwards!

...

Duobao City, Songhai City. This is the largest affordable second-hand magic weapon trading market in Songhai City. Many people can buy the second-hand magic weapons they want here. They can even find some top-notch goods at very cheap prices.

Jiang Xiaoche is also one of the old members of Duobao City. But in fact, in addition to trading second-hand magic weapons, Duobao City also has a hidden information trading channel that only old members know about.

After putting on the mask and cloak for disguise, Jiang Xiaoche entered from a secret passage hidden in an alley in Duobao City. He confirmed the password, which led to the underground intelligence trading market.

"I have a message to drop."

In front of the transaction window, Jiang Xiaoche said mysteriously. Then he sent the photo he took: "I don't know how much this news is worth."

This is a photo that has been processed by Jiang Xiaoche. It only shows the profile of Wang Muyu. The part of Boss Sun was cut off by him.

"This is just a child. How much is it worth?" The boss in charge of acquiring intelligence was nicknamed Tengu. He was wearing a suit and leather shoes. He was wearing a Jason mask. He was wiping a red wine glass in front of the counter. He looked at the photo. He asked without interest.

"A sixteen-year-old boy. He secretly gave birth to a child after forcibly having sex with a girl..."

"Oh? That's interesting."

Tengu stared at the photo and thought for a while. He looked at Jiang Xiaoche. Youyou said: "This news is worth 20 million."

"So many? Doesn't the boss even ask who this young man is?"

"This is what we do. Do you know who it is?"

Tengu smiled: "If you agree, we can arrange the transfer immediately. But you have to keep the photo."

"Of course!" Jiang Xiaoche smiled: "As long as I can bring that person into disrepute. I don't need money, it's fine!"

Ten minutes later, the transaction was completed.

A remittance of 20 million was directly transferred to Jiang Xiaoche's private account abroad.

"Well, thank you for your business. I hope you can provide better information next time." Tengu looked at Jiang Xiaoche's leaving back and said with a meaningful smile.

"Boss. Is this photo worth 20 million?"

After he left, a boy came up and asked.

"It's just this photo. Of course it's not worth it. But do you know who the person who just left is?"

"Who is it?"

"Jiang Xiaoche." Tiangu smiled: "The secretary-general of Sun Yiyuan, chairman of Huaguo Shui Lian Group. And according to the investigation, he has always had a good impression of his own lady. If my guess is correct, it is the child in the photo he provided this time. It is the child of his young lady and that sixteen-year-old boy."

"This...that eldest lady has a child?"

"A rich lady of a big company gave birth to a child out of wedlock. Isn't the value of this news much better than that of a sixteen-year-old boy giving birth to a child?"

Under the mask, Tengu smiled slightly: "However, there is still a lack of qualitative evidence on this matter. Immediately send someone to follow the young lady and see if we can find any clues. If there is ironclad evidence, I believe this news will be felt by many business bosses. Interest."





Chapter 1748 Duobao City Intelligence Confirmation Team


For Tengu, this is a very rare and big deal. And the explosive news of the intelligence is enough to alarm the entire business circle of the cultivation world. It is comparable to a major earthquake of more than ten magnitude.

On the surface, it is surprising that a underage eldest daughter of a consortium actually gave birth to a child before getting married. This incident is shocking enough.

From a deeper perspective, the child in this photo looks to be five or six years old. If it is really the child of Sun Rong, then he must have taken some medicine that can induce birth in a short period of time. ..

"The boss thinks that Huaguo Shui Lian Group has used drugs? No way..."

"Don't underestimate the ugly faces of these capitalists." Tengu chuckled and said, "According to my inference, their purpose should be to use induction to confuse the time when this rich lady actually gave birth to a child."

"Of course. I don't have any evidence right now. So there is a lot of material to be mined in this matter."

"If it works, we can make a lot of money."

"Still the old way?" asked the boy.

"Yes." Tengu nodded: "Submit a copy of this scandal intelligence information to many parties. In addition to Huaguo Shui Lian Group's competing companies, including Huaguo Shui Lian Group, they must also submit a copy. Then let them bid for the information. Price The higher one gets it."

"Yes." The boy nodded: "I'll make arrangements right away."

"etc."

Just before the subordinate was about to leave, Tengu suddenly stopped him.

"What else does the boss have to say?"

"Remember to be polite when you go to invite Miss Sun Rong. We are not bandits after all."

"Yes."

"Also. Let the intelligence confirmation team use our newly equipped global face tracking system when they go to find her."

Tengu smiled: "This is the masterpiece of Mr. Shou Chong, a famous scientist on the internet. I waited in line to order for a long time before I got it. I finally caught this opportunity. Just do the experiment."

"Yes."

...

For all information that passes through the Duobao City underground intelligence black market, the Duobao City Underground Intelligence Network has its own native confirmation team to confirm the authenticity of the information.

The bigger the matter, the more cautious it is to confirm. After receiving the order from Tengu, the intelligence confirmation team immediately entered the facial recognition information of Sun Rong according to the plan. Using the information customized from Shou Chong system for global tracking.

The black van drove through the Ring Expressway according to the navigation system. After many twists and turns, it finally arrived in front of an affordable apartment.

"Strange. How come the eldest lady of the Huaguo Shui Lian Group lives in a place like this?" The old driver in charge of driving in the intelligence team stopped the car and asked suspiciously while drinking wolfberry tea.

His name is Sekiro. He is responsible for guiding people.

"Master Shou Chong said that this face tracking system is combined with big data intelligence tracking. Every surveillance camera in the world is connected to the Internet. Real-time positioning. Accurate tracking. There is basically no error." At this time, the intelligence confirmation team. A person named Silver Fox said.

He is the small leader of this confirmation team. He is the main person responsible for "asking" Sun Rong to talk.

Maintaining trust in the facial recognition system, Silver Fox got out of the car with another team member named Kangaroo.

He was holding an iPad. Finally he came to a security door.

They had put on disguised white coats and wore stethoscopes on their chests. They looked like doctors in a clinic.

Confirming intelligence is their main job.

There are also many ways to confirm information. It is not necessary to directly find the person involved and ask for such clear information. Instead, use roundabout ways to obtain information to confirm the information. This is Silver Fox's consistent approach.

Just like his code name, it is full of the color of an old fox.

"It's right inside." Silver Fox frowned. Then he quickly controlled the expression on his face and politely reached out and pressed the doorbell.

Not long after, a girl's voice came from inside the security door: "Who is it?"

It's Jiang Yingying himself...

She is doing her homework.

And her face turned red as she wrote because she had a high school human biology class in school today. As an adolescent girl, she was thinking about a lot of things while doing her homework. Unexpectedly, an inappropriate doorbell rang at this time. Suddenly all her thoughts were interrupted.

Because she had learned from the past, Jiang Yingying acted very cautiously this time. She did not open the door for others randomly. Instead, she tried to confirm the identity of the other party through the peephole.

Standing in front of his door at this moment were two young men wearing white coats. They also had stethoscopes. They didn't look like bad people?

But she still didn't choose to open the door.

Such a vigilant attitude made Silver Fox feel a little funny.

But for a veteran who uses fraudulent information to confirm the authenticity of intelligence. Even if there is a security door or even if the door is not opened, this will not be a problem for him.

The first thing to do, of course, is to confirm your identity.

Silver Fox thought for a moment. He did not ask the other party's name directly.

Because he and Kangaroo are both disguised as community doctors. If you directly ask each other's name, it will definitely arouse greater alertness. It is not conducive to intelligence fraud.

So, after thinking for a while, Silver Fox narrowed his eyes and smiled: "Hello, lady, we are community doctors nearby. Please don't be afraid. Think about it. Your grandfather is so powerful. How can we have the courage? ."

Hearing this, Jiang Yingying nodded secretly.

Her grandpa is really awesome.

That's Martial SaintMarshal Jiang!

These two community doctors know this. It seems that they are not bad people.

"It's good that you know."

Jiang Yingying hummed and smiled.

After saying this, Silver Fox also recorded in his little notebook: [During the inquiry process, the other party has admitted that he has a very powerful grandfather...]

On the other side, the kangaroo who was traveling with him also used the magic weapon of perspective to see through the security door the face of Jiang Yingying who was wearing pajamas inside the security door.

Then, the kangaroo nodded and gave the silver fox an OK sign.

Silver Fox recorded it in his little notebook again; [The kangaroo used the clairvoyance magic weapon to secretly confirm that the girl inside the security door is indeed Sun Rong...]

There was silence. Yinhu heard Jiang Yingying ask again: "Then why are you coming to me now?"

"Just wanted to ask a quick question."

Silver Fox said: "Our community clinic has always paid great attention to the physical knowledge and health of young people. I wonder what this lady thinks about having children before marriage."

He asked this question. It sounded like an ordinary question asked on a regular basis. He just added some tricks while asking. For example, he deliberately enlarged the words "pregnancy before marriage."

After hearing these four words, Jiang Yingying's face suddenly turned red: "This...this must not be good...how can there be such..."

So. Silver Fox recorded in the notebook: [Combined with the kangaroo synchronous perspective observation data. When the words "pregnancy before marriage" were mentioned during the questioning process, the other party's hands and feet were unnatural, his eyes were wandering, and his face was flushed. This is a typical sign of lying... ]

After writing this, Silver Fox closed the notebook.

That’s enough questions. Now it’s time to take action...

He put the notebook away. Then he took out a bottle of green liquid from his pocket. Then he poured it all on the security door.

This bottle of green liquid is a gold-eating insect. It can easily break through metal bunkers. It is an essential weapon for breaking doors...





Chapter 1749 Unlucky Jiang Yingying


The gold-eating bug was originally a miniature creature that appeared in ancient tombs. It was generated due to the special geographical environment. It was also extremely afraid of light.

The first one to develop gold-eating insects and use them in a commercial model is a well-known construction company in the cultivation circle. It is called Casio Heavy Industries. This is a construction company originating from Mixiu Country. It is also the first to use genetic technology to commercialize gold-eating insects. The gold bug genes are recombinantly modified to make them easy to tame and maneuverable.

You only need to lock the designated block through a smart device. The gold-eating insect can quickly grow in scale and swallow up all the metal substances.

At present, in the world of cultivation, gold-eating insects are also mostly used in demolition and other work. The advantage is that it is environmentally friendly and pollution-free. It does not produce excessive smoke and dust. But it also has a drawback. That is, the metal eaten by gold-eating insects cannot be recycled.

So now the gold-eating bug is also used in some door-breaking operations to rescue hostages.

Of course. Currently, in the world of cultivation, gold-eating insects also tend to be used by criminals...

For example, now.

Silver Fox is well versed in deceiving people. He is extremely confident in the information he just used a few sentences to extract. He also firmly believes that the person in the room is "Sun Rong" himself.

The daughter of a consortium. Why does she live in such a humble and affordable apartment?

According to Silver Fox, there is only one answer.

That is this place. It is the humble residence of this wealthy young lady and her sweetheart!

This must be the case!

And when the gold-eating bug silently devoured an entire metal security door, Jiang Yingying suddenly panicked when facing the clinic doctor who suddenly appeared in front of him.

"Who...are you..." No matter how stupid she was, she knew at this moment that these were two intruders. And they were definitely not the so-called community clinic doctors.

She tried to shout, but Yinhu moved very quickly. He just made a silencing gesture at the corner of his mouth. Jiang Yingying instantly felt that his throat was being strangled by an invisible force. He was unable to speak.

This is the most basic "gag curse."

Due to frequent use, Silver Fox has been trained to the highest level. Not only can it accurately target silence in an instant, but it can also activate a group "silencing spell" within a radius of ten kilometers.

If the curse is not removed, the cursed person will enter a state of aphasia within 10 hours and will be unable to make any sound.

"Miss Sun, I'm sorry. We have to ask you to come with us." At this time, Yinhu took the initiative to step forward and used the customized Qiankun bag to completely cover Jiang Yingying. Then the Qiankun bag shrank in his hands. It's only as big as a palm. It's like a Pokémon ball.

Yinhu held the Qiankun Bag in his palm. He could clearly feel that Jiang Yingying in the bag was struggling with extreme fear. However, the struggle soon disappeared.

This is not because Jiang Yingying gave up resistance. It is because the Qiankun bag, which is specially used to arrest people, has a certain hypnotic effect.

After doing all this, the silver fox and the kangaroo beside him evacuated the scene neatly and quickly.

Before leaving, they did not forget to cast a simple illusion on the door of Jiang Yingying's house. They reinstalled the metal door that had been eaten by gold-eating insects.

About ten minutes later...

Jiang Yingying gradually regained consciousness. Silver Fox had released her from the Qiankun Bag. She was blindfolded and had her hands tied behind her back. However, she could still clearly feel that she was in a high-speed moving car.

"I have broken your silence spell, Miss Sun." The silver fox smiled and stared at "Sun Rong."

Jiang Yingying was speechless for a while: "No...no. You have misunderstood. I am not Sun Rong at all..."

"This is impossible."

Silver Fox: "My judgment has never been wrong. Ms. Sun, even if you cut your hair short and change the hairstyle that appeared on TV before, we still know that you are Sun Rong."

"You know who my grandfather is. My grandfather is very powerful. He is Martial Saint..."

"I know. After all, he is the leader of a group.

Boss Sun's strength is indeed the same as that of Martial Saint among the ten generals."..."

"Don't worry. Miss Sun, we will never hurt you. We just need to take you to a place and then take a video for you. You only need to explain clearly to the camera what you have done. Already."

Silver Fox crossed his fingers and propped up his knees with his elbows. He looked at "Sun Rong" and said, "When all this is done, we will naturally let you go back."

At this time, Jiang Yingying only felt aggrieved. Tears were already welling up in her eyes, gradually soaking through the whole cloth covering her eyes.

It's not like she doesn't know that she looks a bit similar to Sun Rong.

In the past, she even thought that this was a gift given to her by God. Since Sun Rong can pursue Wang Ling, then she can do the same.

At least in terms of appearance, she and Sun Rong are equal. And who Wang Ling will fall in love with in the end is the result of her and Sun Rong's respective abilities.

But now when she was once again mistaken as "Sun Rong" and kidnapped. For the first time, Jiang Yingying had the idea of resenting her own appearance...

Why should she suffer such a sin for Sun Rong!

It's obviously not her fault!

Trying to stop the tears and calm down. Jiang Yingying tried to negotiate with Yinhu again: "That...this big brother. I can tell you very clearly. I am really not Sun Rong. My surname is Jiang. You guys We really arrested the wrong person. But don’t be discouraged... If you arrest the wrong person, you can start over. I won’t blame you... Anyway, you are not the first wave of people who made the mistake..."

However, facing Jiang Yingying's words, Yinhu didn't believe it at all: "Miss Sun, don't pretend anymore at this time. We have already checked your mobile phone contacts. The one named Jiang Xiaoche in it is your driver and... Currently the Secretary-General of Huaguo Shui Lian Group?"

"..."

Jiang Yingying was stunned by these words and was momentarily speechless.

"Let me tell you, Miss Sun. As long as you tell your affairs honestly, there will be no problem. Let me ask you a few questions first. You can make a draft in your mind first to avoid stumbling when recording the video later."

At this point, Silver Fox took out his notebook again: "First question. After the child was born, were any drugs used to induce growth?"

Jiang Yingying: "?"

"The second question. Where did the child come from? Who was born to him? When was he born?"

Jiang Yingying: "It's not...the child you're asking about. What's going on?"

Silver Fox Haha: "Ms. Sun, you are still pretending to be like this. Does it interest you? Your children can even go to the ground to make soy sauce."

Jiang Yingying: "???"





Chapter 1750 Rescue Jiang Yingying


At this moment, Jiang Yingying is still in a state of confusion. She has no idea about the cause and effect of the incident. She can only make a basic judgment on the whole thing from the current conversation with Yinhu.

First of all, she must have been arrested by mistake. This is absolutely true. The initial target of this group was Sun Rong himself... and the purpose of arresting Sun Rong seemed to be to confirm certain aspects of intelligence. Pass Record video evidence to blackmail Sun Rong.

But the current information is a huge scandal that Jiang Yingying was shocked to hear.

Having a baby out of wedlock. And after giving birth to a baby, she also used methods such as inducing birth... Either of these two things would be scary enough.

Rationally speaking, Jiang Yingying didn't think Sun Rong would do such a thing. As her opponent all along, combined with all aspects of Sun Rong's character, Jiang Yingying immediately I feel that this matter is not reliable. It is mostly based on rumors and unconfirmed misunderstandings.

And now, these people have caught themselves.

If she really used the trick to impersonate Sun Rong and help Sun Rong record such a video...even if this matter can be clarified in the end, it will plunge the Huaguo Shui Lian Group into a huge public opinion storm.

In today's Internet environment, sometimes fake news appears about a certain incident that may cause public outrage. The truth of the incident is often not the focus of public attention. More people are just used to venting their emotions through this window. .It is very rare for people to remain rational in such a public opinion environment.

Jiang Yingying doesn't like Sun Rong. And has always regarded Sun Rong as a good competitor.

And the current choice is actually a good opportunity for her to overthrow a competitor. Even if she can't overthrow her, at least she can make the opponent feel disgusted for a while.

But no matter how much he hates Sun Rong. Jiang Yingying, he won’t do that.

Because this is the wrong thing.

At this moment, the first person Jiang Yingying thought of was his grandfather.

Jiang Martial Saint educated her and did not allow her to do such obscene things.

She was worried that she would be embarrassed by her grandfather who loved her very much.

At the same time, I also hope that I can have a real and fair opportunity with Sun Rong to compete Wang Ling.

Jiang Yingying doesn't know if she will regret this decision in the future.

But now. She has made up her mind.

"Miss Sun, tell the truth and it will be beneficial to everyone." Silver Fox curled his lips and smiled.

Jiang Yingying suppressed the fear in her heart and tried to calm her uncontrollable trembling. She was covered with a blindfold and could not see the appearance of the silver fox clearly. But she followed the silver fox's voice and looked in the direction of the silver fox: "I don't care if you are Who are you talking to? I'm dreaming of you! He-tui!"

A mouthful of saliva just spit on the silver fox's face.

Yinhu was shaking with anger. With a snap, he immediately slapped Jiang Yingying.

"Boss... you can't hit her... otherwise it will be seen in the video..." The kangaroo next to him held his forehead, feeling helpless.

"Don't worry. I'm keeping my hand. Nothing will happen. I'll touch up her makeup later before recording the video. Cover the red marks on this bitch's face."

Yin Huhehe. As he said that, he pinched Jiang Yingying's chin and said, "Miss Sun, since you are so uncooperative, then don't blame us for failing to do the job... We brothers, none of us have wives. Guess." If I lock you up to comfort them, then make a video. As a young lady from a wealthy family, videos like this are on the black market. Guess how many curious viewers there are?"

Jiang Yingying stopped talking. He just lowered his head. At the same time, he was praying that someone would find out that he had been kidnapped soon.

She knew it was better not to anger this group of people right now. Otherwise, she would really be in danger...

But at this moment, with the extremely helpless emotions intertwined and fluctuating in his heart, Jiang Yingying also made some surprising discoveries.

Even at this time, she was looking forward to the first person who could come to save her.

The face that comes to mind is neither Wang Ling. nor Jiang Xiaoche...

her mind.

It's a blank....

On the other side, Jiang Yingying was taken away by a group of people pretending to be doctors. Almost half an hour after Yinhu left, Jiang Martial Saint noticed it.

Because he and his granddaughter no longer live together, Marshal Jiang took over the house opposite Jiang Yingying for safety reasons and installed what looked like a peephole on the door. It was actually a remote monitoring device. Device...

That night, Jiang Martial Saint originally called for surveillance to see if Jiang Yingying had gone home. As a result, he happened to take a picture of the silver fox using gold-eating insects to break into the door.

Just a few minutes later, the Office of Strategic Deception received a co-investigation notice from the Huaxiu Alliance. The Office of Strategic Deception was required to immediately organize manpower to thoroughly investigate the arrest of Jiang Yingying in a short period of time.

In video conference.

Lord Diu Lei personally came out to appease Jiang Martial Saint.

It can be seen that the face of this veteran general is full of haggard and vicissitudes of life.

"Zhenjun. I am just such a granddaughter..."

"Uncle Jiang, don't worry. We are all highly cooperating with the investigation regarding Ms. Jiang Yingying's case. I believe there will be results soon. Ms. Jiang is a lucky person. She will be fine."

Lord Diu Lei comforted him. Just as he finished speaking, a document was suddenly handed over from the blind spot on the side.

After a quick read, Lord Diu Lei showed a surprised expression on his face: "There is already news from Uncle Jiang. Now I switch the video to the new research team leader in my Office of Strategic Deception, Mr. Shou Chong."

Shou Chong?

That unreliable internet celebrity scientist?

Jiang Martial Saint looked forward to it. After transferring the video, the picture in the video turned out to be a lotus pond...

"This is..."

"Oh, by the way. I forgot to tell Uncle Jiang. Because Teacher Shou Chong's body was destroyed by the villain in the previous mission. So now the Office of Strategic Deception has reshaped him into a new immortal lotus body. But the body is still being cultivated. At present Teacher Shou Chong can only be kept in a pond. He relies on nerve conduits to transmit information."

"..."

Jiang Martial Saint was stunned for a moment. Then he said anxiously: "So. Do you have any clues now?"

In the video, Shou Chong's voice came from the tablet computer next to the lotus pond: "This is Mr. Jiang. Although this group of people cannot be retrieved at all in the police's background information database, they are completely invisible people. But in my On the terminal device, I found out that someone tracked Ms. Jiang’s location through the facial recognition system I sold before."

"Your facial recognition system?"

"This is the extra money I made from a technology company before. But because I was worried that the system would be used by criminals, I still left a backdoor. Their usage records. I can find them here."

Shou Chong said: "The person they should want to arrest is girl Sun Rong. But I don't know why. They found Miss Jiang. My skills should not make such a mistake."

"..."

Hearing this, Lord Diu Lei and Jiang Martial Saint fell silent at the same time.

This man really has no idea about his inventions...





Chapter 1751 The "scapegoat" of Sun Rong


Even the Tengu would not have thought that they were being monitored by the "back door" left by Shou Chong at that time. And they could clearly identify the personnel of their Duobao City underground intelligence team.

"The biggest leader of Duobao City's underground intelligence trading network is called Tengu. He is a wanted criminal in many countries. He is very cunning. He always wears a Jason mask. But usually the person caught is not Tengu himself." Shou Chong told Jiang Martial Saint explained.

"What does this mean?" Martial Saint frowned.

Lord Diu Lei continued Shou Chong's words and explained: "Based on the evidence currently in the police's possession, Tengu represents more than one person. The true identity of this leader is a coalition of many elites. Therefore, in past operations, the police arrested It doesn't help to kill one. Intelligence operations continue to be carried out."

Shou Chong nodded: "Zhenjun is right! In fact, this time for the underground intelligence network, the Municipal Bureau of Xiuzhen Police Department has already united with the multi-national investigation team against Tengu. They have been secretly monitoring for many days, but they have not found a suitable opportunity. Take action. I'm afraid that if I take action, I'll alert the enemy."

"So. How many countries' investigation teams are coming to investigate this matter?" Jiang Martial Saint asked.

"In the currently reported list of joint investigation teams, there are a total of investigation teams from nine countries cooperating with us in the investigation."

"Ten countries... It seems that the Tengu has offended many people."

"Yes. Lord Martial Saint." Shou Chong said: "And many investigation teams are appointed by the heads of various cultivation countries. They are required to catch all the Tengu."

Speaking of this, Shou Chong, who appeared in the avatar on the tablet, suddenly frowned: "But...because the Tengu can escape in every action. At present, our Huaxiu police are also There are doubts about the true purpose of the foreign joint investigation team."

"You mean. In the joint investigation team, there might be Tengu people?"

"Yes. Lord Martial Saint. But this is just a little suspicion."

Shou Chong said: "So for this operation to save classmate Jiang, I personally suggest that it is best to take private action. Do not use the relationship between the Office of Strategic Deception and the police. This way, it will not disturb the investigation team and the Tengu team. If these people are secretly rescued by their classmates, the tengu will be left dumb eating coptis."

"Got it."

Jiang Martial Saint nodded: "So. I have one last question."

Shou Chong: "Martial Saint, please speak."

Jiang Martial Saint: "You said before that what these people really want to arrest is Miss Rongrong. What I want to know is. Why do they want to arrest her?"

"Well..."

This question suddenly made Shou Chong fall into silence.

Jiang Martial Saint frowned: "What's going on? Hesitating. Sun Yiyuan and I are also acquaintances. Don't worry. No matter what the reason is, I will definitely not blame him. This is something that can't be helped. It was an accident. No one can I don’t want to see it."

The scene was quiet for several minutes. Finally, Lord Diu Lei spoke first: "That's it. Lord Martial Saint..."

He knew. There had to be an explanation.

Otherwise, Martial Saint will never give up.

"Mr. Sun is taking care of a baby these days...but that little one actually has nothing to do with Mr. Sun's family. He is just the younger brother of one of Miss Rong's classmates."

Lord Diu Lei frowned. But he decided to explain according to the prepared words: "The result was unimaginable. This child was misunderstood by the intelligence dealer as being born to Miss Sun. So..."

"That's why the Tengu people had a bad idea. They planned to kidnap Rongrong and use it to coerce information and extort money."

To Lord Diu Lei's surprise, Jiang Martial Saint seemed to have known about this matter early on.

After hearing the previous statement, he curled up his lips and couldn't help but laugh out loud: "Actually, I already know these things Zhenjun said."

Lord Diu Lei suddenly understood: "So this is... a test?"

"The Office of Strategic Deception is getting bigger and bigger now. Head of State is always a little worried.

Sometimes necessary testing is necessary." As he spoke, Jiang Martial Saint stood up and faced the video camera: "I'm glad that the real king told me these things truthfully. Then the real king doesn't have to intervene in the next thing. Let's use the resources of the Office of Strategic Deception. This battle is really big, so I have decided to do it myself..."

Martial Saint finished speaking and immediately interrupted the link.

Lord Diu Lei originally wanted to call him out, but was a step too late.

Shou Chong: "What happened to Zhenjun?"

Lord Diu Lei couldn't laugh or cry: "I originally wanted to tell Martial Saint. Now there are people who are going to find Miss Jiang... and they are all private actions."

Shou Chong: "Already deployed?"

Lord Diu Lei shrugged helplessly: "You know. I am just a unit of measurement of combat power. They never listen to my orders."

Shou Chong: "..."

Lord Diu Lei: "If Martial Saint goes over now, I'm afraid we can get together a table of mahjong... But in this operation, Miss Rong also went. I'm really worried that Miss Rong's strength will be exposed in front of the ten generals." . I'm afraid I won't be able to explain clearly."

...

On the other side. Just like Lord Diu Lei said. Sun Rong is already on the way to rescue Jiang Yingying.

Although I don’t know how many times I have rescued Jiang Yingying. But when this familiar scene happened again, even Sun Rong felt a sense of destiny tricking people.

In the past, when her strength was not that strong, the competitors of the Huaguo Shui Lian Group tried every means to hire people to abduct her and cause trouble for her. For example, the former Shadow Stream.

But now...

After she gained strength, this group of people would make mistakes when trying to catch anyone. Instead of looking for her, they would look for Jiang Yingying.

So after a comprehensive comparison, Sun Rong surprisingly found that Yingliu's comprehensive business capabilities are stronger...at least. It won't mistake people.

"Rongrong. I don't quite understand why you want to save her? Don't you always hate that Jiang Yingying?" While riding the blue motorcycle transformed by Aohai on the Ring Expressway. Sun RongSuddenly I heard Sun Ying'er's voice in my mind.

"It's true that I hate her. Because she also likes Wang Ling. We are in a competitive relationship. But there is nothing wrong with liking someone. This is a normal thing."

Sun Rong said: "And she was taken away. It was also because the group of people mistakenly identified her as me. How could I just ignore her? If I leave her alone this time, I will feel that I don't care about her at all. I am not qualified to stand on the same platform as her and like Wang Ling."

"But what if your strength is exposed..."

"It's okay."

Sun Rong smiled: "I heard. Zhuo Yi Senior is also on the way."

Sun Ying'er: "..."

Good guy.

Now, sharing the same pot?





Chapter 1752 Unexpected Action


Jiang Xiaoche got 20 million in intelligence fees by selling Wang Muyu's photo. However, in fact, not long after he came out of Tengu, he met another intelligence dealer named Skunk.

Yes.

Jiang Xiaoche did not leave Duobao City directly.

Instead, I plan to use the newly obtained 20 million to use part of it to buy some inside information about stocks and funds so that I can trade in a timely manner and avoid being treated as Jiucai.

Skunk is a well-known traffic intelligence dealer in the Duobao City underground intelligence network. He does not belong to any force. He is a very rare solo operator. However, the accuracy of his intelligence information is quite high. It is no less than that of the Tengu.

So many people are actually suspicious of Skunk. They think that Tengu has an informant from the Skunk branch.

"You wait."

Under the skunk's mask, Jiang Xiaoche heard a very sharp electronic sound. It went straight into his ears. Then a hand was put on his shoulder: "This gentleman, I have a new acquisition here. I received some information. I wonder if you are interested?"

"Is it related to stock funds? Or are liquor stocks about to fall?" Under the mask, Jiang Xiaoche was extremely alert.

"No. But you are definitely interested in my news. As long as you pay me five million first. If you are not interested after hearing this, I can refund half of it to you." Skunk chuckled.

If it was an ordinary wandering information dealer, Jiang Xiaoche would naturally not believe it. But this person was a skunk.

He was suspicious for a while, but finally went to the underground bank with Skunk and made the transfer according to the foreign account provided by Skunk.

It wasn't until he saw the transfer receipt that Skunk handed a piece of paper back to Jiang Xiaoche: "Information. Right here."

Jiang Xiaoche opened the note. There were only a few words written on it: "Jiang Yingying, the adopted granddaughter of the Tenth General Jiang Martial Saint, was captured by the Tengu."

Jiang Xiaoche's scalp went numb immediately upon hearing the news.

Jiang Yingying was arrested?

This...

What's going on?

His forehead was instantly covered with beads of sweat. He quickly wrote on the note and asked: "Why did the Tengu capture her?"

The skunk saw the question. A sly smile appeared under the skunk's face: "It's still the old rule. Five million for one question. I think you have a lot of questions. Why don't you charge more. If it's not used up, it won't be a big deal for me. I'll give it to you the way it came."

Jiang Xiaoche gritted his teeth. Finally, he transferred another fifteen million to Skunk...

In just a short moment, the 20 million he had just received had been wasted.

After seeing the transfer credentials, Skunk nodded with satisfaction. He pulled Jiang Xiaoche to an uninhabited corner.

"You can tell me now, right?" Jiang Xiaoche was a little anxious: "She has no grudges with the Tengu. There is no intersection..."

"I know this better than you."

Skunk said: "It is said that there is a fake who sold a photo related to the Huaguo Shui Lian Group. In order to verify the news, Tengu planned to arrest the Sun Rong eldest lady. Who knew that Miss Jiang was because It's somewhat similar to Miss Sun Rong. They actually arrested the wrong person. It's really ridiculous. Over the years, Tengu's business ability has become worse and worse."

"Arrested the wrong person?" Jiang Xiaoche: "Then will they let her go?"

"This is your third question. After I answer you now, you have one more chance to ask." The skunk raised a finger.

"Okay...I understand..." Jiang Xiaoche nodded.

"Based on what I know about the Tengu people, this matter probably won't end so satisfactorily."

Skunk said: "Black market intelligence emphasizes precision and accuracy. Although it was only the intelligence confirmation team under Tengu that made the mistake this time, the fact that the wrong person was arrested has already been circulated internally and spread. ..Otherwise, I wouldn’t sell you this information."

"What do you mean?"

"I have a feeling that this Miss Jiang will end up miserable. After all, so far, no one knows where this Miss Jiang is being held. The Tengu people have always been ruthless.

If we can erase her existence, die without any evidence, and then whitewash the matter and make it a misinformation, given Tengu's reputation in the industry, I'm afraid most employers will still believe it. "Then what should I do?"

Jiang Xiaoche was very anxious.

Skunk thought for a moment and simply transferred the last five million to Jiang Xiaoche.

"What are you doing?" Jiang Xiaoche was worried.

"Because I don't know the answer." Skunk shrugged: "If you want to blame it, just blame the bastard who sold out the information about the Huaguo Shui Lian Group."

Jiang Xiaoche: "..."

...

"Hello. Zhuo Yi Senior? Yes. I am in Duobao City now. But this is an underground intelligence trading market. How do I get in?" After arriving in Duobao City, Sun Rong immediately gave Zhuo YiMade a phone call.

"Master, please be patient and don't be impatient."

"I'm not your mistress..."

"Hey. Don't you think you can count it yourself?"

"..."

"Master, don't worry. There is a shop owner who sells spiritual potted plants in Duobao City. I have already put the secret order and map to enter the dungeon under a pot of rich flowers. Also inside. I We also prepared a nine-tailed fox mask. Master Wife must not show your true face after entering."

"Okay...I understand. I'll be there right now!"

"Ah, by the way, Master. Please don't do anything after entering. The most important thing is to find out the location and confirm the safety of classmate Jiang. If the life safety of classmate Jiang is threatened, just pretend that I didn't say what I said above."

Zhuo Yi After thinking for a while, he added: "Master Wife can do whatever he wants. Just leave all the aftermath matters to me. But Master Wife needs to pay attention to one other thing."

"What's the matter?"

"That's Jiang Martial Saint, who is already on his way here. It is very likely that you will meet him face to face during this operation. He knows your Aohai. Maybe he will directly find out your identity."

"Okay. I understand. Thank you, Senior Zhuo."

Sun Rong nodded. He immediately hung up the phone.

"Eh? Martial Saint is coming too. What should we do?" Sun Ying'er's voice sounded in Sun Rong's mind again.

"Don't worry."

Sun Rong shook his head: "Aohai has the ability to simulate sword energy. As long as he hides his true sword energy, he won't be afraid."

...

"How is the situation now? Is your classmate Jiang in danger?"

Just as Zhuo Yi was driving to Duobao City, Jiugong Liangzi, the co-pilot, also showed unusual concern about this matter.

"This is not clear yet. But the teacher's wife has already passed. She knows the aura of her classmate Jiang. Use Aohai to search. I believe she will be able to find her location soon. But this matter has become a bit troublesome now... I actually just just There's something I haven't told my wife."

"What else?"

"Little Muyu, he ran away..."

"Ah? Ran away?"

"Because today was originally the day when the teacher's wife went to see the little wooden fish. But now she went to save her classmate Jiang... It must have been that the little wooden fish lost the temper of a child and ran out to find the teacher's wife. I have already done this. I told Master. Master is also on his way there."

Hearing this, Jiugong Liangzi took a breath of air.

Good guy. She's straight up good guy.

A family of three. neatly...





Chapter 1753 The bustling Duobao City


Jiugong Liangzi feels that this time the Duobao City operation seems to be very lively...all forces are secretly gathering together. This is by no means a common thing.

"What should we do next?" She had a vague premonition.

This is purely a woman's sixth sense.

"He's still just a child after all. It's too difficult to restrain him." Zhuo Yi shrugged helplessly. He held the steering wheel. In fact, he was a little at a loss inside.

It doesn't matter if he is asked to take the blame. It is his duty as a disciple to help the master take the blame. But if Wang Muyu is seen by everyone, he will not be able to take the blame...

Because even if he told the truth, he was willing to admit that Wang Muyu was his child. But when everyone saw that Muyu had the same face as his master, they probably wouldn't believe it.

It's not necessarily the case that he had a baby with Wang Ling...

...

On the other side, holding the pass prepared by Zhuo Yi, Sun Rong successfully entered the underground intelligence trading market in Duobao City.

I have to say that the scale of this place is quite astonishing. Wandering intelligence dealers wearing masks and trying to sell information can be seen everywhere.

There are also stalls for public sale. This is a planned market. Information dealers hide their hands in their long sleeves and wait for customers to arrive in the square retro-style stalls.

On the table is a tube that only contains information. According to the value of the information, these tubes can be divided into bamboo tubes, iron tubes, jade tubes and gold tubes.

The tubes are also distributed based on the intelligence value after appraisal by a specialized neutral intelligence agency in Duobao City. Intelligence vendors cannot make their own decisions.

Follow the normal transaction process. After payment is completed, the information in the corresponding tubes can be obtained. Finally, the tubes will be handed over to the recycling area at the exit. There will be a dedicated person responsible for recycling these tubes.

It's just that the information purchased through stalls or wandering dealers is equivalent to a kind of information gold mining. The information you get may not be what you want.

However, the total transaction volume successfully sold through these vendors every year is still tens of billions, and continues to increase year by year.

This is enough to prove how scary people's desire for gossip is.

"Today's discount on jade tubes. Buy two and get one free. You can choose any information. Today's information contains gossip about female celebrities. The online author will update the information..."

"This booth contains the latest secret realm news in the world of cultivation. If you draw a friend who has secret realm news, I can recommend a big guy to lead the team. It is safe and risk-free. Cultivation will get twice the result with half the effort."

"The information on this booth contains the home address of the author Ku Xuan. Friends who can draw this information will also receive 88 black iron blades and express delivery service. Your satisfaction is guaranteed."

...

When passing by these stalls, Sun Rong heard a variety of hawking and shouting sounds from many nearby information dealers.

Pricing on a per-tub basis in the intelligence trading market is nothing new. If you want to purchase specified intelligence, you still have to go to a larger organization that is specifically responsible for this type of intelligence.

For example, take the Roaring Heaven Alliance headed by Tengu.

It's just that you need to pay a more expensive price.

Move forward all the way. Sun Rong At the same time, use the passive ability of Aohai's sword to amplify the spiritual consciousness until it spreads to the entire underground intelligence field.

--Found it!

In just a few breaths, Sun Rong immediately locked the specific location of Jiang Yingying.

It's just that Jiang Yingying's position seems a bit strange.

At the entrance of an underground residential area, an old mulberry tree came into view. The residential area here is specially designed for these information vendors to stay. Almost all the houses are rented by people who run this business.

Intelligence is a shady business. People who work in this business often use multiple false identities to hide their identities. Naturally, it is impossible to reveal their true address in real life.

Therefore, this underground residential area provides a good cover, allowing these intelligence traffickers to conduct their transactions unimpeded.

In the Office of Strategic Deception, the people who have the most say in intelligence are the duo of the former Immortal Castle's Lord and Lady.

The two people's intelligence trading network in Songhai City is huge.

Before being incorporated by the Office of Strategic Deception, it once had its own place in the underground intelligence trading market. If it weren't for the fact that it has now officially joined the ranks of the regular army, the Roaring Sky Alliance has lost a strong opponent. The Tengu group would not be possible. It rose rapidly in just half a year.

"Strange. Classmate Jiang's aura is obviously here." Sun Rong frowned under the old mulberry tree. According to her spiritual sense, Jiang Yingying's aura is here in this mulberry tree. The positions are almost coincident.

"Not necessarily Rongrong. It's possible that there is a universe inside." As the Lord of the Void, Sun Ying'er's sensitivity to space and experience judgment are stronger than Sun Rong.

"Ying'er, what you mean is that classmate Jiang is locked up in a layered space?"

"This underground intelligence city is crowded and crowded. It would definitely not be safe if it were locked directly in our current main space. So, some layered methods are probably used in it." Sun Ying'er analyzed.

Spatial layering. Let’s use the simplest principle to explain. This is similar to the layer layering effect of PS software. After setting up a main spatial layer, you can carry out multiple spatial layers underneath to hide the people you want to hide. , things, things are hidden inside.

To put it in plain English, this is the same method as some boys like to create multiple folders and then hide indescribable video files. And the method of naming that folder "Study Materials" is exactly the same.

The design of many cultivation spells originally came from life. It is not difficult for people who have mastered the relevant spells to cast this spell.

The reason why Tengu hid Jiang Yingying like this is because this kind of space layering technique is absolutely safe.

It is impossible for non-powerful people to detect it so easily.

But even so, it cannot escape the temptation of today's nine-core Aohai.

...

At the same time, in the Number 3 layered space of the underground intelligence city, Yinhu and others were still conducting video evidence collection on Jiang Yingying in the independent interrogation room here.

"Classmate Jiang. I hope you can cooperate." Silver Fox frowned. He had changed his mind and knew that he had indeed arrested the wrong person.

However, at the moment, their only option with the smallest sacrifice is to make the mistake. Let Jiang Yingying pretend to be Sun Rong and record the video. This is the best way.

Because of the arrest of Jiang Yingying, the Tengu people judged that the Huaguo Shui Lian Group must be on guard. They want to arrest Sun Rong again. I'm afraid it won't be that easy.

Originally, Yinhu thought that letting Jiang Yingying pretend to be Sun Rong to record a fake video would be much smoother, because these two people didn't deal with each other very well.

But he never expected that Jiang Yingying would be much tougher than he thought.

I asked for a long time. Facing the prepared camera, Jiang Yingying gritted his teeth and refused to say another word.

"Don't be disrespectful." Silver Fox was annoyed. He pinched Jiang Yingying's chin and said, "This layered space was created by a powerful senior. Even if your grandfather really comes, he won't be able to find it here."

Silver Fox said with a snort.

He really didn't take Jiang Martial Saint seriously.

As we all know, all ten generals are in the True Immortal realm.

But since the upgrade of the earth, the current highest level of cultivators on earth has opened up restrictions...

True Immortal realms are rare.

But in the eyes of the Silver Fox gang, who have stronger people in the background, they are just a few cabbages.





Chapter 1754 The Doomsday Straw


Just as Silver Fox said, before the earth was upgraded, there were a large number of cultivators in the True Immortal realm who had stayed in this realm for a long time.

They chose not to be promoted at the beginning because of the overall load on the earth. They were worried that after their promotion, the aura of the earth would be depleted and there would not be enough for use.

But now after the upgrade, as the problem of spiritual energy has been solved, the {True Immortal Convention} established by various countries back then has come to an end.

However, what Silver Fox and others do not know is that the {True Immortal Convention} is just an agreement. Before the earth is upgraded, some cultivation countries are actually planning to accumulate resources and let their military commanders be promoted to True Immortal. A realm above the realm.

Trust between people is very weak these days. The competition between the major cultivating countries is even more like a game between state machines. It is impossible for any one to let go of the opportunity to surpass other cultivating countries and become the hegemon.

Take Mixiu Country for example. Over the years, they have been observing the True Immortal Convention on the surface, but in fact, they have been secretly planning to promote their generals to the True Immortal realm for more than a day or two.

It's just that you have to step into the True Immortal realm. But it's not that easy.

And among them, talent is a very important part...

Therefore, many generals in cultivation countries seem to be abiding by the regulations in recent years. In fact, this is not the case.

It's just that they simply don't have the talent to move to a higher level.

But talented people still exist.

The next realm after True Immortal is Venerated Immortal. Of course, there are very few people who can accidentally step into the interlayer realm between the two realms like Lord Diu Lei. That is the True Venerated Immortal realm.

This is a promotion event with a small probability. It is also a manifestation of talent. Because entering the True Venerated Immortal realm, this indicates that the cultivator's own foundation will be more solid. In the future, he will have the talent to impact the ancestral realm.

But in most cases, the next level of True Immortal is Venerated Immortal. Their combat power is the same as that of Zhenyuan immortals.

Silver Fox thought that the current strength of the ten generals was still in the True Immortal realm.

But in fact, his intelligence fell behind after all.

In the past few years of observing the {True Immortal Convention}, the ten generals have certainly abided by the treaty, but they have never forgotten their practice.

To reach the realm of Venerated Immortal, it is not enough to just pile up resources. High-level cultivators need to cultivate their minds. As long as the state of mind is reached, even a small part of the resources can reach a high position.

This is the legendary strategy of lying dormant and hiding one's strength and biding time.

Boom!

In the layered space Number 3, there was a big fluctuation at this time. There were streaks of divine light, and it was like the sky and the earth were falling apart. The building used to imprison Jiang Yingying for collecting videos also seemed a little shaky under such big fluctuations.

"What's going on..." Silver Fox was shocked.

"Sir Silver Fox. Someone broke into the layered space!" Kangaroo, who had been holding a tablet to monitor the status of the space, immediately replied.

There was also a look of shock on his face. An expression of disbelief.

Because the intruders were too aggressive and domineering. They clearly separated several layers of space and had absolute encryption. But the other party seemed to have already figured out which layer Jiang Yingying was locked in. After precise positioning, they drove straight in.

"Stop it with a filing. Let's take her and evacuate!" Yinhu made a decision immediately.

He tried to evacuate the space with Jiang Yingying and hide in a new layered space. However, the kangaroo's face showed a look of embarrassment.

Because he found that the layered space was no longer under his control. The senior who stood behind them had arranged everything. He only gave them a tablet to control everything. They could divide the space into as many layers as they wanted with one click. Foolish operation. Just click a little.

But now the kangaroo discovered that the buttons on it didn't work.

At this time, a red dot appeared on the map of the tablet. This was the invasion display function of layered space Number 3. The red dot was the location of the intruder.

When the picture on the screen was shown, Jiang Yingying also saw the appearance of the person. It was a man wearing a nine-tailed fox mask and holding a bandage sword.

The mysterious woman wearing Hanfu...in order to hide Aohai. Sun Rong carefully wrapped Aohai tightly in a special white bandage.

Because her face was blocked and her figure was covered with loose Hanfu, she was unable to realize who it was for a moment.

Thanks to Sun Ying'er's patient explanation, Sun Rong was able to successfully reach the third level of space.

This is not the first time she has experienced combat. After having several combat experiences, Sun Rong clearly understands the importance of blocking the map. This is to ensure that the target does not escape.

Therefore, she just entered the third space. She directly used the move "Everyother". This is a space swordsmanship that uses the power of Aohai to enter into a contract with a designated space. It can attack the designated space in a short time. The space is blocked. The space is controlled by Sun Rong.

The architectural layout of space three is almost the same as that of the first floor. Only a few buildings have changed. Sun Rong moved forward and accurately locked the position of the old mulberry tree that was previously detected outside.

A sharp sword energy swept across, causing Silver Fox to break out in cold sweat on the spot.

Sun Rong walked over step by step. At the same time, he saw endless black divine birds flying in the sky. They looked like crows, but they were larger than crows.

These black divine birds were entrenched in the air. They were densely packed and formed a whirlpool. Then they instantly gathered together and swooped down like a long dragon. They attacked and killed Sun Rong.

"Huh? Eternal One?"

Sun Rong was surprised. I felt that this black divine bird actually contained the power of the Eternal One.

Could it be that apart from Master Wu Xin, are there any Eternals who were left out of the Corpse Map and are still alive today?

She looked calm. She stretched her arms, revealing a snow-white wrist. Aohai, whose hand was wrapped in a bandage, simulated a red sword energy at this time, pressing toward the void. It was like an endless bright ray of light pouring down on the divine bird in the sky.

Boom!

The moment these black divine birds touched them, they let out a painful cry.

This kind of power is so amazing. He can fight against tens of thousands of divine birds in the sky by himself without any difficulty at all.

"Eh. What is this?" Sun Rong looked at the black divine bird that was burned all over the sky. Suddenly he stretched out his hand and pinched the remaining debris after the black divine bird was burned.

It was not until this moment that she suddenly realized that this black divine bird was actually a product made of black straw.

"As expected of the Eternal Elder. He is indeed extraordinary." Sun Rong was secretly surprised in his heart.

The combat power of each of these black divine birds is as high as the True Immortal realm. If they all swoop down and explode in a suicide attack, the power may be superimposed to the Venerated Immortal realm or even higher.

But it's a pity. Before they could rush down, these sacred birds made of black straw were burned to pieces by her.

At the same time, on the other side, Wang Ling peeked at the screen and saw this scene. He was also stunned in his heart.

Because he recognized the origin of the black straw.

That's something called doomsday straw...





Chapter 1755 There are two people at my door


Sun Rong took action. It was almost effortless to rescue Jiang Yingying. With just a few pieces of information like Silver Fox, there was no way to stop her.

Boom!

There was a loud noise. The door of the building where Jiang Yingying was imprisoned was opened by the red light simulated by Aohai. The simple stone door instantly fell into pieces and was neatly cut into tofu pieces.

Sun Rong stepped in wearing a nine-tailed fox mask. The silver fox hurriedly grabbed Jiang Yingying and strangled her throat.

"If you come any closer, I will kill him!" Silver Fox was really scared. The expression on his face was distorted.

"Oh."

Sun Rong smiled softly. She ignored Yinhu and the others at all. Sword energy surged from her body. In an instant, she differentiated into several incarnations of sword energy. They appeared on the scene at an incredible speed, including Yinhu. Behind several people from the Xiaotian Alliance, they looked like ghosts.

These incarnations of sword energy were accurately positioned. They appeared almost instantly. They instantly caught Yin Hu and others with their backhands. Then they held their legs and buried them directly into the ground. Only one head was exposed.

The operation was completed in an instant. Yinhu and others had no time to react.

This sword energy was really too strong. It was extremely fierce. When the incarnation of the sword energy approached, the cloth covering Jiang Yingying's eyes was blown away on the spot.

After a dazzling halo, Jiang Yingying finally made out the appearance of the person in the light and shadow...

"Who are you..."

"I was entrusted by your grandfather to save you." Sun Rong was stunned for a moment, then spoke.

She deliberately changed her voice. She didn't want Jiang Yingying to hear it.

...

"There are two people at my door. One is a scarecrow. The other is also a scarecrow..."

At this time. Wang Ling suddenly remembered a passage from an ancient literary classic.

The name of this classic is {Wangu Xun Shuo}. It is a collection of classic quotations from major literary masters in the Wangu period. It is said to be of great help in purifying the state of mind and even achieving breakthroughs in critical bottlenecks.

As for the sudden thought of this passage, it was because I saw these black divine birds woven from "doomsday straw" in front of me. There are tens of thousands of black divine birds, and they are all woven from such magical materials. The strength of the person behind the scenes can be It's really not bad.

Wang Ling asked the other Aeons in the Corpse Map. No one seemed to be able to think of a person who was particularly good at using this kind of straw.

Because there are many eternal people who can weave "doomsday straw". Since everyone knows how to do it, naturally not many people will pay attention to the situation of those around them.

If someone deliberately hid his ability for eternity and only showed it now, then it would really be difficult for these eternity people to think about it.

"This person must be hiding very deep. Weaving doomsday straw is very troublesome. To be able to weave these blackbirds on such a large scale. This person is at least from the ancestral realm."

"As you can see, in terms of the ancestral realm, what is the realm? Is it Human Ancestor, Earthly Ancestor or Heavenly Ancestor? Or is it possible that it is Ancestor King or Ancestor Immortal?"

"Ancestor King Ancestor Immortal is impossible. The probability of the above realms is higher."

"Hey. It's pointless for us to discuss this person's level here. Anyway, it's impossible for this person to really beat Ling Zhenren."

Wang Ling: "..."

"Let me see. Now it's not a matter of being unable to defeat Ling Zhenren. This person is even difficult to deal with the Sun Rong girl."

Inside the Supreme Corpse Map, a group of Eternals were having a heated discussion with their skeletal bodies on their heads.

No doubt. These are the truth.

In fact, Wang Ling's concern about these Eternal Ones is not so much about how strong they are. It is about what exactly did these people do after escaping from Dao Ancestor Wang's "clutches"? And why did they do so? Have you embarked on a path of helping others do evil?

Of course, these questions are all for later.

After all, Wang Ling has not figured it out yet. The real reason why Dao Ancestor Wang used various excuses to seal the Eternals in the Corpse Map.

He felt that the best way to know about this matter was to go directly to Dao Ancestor Wang and ask... Mainly because he didn't have any clues at the moment.

I don’t know if it will take until the Year of the Monkey and the Moon of the Horse to fully deduce the logic of Dao Ancestor Wang’s behavior. But put aside all factors and just talk about it based on intuition. Wang Ling feels more like Dao Ancestor Wang’s behavior. In fact, it is A kind of protection.

Although Dao Ancestor Wang's current reputation is not good. He has always been regarded as an enemy by these eternal beings, and was dubbed "Old Thief Wang."

But Wang Ling still feels that his intuition may be right.

Just as he was thinking, he had already entered the vicinity of Duobao City wearing a snow-white sportswear. Jiang Yingying was rescued by Sun Rong. Therefore, the purpose of his trip was not to rescue Jiang Yingying... but In order to find Wang Muyu in advance and avoid an own mistake.

He found that this little kid had a bad temper. He usually acted well-behaved and sweet, but he always fell out with her.

After all, he is still a child.

According to the arrangement from Zhuo Yi, Wang Ling also went to the Lingzhi stall and took away the pass to the underground intelligence trading market and a raccoon mask.

But he had just put it on. An old man suddenly walked over to him.

"Young man, where did you come from?"

A very familiar voice. I seem to have heard it on TV.

Wang Ling turned around. There was a look of astonishment underneath the mask.

Because the person standing behind him at this time is none other than Jiang Martial Saint himself...

However, Jiang Martial Saint deliberately used the method of transfiguration to avoid letting others see his true face.

But this kind of shape-changing method can never escape the eyes of Wang Ling.

He also came to get his pass and mask. He didn't see what Wang Ling's face looked like. When he walked in, Wang Ling had already put on the raccoon mask.

Upon seeing this familiar operation, Jiang Martial Saint instantly knew that the young man in front of him might be someone sent by the Office of Strategic Deception.

Jiang Martial Saint looked at Wang Ling. He raised his eyebrows and said, "Young man, you are a bit courageous. Are you here to perform a mission too?"

Wang Ling: "..."

Martial Saint didn't say much, and there was no smile on his face. He immediately put on the Sichuan opera mask prepared by the shop owner. Then he looked at Wang Ling: "Since everyone is here, let's act together. ."

Wang Ling: "..."

He could feel the youthful vigor in Wang Ling. Therefore, he judged that Wang Ling was very young and his strength was not too high.

It is a good thing for young people to be motivated. But the underground trading market is a big black market after all. The water inside is very deep. If you just know how to rush forward blindly, that is a reckless behavior.

"Young man, sometimes it's good to be motivated. But you have to take a look at the actual situation. But don't worry. Since I'm here, we can act together to ensure that you are fine. In addition, this is also a rare opportunity to learn. ."

Wang Ling: "..."

...

Another ten seconds passed. Wang Ling followed Jiang Martial Saint into the underground intelligence trading market.

At the same time, the owner of Lingzhi Store, who was responsible for handing over masks and passes, also took off his own mask.

He is not the others. It is Zhou Ziyi who was roped in by Zhuo Yi to help.

After seeing Wang Ling entering the underground trading market with Martial Saint, Zhou Ziyi immediately called Zhuo Yi directly to report the situation: "Master... Master, he happened to meet him when he was getting the token. Martial Saint. Now go in with Martial Saint!"

Zhuo Yi Support amount: "..."

This is really going to be a mahjong table!





Chapter 1756 Jiang Yingying becomes a disciple


"Classmate Jiang. Are you okay?" Sun Rong stepped forward and untied the rope that bound Jiang Yingying.

She didn't know why. She always felt that the person wearing the nine-tailed fox mask in front of her seemed familiar.

In fact, when Sun Rong first appeared, Jiang Yingying was blindfolded. For a time, he had the illusion that Sun Rong was coming to save him.

However, later on, this idea was broken by her in an instant.

Especially after her blindfold was blown away. She saw that this man's sword energy was red.

Fierce and domineering.

It's completely different from Sun Rong's Aohai.

Immediately, Jiang Yingying couldn't help laughing at herself.

She didn't know what she was fantasizing about... She actually wanted her love rival to save her?

This idea is a bit too naive.

Then Sun Rong spoke. The nine-tailed fox mask has its own voice-changing function. Therefore, Sun Rong's voice sounds very different from the original one.

"What do you call it?" Jiang Yingying asked.

Sun Rong quickly replied: "My name is... Wang Meili."

"Oh, then I'll call you Pretty Sister!"

Jiang Yingying smiled brightly.

Although everyone has always said that Jiang Yingying is very similar to himself, including Sun Rong himself. When looking at Jiang Yingying face to face, he will occasionally be in a trance. But in fact, after looking at it for a long time, he can still distinguish it carefully. distinguished.

Just like the smile in front of me. Sun Rong found that when Jiang Yingying smiled, he was actually nothing like himself.

"They didn't do anything to you, right?" Sun Rong asked.

"It's not bad. I just got slapped by two big mouths." Jiang Yingying rubbed his face. In fact, it was for video shooting. Silver Fox didn't use much force before.

Sun Rong checked it out. Use the Office of Strategic Deception prepared in advance to contact the mobile phone. Take photos to collect evidence. Then use Aohai's power to help Jiang Yingying repair his injuries.

It was still using simulated red aura. Jiang Yingying couldn't tell.

"Speaking of which, do you know why they arrested you?" Sun Rong asked as "Wang Meili" while recovering. Of course she already knew what was going on. Therefore, this question was just a test.

"They arrested the wrong person. They were originally going to arrest the eldest lady from the Huaguo Shui Lian Group."

Jiang Yingying smiled bitterly: "At the beginning, I said they had arrested me wrongly. They didn't believe me and even beat me. Later I found out that I had arrested me wrongly, so I planned to take advantage of it."

"Just follow the plan?"

"Yes. They seem to have some dirty information about the young lady. They want to make a video to prove it. They originally wanted to arrest her, but they arrested me. Then they planned to ask me to cooperate in making a video."

Jiang Yingying said: "However, I didn't agree to them. So I was beaten..."

Sun Rong was shocked when he heard these words.

Suddenly, she found that she didn't hate Jiang Yingying so much.

In such a dangerous situation...

Even if Jiang Yingying really betrays her.

She would also think that this was coercion. Jiang Yingying had no choice but to protect his life. He would not really blame her.

[Send red envelopes] Reading benefits are here! You have up to 888 cash red envelopes to be drawn! Follow the Weixin official account [Book Friends Base Camp] to draw red envelopes!

But now. Sun Rong heard what Jiang Yingying said. I always feel a little uncomfortable.

After a silence, she asked Jiang Yingying again: "But according to the news from the Office of Strategic Deception, it is said that you and this eldest lady have a feud. In fact... you can completely sell her. Self-protection is not ?"

"Ah...how do you even know this..."

Jiang Yingying didn't know what she thought of. Her face suddenly turned red: "Isn't it possible that even my grandfather knows about this? If he knew, I would be in trouble!"

"Don't worry, classmate Jiang. Martial Saint, I don't know yet..." Sun Rong reassured.

Jiang Yingying patted his chest and breathed a sigh of relief.

She didn't know if the "Wang Meili" in front of her saved her relationship. She suddenly felt that this was someone she could freely confide her concerns to.

She never told anyone these things.

One is that she doesn't dare. The other is that she feels that even if she says it, no one may understand her or listen carefully to her concerns.

But now, she is facing "Wang Meili" who saved her. Although she is not very familiar with Wang Meili, she has an inexplicable sense of trust in Wang Meili.

"Between me and her, it's not really a holiday."

Jiang Yingying sighed and said: "It's just that she fell in love with the same person. The things she did to me were not too excessive. They were just aimed at me... If it were me, I would do the same. That's what you did. It's normal."

"But isn't this a good opportunity to step on her?" Sun Rong asked sharply.

"That's true. But these evil people are evil people after all. If I help them, wouldn't I be aiding the evildoers?"

Jiang Yingying laughed: "And in the final analysis, these are things between us little girls. There is no need to use this method to ruin someone's reputation. She is my competitor. As my competitor, Jiang Yingying, I believe that She would never do such a morally corrupt thing."

"..."

After hearing these words, Sun Rong remained silent for a long time. He just felt moved.

After suppressing her emotions, she did the final healing work for Jiang Yingying.

Then, she took out a small mirror and handed it to Jiang Yingying: "Classmate Jiang, you can take a look in the mirror. I have repaired your injuries. I also helped you repair the red marks on your face."

"Thank you, pretty lady. It really doesn't hurt anymore."

Jiang Yingying nodded. Then he took the mirror and looked at himself in the mirror. Then he couldn't help but feel a surprise on his face: "Wow! Why do I feel that my face seems to be much whiter! The beautiful lady is so amazing." !"

"They're all just trivial tricks..." Sun Rong said modestly.

"Speaking of which, pretty sister and I hit it off right away. Pretty sister is so good at skills. Can I learn some skills from pretty sister?" At this time, Jiang Yingying suddenly changed the topic and showed expectant eyes.

"You mean... to be my disciple?" Sun Rong was stunned.

"Yes, yes. That's it! I don't know if this will break the rules of the Office of Strategic Deception." Jiang Yingying said.

In fact, she noticed early on that the Hanfu worn by Sun Rong had the emblem of the Office of Strategic Deception. She immediately knew that the sister in front of her was from the Office of Strategic Deception.

And judging by the way he extends his hands, he is most likely an elder!

"You want to be my disciple...then Martial Saint..."

"If grandpa finds out, I will take care of this matter. Grandpa won't ask any more questions."

Jiang Yingying said: "I am a girl. He has been teaching me hand-to-hand combat, martial arts, physical skills, etc... But what I really want to learn are those combat abilities that are lighter to use. Just like a beautiful sister using sword energy. Same as when he swept through this gang. How handsome."





Chapter 1757 Becoming Jiang Yingying’s Master


When Jiang Yingying saw Sun Rong's swordsmanship, at that moment, she felt a string in her heart was touched.

People of Jiang Yingying's generation were often influenced by many classic film and television dramas when they were young. For example, "Immortal Sword Rider" and the like... When the protagonist in the TV series walked with a sword and wielded a sword to the end of the world, what he saw. Almost everyone has a dream of being a hero.

Even girls will have the dream of becoming a heroine, not just a simple magical girl.

However, reality is always crueler than fantasy. Jiang Yingying has neither become a heroine who travels the world with a sword, nor has she become a magical girl.

Instead, he bit the bullet and was trained by Jiang Martial Saint as the successor of Martial Saint.

Wing Chun, Tai Chi, Song Huo and Lightning Whip... She actually had a hard time learning them. Regarding these martial arts knowledge, Jiang Yingying always felt that she had no talent in this area.

After studying for so many years, I feel like I have only scratched the surface.

Being the heir of Martial Saint is definitely not enough.

At most, you can wait until you get older and open some kind of health care institution. It's just bad money to have the name of a certain Xingyiquan leader. Cut off the Jiucai of those middle-aged and elderly cultivators who are trying to prolong their lives.

But then it would definitely be a very embarrassing thing. The most important thing is that it would affect the reputation accumulated by Jiang Martial Saint.

毊灪 lolxsw.com 毊灪. Even though she is not her biological granddaughter, Jiang Yingying's feelings for Martial Saint are real.

She didn't want to wait many years before her grandfather's reputation was ruined by her own hands.

At the same time, I don’t want to lie down on the sofa when I am over fifty, saying that nothing can be achieved in middle age. I am sorry to be born as a human being.

So, when Jiang Yingying saw Sun Rong pretending to be "Wang Meili" performing sword skills, her eyes shone at that moment.

She grabbed Sun Rong's hand and told her desire: "Pretty sister, I really don't want to be a useless person in the future... Aren't we all pursuing independent women now?"

"Stop talking...I just promise..."

Lian Sun Rong didn't expect that he would follow Jiang Yingying's words and directly agree.

Girls resonate with each other. Sometimes it's such a simple thing.

Just get to the point.

Even if there are differences between them, they can instantly become good sisters and best friends.

You don’t even need to hold hands to go to the toilet or go shopping together to cultivate feelings...

"So...what type of sword do you like to use?"

She can't teach Jiang Yingying anything like swordsmanship. After all, she is so strong mainly because of the blessing of Aohai and Aohai's own passive abilities.

So if you want to be unparalleled in swordsmanship, the most important thing is that the guy in your hand must be strong enough...

"Sword? An ordinary one will do... I'm just here to learn swordsmanship..."

"That won't work... Yingying, you know. There are many types of swordsmanship. You have to determine your own method first. For example, if you are good at using a light sword, you cannot use a light sword to perform the swordsmanship of an epee."

"Oh I see."

Jiang Yingying nodded: "Then. Big sword?"

寯寷 bx wx 寷."Big sword?"

This choice made Sun Rong a little surprised. She actually didn't expect Jiang Yingying to take the two-handed sword route.

"What's the problem, pretty lady?"

"No. No problem. Big sword. I can teach you too." Sun Rong said.

After all, Aohai can simulate the sword energy of all things. Just switch Aohai to the big sword mode. Let Aohai simulate the sword technique first. She learns it first. The same goes for teaching it to Jiang Yingying after she has learned it.

So what Sun Rong is thinking about right now is not at all about how to teach the great sword.

But I am thinking about how to choose a good one for Jiang Yingying.

There are so many spiritual swords in the Sword King Realm. There must be a suitable one.

"When the time comes, I will give you a big sword handle. The sooner you cultivate the relationship with the spirit sword, the better." Sun Rong smiled under the nine-tailed fox mask.

"Thank you, Master!" Jiang Yingying bowed happily after hearing this.

"Ah. We have talked so much. It's time to go out. Martial Saint has already come to find you. Don't let him worry."

"Uh-huh!"

Jiang Yingying nodded.

Then he took the hand from Sun Rong and stood up. He patted the dust on his body.

"What to do with these people?" Then she turned her head and looked at the Silver Fox people buried in the ground.

"This is a layered space. I will find a way to transfer them out. But before transferring them out. Yingying, do you want revenge?"

Sun Rong looked at Silver Fox and asked: "I remember. Did you say that this person beat you?"

"I would like to fight back. But will it be very painful?" Jiang Yingying asked tremblingly.

Although Silver Fox was instantly killed by Sun Rong, he was still several levels higher than Jiang Yingying. If Jiang Yingying just slapped him like that, I'm afraid the only one who would get hurt would be Jiang Yingying himself.

"That's okay. I'll just put a film on your palm."

"Film?"

"Actually, it is attached to my sword energy."

"so it is!"

Jiang Yingying smiled. He immediately rolled up his sleeves, looking like he was ready for a big fight.

A few seconds later. In the layered space.

Silver Fox and others made horrifying pig noises...

...

Wang Ling found that he seemed to have a physique that made it easy to encounter ten generals. Of course, he didn't know whether it was a problem with his physique or whether the world was really too small.

But now he had no choice but to meet Jiang Martial Saint. He could only follow Jiang Martial Saint and act according to circumstances.

Wang Ling thought it would be good to follow him and keep an eye on him. After all, what he was most worried about was that Wang Muyu would let Jiang Martial Saint see him, and then he couldn't explain clearly.

Now that Martial Saint has him behind him, he can secretly guide him from behind...

As for the situation with Sun Rong and Jiang Yingying, according to the first information he got from peeking on the screen, Jiang Yingying has been successfully rescued.

However, Wang Ling still did not relax its vigilance.

He followed Jiang Martial Saint. All the way to the Xiaotian League where the Tengu was located.

"Is there anyone?"

In front of the information counter. Jiang Martial Saint sounded a changed voice.

Soon, the Tengu appeared behind the curtain of the counter.

His face was obviously very ugly. I am afraid that he had just received the news that Silver Fox and others were killed by the group in the layered space.

This situation was something Tengu didn't expect.

And based on the latest decision made at the meeting just now.

The other Tengu have decided to give up the Silver Fox and cut off all ties with it.

But he still tried to stay calm and do business with the person in front of him.

"Sir, what kind of information do you want to buy?" Tengu said solemnly.

"I want to find someone." Jiang Martial Saint said.

"Excuse me, sir. Who is he?"

"I don't know. Does the boss know that there is an information dealer named Silver Fox?"

"Oh. Silver Fox. I know."

Tengu nodded: "But this person has nothing to do with our Xiaotian Alliance. If this gentleman can pay us a certain amount of information fees, we can send the ashes of Silver Fox to you, sir."

Wang Ling: "..."

This was just finished by Sun Rong. The Tengu actually made the decision to abandon their partners...

嗗洮洮.Wang Ling found it.

This silver fox may not be a human, but these Tengu... are real dogs...





Chapter 1758 Intelligence Obsessive-compulsive Disorder


This operation of directly betraying his partner without saying a word. Tengu handled it too decisively and skillfully. It made Wang Ling feel an old complaint in his heart and he didn't know where to start.

People who do big things don't stick to trivial matters. It's not surprising that operations like cutting off the tail of a gecko can be demonstrated in the hands of Tengu.

Wang Ling saw that Martial Saint had clenched his fists at this moment. In fact, he could feel that Martial Saint was trying his best to restrain his emotions. From the moment he and Tengu came face to face. Jiang Martial Saint He already had murderous intentions.

However, considering the overall situation, he still chose to be patient and did not directly fight here.

And at this moment, Tengu spoke. The voice was calm and composed, but at the same time it had a mysterious flavor, "Sir, since you and I are destined, I can give you a piece of information for free. Your granddaughter has been rescued." Gone. So you stay here. It doesn't make any sense."

Hearing this, under the facial mask, Jiang Martial Saint could not help but frown.

His coming here was a private act. It was impossible for outsiders to know...but the Tengu in front of him still saw through his identity. This made him feel that something was wrong.

And that's for sure.

Among the Huaxiu Alliance, Office of Strategic Deception. There must be a Tengu mole.

"Aren't you afraid?" After thinking for a moment, Jiang Martial Saint spoke up, issuing a warning voice: "Tengu, you can't be arrogant for long."

Tengu is fearless. He also smiled: "Whether we exist or not is not up to you."

When he said this, Tengu had already made up his mind. Jiang Martial Saint would not choose to take action here.

While he was looking weirdly at Jiang Martial Saint, he turned his attention to Wang Ling who was wearing a raccoon mask.

A young monk wearing a white sportswear and a raccoon mask...and he was sent by the Office of Strategic Deception. He also followed Jiang Martial Saint...

Tengu searched in his mind. Then he was shocked to find that he had no information about this young man.

Even if I occasionally think of something, my mind is still a mosaic...

"Weird. What the hell is going on?"

He always felt that even if he didn't know the specific identity of Wang Ling, he should at least be able to see what Wang Ling looked like under the face.

In fact, from the moment Wang Ling and Jiang Martial Saint entered the door, he already knew that the person under the mask was Jiang Martial Saint.

Because the behind-the-scenes senior who stands behind the Roaring Sky Alliance and all the Tengu has given them a way to easily distinguish the disguised appearance of the other party.

It doesn't matter whether it's a shape-shifting spell or wearing a mask that prevents pupil spells.

But unfortunately, this method had no effect on Wang Ling. He only saw clusters of mosaics.

"Damn...I really want to know who he is." Tengu gritted his teeth secretly.

After doing intelligence work for a long time, he felt as if he was suffering from a disease called intelligence obsessive-compulsive disorder.

Logically speaking, a young cultivator shouldn't have this kind of ability that can prevent him from peeking into his true appearance...

This magic weapon in his hand can easily penetrate even Jiang Martial Saint's mask and see his true appearance.

Not to mention a young man.

"Sooner or later, I will catch you." At this time, Marshal Jiang stared at the tengu in front of him and said in a deep voice.

Because Jiang Yingying's voice did come from his headset.

That was Jiang Yingying calling through the Office of Strategic Deception communication device here at Sun Rong. The ultimate purpose of his trip was to ensure the safety of his granddaughter. This is the most important thing. He can do anything else for it. Consider the overall situation and choose to be patient.

Although now. He really wants to take action and beat up the guy wearing the Jason mask in front of him.

He left these words and was about to take Wang Ling away.

As a result, Tengu suddenly grabbed his arm and said: "--Wait a minute!"

Tengu: "I want to know who this young man standing next to you is."

Jiang Martial Saint and Wang Ling turned their faces almost at the same time: "?"

寯寷 bⅹш*ⅹ●С〇 寷.

After a moment of silence, Martial Saint suddenly laughed: "Do you still have information that you don't know?" I have obsessive-compulsive disorder... As long as it is something I am involved in, I must know all the details."

Tengu took Jiang Martial Saint's arm and said excitedly: "Otherwise I won't be able to sleep!"

"What does that have to do with me?"

"It has nothing to do with you. But..."

Tengu was silent this day. Finally he gritted his teeth and said: "An information! You tell me who he is. I will tell you an information! Any information is fine! Take it as an exchange!"

After saying this, Jiang Martial Saint and Wang Ling were dumbfounded at the same time.

I feel like my horizons have really been opened this time.

"Haha. You can still do this?" Jiang Martial Saint couldn't believe it.

"Exchange of equal value is naturally possible." The Tengu said: "Besides, I am only the Duobao City branch dog among the Tengu. This is my decision. The other Tengu can't do anything. Of course, the information you mentioned will determine We cannot harm the core interests of our Xiaotian Alliance. In addition to any information, we can provide you with..."

Jiang Martial Saint heard this. He turned around and looked at Wang Ling beside him.

Under the raccoon mask. At this time, Wang Ling couldn't help but shed a drop of cold sweat. But overall he was calm and composed.

He was not frightened by the Tengu's words.

Even prepared for the worst.

That is, once his face is seen by these two people, he will directly erase their memories...

But after Jiang Martial Saint glanced at him, he just patted him on the shoulder and laughed: "Young man, you are so young, but your determination is quite good."

He wanted to scare Wang Ling. In the end, not only did he not scare Wang Ling, but he slapped Wang Ling on the shoulder, which made him freeze in place.

Wait a minute!

What did he see?

毊灪 baolaishiye.com 毊灪.Although I just touched Wang Ling a little bit.

But he confirmed the potential for cultivation hidden in Wang Ling!

If his judgment was correct, he would be sure that Wang Ling possesses a level of cultivation that is rare in thousands of years!

If he could be accepted as a disciple... the successor he had longed for, Miao Zi, to inherit his mantle of Martial Saint, would have new hope!

Although he put a lot of effort into Jiang Yingying, Jiang Martial Saint could actually see that his granddaughter didn't like to imitate the things he did.

Therefore, he had the idea of looking for a new heir very early.

I just didn't expect that today, by such a coincidence, I would bump into Wang Ling...

...

So at this moment, Wang Ling, who is caught in the middle, seems particularly embarrassed.

Because now it's not just Tengu. Even Marshal Jiang wants to know. Who is he...

For the first time in my life, I was stared at by two men with such intense eyes. It made Wang Ling feel a little stiff all over...

"So. Should we do this deal or not?" After a moment, Tengu finally couldn't help but ask.

"It probably can't be done." Jiang Martial Saint sighed together.

"Why?"

"Because I also want to know. Who is he."

"..."





Chapter 1759 The backbone of Tengu


At the same time, on the other side, Jiang Yingying beat Yinhu terribly.

Yes. She only beat Yin Hu. Because every injustice has its own debtor. The only person who beat her before was Yin Hu. So only Yin Hu should pay these debts.

During the entire process of Silver Fox being brutally beaten, several of Silver Fox's subordinates, represented by Kangaroo, although their bodies had been buried in the ground, with only their heads exposed, the fear that touched their souls was unspoken. And metaphorical.

They never expected that a girl in the Foundation Building stage would be so powerful after a layer of sword energy was coated on her palms... Gintama was so beaten that her nose was bruised and her face was swollen. She also seemed to have suffered serious internal injuries.

The silver fox was beaten until he vomited blood. The amount of bleeding was extremely large. The blood was not flowing at all, but it was sprayed out directly. It was like a fountain!

In fact, Jiang Yingying cannot be entirely blamed for this.

After all, with her first slap, Silver Fox felt as if her face had been run over by a truck.

Sun Rong ultimately underestimated the power of the nine-core Aohai.

Even though the sword light coating attached to Jiang Yingying's palm is only a very small part of Aohai's power, it's not an exaggeration to take a drop in the ocean as an example.

But when it really fell on Silver Fox, only Silver Fox himself knew the sour feeling.

Finally, before Yinhu completely fainted, Sun Rong took action to stop Jiang Yingying.

Revenge is revenge. Beating people to death is not good.

Then she poured Aohai's healing sword energy into Silver Fox's body to restore his injuries.

When the warm sword energy entered the body, Silver Fox's consciousness, which was about to faint, suddenly woke up.

The expression on his face was one of astonishment.

The two girls in front of Xindao are ruthless characters.

I actually want to cure him and then fight him...

What kind of devils are these? Shucang.cc 毊灪

"Don't worry, Mr. Silver Fox. We will not attack you again. But for all the crimes you committed in Xiaotian League, please tell the truth to the police in the future." Sun Rong said.

She has already notified the Office of Strategic Deception. However, since this is a private operation, neither the police nor the Office of Strategic Deception will send people over on a large scale to avoid alerting the enemy.

On the surface, this matter seems to have made Xiaotian Alliance suffer a dumb loss.

And next, her task is to transfer Yinhu and others to her own sword spirit space and take them away directly.

Hearing the news that he would not be beaten, Yinhu felt relieved. But he couldn't be happy at all. His face was still full of worry.

"Mr. Silver Fox. Do you have any questions?" Sun Rong asked upon seeing this.

"I was thinking. Even if you really take me away and send me to the police, whether I can survive is still a question." Silver Fox sighed.

From the moment when he and his men were subdued by Sun Rong and there was no movement from the Roaring Sky Alliance, Silver Fox already knew his end.

He knew he had been given up.

"You mean. The Xiaotian Alliance will come to kill you?"Sun Rong asked.寯寷 B*ⅹшⅹ●С〇寷

"Ha. The Roaring Sky Alliance is just a branch. Even if the Roaring Sky Alliance is taken away by you today and falls down, there will be other alliances that will become new branches and grow again..."

"So, the Tengu are the backbone."

"You're absolutely right..."

Thinking of this, Silver Fox sighed: "Tengu are all over the world. Unless we kill them all, this leader of underground intelligence will always be controlled by the Tengu... You rush in here. They should already know the news. But again No one was sent to rescue me and my subordinates..."

"So you think. You've been given up."

"Yes. That's right...and...

Even if you send me to prison, it may not be safe." Silver Fox looked at the nine-tailed fox mask of Sun Rong and said, "Because. Even if you send me to prison, there is no guarantee. There is nothing in the prison. Tengu people."

Tengu people have penetrated so widely?

Does it even exist in prison?

Sun Rong frowned.

I feel this is very useful information.

However, as the trunk of a big tree, not everyone can become a member of the Tengu. The existence of the Tengu itself is actually a symbol of the elite. If we take Songhai City Number 1 Prison as an example, those senior jailers have had high IQs in the past. Prisoners of technological crimes. They may all be members of Tengu...

But in that case, the scope of the investigation would be too broad.

No wonder the International Cultivator Alliance issued a notice before, requiring cultivator alliances in various countries to pay close attention to the Tengu's movements and seize the opportunity to catch this group of people.

Because if we completely let it go and allow the Tengu to grow infinitely, this group of people will indeed become a considerable threat.

At the same time, the people who can support and operate such a huge organization are probably not just ordinary little players.

"So, who is the senior standing behind you?" Sun Rong asked again.

She had already sensed the extraordinary nature of the person behind the scenes. She knew that he was probably also an Eternal One.

"Such a thing. How can I know about this senior level? I just know that this senior has extraordinary methods." Silver Fox smiled and said: "You have to find out about this senior. At least you have to catch the Tengu. And its quality The level is even higher."

"Are there still levels among Tengu?"

"Of course there are levels. The higher the level of Tengu, the larger the intelligence network it can manipulate. As far as I know, there are ten levels in total. Level ten is the highest level."

Silver Fox said: "Our Tengu division in Duobao City, that is, the third-grade Tengu. I guess we don't know the news about the seniors behind the scenes. If you want to know more, you must at least catch the fifth-grade or above. But I'm afraid you won't even be able to see the tengu who are above the fifth rank. They are well hidden."

These words are highly credible.

After all, Silver Fox and others are now in a life-threatening situation. If they want to survive, they can only tell the truth.

However, Sun Rong is also curious about something. That is that this group of Silver Fox people did not try their best.

"According to common sense, shouldn't you be tight-lipped and swear to death?"

"This is natural. We have our professional ethics. And there is no one in our family. We have no blood relatives. We have no worries."

Silver Fox said: "I and the kangaroo over there are the same as everyone else... I am the leader of this group of people. In fact, I have been planted with a sitting curse. Once something happens to me, as long as the curse is activated, we These people will just stop eating."

"But you are still alive. Are you solved?"

"Not really..."

Yinhu's face darkened and he smiled helplessly: "Isn't this just now when I was slapped one after another by Miss Jiang..."

"..."





Chapter 1760 Schrödinger’s Father


At the same time, on the other side, in Glio City, Mixiu Country, in a unique metal tree-shaped building called the Wisdom Tree, a secret roundtable meeting was going on.

This was originally a landmark building in Mixiu Country Glio City. It was founded by a cultivator headhunting company called "Xu Ze."

In recent years, Xu Ze has become famous in the name of "Talent Resource Balance". The main purpose is to complete the talent checks and balances among many sects. He is specifically responsible for recruiting talents to poach people.

Each major cultivation sect actually has its own talent reserve plan. This includes the Office of Strategic Deception as well.

Previously, Li Huayu of the Tianquan Sect, whom Crispy Noodles Dao Lord was interested in, had already been making intensive preparations and contacts in secret. The main reason why it was done in secret was to avoid alerting the enemy.

For example, it was so alarming that a headhunting firm like Xuze came in as a "spoiler" to disrupt the situation.

Of course.

No one would have thought that Xu Ze, who is famous for his headhunting work, is actually one of the biggest intelligence traders behind the scenes...

For example, the current Wisdom Tree Roundtable Conference is also called the "Full Moon Conference". Tengu from all over the world gather at this conference.

Moreover, the level of all Tengu is above the fifth level.

When the curse on Silver Fox failed to take effect according to the normal process, the Tengu quickly received the news because it was necessary to discuss the matter immediately.

At the round table meeting, all Tengu were wearing the familiar Jason mask. The stars on their foreheads symbolized their rank. One star represented a rank.

The Tengu sitting around here at this moment all have at least five stars on their foreheads.

"The person who rescued Miss Jiang was sent by the Office of Strategic Deception. Maybe they saw through the curse on the silver fox. The other party also took the initiative to remove the curse on the silver fox."

"So. Silver Fox has most likely betrayed us."

"It's not very possible. He has betrayed us. He managed to survive. This is the only way to save his life."

"What do you think of Emperor Zun..."

Having said this, all the tengu in the round table fell silent.

The emperor here refers to the only tenth-grade tengu among the tengu.

Almost all major intelligence messages are conveyed implicitly or explicitly from the "Emperor". However, no one has seen the appearance of this Emperor. Currently among the entire Tengu queue, that is. There is only one tenth-grade tengu.

"I have sent a message to Emperor Zun. But now, I have not received a response... But I want to express my opinion. It is best to eliminate the root cause of this matter."

"That master of the Office of Strategic Deception can lift the curse. Even the doomsday straw crow woven by the senior is not afraid. It is not that easy to kill her."

"Wool, after all, comes from the sheep. If the sheep is gone, the wool will become useless."

At this time, a tengu with eight stars on his forehead spoke.

"Ha. Master Ba. He is still as domineering as ever."

Another seven-star Tengu. He continued: "Although we have been planning to split the Office of Strategic Deception for a long time, I don't think this is the best time to take action."

"Then, let's vote according to the old rules. Those who support splitting the Office of Strategic Deception will raise their hands respectively with those who do not support it. Finally, count the stars on both sides. In the end, the opinion of the party with the higher number of stars will be adopted..."

...

At the same time that a group of fifth-grade and above tengu in the Wisdom Tree launched a vote, a small figure carrying a small schoolbag appeared on the streets of Duobao City.

Wang Muyu took nothing with him when he went out. He just packed some of his favorite snacks and left. As for the reason for going out, it was actually different from the rumors.

Muyu is not a completely ignorant child. "Mom" is busy rescuing people and has no time to see him. It's not that he can't understand.

The reason why I came here is mainly because I am worried about the safety of Sun Rong.

After all, he only has one "mother."

If it weren't for the Star Dragon gene in his body last night.

He couldn't help but use the dragon power of the Star Dragon to calculate a divination. What happened today would not have happened. The results of the divination were not good, so he had to make this trip.

Of course. Wang Muyu is not stupid.

This Duobao City is not a place where children should come.

He knew that if he appeared here in the body of a child, he would definitely attract attention. At that time, not only would he not be able to help, but he might even be unhelpful.

In the final analysis, Wang Muyu's ultimate wish is to shorten the relationship and distance between himself and Wang Ling, Sun Rong. He does not want to make these two people hate him.

Although he had previously said that if Wang Ling didn't come to see him, he would broadcast to the world that he was Wang Ling's son... but that was just a statement. He didn't dare to really do that.

Therefore, on the way to Duobao City, Wang Muyu's heart was extremely complicated.

He is only six years old.

But they have to shoulder the important task of maintaining family relationships.

He is really too difficult!

...

Before officially entering the territory of Duobao City, he used the dragon genes of the "Fat House Dragon" to expand his body a bit and turned into the appearance of a young man. And he was also a big fat man. It was different from his original appearance. Very big.

As a result, he smelled the scent of an acquaintance within a few steps of entering the place.

It smells like daddy...

He believes that his judgment will not be wrong.

After all, as a combination of the outstanding genes of the Dragon Clan, Wang Muyu is particularly sensitive to the perception and judgment of combat power. The combat power of all opponents can almost be converted into specific values in his mind through breath perception.

Only Wang Ling is an exception.

The perception of Wang Ling in his mind is not a specific numerical value.

But "???"

Yes.

This is very spiritual. Three question marks.

At first, Wang Muyu thought there was something wrong with his perception system.

It wasn't until later that he saw the scene where Wang Ling hanged Jingze and beat him that he realized it.

It's not that there's a problem with my perception system. It's that his father is really strong!

Eh? Now that dad is here, shouldn’t mom be in danger too?

As a hidden boss whose combat power is displayed as three "???", the moment Wang Muyu saw Wang Ling, he instinctively felt at ease.

He did not choose to take the initiative to say hello, because he saw Wang Ling being taken away by an old man wearing a facial mask. If he went over to meet him now, he would probably cause trouble to his father, right?

So Wang Muyu thought like this.

It wasn't until Wang Ling followed Jiang Martial Saint into the underground intelligence trading market that he walked up to Zhou Ziyi, who was disguised as the owner of the Lingzhi Store.

He walked over cautiously and said to Zhou Ziyi: "Excuse me..."

"?"

Zhou Ziyi had a question mark on his face.

He does know about Wang Muyu.

But now that Wang Muyu has become like this, he would never have thought that the person standing in front of him was Wang Muyu.

"You gave me daddy's brand. Can you give me one too?" Wang Muyu asked politely.

"Daddy?"

Zhou Ziyi was stunned when he heard this.

His first reaction was shock.

Because he has never heard that Jiang Martial Saint actually has a son...

"Your father is Martial Saint?" Zhou Ziyi confirmed in a low voice.

At the same time, he looked carefully at Wang Muyu up and down. He always felt that this young man looked a bit familiar, but he couldn't say that he looked very similar to Martial Saint.

"Martial Saint?"

Wang Muyu murmured in his heart. He didn't know that Martial Saint was referring to Marshal Jiang.

But I know. Since they are all called Martial Saint.

That means you can fight very well!

And his father is indeed very good at fighting!

Immediately, Wang Muyu nodded: "Yes. He is Martial Saint."

Zhou Ziyi shook his head: "But this is just your one-sided statement..."

"This is easy."

Then Wang Muyu nodded.

The next moment, Zhou Ziyi only felt that the scene in front of him changed. Everyone on the street disappeared! But the scene layout of Duobao City was still the same!

"You...what did you do?" Zhou Ziyi asked in shock.

"It's nothing. It just divides the space into layers. This is a layered space. It won't affect the real world."

Wang Muyu smiled and said: "Don't you want me to prove it? My father is very good at fighting. I am also very good at fighting!"

As he spoke, he rolled up his sleeves, revealing his fists as big as sandbags, and punched the ground hard...

Recommended new book by urban master Lao Shi:





Chapter 1761 The clever Wang Muyu


This punch was devastating. It seemed to have an ancient destructive power that cracked the earth under Zhou Ziyi's feet on the spot. The ground cracks were divided into pieces. The terrible cracks were centered on Wang Muyu's punch and stretched in all directions. Forming a complex and endless abyss...

Zhou Ziyi was dumbfounded. At the moment when Wang Muyu punched, he was wrapped in the spiritual energy bubble that Wang Muyu had differentiated. Looking at the layers that were about to collapse after being hit by Wang Muyu's punch. The world. The whole person was also shocked beyond measure.

"This..." He opened his mouth wide. This kind of power... is too strong. It is enough to prove Wang Muyu's identity as the son of Martial Saint.

Zhou Ziyi even felt that this power was a little overflowing...

And I don't know why. Zhou Ziyi seemed to be under Wang Muyu's punch. He vaguely heard the sound of crying after being beaten by a fat man.

Wait a minute!

Where does this crying sound come from?

His mind was filled with question marks and doubts.

Upon seeing this, Wang Muyu quickly cast a restoration spell. The layered space that he had messed up was restored to its original appearance in the blink of an eye.

It wasn't until everything was back to normal that he touched his head in embarrassment: "Ah, I'm sorry... I didn't mean it. That punch just now probably made the spirit of the earth cry."

"Earth Spirit..."

Zhou Ziyi's throat couldn't help but roll.

Under the leadership of Zhuo Yi these days, he has accepted a lot of knowledge that is beyond the thinking mode and world view of a normal cultivator. Naturally, he also knows that there is the existence of the spirit of the universe.

Every time his master Wang Ling makes a move on the earth, the spirit of the earth will tremble. He is afraid that he will be punched through by his master if he is not careful, or that he will be slapped like a bowling ball and fly out of the solar system. ...

As a spirit of the earth who is in a state of panic all day long, its mind is also extremely fragile. It is a spirit of the planet that is prone to crying.

Wang Muyu forgot. Although he cast the space layering technique, even if he caused further damage, it would not affect the real world. But the damage caused by the space dividing technique, according to the principle of the technique, would still be fed back to the spirit of the earth. of.

The difference is.

One is external injury. The other is internal injury...

The punch he just punched was too violent. It left no force behind. The force of the punch directly penetrated the core of the earth.

If he hadn't heard the cry of the spirit of the earth and immediately restored the situation in the layered space, the consequences would have been disastrous.

...

When the sobbing sound of the earth spirit came, Wang Ling happened to be sandwiched between Tengu and Jiang Martial Saint, looking at each other with fiery eyes and unable to move.

Almost in that brief moment.

He knew where the cries of the earth spirit came from.

And it was something that was completely beyond his expectation. As the initiator of this cry, Wang Muyu saved himself from the problem in a sense.

Therefore, Wang Ling was in a very complicated mood at this time. He thought that this little guy might cause trouble to him when he came here. Unexpectedly, he actually helped himself.

Of course. The most important thing is.

He discovered that among the snacks in the small backpack that the little guy brought this time, there was actually dry noodles...

This made Wang Ling's eyes suddenly light up.

This... is basically a fellow-minded person!

The cries of the Earth Spirit attracted the attention of Tengu and Ginger Martial Saint.

Jiang Martial Saint frowned and looked away: "Strange. Why did I hear a faint cry? It seemed like a girl from some family had been domestically abused."

Just a quick aside. It’s really good. It’s worth installing. Even Android and Apple phones support it!

Wang Ling Unexpectedly, the third-grade Tengu in front of me heard the word "domestic violence". He actually had a sense of justice: "I'm going to check it out! No matter what happened, domestic violence is wrong!"

"..."

Just like that. The entire topic surrounding Wang Ling was instantly deflected.

Later Wang Ling heard that this mysterious cry coming from Duobao City was included in one of the top ten unsolved mysteries in the world of cultivation... until a long time later.

No one could come up with a reasonable explanation. Seeing that the Duobao City divided dog had fallen into a new mystery. Wang Ling also took the first step and quickly evacuated. Waiting for the Duobao City divided dog to react. By the time, both of them had disappeared.

This is an excellent opportunity to escape. Wang Ling cannot fail to seize it. But even if he is far away from the trouble of dividing the dog in Duobao City, Jiang Martial Saint's gaze behind Wang Ling is still burning.

Wang Ling I remember that the last ten generals who wanted to accept him as their disciples were General Yi. Immortal Toya happened to be nearby at the time. He directly used Immortal Toya as a shield.

Unexpectedly, after nearly half a year, another one happened...

Wang Ling feels that the quality of cultivation among young people in the current world of cultivation is really problematic. There are so many cultivators in the world. How is it possible that we can’t find anyone who is fundamentally new?

As the saying goes, there is no harm without comparison. If it weren't for the fact that the spiritual quality of the young people around him was generally not up to standard, he wouldn't be so outstanding.

After leaving the underground intelligence trading market, Jiang Martial Saint still followed him reluctantly.

"This little brother, I won't force you to become my disciple. Tightened melons are not sweet. But I still hope you can consider it. After all, your bones are indeed very suitable for my {Holy Spirit Boxing} skill. Method. If you can practice this boxing to the highest level in the future and open up a holy temple in your body..."

Speaking of this, Jiang Martial Saint's eyes suddenly narrowed, showing a mysterious expression. Then he said softly: "You can defeat the enemy with one move. You can kill others with just one slap!"

"..."

Wang Ling heard this. He suppressed the twitching corners of his mouth.

Kill others with one slap...

These are all his old skills. Even if he doesn't learn this boxing, he can still do it.

He didn't speak directly.

Fortunately. At this time, the appearance of an acquaintance instantly made Wang Ling feel the light of hope.

That person is none other than Zhou Ziyi.

That is, his newly recognized disciple.

Because Zhuo Yi has officially connected with Sun Rong, Jiang Yingying. They are dealing with the problem of Yinhu and others. They cannot get away for the time being, so they sent Zhou Ziyi to help.

Of course, besides Zhou Ziyi, there is another person... Wang Muyu who came with Zhou Ziyi.

Although this little guy changed his appearance, his eyes were straightened when he saw him. He was afraid that Wang Muyu would not be able to help but change into his original appearance and rush towards him... If that was really the case, he was afraid. Even if you jump into the Yellow River, you won't be able to wash yourself away.

But in fact, this little guy didn't do that. On the contrary, this little guy was very clever. He walked towards the direction of Wang Ling. Then he turned around and pounced with his transformed body. Falling into the arms of Jiang Martial Saint: "Daddy..."

Jiang Martial Saint was immediately frightened and pissed when he heard the sound of "Daddy": "Young man, you can't talk nonsense! I'm not married yet... Where did the son come from..."

Wang Muyu threw himself into Jiang Martial Saint's arms. He persisted: "Dad, do you still remember Tan Erniang...Tan Yuhe at the Second Immortal Bridge on Chenghua Avenue!"

This cry immediately attracted the attention of many people around. Seeing more and more people gathered around, Jiang Martial Saint dared to continue to follow Wang Ling. He just let go and ran away. He only stayed in the same place. There was an afterimage.

Wang Ling suddenly discovered.

This little guy...

It seems to be quite fragrant.





Chapter 1762 Tengu Scavenger


Wang Muyu's appearance was a huge surprise to both Wang Ling and Sun Rong. But now Wang Ling has also discovered that this little guy is smarter than he thought.

If a friendly relationship can be established, the little guy may be able to follow the same path as Zhuo Yi and take responsibility for himself.

Not long after Jiang Martial Saint left, Zhuo Yi and Sun Rong followed closely from the other side.

Zhuo Yi knew this was not the place to talk. He took Wang Ling, Wang Muyu and Zhou Ziyi into a van marked with the emblem of the Office of Strategic Deception.

Almost as soon as the door was closed, Zhou Ziyi saw Wang Muyu's body change. He turned into the appearance of a six-year-old child again. Then he threw himself into Wang Ling's arms and rubbed his head against Wang Ling. The fabric in Wang Ling's arms.

I don't know if it's because this little guy has the same face as me. Wang Ling actually held back for a moment and didn't slap him away.

After all. You fight yourself.

It seems a bit excessive.

Seeing this scene, Zhuo Yi, Sun Rong felt envious in their hearts.

Hey. Once upon a time, he also wanted to rub into his master's arms like this... Unfortunately, he didn't have the courage. And he was very afraid that he would be kicked out of the master by Wang Ling if he did such a thing.

Looking at the scene in front of me, Zhuo Yi couldn't help but sigh. This is really a privilege... Everyone who sees it will envy it.

Even his wife wanted to take advantage of it, but a child got in first.

As the chief disciple of Zhuo Yi, it was only at this moment that Zhou Ziyi realized that this young man was the legendary little dragon Wang Muyu...

He did not dare to look directly at the warm scene of "family reunion" behind the car. He looked directly through the rearview mirror in the middle of the car and saw part of Wang Muyu's face.

Even though he could only see part of his face, Zhou Ziyi was stunned because Wang Muyu and his Wang Ling master were so similar!

No wonder he heard what his master Zhuo Yi said. The master had a headache about this matter. Now when he saw it, Zhou Ziyi suddenly realized it.

He is obviously not his own child. He is not even related by blood. But he has a face that is very similar to his own... Who can tell clearly?

You don’t necessarily need to tell others. Wang Muyu is a branch of the Dragon Clan, right?

The little guy hesitated for a while. Finally, he looked up at Wang Ling: "Dad...my performance this time. Wasn't it pretty good?"

He stared at Wang Ling's pair of dead fish eyes. Not only was he not afraid at all, but he also showed starry eyes. It was a gesture asking for praise.

Wang Ling looked at this scene and was silent for a long time. Because he was clumsy, he didn't know how to praise someone correctly. Although he really seemed to praise Wang Muyu, but at the same time he was afraid that he would really praise him. This little guy The guy will start drifting.

So, after careful consideration, I reached out my hand and gently touched the little guy's head.

Being mastered by Wang Ling made Wang Muyu elated. He seemed even happier than receiving praise.

He hugged Wang Ling's muscular waist tightly. Like a koala, he refused to come down.

Finally, Zhuo Yi came to the rescue. He took the initiative to coordinate with Wang Muyu: "Little Muyu, you have to stop in moderation..."

"I know." Wang Muyu said.

"No. I don't think you know anything about it..." Zhuo Yi Fu'e: "Actually, from the perspective of our human genetic inheritance, my master Wang Ling. is not your father."

"I know." Hearing this, Wang Muyu nodded and said again.

After saying this, everyone in the car was shocked.

"You know you are blind..." Sun Rong looked horrified.

"I'm not blindly admitting it. We dragons are all born in eggs. No matter what the genes are, we only recognize the first person we see." Wang Muyu curled his lips and teased: "That Jingze also has a mother. .Same as Lingyue’s mother."

"..."

As we all know, Lingyue was a captured space dragon who defected. He was originally under Bai Zhe's command system.

Since Wang Muyu said.

Lingyue and Jingze's mothers are the same. So the mothers of the two of them, no, or rather, the parents of these two people, are most likely Bai Zhe...Bai Zhe can do it on his own. Dad becomes mom again!

However, due to the special nature of the Lingyue Space Dragon, during the battle, Lingyue's body became a stand-in. The stand-in took the place of the body, and an oolong incident of defection occurred.

"So the first thing you saw was me. If you recognize me, it would be okay. What does it have to do with classmate Wang Ling?" Sun Rong couldn't laugh or cry.

"It's true that the first person I saw after breaking out of the shell was my mother. But when the shell just cracked, I saw that my mother's memory was full of my father's (face)..."

Before Wang Muyu could finish his words, he was grabbed by Sun Rong and choked into his stomach.

He didn't know why Sun Rong covered his mouth. What he said was obviously the truth.

But it was visible to the naked eye that his mother's temperature was rising rapidly and her face was very red.

Zhuo Yi chuckled. Then he looked at Wang Muyu, with some helplessness on his face: "That is to say, according to the rules of your dragon clan, no matter who laid the egg, the first thing I see is your parents?" Little Muyu. Don’t you think this model is a bit too hasty..."

"No way." Wang Muyu smiled and threw himself into Wang Ling's arms: "My dad is very powerful. How can I be careless?"

Everyone: "..."

However, Wang Muyu is not a person who does not consider other people's feelings at all.

Because of cultural differences, he felt that if he tried hard, it might be counterproductive. Therefore, he had already done some ideological work for himself before coming here to meet Wang Ling and Sun Rong.

"I know Mom and Dad are giving me a headache. But don't worry, Mom and Dad. I won't cause any trouble to you."

Wang Muyu looked at Wang Ling and said: "From now on, we will call you daddy and mommy. I will only call them when we are alone."

"What about normal?"

"Just call me brother or sister." Wang Muyu laughed.

Hearing this, Wang Ling and Sun Rong felt a little relieved.

But this time. Wang Ling also discovered a problem.

His problem has been solved...

The real troublemaker may turn out to be Father Wang.

If this little guy calls him brother...

Then Father Wang may really not be able to explain clearly to Mother Wang...

Don't say kneeling on the washboard then.

Mother Wang might ask him directly to borrow Heavenly Dao durian...

...

# Send888 Cash Red Envelope# Follow vx. Official account [Book Friends Base Camp]. Watch popular masterpieces. Draw 888 cash red envelopes!

At the same time, in another van, Jiang Yingying was rescued and successfully met with Jiang Martial Saint under the arrangement of the Office of Strategic Deception.

Immortal Toya was sent early in the morning to wait in the van. He knew that the person who rescued Jiang Yingying this time was Sun Rong. With Sun Rong here, Jiang Yingying must be unscathed.

The purpose of his trip was not actually to treat Jiang Yingying's injuries. It was to provide cover for Sun Rong. By the way, it could also make Jiang Martial Saint feel at ease.

After a symbolic check on the injury, Immortal Toya bowed to Jiang Martial Saint: "Don't worry, Martial Saint. I have checked Miss Yingying. She has not suffered any injuries. And... she is very healthy."

It can be seen that the old Martial Saint breathed a long sigh of relief. He looked at Jiang Yingying with a firm look in his eyes: "Don't worry. Yingying, grandpa will definitely fight to the death with these unlucky tengu. Sooner or later, he will catch them all!"

"Of course! Grandpa will definitely do it! But this time I was able to escape unharmed. I really have to thank the pretty sister." Jiang Yingying said with a smile.

"Pretty sister? Is that the young man from the Office of Strategic Deception who helped you rescue her?"

"I don't know if she's young or not. But the beautiful lady is really powerful! One against a hundred! She has superb swordsmanship! But she wears a nine-tailed fox mask. I didn't see her face clearly. She must be a very beautiful person. Right?" Jiang Yingying said.

"I dare to ask Immortal. Where can I find her?" Jiang Martial Saint asked as he looked at Immortal Toya.

"Replying to Lord Martial Saint, I have to verify this matter." Immortal Toya said.

"There's no need to check. Grandpa."

Jiang Yingying shook her head and said: "The beautiful lady left me her contact information. I will contact her later. She said she will be nervous when she sees you. So if you thank her, I can bring the gift over!"

"Hey, I wanted to express my gratitude in person." Hearing this, Jiang Martial Saint nodded with some regret and said, "But in this case, it's okay. Girls are more shy. If I went there in person, I might put more pressure on her. Da Yingying, you must always remember that this beautiful lady is your benefactor. Do you know?"

"I know it, grandpa!" Jiang Yingying replied confidently.

"Also grandpa, it's about the matter about Silver Fox this time. I heard Silver Fox himself confess that there are Tengu people all over the world. Even if he is put in prison, it may not be safe. He said it before when he was subdued by the beautiful sister. The people on the Tengu side will definitely kill him."

"Well. This information is very useful. We will be more careful here later."

Hearing this, Jiang Martial Saint nodded.

In fact, Huaxiu Alliance and the Office of Strategic Deception have already found out that there is actually a group of people among the Tengu who are not responsible for information transmission and sharing.

They are named "Tengu Scavengers". Among the many Tengu, they are the ones who specialize in cleaning up traces and cleaning up doors.

And next, Silver Fox will most likely be targeted by this group of people...





Chapter 1763 Sun Rong’s alienation plan


New Year 4397. Friday, January 2. This is the third day after Jiang Yingying was rescued.

Wang Ling has found that Sun Rong's time spent with him has plummeted recently. He leaves in a hurry as soon as school is over every day. In addition to reminding him through text messages in the past few days, he remembers to visit Wang Muyu. Nothing else was mentioned to him.

On weekdays, Wang Ling remembers that she would always try her best to find topics. Just to chat with him a few more words.

Some exercises. Even though I knew how to do them, I still pretended not to understand and came to ask him... And Wang Ling. was also an honest person. Even though he had seen through her behavior, he did not tell her face to face. Instead, he took the trouble to do it. Take a photo of your homework answers.

Sometimes they will record a video of solving the problem and send it.

Doing this. Wang Ling has no other meaning.

The so-called reviewing the past and learning the new. Writing more questions will help consolidate memory and score points in the exam. This is what Wang Ling usually does. And in a sense, it is also a behavior that urges him to study.

First time, second time familiarity. Wang Ling didn't feel disgusted at all. It was just to help solve problems. These are all easy tasks.

However, in these days, Wang Ling found that Sun Rong's thoughts began to change a little. She stopped asking him any more questions. It made Wang Ling feel as if her life had become much more leisurely in an instant.

He thought this should be considered a good thing.

Because he is a "lone wolf" type of person. He should feel very comfortable when no one is "harassing" him.

What's more, his life has been like this for the past seventeen years.

I don’t know why. Sun Rong After having less contact with him these days, he always felt a special feeling... as if a piece of the puzzle was suddenly missing. It made him feel inexplicably uncomfortable. I know that it is a feeling of "emptiness" that cannot be called "empty."

But when he calmed down and thought about it carefully, he felt that this seemed a bit too exaggerated.

Probably not...

He has always been an emotionless person.

How could such a feeling of "emptiness" arise?

He picked up his phone and stared at the information window of the chat box Sun Rong for a long time.

Fingers hovering on the Jiugong grid keyboard.

I don’t know how much time passed before I typed three words: What are you doing?

Then. Delete all three words.

Still couldn't send it out.

At that moment. Wang Ling suddenly felt that this was not like him at all.

She didn't come to harass him. He should feel comfortable.

"bite!"

At this time, a new message was suddenly sent, causing Wang Ling's phone to vibrate.

The person who gave him the news was none other than Wang Muyu.

I don’t know if this little guy really has a connection with him. The message he sent to him actually had the same three words.

Wang Ling stared at the "What are you doing?" on the screen for a while. Finally, he sent a string of ellipsis.

For his father who never spoke human words. After getting a new mobile phone and learning how to use it, he frantically sent text messages to Wang Ling to greet him for a while. Wang Muyu also gradually became familiar with Wang Ling. Let's talk.

Under normal circumstances, his "daddy" Wang Ling is the listening party and will not actively send text messages.

In other words, under normal circumstances, the responses received are all ellipses.

And the ellipsis means that his "dad" probably agrees with it.

Text messages will only be sent if explicitly refused.

"Come to see me tomorrow, daddy. Don't forget it!" Wang Muyu has just learned to use a mobile phone, but his typing speed is very fast.

"..." Wang Ling.

...

The text message reminder ended. Wang Muyu, who had become a spy, quickly called Sun Rong. On the other side of the phone, Sun Rong's voice sounded embarrassed: "That... Muyu . How was your inquiring?"

"Hey, Mom, it's still the same. I wonder if there is only one key for ellipsis on dad's cell phone." Wang Muyu complained. The slightly childish voice made Sun Rong couldn't help laughing.

In fact, Sun Rong has been having a hard time holding back these past few days. She deliberately implemented an "alienation plan" and left with her bag as soon as school was over.

Then I went to a deserted place and put on a new set of clothes and put on the nine-tailed fox mask. As a pretty girl, I made an appointment with Jiang Yingying to meet at a cultivation training center the size of a football field.

This cultivation training center is a property of the Office of Strategic Deception. It was jointly invested and established by the Huaguo Shui Lian Group. There were no outsiders inside during the trial operation.

Sun Rong established a good relationship in advance. Obtained the key to the Cultivation Training Center and accompanied Jiang Yingying to train here.

The relationship between her and Jiang Yingying has further improved in the past few days. In fact, the so-called "estrangement plan" was also proposed by Jiang Yingying.

She didn't know whether it would work or not. But she still tried to treat a dead horse as a living horse. She planned to use it later... but now it seems that the effect is not obvious. It made Sun Rong feel a little regretful for a time.

"Eh? The pretty sister's boyfriend hasn't responded yet?" Jiang Yingying couldn't help but ask while wiping his sweat and taking a break.

"Not yet. And he's not my boyfriend yet..." Sun Rong replied with some disappointment. She also didn't expect that she would believe Jiang Yingying's lies and let Jiang Yingying be fooled. Your own love counselor.

And the most important thing is that Jiang Yingying himself actually has little experience in love.

These so-called plans and routines of hers are all based on romance novels, romance comics, and various romance TV series.

What about {Ton Pulling Lovers}, {Romance Full of Dirty}, {Meteor Garden}, {Mischievous Legs}, etc...

Because there has been no progress between myself and Wang Ling. Sun Rong admits that she is indeed a little anxious.

Originally, she went to Wang Ling every day to ask questions. It was also to get closer. Although Wang Ling ignored her at first, they recently responded to her with some problem-solving videos.

Advertising. It’s really good. It’s worth installing. Even Android and Apple phones support it!

Although Wang Ling did not say a word or type a word during the entire process. Even in the video sent, he did not show his face. He only filmed the process of solving the problem with his bare hands.

But she just looked at Wang Ling's hands and the beautiful calligraphy. It was also pleasing to the eye!

But now. She has implemented the "alienation plan"... and now nothing has been lost.

"Pretty sister is so good. Sooner or later she will have to be."

Jiang Yingying laughed: "The more times like this, the more you have to be patient. When the hero in the TV series encounters the heroine who suddenly ignores him, it will take a while to react. So, pretty sister, just do it Just wait for the wood to stick up by itself."

"How long does it usually take?" Sun Rong asked, frowning.

"Slower. About...a few weeks?"

Hearing this. Sun Rong couldn't help but twitch the corner of his mouth.

A few weeks...

According to the understanding ability of this piece of wood, she felt that a few weeks would not be enough.

Maybe it will take several years. Or more than ten years...

And whether she can persist in liking Wang Ling for so long is also a question worth thinking about.





Chapter 1764 So ordinary yet so confident


On Saturday, January 3rd, the morning news reported something about the underground black intelligence industry chain. The news did not mention the Tengu. It was purely made for these people to see.

It's a warning.

However, given the urinary temperament of the Tengu gang, Wang Ling feels that these guys will not shed tears until they see the coffin. It is difficult for them to be frightened by a piece of news.

On the contrary, Zhuo Yi. has made great contributions in the command operations in the past few days. He has long asked Lord Diu Lei to issue a secret order from the sect master to let the Office of Strategic Deception unify its rhetoric. Once again, all the credit will be given It was pushed to Zhuo Yi.

For example, in this operation, one was wearing a raccoon mask and the other was wearing a nine-tailed fox mask... These two young people from the Office of Strategic Deception were regarded by Jiang Martial Saint as having great potential. They were both in Zhuo Yi The mission was successfully completed under excellent command.

Using Zhuo Yi. Wang Ling, he picked himself clean again.

It's just that on Martial Saint's side. When Wang Muyu suddenly thought of forcing him away, it was only a temporary solution. Wang LingI heard that Jiang Martial Saint was still trying to find out more information about him. We need to find another way to do this after all. Blocked.

Wang Ling feels that these old men among the ten generals are not easy to deal with...

In addition, Wang Ling also feels that the matter of Tengu cannot be delayed any longer.

The other party went to Sun Rong before, but ended up mistakenly arresting Jiang Yingying. The reason behind this was already guessed by Wang Ling when they learned that Jiang Yingying was mistakenly arrested.

Tengu probably has information about Wang Muyu in hand. That's why he needs to capture Sun Rong to prove it. In other words, those people have information related to Wang Muyu.

If Wang Muyu's intelligence information is made public, then it will be troublesome.

Therefore, this underground intelligence organization. Wang Ling feels that it cannot stay any longer.

It must be uprooted in the shortest possible time.

This time, it was rare. He took the initiative to send a text message to Lord Diu Lei.

The text message contains only three words:

Tengu. Destroy...

Lord Diu Lei was well aware of the importance of this matter. He immediately replied: "Brother, please rest assured. I have made comprehensive arrangements. I believe there will be results soon! Please rest assured, brother, and take care of the baby. Waiting for good news."

Saw the reply. Wang Ling almost spit out a mouthful of blood.

Don't worry about taking care of your baby. It's okay to wait for good news...

Then again, he really wanted to meet Wang Muyu today.

Originally Wang Ling was actually very repulsive about getting along with this little kid. Mainly because he felt that it was impossible to have anything in common with such a child.

But when he knew that Wang Muyu had also become obsessed with the taste of crispy noodles, he suddenly became convinced.

Wang Ling even feels that Wang Muyu is indeed a talent that can be created in a sense.

With a little training, it might still have a bright future.

...

Destroy the Tengu.

When Lord Diu Lei received the instructions from Wang Ling, he was in awe.

In my impression, Wang Ling rarely took the initiative to arrange any big tasks for him. Even if he did send text messages or make phone calls, they were all trivial and innocuous things.

As for the Tengu, the coalition formed by the Huaxiu Alliance and branches from various countries has been watching for a long time like jackals and tigers. It is just because the Tengu personnel are numerous and scattered that they have never been able to form an effective attack.

It is easy to catch one or both Tengu. But it is difficult to catch them all.

"I know. This is difficult. But even if it is difficult, we must do it."

In the main hall of True Venerated Immortal, Lord Diu Lei began to prepare plans to wipe out the Tengu. All core members of the Office of Strategic Deception attended the meeting in person or through remote projection.

The Intelligence Team of the Office of Strategic Deception is currently run normally by the Lord and Lady of Immortal Castle under the supervision of many senior elders. Before Immortal Castle was incorporated by the Office of Strategic Deception, Immortal was involved in intelligence warfare. The Roaring Sky Alliance that Bao once formed with Tengu is also a close opponent.

This book is compiled and produced by a public account. Follow vx [Book Friends Base Camp]. Read the book and receive cash red envelopes!

Therefore, regarding the Tengu, the castle master and the castle lady have certain information.

At the meeting, the castle master stepped forward, bowed to the elders from all directions, and said, "Elders, I have dealt with the Tengu before. In fact, in this operation in which Miss Jiang Yingying was mistakenly arrested, I also acted on the orders of the True Lord. Secretly sent people to search for information. I wonder if the elders have heard of a person named Skunk in Duobao City? "I know. Isn't this a very famous intelligence dealer?" Leidian Fawang said: "This person has more than just one name. The underground intelligence trading market in Duobao City. Even in other intelligence trading markets, it is slightly famous."

"This person is actually an old member of my original team at Immortal Castle."

At this time, the castle owner bowed and said: "However, the skunk actually encountered an accident when we were incorporated into the Immortal Castle. Now that I think about it carefully, it should be the work of the Tengu group."

"The skunk is dead? Who is the one wearing the skunk mask who appeared in Duobao City?" At this time, many elders in the field showed surprised eyes.

"Well..."

The castle owner gave up and smiled slightly: "Please ask the senior who plays the skunk to come forward and explain yourself."

Just the next second.

Qin Zhong, who had been listening with his arms folded, suddenly took a step forward.

"Mr. Qin, it's you?" Cailian Zhenren raised her eyebrows. Hua Rong was also extremely surprised.

And when Qin Zhong stepped forward, everyone in the venue understood it instantly.

As we all know, Qin Zhong and Xiang Yi are the two new guests of the Office of Strategic Deception. However, they suddenly disappeared recently. It seems that they have accepted the new task and are secretly planning this matter.

"So. Zhenjun has already started planning?" Immortal Toya asked.

"It can't be said that it was planned for this matter." Lord Diu Lei smiled bitterly and shook his head: "Originally, I asked Brother Qin to disguise himself as a skunk. It was to perform other tasks. But I didn't expect that it was unintentional. Instead, it led to something like this. A big deal."

"So. Mr. Qin plays the role of a skunk. But where is Mr. Xiang?"

"He's a skunk too."

Lord Diu Lei smiled and said: "I asked Brother Qin and Brother Xiang to wear skunk masks. They haunt the major intelligence trading dark markets across the country. The purpose is to test the movements of the Tengu. If the Tengu knows about the skunk, The skunk is not dead. New Tengu scavengers will definitely be sent to attack the people wearing skunk masks."

"nice."

The castle master nodded and continued: "It turned out that before the real skunk died, he was very powerful. Therefore, the Tengu scavenger who killed him back then was a fourth-grade one. And the Tengu side now knows that the skunk is not dead. Then send someone to hunt down the skunk. The scavenger must be at least level five."

"This time, thanks to Mr. Qin and Mr. Xiang, we were able to lure the snake out of the cave in a short period of time and capture two fifth-grade or above Tengu alive. Although they are not specialized in intelligence work, they are just scavengers in the Tengu queue. But they don't know Few things. "

"And through the current analysis of their memories, there are two latest pieces of information that can be learned."

"Glio City in Mixiu Country."

"Glio City?"

Zhuo Yi frowned: "I remember. This is one of the most prosperous cities in Mixiu Country."

Lord Diu Lei nodded and said: "There are many fragmented memories about Glio City in the two people's memories. Although it has not been completely analyzed, it is not difficult to judge. Glio City should be related to the Tengu lair." "

"So. Where's the second key piece of information?" Zhuo Yi asked.

"The second one..."

Lord Diu Lei paused. Then he replied: "As for this second piece of information, it is...Number 60 High School."

"Six...Number 60 High School?"Zhuo Yi and everyone present were all stunned.

"Although Miss Jiang was arrested by mistake, the Tengu seemed to be very dissatisfied with our Office of Strategic Deception secretly sending people to rescue Miss Jiang. And now, Miss Jiang Yingying is studying at Number 60 High School. So Number 60 High School. It may be the next target of the Tengu Scavengers." Lord Diu Lei said.

"..."

Hearing this, everyone couldn't help but twitch their lips.

The current Number 60 High School is completely different from the Number 60 High School during the previous Shadow Stream attack.

Even if Wang Ling is not here.

Fang Xing, Zhenyuan immortal, Wang Zhen, Liu Qingyi, Gu Shunzhi... just these hidden masters who hold the position of elders in the Office of Strategic Deception. They are all students inside now.

In addition, Sun Rong who now has nine-core Aohai and the dead Heavenly Dao who was the security captain at the door...

Lord Diu Lei thought about it all night and still couldn't figure out why these tengu scavengers dared to do this.

Some villains.

Obviously so ordinary, but so confident...





Chapter 1765 If you can beat me, then fight. If you can't beat me...


At noon that day, Father Wang and Mother Wang saw that Wang Ling, for the first time, did not choose to stay at home and study while eating crispy noodles. Instead, he changed into a neat set of sportswear and got ready to go out.

If they usually go out to do something, the couple would never feel strange. But today, I don’t know why. Father Wang and Mother Wang felt the same way at the same time.

That is. Wang Ling... something is wrong...

"Tell me, will Ling Ling have a girlfriend?" On the sofa, I saw Wang Ling putting on shoes at the entrance. Mother Wang couldn't help but push Wang Nuan with her elbow while holding her in her arms. Father Wang.

Father Wang quietly put down the newspaper with two holes dug in it. He was also confused in his heart: "No way... our son. Finally the iron tree has bloomed?"

He feels that at Wang Ling's age, it is normal to like someone or be liked by others. Young people are just starting to fall in love. When they are not so mature, relationships are just a matter of time. Not to mention the Huaguo Shui Lian Group's That Miss Sun was so bombarded by sugar-coated bullets. Father Wang felt that if it were him, he probably wouldn't be able to withstand it.

The couple stared at Wang Ling's back as he changed shoes for a long time. With a thought in their minds, their hearts for gossip couldn't help but burn brightly.

It wasn't until Wang Ling chose to close the door that Father Wang decided to get up. He held Ah Nuan and carefully stuffed Ah Nuan into Father Wang's generous and warm arms: "This way, you can watch Ah Nuan at home. I Take a look."

"..."

Father Wang was speechless for a while. Sometimes women's gossips are aroused, which is such a terrible thing.

It should be said that those unscrupulous gossip reporters in the entertainment industry have been scolded every day and still collect celebrity gossip regardless of rain or shine. In the final analysis, it is because of market demand.

Since there is market demand, it means there is money to be made.

Father Wang thinks this is a bad trend and should be resisted.

In the end, Mother Wang just rolled her eyes at him. He immediately withered: "What do you know? Aren't we also caring about Ling Ling? So that he doesn't go astray. Young people's love is all temporary. No. Reliable. Speaking of which...what if the person he likes is not the Sun Rong girl."

"..." Father Wang was silent.

Sure enough, the second half of the sentence is the key!

God? What should I do if the person I like is not the girl Sun Rong... It turns out that you have already been appointed, right?

Women... are so easy to buy. Don't they just send you some high-end beauty products every month? Is it necessary...

That little girl and Wang Ling are only of average age. How do they know what real feelings are?

Father Wang thought so in his heart. And Mother Wang seemed to always be able to see through Father Wang's little thoughts. Hehehe smiled: "Do you know the person who ranks first in the rewards of your readers?"

"That one you're talking about, Furong Heroine?" Father Wang immediately reported the reader's ID.

This is the champion reader who has been on the tipping list for three consecutive months. The amount of tips in just one day exceeded the total amount of tips given to him by Zhuo Yi with the ID of "Super University Level Vice President" that year.

Father Wang has actually always wanted to find an opportunity to get to know this wealthy reader. However, Furong Heroine is too mysterious. Apart from giving rewards and looking for various opportunities for him to dominate the rankings, he has not joined any reader groups or commented in the comment area. Sent one more sentence.

"Do you know this Lotus Lady?" Father Wang raised his eyebrows and said while looking at Mother Wang who was changing clothes.

"They say that one pregnancy lasts three years. Why do I feel that it's not me who is stupid, but you who are stupid... Isn't this Rongrong." Mother Wang said with a smile.

When Father Wang heard this, he instantly changed his previous expression. He looked at Mother Wang with firm eyes: "Okay, dear, I support all your actions!"

Mother Wang chuckled.

Men... are so easy to bribe.

"Speaking of which, Ling Ling has already left. How are you going to catch up?"

"Just ask Lord Ma to send me there. By the way, let Lord Ma cover for me. I believe there won't be any problem."

...

Wang Ling actually felt that he was being watched not long after he went out.

And the person who is eyeing me is still my mother...

Of course, he also understands that Lord Ma is also uncomfortable being caught in the middle. On one side is the Immortal King, and on the other side is the Immortal King's mother...it is hard to offend both sides. Lord Ma naturally has to obey Mother Wang's instructions.

He was helpless. There was no other way now. Since Mother Wang was following him, he had no choice but to let Muyu change his appearance. This would save Mother Wang from having to explain clearly when he saw Muyu had exactly the same face as himself.

Ribak Cafe in Yida Plaza in the city center. Wang Ling and Wang Muyu will meet here today.

The little guy was quite obedient. After seeing his text message, he took the initiative to change his appearance. He became plump.

It's just that it's different from the last time he went to Duobao City. He didn't lengthen his height. He didn't have the greasy look of a fat man. Instead, he turned into a cute little fat man.

The facial features are still somewhat similar to his, but because he has gained weight, you can't really tell if you don't look closely.

"Dad...brother!" When they met, the little guy almost spilled the beans in excitement. The shout made Wang Ling nervous for a while. Fortunately, he stopped it in the end.

You are not allowed to call Wang Ling "daddy" in front of outsiders. This was agreed before. Wang Muyu did not disobey intentionally. He was just too happy after seeing Wang Ling for a while.

Because this is the first time Wang Ling has asked him to go out. Let Wang Ling experience the cultivation life in modern society. Not counting the time he sneaked out to Duobao City before, his whole world seems to be It's the Huaguo Shui Lian Group's large, unchanged science and technology park. It has everything in it, but I don't know why it feels like it's missing a bit of fireworks when walking around.

The employees in the park all greeted him with smiles when they saw him. They were all polite. No matter how naughty and mischievous he was, he always had that professional smile. Wang Muyu often felt as if he was being locked up. In a set world.

And now when I go out with Wang Ling, this feeling is instantly dispelled.

And now he and Wang Ling have a common hobby. That is, he is also one of the fanatics...

At first, Wang Muyu had to admit that he actually didn’t like eating snacks from the human world.

This book is compiled and produced by a public account. Follow vx [Book Friends Base Camp]. Read the book and receive cash red envelopes!

If it weren't for hearing that Wang Ling likes to eat crispy noodles, he probably wouldn't have touched that kind of food that is full of the smell of pepper noodles.

It was precisely because he wanted to understand Wang Ling that he made up his mind to give it a try.

As a result of this attempt, I found that it was still very good...

And he discovered that the snacks in the human world seemed to make him happy.

Not just crispy noodles. He can also accept potato chips, spicy sticks, etc.

This is a thigh.

Dragon clan revival or something.

Wang Muyu actually thought clearly from the beginning.

It would probably be difficult for him to do it alone.

It's better to hug the legs in front of you tightly...

He is actually very open-minded.

More enlightened than all the dragon clan members.

Fight if you can.

Can't beat it. Then join...





Chapter 1766 The legendary Aqian!


Of course. Wang Muyu decided to do that. It’s not like he thought that way just after he broke out of his shell. Although he admitted to himself that Wang Ling was a father, when he first broke out of his shell, he had no idea about the power of his "daddy". Is ignorant of anything.

Until he saw the scene of Wang Ling hanging hammer Jingze. He immediately made up his mind to hug Wang Ling tightly.

In the past, for the Dragon Clan, glory and self-esteem were inseparable existences. As an excellent Dragon Clan warrior, it was impossible to surrender to others.

But Wang Muyu's thoughts are naturally different. I don't know if it is because he has gathered too many dragon genes, which has caused his brain circuit to be a bit strange from the beginning.

There is no such thing as glory and self-esteem.

Glory is precious. Self-esteem is even more valuable.

Just hold your legs tight. Both can be thrown.

This is a little poem that Wang Muyu composed while learning the cultural knowledge of the human world when he was getting along with Boss Sun these past few days. As a dragon, he knew that he probably shouldn't get so close to human cultivators.

But now he is not completely a dragon. Instead, he is a little dragon with dragon genes. He also has some human attributes.

Wang Muyu found that he really loved life in the world of human cultivation. Especially when he was with Wang Ling or Sun Rong. He would not feel lonely at all.

The video game city in the square. Wang Ling and Wang Muyu had planned to go here from the beginning.

"Brother, let's go play this! This is fun! Lots of points! We can eat crispy noodles instead!"

"Brother, that boxing device looks very good. Is the knot strong? If I try to hit it, will it break if I use half the strength?"

Wang Muyu excitedly grabbed Wang Ling's hand and walked, talked and jumped around. He looked exactly like a child.

There are many projects in the video game city. Previously, in order to earn points, Wang Ling's special skill is the gold bulldozer.

Of course. In order to deceive players of their game coins, the video game town actually has a lot of luck-based video games such as gold bulldozers.

But this time, I don't know if he was infected by Wang Muyu's excitement. Wang Ling took Wang Muyu to a brand new game console.

The name of this game console is "Dongfeng Express". The general rule is that each round you can use one game currency to exchange for a chance to launch a cannonball. The cannonballs fall from the sky. The turntable part at the bottom of the game console is set There are many potholes and obstacles marked with points.

When the turntable rotates, it proves that the game has started.

Wang Ling Press the button to launch the cannonball. In the end, how many points you win will be determined according to the location of the hole where the ball falls.

The jackpot is 1,000 points. If you can hit holes with more than 600 points in a row, there will be an additional bonus reward. The jackpot can be multiplied up to 100 times. But this difficulty factor is extremely high. Since the game hall opened, it has been No one has ever succeeded.

But the size of the hole is equivalent to the diameter of the ball. You have to aim at the hole very accurately to shoot directly into the soul. If there is a slight deviation, the elastic ball will pop out directly.

Wang Ling bought Wang Muyu an ice cream and let him watch his performance while eating the ice cream. Wang Muyu was not optimistic about this kind of game involving luck.

Before the official operation, Wang Ling took out the raccoon mask and put it on his face. He knew that the next performance would be too eye-catching, so the necessary disguise was also required.

The mask has been enlightened by him. It is impossible for anyone to see his true appearance through the mask through pupil power.

[Reading Benefits] Send you a cash red envelope! Follow vx public [Book Friends Base Camp] to receive it!

"Dad, come on!" Wang Muyu looked like he was watching a show. He sat obediently next to Wang Ling, eating ice cream and cheering through the voice.

Who would have known that Wang Ling is not only invincible in hitting people, but also invincible in playing video games. His bombardment is extremely accurate. Each shot is worth a thousand points. It took less than ten minutes to earn ten million points. Directly emptied the game points lottery tickets used to accumulate points in the machine.

Halfway through, the staff came to open the box and renew the tickets twice. In the end, I simply wiped my sweat and stood next to Wang Ling to watch his performance.

Almost another fifteen minutes passed. The guy from the arcade wiped his sweat. He looked at Wang Ling and said, "Brother... how about I clear your points and give you the ticket?" Forget it. Otherwise, you will be tired and so will I."

Wang Ling: "..."

In less than half an hour, Wang Ling had already obtained almost 100 million points with the game coins in his hand. The game lottery tickets at his feet were piled up into hills. It attracted the attention of many people at the scene.

Even Wang Muyu was dumbfounded. His eyes were straight. All his attention was on Wang Ling. He admired Wang Ling more and more. He didn't even notice that the ice cream on his hand melted. The sound fell to the ground.

"This man is so powerful..."

"Go and check. What's the origin?"

"My prize!"

Finally, the huge noise here at Wang Ling disturbed the manager of the arcade. When the manager came over, his heart was bleeding...

So many points. It can almost clear out all the points and prizes in his arcade!

The most important thing is that the manager also learned that Wang Ling actually did not exchange money for game currency at all. It was a game hall membership card directly.

Speaking of which, Wang Ling got the membership card of this game arcade when he visited Sun Rong.

When redeeming points. When the membership card of Wang Ling is inserted into the pointer, the member ID is also displayed immediately.

The huge word "Aqian" was like a golden legend that suddenly appeared. It blinded everyone's eyes.

"Aqian?"

"Oh my god. He is Aqian! The number one maniac who ripped out the arcades!"

"Oh my god...it turns out this person is Aqian. He's too strong!"

This name was left by Wang Ling when he visited Sun Rong more than a month ago. In fact, even Wang Ling himself did not expect that the ID he left behind would not only become a legend. It has such a big influence.

What was unexpected by Wang Ling was that the arcade manager, who seemed to feel his heart bleed before seeing the ID, showed an expression of surprise after seeing the ID.

"Sir, what prize do you want to exchange for?"

He greeted him with a smile on his face. The employees around him were also confused.

"What's wrong with him, manager? It feels like his attitude has suddenly changed..."

"What do you know...this Aqian is not only a legend, but also seems to be related to the big boss behind us. He is a Crown Diamond member. He can redeem not only things in the store, but also things that are not available in the store. "

"Ah? Crown Diamond membership? There is also this thing. Why haven't I heard of it..."

"..."

In fact. Even Wang Ling himself doesn’t know that he actually has this identity.

But since this card was given by Sun Rong, most likely it was also arranged by Sun Rong...

Under the raccoon mask, Wang Ling shed a drop of sweat. Then he opened the redemption page of the points redemption machine. As expected, there were many things on the redemption page that were not found in the arcade...

"I'll go! This is the first time I know that you can change your house by playing video games!"

When the onlookers discovered the penthouse garden house in the city center worth 100 million points on the points redemption page, everyone exclaimed.

And there is a special note below this prize.

It says: A garden house in the city center worth 100 million points. If you bring a marriage partner named Sun who was born in 4380 to move in with you, you can enjoy more benefits...

"..."

Wang Ling found out. He was clearly arranged by Boss Sun.





Chapter 1767 World 0 Food Tickets


Under the high-priced real estate industry chain spurred by the capitalist economy of modern cultivating society, almost all cultivators have become house slaves tied to huge mortgage loans.

Although there is space expansion technology that can make the usable area of a house wider, this technology is not affordable for everyone.

The wool comes from the sheep. In the end, the people who benefit the most will always be the top group of cultivators.

Therefore, when the option of redeeming video game points for real estate came out, Wang Ling could instantly feel the envy and jealousy in the eyes of the people around him.

I have no interest in real estate. Wang Ling. No matter how big the house is, if the spiritual culture is not rich, it will only bring endless emptiness that cannot be filled.

So when faced with this option, he chose to skip it directly. And finally set his sights on a special snack voucher worth 10 million points.

He has 100 million points. Just enough to redeem ten of them.

"World Snack Coupon." After seeing Wang Ling choose to redeem this option, the people around felt their hearts were bleeding. They didn't want a good house. They actually went to exchange for snacks... This Aqian master. Is he a loser? naughty kid?

But then again, under normal circumstances, the thinking of great gods is inherently strange. It is not something that normal people can consider.

After seeing the options of Wang Ling, the people around them all showed disappointed expressions and then dispersed.

Only Wang Muyu looked at Wang Ling with admiring eyes.

"Boss, how do we use this coupon?"

When Wang Ling took out the World Snack Coupon, Wang Muyu smiled at the arcade. He was innocent and cute.

The manager bent down and explained patiently: "It's like this. Ganshen. And Ganshen's younger brother... It's more troublesome to use snack coupons in this world. I wonder if you have seen the national flag on the snack coupons. Every national flag. They all correspond to a country. The World Snack Coupon is equivalent to a VIP card for snacks."

"Just go to that country with a snack coupon corresponding to the national flag. You can use this coupon to redeem snacks worth 100,000 yuan in any large supermarket. There is no limit to the number of redemptions. The quota is used up."

"It's just that it's very troublesome to use...you have to go there and redeem it yourself. Although you have the World Snack Coupon and the matching round-trip air ticket service, it's troublesome to go abroad now. You have to go through various procedures to prove it." "

When the manager said this, he looked at Wang Ling mysteriously and said, "So I suggest. Qianshen, should you consider pretending that nothing happened... I'll return the points to you. Can you choose again?"

"..."

Obviously. This manager is also from Boss Sun's side...

Wang Ling stared at the Yushiji snack coupon in his hand. Finally he shook his head.

As for round-trip air tickets and so on.

He doesn't need it.

Because he can teleport.

"Brother. Do we really want to go?"

After taking away the World Snack Coupon, Wang Muyu's expression became even more excited, because not only did he come out this time, but he was also able to travel abroad with Wang Ling!

This is simply a travel adventure!

Looking at Wang Muyu's excited expression, Wang Ling nodded helplessly. Anyway, he just went to redeem snacks. He will be back soon.

Soon he drew his first World Snack Coupon and chose his first stop - Mixiu Country Glio City.

Arriving at the bathroom stall, after confirming that no one was around, Wang Ling put his hand on Wang Muyu's shoulder.

"Dad, it's okay. It's teleportation. I can keep up." Wang Muyu said via voice transmission with an innocent smile.

Don't tell me. Wang Ling almost forgot that Wang Muyu is a capable little dragon man.

He originally thought that taking Wang Muyu out to play would be very difficult.

It turned out that the little guy was more obedient than he thought. He was so sensible that no one could find any excuse to dislike him.

So in the end. Wang Ling released his hand on Wang Muyu's shoulder.

He knows.

The little guy wants to express himself in front of him.

You have to give the little guy a chance to express himself...

Meanwhile on the other side.

Mother Wang, who was hiding in the single room next door, still had an unstoppable desire to gossip. She knew that Wang Ling's next move would definitely be to go abroad to exchange snacks. For a moment, she was a little hesitant about whether she should follow him or not.

"Excuse me. Does Your Highness Ghost Ax Spirit Mother still want to follow?" Lord Ma asked in a low voice.

"Go home..." Mother Wang frowned.

Because she had already taken photos of Wang Muyu.

But it's not Wang Muyu's original appearance. It's the appearance after deliberately gaining weight.

Mother Wang always felt that she looked vaguely familiar. But she couldn't tell what was wrong...

...

Mixiu Country Glio Municipality.

When Wang Muyu teleported over, there was a bustling street with blond hair and blue eyes everywhere.

He found that Wang Ling was not beside him. But his breath was very close. It was not far away.

This made Wang Muyu feel a little disappointed. He thought he could keep up with Wang Ling more accurately so that Wang Ling could praise himself. Unexpectedly, he overturned at this critical moment.

In fact, regarding the teleportation of coordinates, there will indeed be some deviations when using the space movement ability for the first few times. This is also normal.

Take Wang Ling as an example. He has been deflected several times since he was a child. There is nothing surprising about this.

The little guy has been following Mr. Boss Sun these past few days. He is picked up and dropped off by his own car everywhere and rarely uses his spatial teleportation ability. It is normal for him not to be familiar with it.

When Wang Ling landed, he found that Wang Muyu was not around. He immediately thought of it.

Fortunately, the distance is actually not too far. As long as you follow the breath, you will meet each other soon.

In a dark alley, Wang Ling put his trouser pockets in and accurately tracked Wang Muyu's breath. He was about to follow him. But he suddenly found that Wang Muyu started to move towards the opposite position from him.

Wang Ling frowned for a moment.

He found that someone seemed to be chasing Wang Muyu.

...

As soon as he landed on the ground, Wang Muyu felt that someone was staring at him. That kind of ill-intentioned malice made Wang Muyu's sensitive nerve perception ability infinitely amplified at this moment.

In order to avoid being discovered by suddenly teleporting into the crowd, Wang Muyu also deliberately used his invisibility ability as a protection. He waited until he reached a hidden location before unlocking the invisibility spell.

But he didn't expect that as soon as he was about to meet Wang Ling, an inexplicable person would stare at him.

Wang Muyu gritted his teeth. This was the first time he had faced such a challenge alone.

He just failed to teleport. He needs another chance to show himself in front of Wang Ling. Then he gets praise from Wang Ling.

So, the little guy's blood boiled at this moment. I don't know whether it was nervousness or anticipation.

The streets in foreign countries are completely different from those in China. Roads and bungalows paved with white tiles outline criss-crossing alleys.

Wang Muyu dove in from the side of the street without hesitation. And the villain who was following him quickly caught up with him.

This man's fighting ability is mediocre. Of course Wang Muyu is not afraid. But doing it openly on the street will cause a commotion. So Wang Muyu's move is to find a secluded place to lure people in and then kill them...





Chapter 1768 External evil force


In the alleyway tightly clustered by rows of garden houses, two figures flew past one after the other. Wang Muyu randomly picked up two pebbles on the ground. He retreated while symbolically counterattacking.

He didn't use too much force. He just casually shot out the stones in his hand.

The flying speed of the pebbles is astonishing. This ejection is more powerful than the bullet. A pebble can even seriously injure a Soul Formation cultivator.

However, the visitor's reaction was also very quick. He turned sideways and accurately avoided the shot of his stone. In the end, the stone hit a tile wall, making two loud booming noises.

The wall was instantly smashed into two huge craters and collapsed on the spot. The entire bungalow was also in a shaky state.

Wang Muyu gritted his teeth. He didn't expect that his casual attack would cause such a commotion. He is a dragon, not a husky. Things like tearing down the house should not happen to him. This will cause trouble for Wang Ling.

So thinking of this, Wang Muyu had to go back and use the power gene of the Restoration Dragon to repair the damaged wall. Then he used the teleportation ability of the Space Dragon to escape.

Then Wang Muyu was about to continue his plan to lure the king into an urn. Unexpectedly, the man suddenly stopped and stopped chasing him.

When he turned around, what Wang Muyu saw was the face with a sly smile. This man wearing a black Fedora hat and a black windbreaker actually stopped in front of a building. Then he started to punch his fist. He gathered his strength and hammered hard against the wall.

"asshole..."

Wang Muyu had no choice but to turn around quickly and repair the damaged building. However, the man remained unyielding and continued to start the next round of destruction.

Wang Muyu knew very well that this man was deliberately holding him back. He gritted his teeth and decided not to continue to lure the man over. This man was a madman. He had to fight quickly. Otherwise, the commotion here would only get louder and louder.

As the sirens gradually sounded in the distance, Wang Muyu knew that someone might have been affected and called the police. He had to solve the incident at hand as soon as possible.

However, the alley in front of him is really eye-catching. If he does something here, he will definitely be witnessed by many people. Even if he uses space magic to separate the man and himself, he and this man will be separated. The scene disappearing out of thin air will also be recorded by a nearby covered monitor.

Wang Muyu didn't want to become famous in foreign countries. So after weighing the situation, he chose a long-range killing method.

In the next second, his pupils released a strange ripple. Little by little ripples were gradually released.

The man looked at Wang Muyu calmly. The next second he saw the two street lamps beside him. They seemed to be endowed with spirituality and twisted like water snakes. They suddenly entangled his body tightly.

This is the dragon power of the magnetic gold dragon. It allows Wang Muyu to control all metal objects. It also gives these objects a certain degree of power to turn them into steel beasts and drive them for him.

This man obviously didn't expect that the two street lights around him could become a killer at this moment. He suddenly wrapped his body tightly, causing his muscles to be squeezed together in an instant, and he almost deformed instantly.

He could feel that several muscles and blood vessels in his body had been crushed. Blood was clogged inside. He gradually lost consciousness...

However, Wang Muyu discovered that not only was there no trace of panic or fear on this man's face, but he was still smiling. His smile was mysterious. Scarlet blood seeped out from the gaps between his teeth. He spat out large mouthfuls of blood and flowed on it. On the earth.

Something weird...

Wang Muyu frowned. He instinctively sensed that something was wrong here. But he couldn't tell what was wrong.

This man chased him all the way and provoked him. He clearly knew that his strength was far inferior to his, but he still pulled him and tried to fight with him.

It's like... deliberately chasing him. Provoking him. Provoking him.

Then let yourself kill him with your own hands...

"Wang Muyu...your real father.

Waiting for you..." Just before the man's consciousness was about to disappear completely, a strange and hollow sound came from the man's body. Wang Muyu was not sure if it was the man who said it, but he could see the man looking at him. His eyes are like poisonous snakes. Fierce and ferocious. His real...father?

No...

What a real father!

His father... obviously only has one Wang Ling!

It turns out. Is this guy here to sow discord between father and son?

This stimulated Wang Muyu. Just when he was about to clench his fists and control the magnetic gold dragon to use the steel water snake transformed from the street lamp to completely crush the man.

Wang Ling flew past. He picked up the child's collar and left. In an instant, he teleported to the bottom of a slide in a nearby park. There was a small square space there. No outsiders were here at this time.

In fact. At that moment.

Wang Ling has done a lot of things.

Not just taking away Wang Muyu.

It also neutralized the two steel water snakes and turned them into their original appearance.

At the same time, he completely restored the nearby buildings. He also helped the innocent foreign man, who was obviously remotely controlled by an evil force, recover from his physical injuries.

Finally, he used spiritual waves to eliminate the memories of all passers-by in the nearby area and the nearby surveillance equipment.

The only thing that hasn't been dealt with clearly is the police who came from afar.

But even if the police arrive at the scene now, it will be of no use because the memories of the witnesses have been wiped out. They can't ask anything.

In comparison, the more important task at the moment. Wang Ling thinks it is to appease Wang Muyu.

This little guy was obviously frightened. His whole body was trembling.

He is obviously very powerful, but in that battle just now, Wang Muyu still looked a little younger. There was a lack of details, and he failed to capture well that the man was actually an innocent person controlled by a remote evil force. It was almost crushed by him.

Wang Ling feels lucky that he arrived in time and did not let this little guy fall into the enemy's conspiracy and become a murderer.

He looked at the trembling Wang Muyu in front of him. He didn't know how to comfort him. He had never comforted anyone before.

So. Wang Ling just walked up and hugged him gently.

Feeling the familiar smell on Wang Ling. Wang Muyu gradually calmed down: "Daddy..."

Wang Muyu thought he was very strong. But what happened just now made him feel that he was really useless for the first time. He didn't even notice the enemy's tricks.

He blamed himself endlessly. He buried his head into Wang Ling's shoulder and sobbed. In just a moment, Wang Ling felt a large amount of moisture on his shoulder.





Chapter 1769 Everyone is here


Through his telepathy, Wang Ling knew that the little guy was blaming himself. It was not just one-sided because he was scared.

Although Wang Muyu is very strong, the lack of combat experience is still a shortcoming in experience. It is difficult to accumulate it in a short period of time. He wanted to express himself. As a result, he made a fool of himself in front of Wang Ling. This made Wang Muyu lay on Wang Ling's shoulder and after crying for a while, he suddenly felt a deep sense of shame.

"..."

He originally wanted to express himself and let Wang Ling praise him. Why not only did he fail to express himself, but he also cried on his father's shoulder?

After thinking about it, Wang Muyu's little face turned red instantly. He couldn't even maintain the shape-changing state. He changed back to the original face of Wang Ling.

He was so ashamed that he almost wanted to dig a hole and bury himself in it, just like an ostrich.

Wang Ling looked at this face that was carved out of the same template as his own, and the feeling of doubting life suddenly came up in his heart.

To be honest, he has never shed a single tear since he was a child. After all, he always makes others cry when he strikes...

And when facing Wang Ling, he felt that those who were beaten enough by him to cry were considered lucky. Some people didn't even have time to cry... and even asked him to find a way to wipe their butts. Give these people a resurrection or something.

So before his eyes, he saw Wang Muyu's tearful look, as if he was looking at himself as a child. He had a magical feeling.

"Dad...I didn't mean it. I will change back right away..." Wang Muyu looked at Wang Ling. He felt nervous.

Wang Ling shook his head indeed and touched the little guy's head.

What Wang Muyu needs to do now is to relax. If he continues to remain in the shape-shifting state, he will indeed become nervous easily.

Of course. The most important thing is that they are now abroad. They don't have to worry about meeting familiar people here. So Wang Ling feels that there is no need to keep Wang Muyu in a state of transfiguration while he is abroad.

He patiently rested for a while under the slide until Wang Muyu calmed down completely.

Wang Ling then held the World Snack Coupon. Holding Wang Muyu's little hand, they headed to the large supermarket in Mixiu Country Glio City - Walwolf.

At the door. Wang Ling found a string of scrolling text on the supermarket's electronic bulletin board: "Today. No one knows better than me. The crispy noodle series crispy noodle snack spree has been sold out. Please come to buy it tomorrow." "

As soon as this string of text appeared, Wang Ling's attention was directly attracted.

No one knows better than me... A series of crispy noodles?

Wang Ling is not convinced.

Because I really feel that there is no one in this world who knows crispy noodles better than me.

He felt itchy and wanted to buy this crispy noodle.

He has already dispatched avatars to other countries to carry out tasks. Only this Mixiu Country Glio City came from his own body.

So when I saw this string of text, Wang Ling suddenly had a new idea in my mind.

Anyway, today is Saturday. He felt that it was not impossible for him to take Wang Muyu to stay in Glio City for one night.

...

On the other side. Sun Rong soon received information that Wang Ling and Wang Muyu planned to spend the night in Mixiu Country Glio City. This was what Lord Diu Lei told him when he came to discuss with him.

After all, Wang Ling and Wang Muyu have no entry information. Both of them teleported there. It is impossible to find a regular hotel to stay. So I can only ask for help from Lord Diu Lei.

However, although the Office of Strategic Deception is now expanding its overseas business, the current status of the Office of Strategic Deception's business in Glio City is still zero.

"Hey. This piece of wood...why don't you come to me directly." Sun Rong couldn't help but sigh in his heart after hearing the news.

"The Office of Strategic Deception has not yet developed a map in Glio City. So I wanted to ask the Huaguo Shui Lian Group... if it can be convenient?" Lord Diu Lei wiped his sweat and asked.

"Of course you can. No problem. The matter between Wang Ling and Muyu is my business." Sun Rong laughed loudly.

"As expected of the Huawei Shui Lian Group.

Even Grio City has industries. "That's not true." Sun Rong held the phone. He shook his head and said, "Zhenjun doesn't know something. Although our Huaguo Shui Lian Group also has industry plans in Mixiu Country, the core The area is not in the city of Glio. It is somewhere else."

"What about Miss Rong..."

"Although it's not available. But we can buy it, right?"

Sun Rong said: "I will ask grandpa to buy the chain hotel over there. It will be convenient for Wang Ling and Muyu to check in."

Hearing this, Lord Diu Lei swallowed his saliva: "..."

Sure enough. Inhumane!

The call ended. Sun Rong immediately arranged the purchase of a hotel chain. In fact, Glio City has been included in the future territory expansion plan of the Huaguo Shui Lian Group a long time ago. But now it is in advance. Just carried out the plan.

It's just the shares of a few hotel chains under the market. Compared with the Huaguo Shui Lian Group's own business, this financial strength is just a drop in the bucket.

"Yes. Grandpa. Then I'll trouble you."

She quickly completed the communication with Boss Sun. Then she smiled and said, "Oh, by the way, Grandpa. Please ask Brother Xiaoche to book an express ticket for me to go to Glio City. Yes. I will need it right away." Let's go. Grandpa, don't miss school. I'll be back before Monday."

...

After deciding to stay in Glio City for one night, Wang Ling took Wang Muyu to the nearest cafe to wait for news about the hotel from Lord Diu Lei.

Although Wang Ling has chosen a very hidden corner location, it still attracted the attention of many people.

After all. There are blond and blue-eyed foreigners everywhere here. Their two Asian faces really make an impression easily.

"Ah. What a cute little brother. Are you brothers?" A slightly fat and kind-looking woman came forward and took the initiative to communicate with Wang Ling.

In the city of Glio in Mixiu Country. These blond and blue-eyed foreigners all speak foreign languages. But Wang Ling does not have to worry about language problems.

Because he has {great language skills}. No matter where he goes, he can communicate without borders. The foreign words he hears will be transformed into clear Mandarin in his ears. And the words he speaks on his own initiative will also be transformed into straight words. The well-spoken native language enters the minds of those with whom it communicates.

However, Wang Ling did not reply. He just shouted and nodded. In contrast, Wang Muyu seemed more lively.

Wang LingI didn’t expect that the little guy could do this.

Because the little guy has the gene of "cultural dragon."

This dragon has no other abilities. Its only purpose is to be educated. This gives Wang Muyu an extraordinary learning ability among ordinary cultivators and other dragon descendants.

He used this ability to successfully make himself cute. In the end, the old woman paid for the table Wang Ling.

"Bye-Bye."

Before the woman left, she also left a name card for Wang Muyu, inviting Wang Muyu to visit their home if he had time.

Such communication skills make Wang Ling really don’t know what to say.

He felt that this might be one of the few places where Wang Muyu was far better than himself...

A little dragon who has condensed all the genetic essence of the dragon family. He actually makes a living by being cute in a foreign country. Speaking of which, Wang Ling feels extremely emotional.





Chapter 1770 The characteristics of the business district in the world of cultivation


After Sun Yiyuan put down the phone, Butler Lin frowned slightly. He stood very close. Moreover, Sun Yiyuan deliberately turned up the volume during the call so that Butler Lin could listen together.

After hearing the news about Sun Rong, the butler, who was more senior than Jiang Xiaoche, couldn't help but show a bit of worry: "Grandpa, I thought this was inappropriate... so I took the photo of Master Muyu. There are many signs that the betrayal is inseparable from Jiang Xiaoche."

"On the other hand, there is also the new Elder Qin from the Office of Strategic Deception as a witness. Elder Qin videotaped Jiang Xiaoche's entire transaction record while he was disguising himself as a skunk. In addition, he relied on intelligence for extra The amount of extra money I earned is also right..."

"I always feel that I shouldn't continue to use him like this."

"Old Lin..."

Sun Yiyuan raised his hand and gestured to the height of his desk: "Xiaoche has been by my side since he was so old. I have never regarded him as an outsider."

When he said these words, Sun Yiyuan couldn't help but sigh. The disappointment in his heart was self-evident.

It feels uncomfortable for anyone to be betrayed by someone they trust.

The information that betrayed the group. And there is a sufficient chain of evidence from many aspects. Jiang Xiaoche cannot escape the connection.

At the same time, Sun Yiyuan also knew very well the reason why Jiang Xiaoche did that. Maybe it was out of jealousy...

So he has never been that concerned about Wang Ling's affairs. In addition, Jiang Xiaoche is also very aware of the fact that Sun Rong likes Wang Ling. He considers it from the perspective of a love rival. He wants to It's not surprising that some disgusting Wang Ling things happen.

Although Sun Yiyuan usually doesn't ask questions, in fact, he basically knows everything about his opponents.

After a long silence, Sun Yiyuan spoke slowly. He said in a deep voice: "Old Lin, Rongrong and I know what you said in our hearts. But I want Xiaoche to understand that there is no resolution between him and Rongrong. of."

"My master is so merciful..."

"This is his last chance."

Sun Yiyuan said: "If he still persists in his obsession, I will personally take action and confiscate everything he has now."

Butler Lin gave a wry smile: "I just don't know. Is the master doing this for the sake of the young lady? Or for the boy named Wang..."

"This... is naturally for the future consideration of my Huaguo Shui Lian Group. I have already found someone to settle the matter. My classmate Wang Ling is born with the attribute of a wife. If Rongrong can really be with him in the end. Not only It can turn bad luck into good luck and prolong life. It will also make you prosperous in your career. If God helps you..." Sun Yiyuan said.

"Is this fortune teller reliable?" Butler Lin had doubts about this.

"This is very strange. I asked more than a dozen people, and they all said that. Of course, in addition to the above, it's not like the fortune tellers haven't said anything that they need to be careful about."

"Something I need to watch out for? What is it?"

"They said that if Rongrong and his classmate Wang Ling end up together, it will be easy for herniated disc to occur."

When Sun Yiyuan said this, he couldn't help but frown deeply: "How could a healthy cultivator have a lumbar disc herniation? What exactly did he do to cause the lumbar disc to jump back and forth repeatedly..."

Butler Lin: "..."

...

On the other side, after Jiang Xiaoche got the news that Sun Rong wanted to buy an immortal boat ticket to Mixiu Country Glio City, he quickly made preparations for Sun Rong to go abroad.

This time, he didn't take the initiative to cause any trouble. Because the last time there was such a big commotion over Tengu, it was mainly caused by the first-hand information he sold.

After coming back, Jiang Xiaoche was frightened for several days. Even his hair began to show a tendency to become decentralized. As a result, Boss Sun didn't seem to notice. There was no obvious change in his attitude towards him. This made Jiang Xiaoche breathed a sigh of relief immediately.

So this time, Jiang Xiaoche decided that it would be better for him to be more honest and conservative. He must not make any mistakes again.

It was said that Jiang Xiaoche was asked to book a ticket for the immortal boat. In fact, the Huaguo Shui Lian Group has its own exclusive immortal boat. The "booking of tickets" mentioned by Sun Rong was just for Jiang Xiaoche to contact the Mixiu Country Exit and Entry Bureau. It's just a green route specially approved.

This is the group privilege of Huaguo Shui Lian Group as one of the world's top 100 companies. As long as the green route is allowed to open, everyone on the exclusive immortal boat will be deemed to have obtained a short-term visa-free visa for half a month.

Things may sound complicated, but in fact, Jiang Xiaoche has always been communicating about going abroad. It can be said that they are familiar with each other.

This time, Jiang Xiaoche swore that he would never do anything that went against professional ethics or betrayed the group.

However, Sun Rong's trip was leaked to the Tengu team for some unknown reason...

Mixiu Country Glio Municipality. Wisdom Tree.

Tengu from all over the world transformed into remote holographic projections and sat down in the office for a meeting.

It was still the Eight-Star Tengu named "Ba Ye" who appeared before who spoke: "We have received the news. Miss Sun from the Huaguo Shui Lian Group is about to go to Glio City."

"Coming to Glio City?"

Many Tengu instinctively became alert: "Have they discovered our movements?"

"Probably not. Our Tengu headquarters is extremely hidden. It's impossible for them to find this place just based on the incident in Duobao City last time. This trip, I'm afraid, is because of the legendary child."

Ba Ye said: "In short, the two pieces of information we have received so far are very reliable. Because these two pieces of information were all given by Emperor Zun."

"Emperor..."

When the rest of the Tengu tribe heard this, they suddenly realized.

"so it is..."

"Since it is the information provided by Emperor Zun, it must be correct. Emperor Zun is really amazing. He knows things like a god."

"But Master Ba. How did you contact Emperor Zun?"

"How am I qualified to contact Emperor Zun? These are all instructions issued by Emperor Zun proactively."

Under the mask, the Eight Star Tengu frowned and said, "Actually, I have always thought that we may have more than one emperor."

"What Master Ba means is that Emperor Zun is the same as us. In fact, it is divided into multiple people?"

"It's just my personal guess. Emperor Zun knows things like a god. He is elusive. Especially if we can easily guess it?"

The Tengu named Ba Ye paused and then said: "Last time in Duobao City, we suffered a defeat. This time, Miss Sun from the Huaguo Shui Lian Group threw herself into a trap and came to our core hinterland. "

"Listen to my order. All five-stars and above should take action. They must complete the sniper attack on the target in Glio City. Form a close intelligence surveillance network and dig out all the dirty information about this young lady."

"We must not lose this battle again. Otherwise, it will damage the reputation of our Tengu."

Under the mask, the eighth master smiled and said: "These days, whether it is the entertainment industry or the business industry, there are always many children. This is a major feature. I hope everyone will seize the opportunity. If I, the Tengu, can succeed in this battle . Maybe we can destroy the Huaguo Shui Lian Group and the Office of Strategic Deception in one fell swoop..."





Chapter 1771 Mine Distribution in Glio City


Wang Ling waited in the coffee shop for a while. A man who looked very much like Lord Diu Lei suddenly pushed the door in from outside. He walked directly towards Wang Ling's table.

Although it looks similar to Lord Diu Lei, Wang Ling is certain that this is definitely not Lord Diu Lei himself. It should be the legendary Mixiu Country Glio City Fen Lei.

Since the Office of Strategic Deception has become the world's largest business, it has also begun to prepare for foreign territory expansion and the establishment of branch offices.

However, the history, culture and systems of each cultivation country are different. Therefore, it is not possible to open a branch sect just by thinking about it.

For example, in Glio City in Mixiu Country, Lord Diu Lei has encountered a lot of obstacles. However, the sect cannot live without its leader for a day. He also needs his body to take charge of the overall situation.

Therefore, under such circumstances, once the matter of opening a branch abroad is blocked, Lord Diu Lei will leave such a "real clone" to perform tasks on his behalf as a branch.

Speaking of which, Wang Ling personally taught Lord Diu Lei this ability. With the emergence of various "mines", Lord Diu Lei's work efficiency as the leader has obviously improved a lot.

"Diu Lei from Glio City met Ling Zhenren here." As soon as they met, this Glio City Fen Lei sent a message and bowed to Wang Ling.

He was dressed in a suit and leather shoes, just like the image of Glio City given to most foreigners. At first glance, he looked like an elite among human cultivators.

As a typical modern metropolis in Mixiu Country that integrates science, technology, and production. Glio City always gives people the impression that it is a gathering of elites.

People walking on the street seem to always be wearing expensive suits or evening gowns. It makes people feel like they have entered the human world.

It wasn't until I saw Glio City Fen Lei's dress that Wang Ling realized the problem. No wonder he and Wang Muyu were already low-key enough. They still attracted a lot of strange looks. It turned out to be "skin" Wrong...

It has to be said that Glio City Fen mine is very skilled in business. He carefully welcomed Di Di and Wang Muyu into the car. Then he quickly took out two complete sets of suits from the storage container inside the car. The size was exactly Wang Ling and Wang Muyu’s.

"Please, Ling Zhenren and Brother Muyu, please put them on. Ling Zhenren has always been used to keeping a low profile. If he wears the same clothes as the people here, he will not attract special attention from others." Fenlei from Glio City said.

Wang Ling nodded. Then he used the spell as he was told to change clothes directly with one click.

A very convenient spell. Glio City Fen Lei was stunned when he saw it.

Through the rearview mirror, he saw Wang Ling and Wang Muyu put on suits. The well-tailored black suits perfectly set off the perfect figure of Wang Ling.

The spotless white cotton shirt and the red tie made Wang Ling's temperament look much more energetic.

Coupled with the youthful feeling exuding from the body, this elite-looking suit actually forms a perfect fusion like a Tai Chi plate.

Wang Muyu next to him was basically a smaller version of Wang Ling. Everyone in Glio City was dumbfounded when he saw it.

After a long while, he started the car. He seemed to have come to his senses and said, "Ah, I'm sorry. This suit fits Ling Zhenren and Muyu brother too well. I don't know what to say next time."

"The hotel has been arranged. It's a hotel we just purchased. Even if Ling Zhenren and Brother Muyu don't have entry and exit records, they don't have to worry about being traced. The Office of Strategic Deception has already found a way to complete the relevant procedures."

"..."

At that moment. Wang Ling suddenly felt that he was guilty.

He just wanted to buy a package of crispy noodles. The Office of Strategic Deception actually spent so much effort and even booked a hotel for him...

But after Wang Xixi thought for a moment, he suddenly felt something was wrong.

Because the Office of Strategic Deception has invested in many cultivation scientific research projects in the past few months. That thing consumes the most funds. On the other hand, the Heavenly Dao broccoli grown has not yet reached the harvest season.

Where did he get the spare money to invest in foreign hotel assets? He thought about it carefully. He suddenly felt like he had a bad premonition...

Then, as soon as he opened his eyes, the pupil power of King's Eyes penetrated directly into the void, helping him peek into the distant scene.

really...

He saw Sun Rong boarding the immortal boat. He looked like he was in a hurry to go to Glio City.

Wang Ling: "..."

"Ling Zhenren actually doesn't have to worry about it. Taking over foreign hotel chains was originally within the scope of the company's expansion plan. "

Glio City Fen Lei said: "By the way. When I was at the door of the store, I saw a woman talking to Brother Muyu. I wonder if Ling Zhenren is familiar with this person?"

"?"

Wang Ling looked at the eyes in the rearview mirror with confusion.

"If I'm not mistaken, this person should be a well-known variety show producer in Glio. His name is Michelle Lavin. People give him the nickname Mrs. Lavin. In addition to the technology industry, Glio has a large scale Besides, the entertainment industry is actually very developed."

Glio City Fen Lei said: "Under normal circumstances, this Mrs. Raven will not take the initiative to talk to people. If she takes the initiative to come forward like this, it means that she may have set her sights on you, Ling Zhenren, and brother Muyu."

"Ah? Variety show? Is it one of those TV shows that invites a bunch of popular brothers and sisters to make the audience laugh?" Wang Muyu couldn't help but ask.

"Variety shows are divided into different types. But Brother Muyu is actually right. Variety shows like our current cultivation world are essentially to make the audience laugh and compete for ratings. The directors and producers of these programs will Don't use it to the extreme."

Glio City Fen Lei said: "This Mrs. Raven is the producer of a large-scale Zhenren show. According to the latest planning news, this Mrs. Raven plans to plan a parent-child show."

"Could it be...{Where is dad going?}" Wang Muyu asked.

Glio City Fenlei shook his head: "Not really. The news I got here said that the name of the program is {Dad Is Gone}."

Wang Ling, Wang Muyu: "???"

"What Mrs. Raven is good at is horror variety shows, with the theme of hunting. So she has always been loved by the audience here."

Glio City Fenlei said: "The process of this program {Dad Is Gone} is said to be to organize several pairs of fathers and sons to go on a trip. It first enhances the relationship between father and son in an intimate atmosphere. Then there are arranged surprises in the middle."

"For example, there may be a sudden car accident, knocking dad into a mosaic or something... In short, dads will be eliminated one after another due to various accidents..."

"Finally, give all the cameras to the children. Let the audience see the children's reaction ability."

"..."

This variety show is really produced. Is it good or not? Wang Ling I don’t know.

But Wang Ling feels that the producers who plan this kind of program are really short-sighted...

Even if he had been targeted by Mrs. Raven, it would be impossible for him to participate in this kind of variety show.

Besides, his trip is only for one day. He will go back tomorrow.

There are still school tasks to be completed. The homework is not finished yet...





Chapter 1772 Sun Rong was attacked


On the way to Glio City. Sun Rong is sitting on his private immortal boat. Traveling along the specially approved green route.

She has planned everything on the immortal boat. While discussing how to spend a beautiful and fulfilling day with Wang Ling, she will not cause Wang Ling to resent her because she is too proactive.

In the past, when facing this kind of situation, Sun Rong would always take the initiative to find a few acquaintances to go with him. For example, Chen Chao, Guo Hao, Li Youyue... these are already regular members of the team. They have a keen eye and know how to Come on. The most important thing is that he will also provide assists.

This trip abroad was actually a bit troublesome. She felt that Chen Chao and others might not be willing to go with her. But she didn't expect that when she asked in the group, these people actually agreed.

Sun Rong was shocked on the spot: "Are you even willing to go abroad?"

"Is it the same as before? Round-trip air tickets, food and accommodation are included. Boss Sun board." Guo Hao posted an emoticon of giving roses.

"Of course...I invited you. I should pay for it." Sun Rong said.

"That's okay." Chen Chao answered, "And Glio City. Chao'er and I have wanted to go there. It's a technological paradise for modern cultivation games! Although the schedule seems a bit tight, as long as we have this. Don't worry about your affairs with Wang Ling. Just leave it to us!"

Perhaps he was infected by Chen Chao's impassioned statement. Sun Rong was also excited to hear it.

However, because she was already checking in when she made the invitation, Sun Rong spent a lot of money and chartered another immortal boat for the three of them. It was expected to arrive in Glio City one hour later than her.

really...

It still wouldn't work without the help of her friends. She would feel empty.

It's like buying a drink for a boy you like. In order to make yourself less obvious, you usually buy several bottles and distribute them to the boy you want to give them to and the people around the boy. This way it won't look too obvious.

"Miss, we'll be there in three hours." On the immortal boat, Butler Lin stood by the side respectfully.

He was sent by Boss Sun specifically to protect the safety of Sun Rong.

But to be honest. Now Sun Rong feels that it’s really unclear who protects whose safety.

Speaking of which, Butler Lin is also an elder in the family who has watched him grow up. In terms of seniority, he is even higher than the first-level elders of the group. He followed the entrepreneurial journey with Mr. Boss Sun back then and held original shares.

Although the proportion is not large, Butler Lin still has billions of assets.

Sun Rong knew that it was grandpa's wish for Butler Lin to follow her. In order to reassure the elderly, she naturally could not refuse. She could only agree.

"Uncle Lin, don't stand next to me all the time. Otherwise, lie down and rest?" Sun Rong asked with a smile.

"How can that be done? It's my duty to protect the young lady. Besides, we received a lot of threatening letters a while ago... The safety of the young lady is also the main concern of the master."

Butler Lin said: "If this is like the first few times, if you ignore these threats, it is very likely to attract a group of extremely vicious people like Shadow Liu."

"But now the entire shadow flow has been taken away."

Sun Rong dumbfounded.

In fact, since Shadow Stream disappeared, there are actually many mercenary organizations targeting her killers. However, their comprehensive business capabilities are obviously not as strong as Shadow Stream...

I admit the wrong person every time. It gives Sun Rong myself a headache.

The realm is indeed higher than Shadow Stream. But I don’t know why the IQ plummets. It stands to reason that cultivators with high realms like to fly around in the sky with fancy things. When their feet are off the ground, the virus is shut down. Smart IQ She had reoccupied the high ground...but now the mercenaries she met looked like they had brain hemorrhages.

So every time at this time, Sun Rong misses the days when Yingliu assassinated him. I don’t know how the Yingliu sisters are doing in prison...

"What are you thinking about, miss?" Butler Lin looked at Sun Rong with a thoughtful expression on his face.

I couldn't help but ask. "No... I just thought of two old friends..."

Sun Rong rubbed his eyebrows and said, "Uncle Lin. Do you still remember the Yingliu sisters who were arrested half a year ago?"

"So the young lady is thinking about their affairs?" Butler Lin said calmly: "These killers are never worthy of tolerance for their disregard of human life. The young lady does not need to blame herself or even forgive them."

"I don't want to forgive them."

Sun Rong shook his head and said: "I just suddenly felt that the appearance of this group of people has made me grow a lot. From the perspective of opponents, I think the quality of these sisters is quite high."

"What the lady said is..."

Butler Lin said: "They are currently being held in a women's prison. It is said that they are doing well at the moment. But it will be a hundred years before they are released from prison after serving their sentences."

"Has the sentence been that long?"

"Not as long as the mahjong team in Songhai City Number 1 Prison. If they are reformed well, there is still a possibility of a reduced sentence."

Sun Rong nodded. Nodding slightly.

In fact, she really wanted to find a chance to see the two Yingliu sisters. Because she had always had a very curious question. Who was the person behind the scenes who hired Yingliu to assassinate her.

However, due to professionalism, I heard that Jiang Liuying and Jiang Liuyue have not betrayed their clients until now. It is for this reason that the two were finally sentenced to a heavier punishment. Otherwise, one of them would not have been imprisoned for a hundred years. More than time.

At this time, Sun Rong was thinking with his chin upright. Suddenly, he felt a strong murderous aura permeating from high in the sky.

Boom!

There was a loud noise. A psychic missile launched from nowhere accurately hit the spiritual barrier of the immortal boat on which Sun Rong was riding.

Under attack!

Someone is shooting at her with a missile!

If it weren't for the psychic barrier that had been deployed on the outer layer of the immortal boat, the power of this missile was enough to cause the immortal boat to crash on the spot.

This was obviously not a mistake. It was an attack that had been planned for a long time.

The other party came prepared.

But inside the immortal boat, everyone acted very calmly.

Including the captain of the immortal boat.

All members are elite employees of the group carefully selected by Sun Yiyuan. They all have very strong psychological quality and response ability to deal with unexpected risks.

When the immortal boat was attacked, the captain quickly contacted the tower to report the situation and tried to land at a nearby anchorage of the immortal boat.

"No need to land. Go directly to Glio City." At this time, Sun Rong turns on the voice call button. Communicate directly with the captain.

"Miss...this will be dangerous! The other party's targeting is obvious..."

"It's okay. Uncle Lin. In fact, my master...had expected it a long time ago. So he gave me a personal magic weapon to help me deal with this danger."

"Miss's master? When did Miss have a master?"

"It's the legendary elder named Wang Meili in the Office of Strategic Deception. She accepted classmate Jiang Yingying as her disciple before."

"It turns out it's her...the beautiful lady that classmate Jiang mentioned?" Butler Lin was shocked: "Why didn't the lady say anything about this in the first place?"

"My master likes to keep a low profile...so he asked me not to mention her identity to the outside world."

"so it is."

Butler Lin nodded.

As soon as he finished speaking, the second shell came one after another from the flank.

Sun Rong Without saying a word, he directly used the cover of "Wang Meili" to release Aohai's disguised sword energy in public!

The moment the crimson sword energy seeped out of the immortal boat, an astonishing amount of spiritual pressure immediately followed. With the immortal boat as the center, it began to track the direction of the missile launch in all directions. From an extremely long distance, the responsible person lurked in the dark. The missile-launching Tengu whistle picked up the missile as accurately as if it were picking up a chicken...

She is blessed with the power of nine-core Aohai.

Not to mention missiles.

Even a nuclear bomb can't hurt her...





Chapter 1773 The Tengu’s Conspiracy


Nine-core Aohai. The sword energy is so powerful. Even if these two Tengu secret whistles are in the Soul Formation state, they are still vulnerable in front of Sun Rong. They are as small as two ants.

In the Wisdom Tree, several high-ranking Tengu members with high stars dotted on their foreheads stood tall. They were in control of the overall situation. Although they had already expected that the Office of Strategic Deception would have a way to protect Sun Rong, they did not expect the coming person. The strength is actually so strong.

Seizing Sun Rong is the main line of their plan. In addition to the main task, the Tengu in the Wisdom Tree also decided to complete their previously planned plan to split the Office of Strategic Deception.

"Strong sword energy. I wonder what kind of masters the Office of Strategic Deception has sent."

"This red sword energy looks a bit like the master who went to Duobao City to rescue Jiang Yingying."

"You mean the woman wearing the nine-tailed fox mask and calling her Wang Mei?"

"That's right...this person is very strong. He is not even afraid of the last straw left by our predecessors."

"No problem. Just stick to the original plan!"

The eight-star tengu named "Eight Master" at the head waved his hand: "No matter how lucky this eldest lady is, there are two tasks in this battle. As long as one is completed, we will win."

...

On the other side, Sun Rong relied on Aohai's disguised sword energy to accurately capture the direction of the Tengu's secret whistle. He knocked the two men unconscious.

However, as the two men fainted, the location of their accomplices was quickly exposed.

Sun Rong was shocked to find that there were not just two people ambush below. These two people just showed up to launch missiles.

In addition, she also felt the aura of at least a thousand people, all of whom were lurking under the sea water around the island.

Strength. Averagely reaches Soul Formation level!

A thousand-strong Soul Formation army!

To describe it as scary is not an exaggeration at all!

"Uncle Lin. What is the island below our immortal boat?"

"It's the Nantian Islands." Butler Lin quickly replied. He knew the current geographical location information very clearly.

This is an immortal island in the South China Sea of Huaxiu Country. Although the island is not large, it was brutally invaded by Mixiu Country's sea-based immortal team a few years ago because of its rich resources.

Although this group of people was later expelled, the Nantian Islands are still not at peace in the past few years. In all likelihood, there are people who want to visit the islands.

Over time, the Nantian Islands also became a controversial immortal island in the South China Sea under the leadership of Mixiu Country. It was used by Mixiu Country as a cultivation strategy to achieve the purpose of containment.

After listening to Butler Lin's introduction, Sun Rong immediately frowned deeply: "Uncle Lin, there are thousands of people hiding under the sea of Nantian Islands...a full group of people. .Is this normal?"

"A group? Is this what the lady sensed with the magic weapon of that beautiful lady Wang?"

"That's right...the magic weapon my master gave me is very powerful..."

"The Nantian Islands are called the maritime border. They are one of the symbols of the territorial waters of our country, Huaxiu."

"As far as I know, the maritime garrison on our island is less than 500 people. Because the nearby seaside immortal ships can be transferred at any time for support. They are stationed on the island in the wind and sun every day. In this way, groups go to the sea and dive into the water. Such behavior...is definitely not their style..."

Butler Lin couldn't help but frown as he spoke. Then soon, cold sweat broke out on his forehead.

If these cultivators lurking in the sea are not garrisoned at the sea border, then they are most likely invading enemies...

Things seem to be getting complicated.

Butler Lin didn't expect that they would encounter such a thing on this green route leading to Mixiu Country.

"The Nantian Islands are called the maritime border. They are one of the symbols of the territorial waters of our country Huaxiu. They must not be handed over." Butler Lin said: "Miss. The maritime garrison will handle this matter. It is not appropriate for us to interfere."

Sun Rong: "So maybe the appearance of this group of people is not aimed at me?"

Butler Lin: "It's hard to say now..."

"But I took two shots. It can't be in vain, right?"

Sun Rong Liu frowned.

After thinking for a while, she said: "Let's do this, Uncle Lin. You ask the captain to raise the height of the immortal boat a little more. We will hang in the air and wait and see. If this group of people persists, we can also think of ways to support them." She originally just wanted to deal with it. The two bastards who had abandoned Tengu quickly reunited with Wang Ling. But they didn't expect to encounter such a thing on the way.

As a young person who has received modern patriotism education, she now has the strength to defend her home and country. At the same time, she is also full of passion and the chivalrous spirit of a generation of cultivators because of her youth.

Encountered such a thing. Sun Rong felt that I really couldn't sit back and ignore it.

"Okay. Miss..."

Butler Lin nodded. He knew Sun Rong's personality. Once he decided to do something, he couldn't dissuade him.

I had no choice but to agree temporarily and then think of other ways.

Of course. The most important point is that he must find a way to protect the safety of Sun Rong...

He was thinking in his mind. Then he heard Sun Rong look at him and say: "Uncle Lin, protect yourself. If a fight breaks out, the magic weapon my master gave me may not be used in the immortal boat. I'm sure I'm going out to fight."

"I...protect myself?" Butler Lin looked stunned.

"That's right, Uncle Lin. Just protect yourself. Otherwise, I will have to protect you while fighting." Sun Rong smiled.

"..."

At this time, Butler Lin was even more stunned.

He had never heard of this beautiful name. If it hadn't been for the kidnapping of Martial Saint's adopted daughter last time, he would never have thought that there was such a person hidden in the Office of Strategic Deception.

However, there is no doubt about Wang Meili's strength. He can single-handedly rescue Jiang Yingying unscathed... This alone is already strong enough.

But when did Wang Meili accept Sun Rong as his disciple? Butler Lin was really curious.

If the young lady really gets into a fight with these invading enemies now, how will she behave?

...

At the same time, on the other side, after following Fen Lei from Glio City, he checked into the hotel where he was staying.

Wang Ling operates the pupil force. The scene of the pupil force being dispersed and released into the void is directly switched to the Nantian Islands.

This is no longer peeking at the screen. This is looking at it openly.

Mainly because Wang Muyu also wants to see it.

Wang Ling can only follow the little guy’s wishes.

When Glio City Fen Lei saw this, he was filled with emotion.

As expected of Ling Zhenren. Even when peeking into the screen, he is so confident. Even if he is not confident, he is confident!

"Is it...Mom?" Wang Muyu shouted excitedly after seeing the picture.

Wang Ling really doesn’t care about Sun Rong.

He was just worried about the little moves by the Tengu. He knew that the Thousand Soul Formations currently lurking in the Nantian Islands were planned by the Tengu. He had a vague feeling that something was wrong.

Previously, although the two missiles that attacked the immortal boat on which Sun Rong was traveling failed, they still attracted the attention of the garrison at sea.

At this time, a man with a lean figure and extraordinary equipment wearing a blue robe stood up. His name was Li Weiwei. He was the leader of the Nantian Islands Maritime Garrison.

He stood at the front and shouted to the surroundings with the loudest sound transmission spell: "Those who trespass on the sea border will be killed without mercy!"

At that moment, the sound was overwhelming. The sound waves spread out and shook the sea surface. The waves were rolled up by tens of meters and swept away in all directions.





Chapter 1774: Estrangement


Li Weiwei's one man was able to stop ten thousand men. This roar was completely unexpected by the group of lurking tengu. But this time they gathered a large number of people. Thousands of Soul Formation troops. Facing Li Weiwei's 500 people The island's maritime border defense group is not worried at all.

The leading tengu wears a five-star Jason mask. He is the commander of this operation. He is also the person with the highest level among these Soul Formation troops. He is at the ninth level of Soul Formation! Only half a cloth is left to break through!

"Captain Li, you are well." He was an old man. He was leaning on a cane and wearing a sea animal skin coat. He took the initiative to reach out from the bottom of the sea. But he didn't get even a drop of water on his body.

All the Soul Formations summoned here this time are cultivators who major in the water system. More than half of them have water spiritual roots in their bodies. Their combat capabilities in water-related environments will be greatly enhanced.

Therefore, this is one of the reasons why these tengu are so confident.

"Leave quickly!" Li Weiwei had no other words. Facing the invading enemy, he did not have such a good temper. As he spoke, the aura in his body was already surging. He seemed to be ready to fight at any time. He was so tough.

The leader, the old Tengu man, smiled. His yellowed teeth were exposed under his mask: "I didn't come here just to fight with Captain Li today. Although we are outnumbered, Captain Li is not easy to mess with." If we really put it all together, it might be a lose-lose situation."

"Now that you know, get out of here!" Li Weiwei was already a little impatient in his words.

The old man Tengu pretended not to hear and just kept talking to himself: "In fact, Commander Li also thinks in his heart that it is not necessary for us to fight, right? Use the lives of us people in exchange for the lives of these brothers in the border defense group. It's really not necessary."

"Whether it's necessary or not depends on your attitude."

Li Weiwei was fearless and took the initiative to take a step forward: "I, the man from the Border Guard Corps, will never allow foreign enemies to invade. If you want to fight, no one here is afraid of death!"

"Captain Li is too anxious...I told you. The purpose of my trip is not just to fight."

The old Tengu man Jie Jie said with a smile: "The last question. Commander Li is not curious. How can we summon a thousand Soul Formation troops to surround this place without you noticing?"

Li Weiwei frowned but did not speak. This group of people came very strangely. They were lurking under the sea as if they appeared out of thin air. In the process, they also deliberately fired two missiles at the Immortal ship in the air...

Although they were not shot down, such provocative behavior was enough to demonstrate the confidence of this group of people.

The person sitting on the "immortal ship" is the eldest lady of the Huaguo Shui Lian Group. And this green route was originally planned for this lady by the Office of Strategic Deception. Now the Huaguo Shui Lian Group and the Office of Strategic Deception There is a cooperative relationship between them..."

The old man ignored Li Weiwei's increasingly solemn eyes and sneered.

"What exactly do you want to say?" Li Weiwei frowned deeply.

"It's a very simple reason." The old man Tiangu said with a kind of confidence: "Commander Li, think about it. Why can we appear out of thin air and lurk near this island. We can ambush here in advance... The reason is very simple. That is Huaguo There are people from the Shui Lian Group and the Office of Strategic Deception who belong to Tengu."

As soon as these words came out, Sun Rong was stunned. Only then did she realize the Tengu's true purpose.

Sun Rong: "This group of people are talking nonsense... They actually said that there are people in the Group and the Office of Strategic Deception."

"It seems that the purpose of these tengu appearing here is to create a wedge between them."

Butler Lin also secretly felt that the situation was not good.

The current development of the Office of Strategic Deception is too fast and too powerful. Although the Office of Strategic Deception also has part of the control of Huaxiu Alliance, as the largest sect on the earth, Western countries have always had no control over the Office of Strategic Deception. Deception’s smear campaigns have never stopped.

For example, in Mixiu Country, there is a very dangerous voice, saying that the Office of Strategic Deception is the most successful. It is a country within a country.

Now, Tengu has resorted to this alienation trick again...

This deepened the internal suspicion. Butler Lin sighed inwardly.

I'm afraid that the next days for the Office of Strategic Deception will be a little difficult. On the other hand, after hearing the words of the old Tengu man, the look on Li Weiwei's face was also quite ugly.

It was impossible for him to completely believe what the old man in front of him said. However, there might indeed be Tengu within the Huaguo Shui Lian Group and the Office of Strategic Deception. He would definitely report this important news to his superiors.

As for other matters, we can only leave them to Shangfeng to investigate.

And now, his first task is to expel all these invading tengu!

"What you said has nothing to do with me. I just want you. Get away from the Nantian Islands as quickly as possible!"

Li Weiwei snorted and stepped forward. The spiritual light on his body vibrated. He summoned a silver armor and wore it on his body. He directly entered the battle preparation state.

"Why. I brought such valuable information to Commander Li. Commander Li still wants to take action?"

Buzz!

The nearby sea surface was shaking along with the entire Nantian Islands. A terrifying spiritual energy seeped out from the sea water. It was awe-inspiring. It was like a deep-sea monster dormant deep under the sea was resurrecting.

Li Weiwei instantly felt extremely vigilant.

He could feel that the old Tengu of the ninth level of Soul Formation in front of him was much more powerful than that!

"Anyone who offends our sea territory will be killed without mercy!" Li Weiwei was extremely determined. He shouted a war cry, which aroused the excitement of all the soldiers in the entire island army. Everyone shared the same hatred. The expression on his face was cautious but also slightly angry. No one was there. There is an intention to retreat.

"Captain Li, I told you before that we were on a 50-50 basis with you. Did you really believe it? You are trying to beat a stone with an egg. Why bother? If you can go back alive today, remember to go to the top of the mountain for me. Convey. Thanks to the Office of Strategic Deception and Huaguo Shui Lian Group for the information." The old man smiled.

Boom!

At the same time, a sea wall of tens of meters was formed behind him. It blocked the sky and the sun. It was shaped like the palm of the sea god. It was terrifying and boundless. It was completely controlled by the old man.

There was no need for the thousands of troops behind him. The old man's single strength already gave people a creepy feeling. At that moment, the overwhelming spiritual pressure collapsed. With just one palm, everyone on the island felt it. It was as if I was carrying a huge mountain on my back.

This spiritual pressure was so great that many people were unable to move.

"Don't even think about trapping me!"

Li Weiwei gritted his teeth and moved forward. He took a step forward. Then he began to run forward with a kind of arrogant and domineering spiritual power. Every time he took a step, the soles of his feet sank a little downward. It seemed that he was using brute force. In fact, he was using brute force. Keep a cool head.

He started the group with his physical body, headed towards a certain coordinate point, and finally crashed into a spiritual stone!

At the moment when the spirit stone shattered, the island's defense array was also activated at the same moment. In an instant, dozens of chains came from all directions around the Nantian Islands! They shot towards the invading enemy accurately!

These are all immortal locks made of spirit-binding materials. If cultivators get involved, they will be unable to allocate spiritual power.

"Town!"

The old man didn't pay attention to these immortal bonds at all. His palms gave birth to a dark blue spiritual light, with a kind of withering power. In an instant, endless mist rose up, surrounding the entire island.

This method shocked Li Weiwei because he could see that these defensive bindings were corroding rapidly under the corrosive mist full of seawater smell at a speed visible to the naked eye.

"The situation is not good. It seems that Commander Li is in trouble..."

Butler Lin watched the battle remotely through the equipment in the immortal boat. Seeing that Li Weiwei was at an impasse, he was anxious for a while. He hurriedly said: "Miss, don't move here. I'll go down and help him."

As soon as he finished speaking, he found that Sun Rong who was sitting next to him had disappeared.

An escape hatch at the end of the immortal boat.

At this time, Sun Rong has put on the nine-tailed fox mask of "Wang Meili". He is fully armed.

After taking a deep breath, she jumped down...





Chapter 1775: Sealed Spiritual Object


Wang Ling is in a hotel chain suite in Glio City. He uses King's Eyes closely to observe the movements in the distance. And from the beginning, he noticed something strange about the old man disguised as the Soul Formation 9th Level. His The strength is far more than that.

Spirit-binding locks and immortal locks were developed by Wang Ming using part of the extract from the Talisman sealed on his body, which can suppress the spiritual power of cultivators and psychic magic weapons. They are essential items for law enforcement agencies in the cultivation world.

Collectively known as: sealing spirit objects.

Since the upgrade of the earth, the performance of the spirit-binding lock and the immortal lock has been improved again. It can suppress the vast majority of cultivators on the earth.

There is only one premise. That is, when the cultivator's own combat power far exceeds the level of the earth, the impact of the "spiritual sealing object" can be ignored.

When Li Weiwei broke through the pre-arranged mechanism on the island with his body, the spirit sealing formation used for defense was also activated instantly. Dozens of immortal locks moved together. Cultivators on the earth would be shocked when they saw such an formation.

That is an artifact that True Immortal will be suppressed in a short time if it encounters it. It is even more difficult for Soul Formation realm cultivators to deal with.

However, the old man in front of him actually decomposed the seawater behind him into withering sea mist, locking the immortal bundle in it and corroding it completely in an instant!

Accompanied by bursts of misty sea fog, a strange creature with a lion's head and a fish's body suddenly materialized behind the old man, blooming with a dark blue spiritual light.

"roar!"

There was a roar. The sea water rolled up. The strata on the island collapsed on the spot. It exploded directly. It was terrifying.

Wang Ling It can be seen that this is the spirit of the old man's Dharma.

It proves that this old man's strength is at least at the ancestral level... equal to the strength of Peng Xiren he met earlier. Even the strength of the monk.

He is here to call the shots. He is not exerting all his strength. He is just playing.

With the fighting power of an ancestor-level strongman, it is directly like Star Wars to really show off the fists. It is a scene where the planet is smashed like a bowling ball.

Before the affairs of the Tengu were all sorted out, an ancestor-level strongman appeared. So what kind of master was the real master behind the Tengu?

Is there any connection between this matter and Bai Zhe?

Wang Ling held his chin up. He was not very curious.

He felt that the whole thing was more than what it seemed.

It is related to the Ancient Ones, the old Japanese creatures, and the Dragonborn led by Bai Zhe who currently serves as the leader of the Dragon Clan.

But these are things for later. We can only analyze them slowly after the matter is in-depth.

Just take the current battle situation as an example. Everything this old man who summoned a lion-headed fish body as a Dharma creature is doing is a planned situation.

The purpose is to create discord within the Office of Strategic Deception, Huaguo Shui Lian Group and Huaxiu Alliance, thereby achieving the effect of direct division and disintegration from within.

Therefore Wang Ling judged that this old man would not really kill Li Weiwei. In the end, he would definitely leave Li Weiwei's life to spread the message.

But the lives of the remaining soldiers on the island are not guaranteed...

At this time. Wang Ling sighed inwardly.

Unexpectedly, he came out to exchange for a snack. There were so many things.

A strong man from the ancestral realm bullies a group of cultivators from the earth who are protecting their home and country. This is really a bit too much. It can be called a complete lack of martial ethics.

"Will dad take action?" Wang Muyu looked at the picture projected by King's Eyes. The expression on his face showed excitement.

"Hmm..." Wang Ling nodded expressionlessly.

He didn't want to interfere.

But if the other party goes too far, he will eventually intervene in the matter.

It's just now. It seems that someone is one step ahead of him. Taking the stage...

...

As the leader of the border defense regiment of the sea border garrison, the moment Li Weiwei saw the spirit-sealing object being destroyed, he already knew that the old man in front of him was extremely powerful. He was far from a master that he could compete with.

Even though he was approaching his physical limit, he was constantly sweating out of fear. However, Li Weiwei still did not take a step back.

"Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!"

In the distance. Several self-defense psionic missiles launched by the Marine Immortal Mobile Team came accurately from a distance.

From the moment Li Weiwei launched the Nantian Archipelago's azimuth formation, the immortal mobile team had received the support signal. They immediately adjusted their cannon heads to lock on the enemy. The missiles were extremely fast, moving forward at dozens of times the speed of sound. The quasi-old man and the Tengu troops from behind came.

"You use this kind of scrap metal to deal with me. Don't you think too little of me?" The old man took a step forward. In a completely defenseless posture, he spread the sea mist to surround himself and the whole person. A Tengu troop.

Just after several missiles approached, the sea fog instantly surrounded it as if it was endowed with spirituality. In an instant, the missile was instantly disintegrated by the fog and turned into a withered bomb.

"I have withered sea fog to protect my body. Not to mention missiles like you. Even meteorites can't get close to me." He sneered. Even if he couldn't see the old man's face, Li Weiwei could feel the man's face under the mask. Arrogance and arrogance.

This is no longer an enemy that can be dealt with through normal means. The opponent's combat power is beyond the dimensional level. It is so powerful that it is outrageous. It may not even be from Earth.

For a time, Li Weiwei had a lot of thoughts in his mind, thinking about various possibilities.

The other soldiers on the island also gasped. They were all holding on. Even though they were not afraid of life and death, physical panic was still unavoidable.

The sense of oppression brought by this old man was too strong. He seemed to be a character from another universe, another world. He just stood in front of him and did nothing. It made their bodies stiff. It was as if they had been cast by some kind of immobilization spell, unable to move a step.

At the same time, they also knew very well that this old man definitely did not display his true strength. He was just playing.

"Whoosh!"

At this moment, another ear-piercing sound came from the sky.

The old man was completely used to it: "I said, you scraps of metal are useless."

He clasped his hands behind his back, looked aloof and arrogant, and paid no attention to the incoming "missiles". He held his chest high, as if he was ready to fight head-on.

This is a kind of arrogance revealed because he is confident enough in his own strength. He does not believe that anything can really hurt him.

So what if the Earth has been upgraded?

The strength level of these cultivators on earth is still difficult to surpass in a short period of time the level of the divine realm.

To put it ten thousand steps back, even if they are really cultivators from the God's Realm, he can still sweep them away.

So. He laughed.

"Come on. Let me see what other methods you have."

then.

Bang.

A figure. To be precise, it was a figure with a red sword aura. It dragged a fierce aura and accurately hit the old man's lower back with a head hammer.

The old man's face immediately became distorted. Several of his front teeth collapsed. With a loud sound, he vomited a large mouthful of blood.

At this moment, Li Weiwei and the soldiers behind him all showed horrified looks.

What did they see?

A woman wearing a nine-tailed fox mask...

Use your head to smash the old man's defense directly?





Chapter 1776 Blood Lotus Female Slaughter


This headbutt fell from the sky. The disguised sword energy of the nine-core Aohai really hit the old man's lower back like a meteorite. The old man felt a huge shock to his internal organs on the spot.

In the ranks of the Eternal Ones, he is known as the Siren. Although he came to help under instructions this time, he never expected that there would be another master with strength beyond the earth level.

"There is a master here..." The old man, known as the Siren, wiped the blue blood flowing from the corner of his mouth. He had no defense against the blow just now. But fortunately, he had a method to protect him. He looked very injured. Heavy. In fact, it is not difficult to recover.

He stared at the mysterious woman wearing a nine-tailed fox mask who fell from the sky in front of him, showing a rare expression of excitement. He is a famous martial arts fanatic. In his opinion, the overall level of cultivators on the earth is really weak.

Fighting against this group of people is like the bright moon versus ants. And now...the appearance of this mysterious woman has completely aroused his curiosity.

"Senior, this person is the Wang Meili mentioned in the previous information." At this time, a member of the Tengu echoed.

"So it's her." The Siren Master heard this and nodded slightly.

Before today's action, he had heard that there was a peerless master named "Wang Meili" in the Office of Strategic Deception. But he didn't expect to meet him so soon.

According to the instructions left to him by the employer behind the scenes, if he encounters this Wang Meili, he can not follow the rules and be executed on the spot.

He is a veritable siren. As long as there is a sea, he is invincible!

Buzz!

The next second, Sun Rong immediately felt that the lion head and fish tail behind the old man in front of him became terrifying. It expanded instantly and became taller. It was like a mountain, giving people a strong sense of oppression.

At the same time, there was a strange sound from all directions. It had some kind of incomprehensible sound of the great road. It was extremely complicated and mysterious.

When Sun Rong reacted, she found that the surrounding environment had changed. The troops on the island headed by Li Wei and the group of tengu brought by the Siren Master were gone.

Some are just accompanied by screams like sea monsters roaring all around. The purple water is constantly lapping at the shore. Even the sky is rendered purple.

"Core World?"

This is not the first time Sun Rong has entered someone else's core world. He soon realized that the Siren in front of him had already set up a battlefield and planned to show off his skills here.

His aura was very strong. It was more than hundreds of times stronger than before. There was a strange feeling all over his body.

This is deliberately releasing spiritual pressure on Sun Rong. In addition to deterring, it is also testing Sun Rong's background.

And when Siren Siren found that his temptation had no effect at all, he was shocked: "In my core world, you can still move? Tell me your name..."

As an eternal being, an existence that can look down upon the world forever. How many people on earth can withstand such spiritual pressure?

It would be impossible for an ordinary cultivator on earth to do it.

Therefore, Sir Siren concluded that the Wang Meiliang in front of him must also be an Eternal One.

"What benefit did the person behind you give you?" Sun Rong held the disguised red Aohai. He was not in a hurry to take action. He instinctively wanted to extract some information.

Siren Siren looked at Sun Rong's sword. At the same time, he was also guessing about Sun Rong's identity.

A Sword master holding a red sword...

He immediately thought of someone in his mind.

"It turns out it was you..."

Siren looked at Sun Rong. He took off his mask, revealing his old face with completely droopy skin. He had an expression that already knew everything: "Even if you don't want to take off your mask, I know it's you. Blood Lotus Female Butcher."

Blood Lotus Female Butcher?

"???"

Under the mask, Sun Rong's expression was a bit confused.

It’s not just Sun Rong. Even Wang Ling’s expression when watching the battle remotely is a bit blurry.

Because most of the Eternals are contained in the Corpse Map.

The Blood Lotus Female Slaughter mentioned by Siren Siren is indeed consistent with the characteristics of holding a red sword and being a Sword master.

But now. The Blood Lotus Female Butcher is being locked up in his Supreme Corpse Map...Wang Ling didn't expect that the Siren layman would complete the brainstorming directly at the scene of the duel with Sun Rong.

"You got the wrong person. I'm not."

The first time. Sun Rong naturally denied this identity.

Blood Lotus Female Butcher.

This name was really unpleasant. She couldn't accept it.

"No one can pretend in front of me. Although I have never met you, I am sure that you are the Blood Lotus Female Slaughterer. I wanted to avenge my brother, so I have been looking for you for a long time. I didn't expect you to join me in the form of Wang Meili. In a small sect on earth."

Siren layman sneered: "Just in time. Today, the great revenge will be avenged. I will kill you with my own hands. To avenge my dead brother..."

"I'll say it again. I'm really not the Blood Lotus Female Slayer..."

"The Blood Lotus Female Butcher loves to attack people's waists, especially men's waists. No matter how hard the holy body is, it can be pierced with one sword."

The Siren laughed and said, "My brother died in your hands! You can't even think of leaving here today!"

At this point, the old man's expression turned completely crazy.

He takes action.

Chi!

In an instant, a gap opened in his belly. An eternal iron chain anchor was directly pulled out of his body and flew into the sky!

In the distance, Wang Muyu was so nervous that he pinched the corners of Wang Ling's clothes. The speed of this eternal anchor was too fast. It distorted the void. It deformed everything at the moment of traveling. It was so fast that it surpassed an incomprehensible limit. speed.

This is not a magic weapon. It is refined from the organs in the old man's body.

Siren is one of the most demonic people in all eternity.

Wang Ling We have just received news from Li Xian and Zhang Zhui. Both of them claimed that this siren has strange ways and is a unique existence among the eternal beings.

But one thing is strange. That is that it is basically impossible for such a maverick person to become someone's subordinate. It is even less likely to be hired by anyone.

So now even Wang Ling is very curious. What benefits did the person standing behind the Siren Lord give this person?

This eternal anchor came through the sky. It was aimed at Sun Rong. It was full of murderous intent.

It seems cumbersome, but in fact it has its own spirituality. Ordinary avoidance will not work, because the anchor will automatically turn and lock the enemy.

Even if she holds the nine-core Aohai Sun Rong, she never dares to be careless. Although she has gone through several battles, it is still impossible to surpass these ancients in a short period of time in terms of combat experience.

At this time, her dress was fluttering, and three red sword auras disguised as Aohai appeared outside her body. She was cautious as she moved, aiming at the anchor and preparing to attack.

As a result, before the anchor even touched her body, the sword energy lingering outside her body had neatly cut it into tens of thousands of tofu pieces...





Chapter 1777 Red Lotus Valkyrie・Sun Rong


The Blood Lotus Female Slaughterer was extremely powerful. She really could not be compared with ordinary bastards. Seeing her anchor cut into pieces, the Siren's face looked slightly ugly, but she did not show the slightest fear.

He had already expected the strength of the "Blood Lotus Female Slaughter" in front of him. But he didn't expect that she could cut into pieces the magic weapon refined from his own organs so cleanly.

However, chopping up only one of his organs is ineffective because his organs have a regeneration mechanism. Unless they are all destroyed at the same time, they will continue to grow back.

"Is this anchor with a chain made of his intestines and stomach?" Glio City Fen Lei frowned and asked.

"I missed one." Wang Muyu also noticed it. He was originally worried whether Sun Rong could defeat the Siren. However, seeing her looking so at ease, he immediately relaxed.

"Missed one?" Glio City Fen Lei looked puzzled.

"It's just stomach stones." Wang Muyu answered seriously.

Stomach stones...

The look of astonishment on the face of Glio City Fenlei did not diminish. He could not believe it. He did not expect that cultivators from the eternal era could be so heartless and crazy. They would not even let go of stomach stones and could refine them into their own magic weapons.

But when he thought about it carefully, he felt that considering the way of thinking of the Eternal One, it was not strange to have such an idea.

Because you can basically stand in the queue of the Eternal Ones and become one of them. As the earliest batch of cultivators in the universe, the Eternal Ones are almost all at the point where their bodies are sanctified. Since they are sanctifying their bodies, they grow up. Stomach stones are not called gastric stones.

It's a kind of holy stone...

It is a very special substance that grows in the stomach.

In fact. Wang Ling I heard Li Xian and Zhang Zhui say it before. Many cultivators from the Eternal Period wish they had more holy stones in their bodies. Because the formation of holy stones is very complicated and they are rare materials used for refining weapons. 1. It can be taken out for personal use or sold. It will also have a certain market value throughout the ages.

It's just that it's relatively rare for people like Siren to directly combine their own holy stones with their internal organs to refine them into magic weapons.

The sea surface shrouded in purple spiritual light was filled with a chilling atmosphere.

Sun Rong is seriously waiting to complete the first round of the contest. However, the opponent is an Eternal. Even if she is lucky enough to use the sword energy lingering outside her body to cut the opponent's anchor into tofu in the first round. Grain...still don't let down your guard.

The lack of combat experience once made Sun Rong somewhat unconfident. This was also the reason why she did not dare to be careless.

It's never wrong to be cautious.

There was a burst of purple tide surrounded by sponges. It seemed to be a power originating from the deep sea. Along with the steaming mist, it turned into shadows in all directions.

Boom!

Not long after, the core world began to shake. Sun Rong saw terrifying purple giant tails slapping the sea surface all around.

That is the giant tail of a whale. It is as big as a hill. When it hits the sea, it creates thousands of waves. This is by no means an illusion. It is a purple whale summoned by the Siren.

It seems to have nothing to do with the way Siren layman uses his organs to refine magic weapons. But Wang Ling can see that these purple whales have been kept in his kidneys by Siren layman before.

The so-called kidney organ is water. If it is used by an eternal person like the Siren, its kidney organ can form a vast ocean of its own, and cultivate this sea into its own golden fishing ground, used to raise some special creatures in captivity.

"Boom!"

A large area of thunder and lightning erupted. Purple lightning shot up a huge thunder column on the sea. Along with the dense spider web-like electric streaks spread in all directions.

This is the Blue Sea Chaotic Whale, a mythical beast bred in chaos. However, its development and the number of summoned at the same time were too huge, which made Wang Ling who was watching the battle feel a little surprised.

From this point of view, the Siren is an out-and-out professional fish farmer. He can actually keep so many chaotic beasts in captivity in his kidneys. He can also summon them at the same time in one breathing room.

In terms of overall combat strength, Wang Ling feels that the strength of this Siren is even higher than that of Li Xian and Zhang Zhui.

"Roar..." The Blue Sea Thundering Whale is so ferocious. It swings its huge tail and rolls up waves and thunder on the sea. Then it suddenly jumps out of the sea and flies in the air. The metacercaria is dozens of feet high. A large piece of thunder is heading towards Sun Rong is overwritten.

Wherever it passed, everything was shattered into scorched earth.

The evil spirit is fierce. It cannot be said that it is not cruel.

Sun Rong didn't say a word. He just urged Aohai with his thoughts.

At that moment, Aohai's disguised red sword energy covered every part of Sun Rong's body. It bloomed on his body like the sun's fire. A huge red lotus appeared under Sun Rong's feet. Rise up. Slowly lift her up to the sky.

At this moment, the red lotus armor was added to her body. The girl was completely transformed at this moment. She became completely new.

"Red Lotus Valkyrie..." Siren Siren looked troubled. His face was extremely ugly. Although he had long expected that the Blood Lotus Maiden in front of him would be a very troublesome Eternal One, he did not think that his combat power was no match for her.

Until this moment. He seemed to realize the seriousness of the problem.

This is the new form brought to Sun Rong by Aohai's red disguised sword energy. Even Sun Rong himself did not expect that he would actually get a brand new skin...

Previously, after merging with Aohai Human Sword, she had obtained the "Blue Sea Tide Immortal Skirt Skin Form" and the "Nine-Core Powered Motorcycle Skin Form" under the blessing of nine-core Aohai.

Sun RongI didn’t expect that I would change again today.

At this moment, she was rising above the sky. The red lotus under her feet bloomed with infinite lotus.

There was a buzzing sound. Sun Rong slashed out with a sword. Wherever the red sword energy passed, the entire space of the core world began to collapse! Countless cracks appeared while it was crumbling.

At the same time, large amounts of blood splashed out. These terrifying giant beasts rolling in the sea were all split into two and turned into minced pepper fish heads.

"I'm a whale in the blue sea..." Siren Siren couldn't imagine that the Blood Lotus Female Butcher was so powerful.

With just one sword, he cut all the twelve Blue Sea Mixed Whales in captivity into two halves.

Sun Rong did not attack the Siren directly. She could feel the power surging in her hand. Therefore, she controlled the power very carefully. She did not want to kill the Siren directly.

This man must know many secrets. If you can help Wang Ling capture him alive, you may be able to learn a lot of information.

So she manipulated the sword energy to attack this core world.

At the moment when the sword energy penetrated and chopped up the Blue Sea Thundering Whale and invaded the core world, causing a large number of gaps, the damage caused by the backlash immediately made the Siren's face turn pale and he knelt on the ground.

His expression changed on the spot.

The power of Sun Rong's Aohai Red Lotus Sword Qi shook his core world to pieces...





Chapter 1778 The Shield of the Liver Emperor


The red lotus is shocking to the world. Who is responsible for the ups and downs!

Sun Rong slashed through the core world with one sword. Infinite flames appeared around his body, with a kind of blazing light and heat. It was dazzling and full of intimidation.

The Siren's color changed on the spot. He would never have thought that this was the "void sword energy" displayed by Aohai combined with the passive ability of "human sword unity". It was constructed with illusion, but it gave people an extremely real feeling.

Therefore, the Void Sword Qi is also called the real and illusory sword.

Unable to see through this, the Kraken layman further confirmed in his mind that Sun Rong was the legendary Blood Lotus Female Slaughter. The Blood Lotus Female Slaughter originally majored in fire magic. She was also a Sword master with the fire spirit root.

Among all the ancients, apart from the Blood Lotus Female Slayer, which other female Sword master can reach such a level...

For a moment, the Siren Siren was frightened and thought of many things. He thought that the Blood Lotus Female Butcher was not his opponent back then. But now she not only joined the Office of Strategic Deception, but also changed her identity as "Wang Meili". The identity of an ordinary earthly cultivator has successfully established itself on the earth.

Such a powerful person is in the Office of Strategic Deception. How can people in the Office of Strategic Deception not feel his presence?

Siren Siren kept thinking in his mind.

He thought about it over and over. Suddenly he came up with an extremely terrifying answer.

That is the possibility that the Office of Strategic Deception... is not composed of regular earth cultivators at all! Maybe the core members inside are all Eternals!

As for Lord Diu Lei, the famous "death-seeking senior" on earth, he just used this identity as a cover. As the leader of the sect, he has the identity of the Eternal One. The Siren believes that he has been completely confirmed.

The Eternal One has always been aloof and arrogant. How could he agree to accept someone weaker than himself as the head of the sect and bend down to do things under his hands?

This Blood Lotus female butcher is so powerful. In the Office of Strategic Deception, she is just an elder named "Wang Meili."

So...

The remaining core members of the Office of Strategic Deception. Who among the Eternals are there?

Thinking of this, the cold sweat on Siren's cheeks continued to flow down.

He thought about this frightening possibility. In an instant, he felt like everything was explained.

No wonder the Office of Strategic Deception has become the only super sect surpassing all heaven-level sects on earth in a short period of time...

No wonder the Office of Strategic Deception can take the lead in handover with the Heavenly Dao planet, communicate with those extraterrestrial visitors, and establish normal diplomatic relations.

It turns out that the root cause...

Among the core members behind the Office of Strategic Deception. It is likely that a group of Eternals are operating!

"During the battle. Are you still thinking about other things?" Sun Rong's voice was cold. He stared at the disintegrated core world. And the Siren layman who vomited blood due to the collapse of the core world.

She was not slow and unhurried. She was confirming the current injuries of the Siren to ensure that the force of her next blow would not kill him in one blow.

It is necessary to keep people alive.

Because Sun Rong feels that Siren Siren must know a lot of things. Maybe there is a more powerful person behind Siren Siren.

Buzz!

The red lotus sword energy swept across, pierced the void, and illuminated the sky. The Siren stared at his pale face and pulled out a glazed metal shield from his body. This sword energy directly hit the metal shield, and a dazzling beam of light erupted.

Cracks appeared instantly on it.

This was transformed by the liver of the Siren. As a liver emperor among the cultivators back then, he stayed up late to cultivate and temper his liver. The liver was sacrificed to become the indestructible metal shield it is today.

Over the past ten thousand years, I don't know how many fatal attacks I have withstood for him without any damage. I didn't expect that the battle with this "Blood Lotus Female Slaughter" would actually give him a split liver!

puff!

The Siren vomited a large mouthful of blood. Both hands holding up the shield were convulsing. The sting was extremely painful. Sun Rong's sword energy was too strong. It was transmitted through the penetration of the shield. Even if it was blocked by the Shield of the Liver Emperor Most of it. However, the remaining power is enough for Siren to drink a pot.

If it weren't for the Liver Emperor's Shield, the Siren felt that the blow just now was enough to kill him. He would have been chopped to pieces by the sword energy!

The next second.

He retreated. He retreated at a high speed. He fled the scene decisively. The core world was shattered on the spot. Like a broken mirror.

The purple water all turned back to its original blue. Commander Li Weiwei's garrison troops and the Tengu army reappeared. The Siren abandoned his armor and turned into a fish and walked through the seabed. When Sun Rong reacted. The breath is already far away.

"Captain Li. I am Wang Meili from the Office of Strategic Deception. I am here to help you." After leaving the core world, Sun Rong immediately identified himself with Li Weiwei.

She didn't say much. She immediately controlled the sea water to immobilize all the tengu in front of her with water. She turned into a stream of light and jumped into the seabed to chase the siren.

This time, the Siren Master was really frightened.

He had obviously slipped out far away. He never expected that a female butcher named Blood Lotus, who majored in fire magic, could move better than him underwater...

Are you so unconventional these days?

"You are a fire practitioner. Why can you swim faster than me?" When the figure of Sun Rong gradually approached him, the Siren's face turned white with fear. At the same time, his heart was trembling.

Blood Lotus Girl Tu was too powerful... far beyond what he thought.

What kind of resources did the group of Eternals in the Office of Strategic Deception consume? Can they reach such a point?

He felt incredible. He swung the fish's tail wildly with all his strength. Sun Rong was chasing after him. For a while, two long water lines were dragged up on the sea surface, one in front and one behind, like two water dragons.

This woman is so terrible.

The siren couldn't believe it at all.

He was clearly a person who was firmly suppressed by him back then. Not only did he come from behind and break his core world with a sword, but he also chased him and beat him hard, leaving him in such a mess.

He gritted his teeth and secretly swore that revenge would be necessary in this battle, and he would redouble his efforts to repay the "Blood Lotus Female Slaughter" and the people from the Office of Strategic Deception.

And the premise is that he must escape this disaster and bring the information back alive. He must not let himself be caught.

What made Sun Rong unexpected was that under his fierce pursuit, the Siren layman finally gave up the resistance and stopped taking a step forward.

I saw the other party cut open his stomach, took out his heart and held it in his hand: "I will never let you catch me! I am more ruthless than you. You, a girl, are a little too tender."

As soon as he finished speaking, the Siren immediately squeezed his hand and burst his heart like a balloon right in front of Sun Rong.

"Dead...dead..."

Looking at the seawater stained with blood, Sun Rong was stunned. She wanted to catch him alive, but she didn't expect to force the Siren to death. For a moment, she blamed herself.

...

On the other side, after seeing the heroic scene of Siren committing suicide, Wang Ling also withdrew his gaze.

Glio City Fen Lei looked confused: "Just die like that? Impossible, right?"

Wang Ying's voice came from the side. He manifested his body, leaning against the wall with his arms folded. He sneered: "The eternal man is going to die. How can it be so easy?"

Glio City Fen Lei: "That's right...most of these powerful people have the means to resurrect."

Wang Ying: "It's not a means. It's just a privilege left by Dao Ancestor Wang. Have you forgotten the Abandoned Land and the Cat in the Abandoned Land?"

Hearing this, Glio City Fen Lei suddenly understood. He instantly understood what Wang Ying meant: "I understand! Master of Shadows means. The other party deliberately committed suicide. In fact, he wanted to enter the land abandoned by the gods. Get rid of tracking? "

"Yes. It is a privileged place for Dao God and above. You can consume your own cultivation. You can choose a place to be reborn. It can be regarded as a method of self-preservation like a gecko cutting off its tail."

After Wang Ying finished speaking, he couldn't help but curl his lips: "It's just that he probably didn't expect that the bronze cat in the God's Forsaken Land is also from our side."

"Hahaha. Isn't that just throwing yourself into a trap?" Glio City Fen Lei laughed.

"So I just went to the Land Abandoned by the Gods to say hello to the bronze cat." Wang Ying: "I want it. Resurrection of this siren according to the rules. Let's see where he will choose to be reborn. ."

Glio City Fen Lei: "Is this fishing?"

Wang Ying nodded: "Of course I'm fishing. And... this is what the Lord meant."





Chapter 1779 Servants from the Origin of the Universe


After successfully completing the transaction with the Bronze Cat, the Siren was randomly reborn in a corner of the earth. He quickly escaped from the earth and headed towards the outer galaxy.

He calculated that he might be captured at his rebirth point, so he chose this more roundabout method.

Originally, his action was to split the Office of Strategic Deception and the Huaxiu Alliance. As long as the hundreds of garrison troops on the island were destroyed, it would create the illusion that there was an internal conspiracy within the Office of Strategic Deception. It would be possible to make the other parties suspicious of each other. Create a divisive situation.

However, what he never expected was that his plan was defeated by the "Blood Lotus Female Slaughter". And he also discovered a more important matter than splitting the Office of Strategic Deception.

That is, the core members of the Office of Strategic Deception are most likely hidden Eternal Ones!

After flying in the universe for a long time, a point of light traveled from a long distance and finally transformed into a mysterious man wearing a golden robe in front of the Siren's eyes. His face could not be seen clearly.

His face is a golden whirlpool. It is as deep as the stars in the universe. Looking at it will make people feel lost.

When traveling from the universe, as soon as I took a step, a terrifying wave came from the deep starry sky nearby. It shook the stars all around the universe and shook it. The space in all directions was constantly cracking. There was a complete sense of oppression.

The Siren quickly looked away. He did not dare to look directly at the opponent. He only bowed to the opponent respectfully. Looking at the toes of the visitor, he said: "Lord Holy Lord, I am really unworthy of His Highness the Holy King in this battle..."

After saying this, he was about to kneel down and kowtow, but was stopped by a force.

Immediately, a hollow, insubstantial and ethereal voice sounded from the mind of Siren Siren: "Mr. Siren, there is no need to be like this. His Highness the Holy King did not blame you. Besides, this time, you did a good job in this temptation."

Silently, the Siren Demon felt a warm force coming from between his eyebrows. It turned out to be the mysterious man known as the Holy Lord, who stretched out his index finger and tapped his forehead lightly.

"This is..." Siren Siren couldn't believe it. A brand-new power came out of his body. It was continuously generated. In just a moment, it replaced him with the bronze cat in the land abandoned by the gods. The damaged cultivation level is restored instantly.

More than that. He felt that he was stronger than before!

"This power... thank you, Lord Holy King!" He was very excited. He clasped his fists and bowed: "Lord Holy Lord! If I go there again now, I will surely kill the Blood Lotus Girl!"

"This is a gift from His Majesty the Holy King. You don't have to worry about it or be eager to make meritorious deeds. Everything is within His Majesty's plan."

The mysterious man said.

He was standing in front of the Siren. It seemed that the power of one person could destroy nine heavens and ten earths.

Such power seems to represent a force from the origin of the universe...

However, such a person is just a servant of the Holy King.

[Reading Benefits] Send you a cash red envelope! Follow vx public [Book Friends Base Camp] to receive it!

So how strong is the Holy King?

Siren layman was surprised. He had always wanted to find an opportunity to see the true face of the Holy King with his own eyes. Unfortunately...he never had this opportunity.

He had lost three hundred lifetimes of cultivation in the land abandoned by the gods. The other party could restore it to him in the blink of an eye.

How much strength it has is really unimaginable.

After a moment of silence, the Siren layman asked: "Then, Lord Holy King, do you have any new arrangements next?"

"His Royal Highness the Holy King has already thought of a way."

This holy servant said: "Since these people have become eternal beings and are dormant on the earth, they are naturally bound by the laws of the earth... and the most inseparable thing for the operation of the sect is money."

"I understand. Everything must be obeyed by His Highness the Holy King..."

...

At the same time, on the other side, this scene was watched by Wang Ling and others in the hotel.

I have to admit that Siren Siren is still a smart person. He expected that he might be tracked, so he randomly chose a rebirth point before taking action.

However, it is a pity that the other party was blocked by this golden vortex face, who was called the servant of the Holy Lord, halfway through.

After Wang Ling withdrew his gaze, Wang Ying felt particularly unhappy.

"What's the origin of this group of people?" Wang Ying frowned.

He doesn't have Wang Ling's King's Eyes. And even with his combat power, he can't even see through this face blocked by the golden vortex.

"It's a pity. We almost found the opponent's lair." Glio City Fenlei continued: "But fortunately, we are not completely without gains. At least we know their next move."

"Judging from the current situation, the biggest manipulator behind Tengu is this Holy King. He is far away in the universe and the Milky Way, but he is controlling things inside the earth."

"Now they have mentioned money. The next step is that they want to manipulate the Tengu side and try to start a money war with us."

"But Uncle Diu Lei has always made money from Heavenly Dao broccoli! Do they still want to boycott broccoli?" Wang Muyu muttered to the side, acting like a young adult.

"Silly boy. If you want to cause a huge blow to assets in the short term, I'm afraid it's not enough to target special industries." Glio City Fen Lei touched Wang Muyu's little head: "My main concern now is that they I will do something about the spiritual stone."

As the main raw material for the production of immortal gold, spiritual stone resources have always been the focus of competition between major cultivators.

Of course. As one of the largest natural resources on earth, every country has a certain reserve of natural spiritual stones. In fact, in order to promote environmental protection, the raw material spiritual stones used by major cultivation countries to produce immortal gold are all artificially developed. become.

The method of development is also very simple. As long as spiritual power is injected into a specific machine, artificial spiritual stones can be generated.

Of course. To generate a one-kilogram artificial spiritual stone, at least 1,000 cultivators of Golden Core or above need to continuously inject spiritual power for one hour. After repeated purification, it can reach such a standard.

If the Tengu achieves the purpose of monopolizing spiritual stones by acquiring external spiritual stones, then the cost of external production of immortal gold will increase, and the value will be even lower than before... As one of the main currencies for transactions in the cultivation world Once the value of immortal gold decreases, it means that many sects that have been established based on the accumulation of immortal gold will be under great threat.

And the Office of Strategic Deception. is within range.

"Of course. Ling Zhenren, Master of Shadows. The above are just my personal guesses. How it works is not yet known. I just think that we should take precautions as soon as possible."

"It is not easy to be prepared. Although it is not easy to produce artificial spiritual stones, it is mainly because it is difficult for cultivators to inject spiritual power into large-scale production." Wang Ying smiled and said, "But if there is a humanoid money printing machine, it will be different. "

"Master of Shadows, you mean..."

At this time, several people present focused their attention on Wang Ling.

Wang Ling: "..."

Wang Ying: "Let the Lord make artificial spiritual stones. We will produce as much as they buy. Look at the back. It is they who lose or we lose."





Chapter 1780 I crossed the mountains and the sea. Just for...


Helped Li Weiwei to get out of the siege smoothly. Sun Rong quickly returned to the immortal boat. Butler Lin was completely dumbfounded...

Although he did not see the specific process of the battle clearly. He only roughly knew that Sun Rong and the Siren Master seemed to have been sucked into a different space to fight at the beginning of the battle.

Then within a few minutes, Sun Rong and the Siren Master reappeared.

And then. There will be no more...

Butler Lin saw Sun Rong dive into the sea and start chasing and beating the siren.

What did he see?

A cultivator in the Foundation Building stage is chasing a master with extraordinary combat power and unknown realm...

And directly forced people to commit suicide...

Even if it's an over-level counter-attack, you still have to follow the basic law!

"Miss...you..."

"Haha. I hope Uncle Lin will keep it a secret for me today." Sun Rong stuck out his tongue and tried to pass the test in a cute way: "It's not that I am strong. My master's spiritual sword is very powerful. Basically, if you hold the spirit sword After the sword, I was possessed by my master's divine power. Basically, the subsequent battles were actually controlled by my master's spiritual sword."

"So that's it!" Butler Lin nodded. He firmly believed in Sun Rong's words.

He grew up watching Sun Rong. He knows that lying is not Sun Rong's character. And indeed, this is the only explanation that can reasonably explain why a Foundation Building period can chase after so many masters who exceed its own level.

As for the possession by the sword spirit mentioned by Sun Rong, although Butler Lin has never experienced it, it is not difficult to understand.

# Send888 Cash Red Envelope# Follow vx. Official account [Book Friends Base Camp]. Watch popular masterpieces. Draw 888 cash red envelopes!

To put it bluntly, this is the legendary "substitute attack!"

"My Sun family is really lucky that Miss can have such a strong person as her teacher this time!" Butler Lin bowed and said respectfully: "It's just Miss. I have one last question..."

"Uncle Lin said it's okay."

"Why didn't the lady tell the master about this?"

"Because...Master, she has always been used to keeping a low profile..."

Sun Rong tried his best to say with a smile: "This time she accepts me as a disciple. It is also a closed disciple. She doesn't plan to announce it to the outside world."

"And my master is most afraid of being polite. If grandpa knew about this, she would arrange for people to come and deliver a bunch of gifts. I'm afraid it would cause trouble to the master. What's more, the master is like a cloud to worldly things. A woman who treats money like dirt..."

"Oh. Got it."

Butler Lin also laughed: "As expected of you, Miss. The people I like are low-key people."

Hearing these words, Sun Rong immediately turned his head and turned his face to the window: "I went to Glio City this time... to see the wooden fish. Not for him..."

In response to this obvious quibble, Butler Lin still smiled and said nothing: "I discovered a problem."

"What?"

"I found that good friends can also infect each other. I don't know why. Ever since the young lady became friends with Miss Jiugong Liangzi of the Jiugong family, I always felt that what the young lady said was somewhat duplicitous."

"..."

Sun Rong found that there was nothing left to talk about today. It was only because Lao Lin knew her so well.

But it doesn't matter. Now as long as Lao Lin doesn't tell Wang Meili's story, it will be fine.

She wasn't sure how long she could hide it.

I even thought about whether to directly erase Lao Lin's memory.

However, after careful consideration, she felt that it would be better to have a trustworthy semi-informed person in the Sun family.

And Butler Lin is actually a very good candidate.

The immortal boat passed through layers of clouds and mist in the sky. Just before it arrived at Glio City, Sun Rong heard Lao Lin suddenly say something to herself again. He said as if he was deliberately giving her a reassurance. : "Thank you, Miss, for telling me these things. Please rest assured, Miss. I will definitely not tell anything about Miss Wang."

"Young lady is willing to tell me. You must really trust me. But I also need to remind you that not everyone in our group is trustworthy..."

"I see."

Sun Rong nodded and said, "Uncle Lin, don't be too pretentious. It's no different from directly naming someone... You are referring to Jiang Xiaoche."

"Yes."

Butler Lin nodded and spoke bluntly: "This time, the matter about Master Muyu was leaked. The master has already found out. He cannot be separated from it. But... I was thinking of old friendship, so I didn't punish him directly."

"Why."

Sun Rong sighed: "Jiang Xiaoche. In fact, he is just a bit stupid...it is too easy to fall into a trap and be used by others. If you want to say that he is particularly bad, it seems that he is not. He underestimated the danger of the Tengu gang. sex."

Butler Lin nodded: "This time, the lady's whereabouts were leaked. There were also reports from individual employees within the group. It was he who leaked the information."

Sun Rong: "It is not Jiang Xiaoche's character to commit crimes against the wind. But after all, my trip abroad was all planned by him. I was ambushed by the Tengu on the road. It must be inseparable from him."

"What the lady is saying is that within the group, there are many people who covet his position as secretary-general. According to the original plan, the secretary-general should be accompanying him on this overseas trip."

Butler Lin said: "But in the end, the master still chose me to protect the safety of the young lady. This is actually a hint. I just hope that he will not be so confused in the future."

"Uncle Lin is right."

This heart-to-heart talk made Sun Rong not think deeply deep in his heart.

Speaking of which, Jiang Xiaoche was also her playmate who grew up with her. And in fact, she was not unable to detect Jiang Xiaoche's feelings for her... But sometimes, emotions are a very complicated thing. There is no feeling. Just no feeling.

She knew very well that she would never fall in love with Jiang Xiaoche in her life. At most, she would treat him as her brother.

But in recent days, Jiang Xiaoche has repeatedly acted arrogantly. In the final analysis, she thought it was jealousy that was at work...

We must find a solution as soon as possible.

Thinking from the perspective of a childhood friend, she really didn't want Jiang Xiaoche to make the same mistake again and again.

"Uncle Lin, do you think we should let him find a wife as soon as possible? It would be better to settle down..." Sun Rong said, "You should have a lot of connections in this regard, right?"

"I can give it a try." Butler Lin nodded.

Among the spin-off industries of the Huaguo Shui Lian Group, such as variety shows in the entertainment industry, it is actually managed by Butler Lin. He has a lot of resources for Zhenren Show under his control.

The idea put forward by Sun Rong coincides with that of Butler Lin. He really thinks that after returning to China, he can find a dating Zhenren show or a love-seeking variety show as soon as possible and arrange it for Jiang Xiaoche.

...

On the other side, Chen Chao, Guo Hao, Li Youyue and Fang Xing officially arrived in Glio City. And under the arrangement of the Huaguo Shui Lian Group, they stayed in a chain hotel.

"When will the Boss Sun board arrive? I have crossed the mountains and the sea. Not just to do my homework here..."

Next door. When Chen Chao's familiar voice came, Wang Ling immediately trembled.

Good guy...

This group of people directly surrounded him.





Chapter 1781 The little dragon man who makes a living by being cute


In the past, Wang Ling had an unsociable personality and suffered from mild social phobia. He was extremely repelled by the feeling of being crowded together.

But now he found that his temper seemed to have been softened a little bit.

At least when facing Chen Chao and Guo Hao. When facing these classmates who I get along with every day and can be called familiar, I no longer have that strange feeling from the bottom of my heart.

After all, Wang Ling feels that in his heart, he still longs to have a few friends...

They don't have to be too strong. They don't have to be rich. They just need to be kind-hearted people who live a positive and loving life.

It seems quite interesting to have this group of people around, even just listening to them having fun.

# Send888 Cash Red Envelope# Follow vx. Official account [Book Friends Base Camp]. Watch popular masterpieces. Draw 888 cash red envelopes!

After sensing the movement next door, Wang Ling was hesitating whether to say hello.

At this time, Wang Muyu took the initiative to stretch out his little hand and held the corner of his clothes: "Brother Ling, do you want to go and see it together?"

The little guy was obviously encouraging him. And he was smart enough to change his title.

Wang Ling found that he could not resist Wang Muyu's star eye attack. Finally, he held the little guy's little hand and walked out of the suite.

"I won't go to Ling Zhenren. Please pay attention to the text message about dinner. I will arrange it for you." Fen Lei from Glio City is a very discerning clone. I want to go if I see Wang Ling Looking for classmates. Immediately decided to leave space for Wang Ling.

The task he received was to be responsible for the daily life and food of Wang Ling in Glio City during this period, and to assist in the investigation of matters related to the Tengu lair.

This time Wang Ling will go to meet his classmates. He just has the opportunity to team up with Wang Ying to investigate everything that can be investigated.

Clone + Shadow. This combination is just right to send out on missions.

It's like sending a teammate to mine in an RPG game and making stew by yourself. The behavior of the water world chat channel is the same.

...

With Sun Rong's wealthy character, he prepared a suite for each of the four people who came to Glio City. The suite was filled with a variety of snacks, desserts, iced drinks and even a self-service miniature gathering. The array is used to assist practice.

Wang Ling came to Chen Chao's room. At this moment, several people were laughing and chatting in the room. The chat was lively.

As soon as he arrived at the door, he heard Chen Chao's silver bell-like laughter: "Hahahaha. Tell me, will Boss Sun arrange us in the same hotel as Wang Ling? Maybe. Wang Ling is right next door to us. He might be surrounded by us."

The first person to fall silent was Fang Xing.

As one of Wang Ling's biggest fans, he could smell Wang Ling's scent as soon as he entered the hotel.

"..."

And Wang Ling, who was standing at the door, obviously fell into silence at this time.

And. For the 10,086th time, I resisted the urge to kill Chen Chao...

"Do you think this is a game of Go..."

Guo Hao shrugged. He couldn't believe it.

"Anyway, no matter where classmate Wang Ling is, we can't forget our actions this time." Li Youyue said with a mysterious smile.

Several people were flirting in the room. It was obvious that they had already thought of a comprehensive assist plan.

And we made preparations early on the way to Glio City by immortal boat.

Just waiting for the plan to be implemented.

However, it is not easy to ensure that the plan is implemented.

Wang Ling remembers that every time he goes out with Sun Rong, as long as someone is following him, something will definitely happen.

This may be the legendary butterfly effect.

"Bang bang bang!"

At this moment, there was a polite knock on the door in Chen Chao's apartment.

But it wasn't Wang Ling who knocked on the door.

He originally wanted to observe again at the door.

As a result, the little guy next to him looked like he couldn't wait. After knocking on the door, he quickly used the star eye attack on him. Most of Wang Ling's inner desire to complain was instantly eliminated.

Wang Ling found that this little guy Wang Muyu seemed to have found a shortcut to deal with him.

"Who?"

At this time, Guo Hao took the initiative to stand up and opened the door. He was still wearing the short-sleeved shirt "My Family Has Mines". As soon as he opened the door, he was pleasantly surprised to see Wang Ling and Wang Muyu, one large and one small, neatly dressed. Qi. Standing at the door very obediently.

"I'm going... Chen Chao got it right again! It's really Wang Ling!" Guo Hao looked surprised. He quickly welcomed Wang Ling and Wang Muyu into the door.

The moment everyone saw the little guy, everyone looked like they were overwhelmed by Wang Muyu's cuteness.

Wang Ling It is really rare to see Chen Chao and Guo Hao, two steely straight men, looking at a six-year-old child with his face flushed by cuteness. They look like two idiots.

In this room, only Fang Xing, a core member of the Office of Strategic Deception, knows Wang Muyu's true identity.

"Hello, brother. Sisters." Wang Muyu greeted politely.

With a face that was exactly the same as Wang Ling, he used that completely different personality to cater to Chen Chao and others. It gave everyone at the scene an unreal feeling.

It is obviously very similar to Wang Ling. But they know that it is indeed a different individual from Wang Ling.

"Ah. This is what Rongrong is talking about. The younger brother Wang Muyu, the cousin of classmate Wang Ling, right? He's so cute!!" Li Youyue couldn't hold back. She spread her hands to hug Wang Muyu. The little guy wasn't polite either. With a pop, his body went limp and he fell into the arms of the female high school student. He even rubbed his head on Li Youyue's shoulder, making Li Youyue blush for a while.

This proactive offensive was too foul. Li Youyue collapsed: "I...I can do it!"

"What's okay?" Chen Chao and Guo Hao were puzzled.

"Little Muyu! Do you want to think about it...my sister can wait for you to grow up..."

Everyone: "..."

Guo Hao persuaded with sincerity: "Ahem...Classmate Li Youyue. As the only female high school student here, you have to be reserved. Muyu is still young and needs to be taken care of. You will scare the children."

"Hey. I'm sorry. I really want a younger sister or younger brother...but my parents have always said that raising me is already hard enough. I don't want a second child."

Li Youyue hugged Wang Muyu and sighed: "But now that I see the wooden fish, I think I can do it again. When I go back, I must persuade my parents to get another one!"

Everyone in the small room was sighing.

"Hey. I didn't expect Lingzi's younger brother to be so unrestrained. I even wonder if Muyu is the cousin of classmate Wang Ling... Why does it feel so unreal." Chen Chao laughed.

Wang Muyu is a living little social butterfly. As for being cute and increasing his favorability. Wang Ling feels that no one can resist Wang Muyu’s offensive.

"Okay. Now that everyone has seen the wooden fish, why don't we go to the hotel restaurant to have something to eat first. Boss Sun encountered something on the boardwalk. She just told me. She said immediately." At this time, Fang Xing suggested.

He is the only insider here. Naturally, he will try his best to control the situation and avoid letting the topic be brought into dangerous links.

Otherwise, with Chen Chao's bad mouth, the truth can come out...





Chapter 1782 Office of Strategic Deception has a beautiful girl


Inside the Wisdom Tree, news about the defeat of the Siren Master soon came out. The Eight-Star Tengu, nicknamed Ba Ye, told everyone present the instructions passed down from the peak.

For a moment, everyone seemed a little disheartened. They thought that the plan to split the Office of Strategic Deception would go smoothly. Who knew that such an inexplicable and previously unheard-of master would appear outside the meeting.

It can be said that Wang Meili's appearance was an accident. It was Cheng Yaojin who came out halfway and stood in the way, breaking all the plans that the Tengu tried to implement.

"Senior Siren, the layman, was defeated by that beautiful king. "

"It's her again..."

"What is the origin of this woman? Where did she come from?"

"Based on the reliable information provided by Emperor Zun and the combat records of Siren Siren. The current information that can be determined is that this person is called Wang Meiliang, an elder from the Office of Strategic Deception. It is very likely that he is the same as Emperor Zun and Siren Siren. They are both Eternal Ones. In the Eternal Period, they were called the Blood Lotus Female Slaughters." Master Ba said.

"Blood Lotus Girl Slaughter?!" At the scene, all the Tengu were in an uproar. No one expected that this Wang Meili was actually an Eternal One.

But thinking about it carefully, it seems that this is the only explanation that can explain why Wang Meiliang has the strength to defeat the Siren, who is also the Eternal One.

The true combat power of these Eternals is far beyond the conceptual scope of cultivators on Earth. They are existences that can easily use the planet as a bowling ball.

The reason why the Tengu have been able to grow and develop unscrupulously over the years is because everyone has full confidence in their hearts. They know that behind them there is a big boss, the Eternal One, who far exceeds the actual level of the earth's cultivators.

And Siren Siren is an Eternal One that they know well and the Emperor knows well.

A Five-Star Tengu said: "It seems that everything can be explained now. I asked why this Office of Strategic Deception can form such a big development trend in a short period of time. It turns out that there is an Eternal One behind it. .."

Ba Ye crossed his fingers and held his chin: "You are wrong. The background behind the Office of Strategic Deception is probably deeper than we imagined."

"What does this mean?"

"According to what Senior Siren Siren said, unless there is great benefit, it is impossible for the proud Eternal One to stoop to work under the hands of others. Siren Siren and Emperor Zun are very good friends. That's why he has this reason to help us. Busy...then why is this Blood Lotus Female Slaughterer an elder in the Office of Strategic Deception?"

"Maybe they are also friends. Like guests or something like that?"

"Since we are friends, then just help in the name of a friend. Wearing the skin of a beautiful earth cultivator, you can hide your identity as the Blood Lotus Female Slayer for a while. You are willing to hide in the Office of Strategic Deception and become a Elder, don't you think it's strange?" Master Ba said.

"This..."

At this point, everyone suddenly realized.

"Master Ba is right." Immediately, many people began to nod.

They thought about the behemoth hidden behind the Office of Strategic Deception. They all became a little panicked for a while: "So if that's the case... wouldn't there be many eternal beings hidden behind the Office of Strategic Deception. Even the Office of Strategic Deception Lord Diu Lei, the leader of the Deception Sect, and the elders of the core group may be the ones!"

"So. This is also what Senior Siren Siren is most worried about."

Under the mask, Ba Ye's expression was particularly solemn. His tone was low. Everyone could feel a secret tension as he spoke: "Although Senior Siren's action failed this time, we at least tested the Office of The foundation of Strategic Deception. Avoid direct losses from head-on confrontation."

"The opponent may have at least ten Eternals in their hands. Can we really resist?"

"Heh. Are you looking down on Emperor Zun?"

Ba Ye laughed: "Emperor never said that. His only friend is Senior Siren...and I have already received the news. In the future, Emperor will continue to send more than 20 Eternals to support him openly and secretly." I'll wait."

"Furthermore, Emperor Zun thought that the Office of Strategic Deception must be crushed first, and its economic network must be destroyed first. Therefore, the senior Eternal One sent to us by Akari is also a master in this field..."

"What kind of senior is he?"

"This senior's eternal nickname is: Stone Pointer. As the name suggests, he has a way to turn wasteland into spiritual stones. This is much faster than inputting spiritual power into a spiritual stone making machine."

Mr. Ba said: "With the great help of this senior stone master, we can cash out the spiritual stones created by selling the stone master. We will be able to continuously expand the capital without any losses. Finally, we will have a monopoly." The entire earth's spiritual stones. Depressing the value of immortal gold."

"So that's it. Are you going to short-sell the Office of Strategic Deception?" A six-star tengu said in surprise: "But after all, there are eternal beings in the Office of Strategic Deception. If they send the eternal beings to input spiritual power, use the spiritual stone making machine to create Will the spiritual stone... be a hedge against us?"

"It's impossible to hedge." Master Ba shook his head: "The steps for making spiritual stones on Earth are complicated. After inputting the spiritual power, it needs to be repeatedly purified to form the spiritual stone. Although the spiritual power in the Eternal One's body is like the sea, they are, after all, He is a person from the ages. The energy in his body consists of more than just spiritual power..."

"Such a complex energy composition. It is impossible to analyze it with the spiritual stone manufacturing equipment on the earth. Unless there is a person who can continuously produce pure spiritual power. And he can continue to output it regardless of the cost."

Ba Ye smiled and said: "Such a person, as everyone here should know very well, does not exist at all. Using the spirit stone making machine to continuously produce spirit stones, and continuing to input spiritual power without rest will waste your lifespan."

"Even if it is a ready-made spirit stone manufacturing factory, it must follow a reasonable rotation mechanism."

"There's no way anyone would be stupid enough to squeeze themselves dry in a place like this."

"What Master Ba said makes sense. Squeeze yourself dry. This is not good for your kidneys."

In the field, all the tengu burst into laughter. The originally tense atmosphere gradually began to relax.

"Don't worry, everyone. Emperor Zun and I promised that the senior Eternal One who is coming to our aid this time will definitely bring down the Office of Strategic Deception. In addition to the Stone Pointer just introduced to Akari, there are also senior Eternal Ones. Quite a few. Let me introduce them to you later."

"As for the secret senior Eternal One..."

"Where are these seniors?"

"As far as I know, they are already well lurking among cultivators on Earth. And like the beautiful Blood Lotus female butcher disguised as the king, they have an excellent identity as a cover-up."

"They may be the male celebrities you are pursuing, the female idols, the delivery boy, the brand sneaker manufacturer who never apologizes. Or the author who never updates and should be cut into pieces..."





Chapter 1783 The Domineering Boss Sun Board


The hotel's dining setting is an all-Chinese buffet. Delicacies from mountains and seas, and a variety of dishes from eight major cuisines are available. In addition, there is also a specially set up creative cooking area.

The few people accompanying me discovered that the essential ingredients for these creative dishes seem to be indispensable dry noodles... For example, crush the dry noodles and wrap them on the lobster. Then fry them and it becomes a new style of tempura.

"Is there any other way to eat it like this..." This kind of flattery is too obvious. Chen Chao, Guo Hao and others were stunned for a while. At the same time, there was a little jealousy in their hearts. And my admiration for Wang Ling.

Under normal circumstances, no one would be able to withstand such fierce sugar-coated bullets from such a consortium lady. And it’s not just sugar-coated bullets. They can even feel Sun Rong from these trivial details. Likes for Wang Ling...

However, the iron tree doesn't bloom, and the wood doesn't bloom. The innocent face staring into the eyes of a dead fish seems to never receive any emotional signals. It makes people anxious.

Teacher Pan has always been opposed to romance in high school. He believes that learning is always the first priority. Naturally, these friends from Number 60 High School can understand the good intentions of the class teacher.

However, no one can talk about emotional matters. Some of them suddenly sprout and call. It cannot be stopped...

Of course. Chen Chao, Guo Hao, Li Youyue and Fang Xing.

A few people here are not worried at all that Sun Rong and Wang Ling will be criticized by the school for their relationship issues during high school. Because judging from the current results, Wang Ling is like a piece of wood. It's a machine without emotions.

It may take a long time for this emotional sowing to truly blossom and bear fruit.

"When do you think they will get results?" Guo Hao asked curiously while putting vegetables on the plate.

"I don't think it can be done in high school. Maybe in college?" Chen Chao guessed casually.

That's all he said. No one expected that Chen Chao's casual words would actually become a prophecy later on.

Several people were chatting and laughing as they kept putting dishes on the plates. Only Fang Xing's face remained calm. It was not difficult to see that he was even a little dignified.

He is the only insider among the few who knows Wang Muyu's true identity. At the same time, as one of the core members of the Office of Strategic Deception, he naturally comes with a mission.

This trip abroad. Although Chen Chao, Guo Hao, and Li Youyue were invited by Sun Rong, Fang Xing still had to pay attention to the topic of field control and guidance at any time and the safety issues of these three people during their regular itinerary.

After all, the Tengu have already tried to attack Sun Rong. If they are jealous, they might also attack the classmates around Sun Rong.

As someone who can be personally invited by Sun Rong to travel abroad together, the risk factor for Chen Chao and others is self-evident.

Therefore, Fang Xing was extremely cautious during the entire meal, paying close attention to whether there were any suspicious people around.

All in all, Fang Xing was really too nervous.

It's so tense that Wang Ling can even feel it.

I don’t know when it started. Wang Ling found that Fang Xing was under a kind of pressure.

In the memory, Fang Xing did not seem to be like this in the past. Sunshine's smile had a somewhat leisurely look. This seemed to be the appearance of Fang Xing in Wang Ling's memory.

He glanced at Fang Xing with his peripheral vision. Then he walked from the cooking area to the private room. Along the way, he used the primer technique to throw a piece of chocolate filled with crispy dough crumbs onto Fang Xing's plate.

Sweets. Helps relieve tense atmosphere.

[Collect free good books] Follow v.x [Book Friends Base Camp] to recommend novels you like. Get cash red envelopes!

Fang Xing stared at the special chocolate on the plate for a long time.

He seemed to realize what Wang Ling meant. Then he adjusted his breathing and breathed a sigh of relief. He followed Wang Ling and walked into the private room.

Just as he took a step forward, there was a crisp sound of shattering dinner plates behind him.

Someone slammed the porcelain plate in his hand on the ground. He also pushed over the dessert stand on the dining table.

"Garbage! It's all garbage! What kind of creative cuisine. Adding junk food flour to noble desserts...Is this how your hotel fools customers?" A burly blond foreign man spoke in a series of fast words Swearing in foreign languages.

Chen Chao and Guo Hao were very poor at English. In addition, the man spoke too fast. They didn't know what he meant for a while. They only roughly knew that the man was complaining about the desserts on the buffet table...

It feels like taking a listening test. And it’s a hellish level of difficulty!

At this time. Wang Ling was shaking slightly while holding the fork.

"Brother... forget it. We don't have the same understanding as this man. We are just here to find trouble." Wang Muyu stood on the chair next to him and gently patted Wang Ling on the shoulder.

He had to comfort him, because he felt that if he didn't find a way to comfort him, not only would this man die in an ugly way, but even the earth would die in an ugly way.

Several people sat motionless in the private room. Wang Ling was eating while staring at the back of the foreign man outside with King's Eyes.

Perhaps he felt the resentment coming from behind. The man instinctively felt a chill running down his spine.

But as a party who has received money to do things. Since we have received money, we have to get things done even if we face all kinds of difficulties and dangers.

"My eldest brother is still in the hospital just because he ate something from here! The kitchen in this hotel is not clean at all!" He was still yelling. There was no evidence. He was just talking and making things up.

Wang Ling discovered it. This seems to be the ancestral skill of some foreigners who are good at lying. They distort right and wrong and tell lies as if they are true.

And to themselves, this may not be a lie. Because these people have done that.

In the recent past, I could find many examples to illustrate it. Wang Ling was too lazy to prove it. He still sat in the private room and calmed down, intending to see how things would develop.

Soon, the restaurant manager of the hotel came quickly. He was a kind-hearted black-haired Asian guy. He looked very kind. After seeing the situation in front of him, he patiently explained to the man in front of him: "This gentleman . Please show your meal ticket."

The man's props were complete. He quickly took out the ticket from his pocket: "It's right here! What? Do you think I'm a freeloader?"

The manager looked at it and smiled: "I'm sorry, sir. The creative cuisine area you are in now is not included in the service scope of your meal ticket. In other words, you are not qualified to taste the creative cuisine. Area food."

"These destroyed delicacies. We will compensate you for the original price. At the same time, please leave here quickly. The restaurant will refund all the fees you paid for this time. In the future, we will no longer accept rude customers."

"What do you mean?" the man was furious. He grabbed the hotel manager by the collar.

The hotel manager's face was calm. There was no trace of panic at all: "As you heard, Mr. Meili, you have been banned from our hotel. This is also the new arrival in our hotel. Boss Sun board's instructions."

"If you are still unreasonable, Boss Sun said that the hotel security self-defense mechanism may be adopted depending on the situation. In order to protect the safety of other guests, we have the right to break your legs and drag you out."

After saying that, the manager looked at the private room where Wang Ling was: "Did you see it? Mr. Meili, the people in the private room are all distinguished guests of our hotel. They are enjoying delicious food. And they are pitiful, weak, and helpless. help..."





Chapter 1784: A powerful dragon cannot suppress a local snake. So what if it suppresses it...


This is obviously the person who was arranged here. Wang Ling Even if you don’t read the other person’s mind, you will know that this person is here to deliberately cause trouble. The force he belongs to may be Tengu. It may also be other organizations.

After all, Glio City is a foreign country. The internal structure of the city is very complex. The Tengu are just one of the forces. The rest include mercenaries, news organizations, local gangsters, and cultivation scientific research institutions stationed in Glio City all year round.

These organizations usually do not deal with each other. But one thing they have in common is that they are all exclusive. They even do not hesitate to fabricate news and create lies to cover up some of the bad acts they have done.

Take a small number of news organizations as an example. The fake news they broadcast is almost all filtered by the underworld. There is no sense of disobedience at all when paired with suona music. It feels like it will send people away just by looking at it.

"Is this person deliberately looking for trouble?" At this time, Li Youyue asked, breaking the silence in the private room.

"Obviously there is a problem. Now the Huaguo Shui Lian Group under the Boss Sun board has a cooperative relationship with the Office of Strategic Deception. It is already attracting attention. In addition, it has acquired many hotel chains in Glio City. Such behavior may be The interests of some people here have been touched." Guo Hao analyzed calmly: "In the future, there will definitely be many people who come to make trouble."

Li Youyue: "I heard that many people in Glio City are very xenophobic, especially against Asians. Even the old lady walking along the road may suddenly encounter one or two losers and kick her down with flying legs. "

Hearing this, Fang Xing sighed helplessly: "This is the chain of discrimination in the world. And this chain of discrimination will always exist. It is difficult to change in a short time. The only way is to strengthen oneself. And get stronger and stronger. So strong that one day let They follow their heart."

"From your heart?"

"It means cowardly."

"so it is..."

Wang Ling listened to the debate among several people in the private room. At the same time, he also noticed that the man outside was driven away by the hotel manager in a kind and forceful manner. He finally left the restaurant cursing.

The people were gone. But the noise still had an impact on the surrounding customers. Facing the mess in front of him, the hotel manager couldn't help but sigh. He shook his head and ordered people to clean up the mess. It was very helpless.

"I wonder if the man just now has any secret filming equipment." At this time, Li Youyue suddenly said: "Nowadays, there are many evil people who complain first. If the man just filmed something, he would then add it to the malicious editing and publish it on the Internet. I'm afraid it will have a serious impact on the Boss Sun board."

"This is too cheap..." Chen Chao was surprised.

"But you can't help but there are people who really believe this. Whether it's at home or abroad. People will only believe what they believe. When rumors spread, the truth is no longer that important to some people. They just want to be in the spotlight. It was just the pleasure of venting anger for the moment. When I finished saying what I wanted to say, I didn’t care what the truth was."

"Do you want me to take care of it?" Fang Xing looked into Wang Ling's eyes and said.

Wang Ling secretly shook his head.

He has already sent a text message to Wang Ming. Check the coordinates of that person. Make sure nothing weird has been secretly photographed.

And with Wang Ming's personality, while hacking into the other party's device, he will also publish some strange things saved in the other party's device... and forward them to the Internet for public display. It will be a social death.

Chen Chao took a bite of the vegetable, and it tasted like chewing wax in his mouth. Sure enough, after being stirred up, he didn't even taste like eating anymore. He couldn't help but complain: "People like this don't know what to do with their lives... ."

Everyone: "..."

It was eight o'clock that night. That was when Sun Rong had just arrived in Glio City.

On the way to the hotel Sun Rong saw the news on the local news station.

The news claimed that when leaving the hotel, a man named Meili failed to pay attention to the traffic information because he was cursing and was directly hit by a truck...

Thomas fell into a sewer under maintenance right in front of him in a full rotation position. Finally, he fell into a deep septic tank. Due to the acceleration of gravity, he sank too deep. Finally, after a few flops, he suffocated. And died.

Sun Rong: "Uncle Lin. Is this Meili the one who came to our hotel to cause trouble before..."

Butler Lin glanced at the portraits on the screen and frowned: "It's broken. It seems to be true."

"Why do you say it's broken?"Sun Rong was puzzled.

"Miss, I don't know. The power in Glio City is complicated. We just took over the hotel and this guy came to cause trouble. It was obviously arranged by a small group of power organizations behind the scenes."

Butler Lin said: "Although this man did not die directly in our hotel, and judging from the surveillance footage, it was a 100% accident. However, the forces behind it must have believed that this man was causing trouble, so we Secretly sent someone to kill him."

"That's okay..." Sun Rong was shocked. She didn't expect that she had just arrived in Glio City and would be involved in such a thing.

She just wanted to come here to take everyone to have fun, travel, and help Wang Ling use the world's snack coupons... She didn't expect that as soon as she landed, she would be directly involved in a power dispute.

"Miss, I'm afraid the road ahead is not going to be easy. The hotel has just been acquired. We must be extremely careful next time."

Butler Lin worriedly said: "These people may retaliate against us or the people around us at any time. Miss has her own master. Regarding safety issues, I can relax a little. But Miss, those of your classmates... ."

"You Yue has been living with me these two days. It's okay. I can protect her." Sun Rong said.

"But what about Guo Hao..."

"He has many uncles. Maybe there are uncles of his in those powerful organizations..."

"Fang Xing?"

"Uncle Lin should know, right? He is actually Snake Skin True Immortal's son. There must be no problem in protecting himself."

"What about Chen Chao?"

"..." Sun Rong heard this and fell silent.

Because she couldn't speak openly about Chen Chao.

Although she could vaguely feel that Meili's death might have something to do with Chen Chao.

"Look, miss, there are always things we can't take care of." Butler Lin frowned: "What I'm most worried about is Mr. Wang Ling and Mr. Muyu. Look at them. They all look so weak. ..Something might happen at any time!"

Sun Rong: "..."

In fact, only these two are the most dangerous.

One is a little dragon man formed by combining the excellent genes of the dragon clan. The other is an immortal king whose strength has no upper limit...

Then here comes the problem.

Sun Rong himself knows it too. A strong dragon cannot overwhelm a local snake.

But there are two people there.

She was actually quite curious. Even if she was suppressed, what could these people do to them...





Chapter 1785 Death of Melly


Akoran Society. The largest local mafia organization in Glio City. It is engaged in a variety of illegal activities and has several extremely mature mercenary groups under its control. It signs contracts and cooperates all year round.

Merry, who fell into the septic tank and died, was a member of the Red Orchid Society.

Just before the Huaguo Shui Lian Group acquired the Volute Hotel chain, the former owner of the Volute was regularly submitting safety management funds to the Chilan Society in order to maintain order and stability in the hotel.

In layman's terms, it is protection money.

But now that the Huaguo Shui Lian Group has taken over, Chilanhui has lost a channel through which it can collect large amounts of funds without taking risks.

Of course, the Red Orchid Club would not give up. They decided to send a team leader named Meili from the Red Orchid Club to find trouble before causing a big fuss. This was considered as an advance warning.

And the president of the Red Orchid Society is also betting.

He is betting that if he makes such a fuss, if Sun Rong is afraid, he will definitely continue to pay the protection fee like the previous owner of the volute. And he can continue to enjoy this dividend without any effort.

However, what Levi's, the president of the Red Orchid Society, didn't expect was that Meili actually died...

And it has nothing to do with the volute.

At least not on the surface.

The scene captured by the surveillance camera clearly captured the scene of Melly walking out of the hotel cursing. Because he didn't look at the road, he was loaded into the sewer by a truck and fell into the septic tank...

Levis, the president of the Red Orchid Society, was trembling all over when he saw this scene.

"President...Team Leader Meili. Is it really hopeless? He is a late-stage Golden Core..." A female secretary next to Levi asked fearfully.

"Golden Core is useless. In our Glio City, the average level of cultivators is in the early stage of Golden Core. The quality of cultivators is very high. And those filthy things in the septic tank are also Golden Core or Golden Core The toxins excreted by the cultivators above. Melly is surrounded by so many mixed toxins. It is difficult to hold on..." Levis said this. Even he felt a little nauseous.

Such a way of death has never been seen before. It cannot be said that it is not tragic.

This group of people are too courageous...

I just took over and came to Glio City. How dare you plan such a sophisticated murder!

Levis was a little confused.

Who is it? The evil force...

"President. Could this be just a coincidence?"

"It can't be a coincidence!"

Levis shook his head, "Obviously... this is a provocation. Huaguo Shui Lian Group + Office of Strategic Deception. Their intelligence gathering capabilities must not be weak. They must have already known that Meili is a member of our Red Orchid Society. Now that they already know his identity Despite the situation, he still planned this extremely sophisticated murder... his courage is really extraordinary."

While speaking, Levis frowned. Sun Rong gave him a kick as soon as he arrived in Glio City. This forced Levis to rethink his strategy.

He knows very well that today's opponents are different from those in the past.

Just half a year ago, the Shadow Stream Killer Organization was at its peak. It was because of provoking the Huaguo Shui Lian Group. In the end, the entire organization was targeted and destroyed... Therefore, we must be extra cautious and careful.

At this time, the female secretary saw Levis flipping through the files about Shadow Stream. She couldn't help but ask, "President, what are you worried about?"

"Of course we are worried. We may repeat the mistakes of the Shadow Stream." Levis said, "Although regarding the Shadow Stream, the official statement shows that the person who destroyed this organization is the one who recently became famous in Huaxiu Country Zhuo Yi ."

"The person who prevented the Demon King from landing six years ago?"

"It's him." Levi frowned and said, "But I have an intuition. I always feel that he is blocking this for someone. Of course, these are all my guesses..."

Just as he was talking to his secretary, there was a rapid knock on the door.

"Come in," Levis said.

A security guard wearing a black suit pushed open the door and entered, "President, a nun named Alley is looking for you. She said she has something important to discuss with you."

"Nun? From which church?"

"St. Pete."

"Ask her to come in."

"yes..."

The security personnel quietly retreated after responding. Less than two minutes passed. A graceful woman with a veil on her face and a black church robe entered from the door.

This nun named Alley does not look very old. She is about the age of a high school student. She has a very iconic tear mole in the corner of her eye.

But his movements reveal a sense of stability and mystery, which seems to be very different from his apparent age.

"Hello, President Levi. I am Sister Alley of St. Peter's Cathedral. I am here this time to discuss something with you," Alley said.

"I remember that our Chilan Club has never interacted with you, St. Peter."

Levis stared at Alley and said, "And where I am now is considered one of the secrets of the Red Orchid Society. How did you know I'm here?"

With that said, Levi stood up and lit the cigar in his hand. After taking a deep breath, he looked at the nun in front of him and said, "There is only one possibility. You are not here to represent St. Peter."

"Oh? What President Levi said does have some meaning."

"No need to pretend in front of me."

Levis waved his hand and said with a smile, "You are a Tengu. Am I right? Apart from the Tengu, I am afraid no one can have such intelligence capabilities. St. Pete is just your cloak. You are working hard for the Tengu."

"As expected of the president of the Red Orchid Society."

The nun named Alley smiled.

"You Tengu are also interesting. In the past, you were just a wolf hiding behind your back. Why are you starting to show your cards now? Are you not afraid of being hunted down by the prophet?"

"The enemies are different. We will naturally change our strategies."

Alley smiled and said, "I am here this time on behalf of the Tengu side to offer advice to President Levi. We have just received information that President Levi has died of a subordinate named Meili."

"That's what happened." Levis nodded.

"To be honest, Chairman Levi, we Tengu are currently looking for opportunities to target the Huaguo Shui Lian Group and the Office of Strategic Deception. Your subordinate died. We are deeply sorry. But in fact, your subordinate has created value for this matter. " Alley said.

"Go on." Levi's became more interested.

"It's very simple. Mr. Levis, the top priority now is to restrict these people from the Huaguo Shui Lian Group from leaving the country."

Sister Alley said, "According to Mixiu Country's entry and exit management regulations, anyone who is accused within the country is not allowed to leave Mixiu Country's territory. Of course, the other party may be able to use the teleportation array to escape. But if he escapes, it will prove that there is something wrong in his heart." So they had to stay. Set the record straight."

"You mean. Confining them all to Glio City?"

Levis smiled and nodded, "That's interesting. Glio City is our territory. As long as we can keep them here, it's all our business how to deal with it next. If we let them go like this, it will be counterproductive." It's not easy to deal with."

"That's what I mean." Alley nodded.

"But I hear what you mean. You want to sue for murder. But the legal team of the Huaguo Shui Lian Group is not a vegetarian."

"President Li, don't worry about this. We have already found the truck driver's information."

Alley said, "As long as it is confirmed that the truck driver was hired by their Huaguo Shui Lian Group, he will be found guilty of murder, and Miss Sun will be detained in Glio City. We will become a partner between us and the Office of Strategic Deception's bargaining chip..."

.

();





Chapter 1786 Death of Melly


In the luxurious suite of the Volute Hotel in Glio City. Accompanied by the news of the latest instructions from the Cultivation Police Station in Glio City. Wang Ling, Sun Rong and all other people from Number 60 High School are restricted. Appearing on camera. Not allowed to leave Mixiu Country.

This incident was mainly aimed at Sun Rong. The other people were implicated. It was mainly a disguised threat against Sun Rong.

"I'm sorry, everyone. They came for me... I originally wanted to take everyone out to have fun. I didn't expect that everyone would be implicated..." Sun Rong is quite self-blame. If she had known this was the case, she would have beaten her I wouldn't come all the way here even if I die. I didn't expect that this coming would cause trouble for everyone.

The most important thing is that it caused trouble for Wang Ling.

Recently, she felt that her relationship with Wang Ling had finally improved. But something like this happened again today. I wonder if it would lower her favorability in his heart?

"It's okay. Boss Sun, don't worry too much. Even if you can't go out, it's good to enjoy the delicious food in the hotel." Chen Chao and Guo Hao expressed their opinions one after another.

"That's right. It's okay Rongrong. These people are just jealous because your family is doing so well. We have plenty of time. I believe you can handle it well." Li Youyue also agreed.

If you can go out, then go out and play. If you can't go out, then it's fine to turn on the homebody mode and stay at home. As for Li Youyue, it doesn't matter as long as she can learn new cooking. The mentality of these people is much better than Sun Rong imagined.

"Thank you everyone for trusting me. I will solve this trouble as soon as possible." Sun Rong showed a happy smile. Then she looked at Butler Lin beside her: "Uncle Lin, what is the situation now? How are we? Can we meet the truck driver?"

"Currently, we are still communicating. The Xiuzhen Police Station in Glio City said that they are still starting the investigation process... They have arranged for a lawyer to meet with the truck driver. However, the situation is not good. There is a possibility that they will not be able to meet with them at all. ." Butler Lin frowned.

It was obvious that this group of people came prepared. They deliberately arranged this incident and used the method of forcible detention.

And the accusation is extremely serious. If you don't find a way to clarify the facts and use other means to slip out of the Mixiu Country, I'm afraid it will lead to deeper misunderstandings. It will also have a negative impact on the Huaguo Shui Lian Group and the Office of Strategic Deception in international public opinion. Extremely adverse effects.

Wang Ling is certainly aware of the stakes in this matter.

He didn't blame Sun Rong in his heart. Because all this was just the general trend.

At the beginning, he vigorously promoted Lord Diu Lei to establish the Office of Strategic Deception. He also supported the cooperation between Lord Diu Lei and the Huaguo Shui Lian Group. He just wanted to use the Office of Strategic Deception to provide himself with greater cover.

Nowadays, the development of the Office of Strategic Deception is getting stronger and stronger. When the attention of cultivators around the world is focused on the Office of Strategic Deception, the backlash encountered in Glio City is also within Wang Ling's expectation.

It's just that Wang Ling didn't expect that the other party would use such a method to forcibly detain them.

He thought about it carefully. It seems that it is very popular among Western cultivators to use this method of hostage diplomacy... No matter what, I will put a label on you first and let's talk about it. As for other matters, we can slowly negotiate until. until one party completely gives in.

And there is obviously no evidence for all this.

The same goes for the case where the Cultivation Police Station in Glio City accused Sun Rong of murder. From beginning to end, there was only one false testimony from the truck driver.

"The worst result now is the truck driver. He is the only witness. If we can't prove that he testified, it will be difficult for us to prove our innocence. And if the truck driver has an accident, we will even say no. It's cleared." Fang Xing touched his chin and analyzed calmly.

"What Mr. Fang said makes sense." Butler Lin nodded: "So our Huaguo Shui Lian Group also applied for a witness protection order. But it's hard to say whether the Xiuzhen General Police Station in Glio City will enforce it or not."

"This group of people is inherently xenophobic. They shouldn't listen to us, right?"

Guo Hao sighed: "I just asked an uncle of mine who works at the Xiuzhen Police Station in Glio City. He obviously had a good relationship with me before. But this time he didn't tell me anything. Let me be honest. He said he would find a way to get me out of the relationship and return to China."

"You actually have a foreign uncle?" Everyone was shocked when they heard this.

"Back then, my grandma gave birth to more than thirty children. My father was the fifteenth oldest in the family. Now the Guo family has spread. Naturally, my uncles are all over the world."

"..."

Hearing this, Butler Lin was stunned for a long time. Then he answered: "Classmate Guo's family... is really powerful... but your uncle doesn't want to talk to you more. He also has his own concerns because of the power of this matter. The structure is too complex."

"According to the information I have received so far, this matter is led by the local Chilan Society in Glio City. This is the largest local mafia. It has several high-quality mercenary groups."

"Levius, the president of the Red Orchid Society, was a famous captain in the past. However, once he sailed a ship and blocked a huge ship in the canal, causing a huge blockage. As a result, the whole world suffered huge economic losses."

"Later, Levi was dismissed from his post. All his family property was confiscated as a punishment. His wife and children were separated. He was imprisoned in the Glio City Prison. The result was disastrous. He was allowed to make a fortune again in the prison. Now he has become the president of the Chilan Association... ."

"But he's just a mafia boss. The government in Glio City won't be obedient, right?" Fang Xing said.

"So that's where the trouble begins."

Butler Lin said: "Behind this matter, it is very likely that the church in Glio City is involved. In Glio City, the church is the symbol of real power. If the church steps forward, it will force the Xiuzhen Police Station to do something." Even if it is unreasonable, there is nothing we can do about it. But what makes me a little confused now is that our Huaguo Shui Lian Group has never had any grudges with the church. Why are we being targeted by the church?"

"Could it be related to Tengu?" At this time, Wang Muyu raised his hand obediently.

"Muyu's judgment is correct."

And this answer is exactly what Fang Xing wanted to say: "When there is no grudge, it is unreasonable for the church to choose to intervene."

"The only possibility is that there may be Tengu people in the church. The Tengu tried to kidnap classmate Sun Rong but failed. On the way to Glio City, classmate Sun Rong tried to shoot down immortal Funaya with a missile. Unsuccessful."

"Now that classmate Sun Rong has come to Glio City, it is like putting a bird in a birdcage. Naturally, they will not miss this opportunity."

"We will naturally handle Miss Rongrong's matter. What I am more worried about than Miss Rongrong's is the safety of you all."

Butler Lin said. He immediately looked at Wang Ling and Wang Muyu: "Before the results come out, please ask classmate Wang Ling and Master Muyu to wait in the hotel. Don't walk around at will... These mafia gangs are too much. My classmate Wang Ling and Mr. Muyu are so cute. If it falls into the hands of this group of mafia, I might lose a lot of things on my body for these people to sell."





Chapter 1787 I couldn’t think of the title so I had to continue using Melly’s Death


Butler Lin knew nothing about Wang Ling and Wang Muyu's situation. It was quite normal to have such worries. Wang Ling sighed deeply in his heart. He hoped that those people would come to trouble him. Because Then he can witness who is causing trouble for whom.

Compared with these. Wang Ling found that he cared more about Wang Muyu.

He doesn't know why. He feels that this little guy who has caused him a lot of trouble before has a special magical affinity. Although the little guy is strong, he is not experienced in the world. Bai Zhe used remote control to scare this little guy. Not light.

Wang Muyu, who combines Wanlong genes, has unlimited potential for subsequent development. However, the strong will return to the strong. Wang Ling knows that Wang Muyu is not fully developed...

Bai Zhe, on the other hand, obviously wants to use the powerful ability of his Moonlight Dragon form to create a time gap and take advantage of this period of time to snatch the little guy back into his hands.

It's just that this little one is so close to him now. It's probably not that simple to snatch him back.

At this time, Wang Ling had many thoughts in his mind. To be honest, he didn't know how it would develop in the future. He could only wait and see.

"It's hard for everyone to come out. I don't think Uncle Lin should worry too much. These people just want to restrict us to being trapped in Mixiu Country. And then use it as a bargaining chip in negotiations with the Office of Strategic Deception and the Huaguo Shui Lian Group. No. What kind of threat does it pose to us?" At this time, Sun Rong said: "It's hard for everyone to come out. It's too boring to stay in the hotel."

"Miss, they are focusing on you. Maybe they won't do anything to you...but others will..."

"Uncle Lin, it's okay. In fact, my master also followed here secretly. I will protect everyone's safety at all times."

"..."

Wang Ling Got it.

All actions in Glio City now. This "Wang Meili" fictionalized by Sun Rong has become the new scapegoat to take over from Zhuo Yi.

I have to say. Wang Ling thinks Sun Rong's move is quite good. And it seems to have a miraculous effect. It caused those people who lurked behind the Tengu to have further reactions in the form of Sirens.

In the Office of Strategic Deception. There are indeed eternal beings.

However, the only Eternals released by Wang Ling so far are Li Xian and Zhang Zhui.

The rest of the Eternals, numbering in the tens of thousands, are all locked up in the Corpse Map held by Wang Ling.

If all these Eternals were summoned, such an army of Eternals would be enough to conquer the entire universe and conquer any corner.

Therefore Wang Ling has always been suspicious.

Back then, Dao Ancestor Wang found all kinds of weird excuses to use this Supreme Corpse Map to suppress the Eternal Ones. He collected these Eternal Ones like collections. In addition to protecting these Eternal Ones, it also had the purpose of preparing for war. ?

However, these are just wishful guesses by Wang Ling.

At this time, Butler Lin's greeting interrupted Wang Ling's wandering thoughts: "Okay. Mr. Wang Ling, and all the students here. If you want to go out, please don't be alone. Go out. It's best to have each other look out for."

"In addition, don't go too far and remote places. It should be safer to go shopping in crowded shopping malls. Although the power in Glio City is complicated, they don't dare to do anything blatantly in broad daylight. Everyone understands ?"

"Okay Uncle Lin!"

The rest of the people imitated Sun Rong and shouted.

...

The next day. Sunday morning, January 4th.

Wang Ling discovered that Sun Rong had been detained on the Internet. And the detention operation led by St. Peter's Church also gave rise to a brand new chemical reaction.

It was announced by the Mixiu Country government that relevant personnel of the Office of Strategic Deception and the Huaguo Shui Lian Group will be restricted from entering Mixiu Country. Physical sanctions will be imposed on the Huaguo Shui Lian Group and the Office of Strategic Deception.

This move is to limit the Office of Strategic Deception from sending reinforcements. It directly cuts off the back-up route.

So this early in the morning, Zhuo Yi, who originally wanted to go to Glio City, was stuck at the entry and exit gate.

After returning to the car, the expression on Zhuo Yi's face was very worried.

Because this game is no longer simply between sects. It is a game between cultivators and cultivators.

Any retreat by either party will make the other party push further. Even Zhuo Yi cannot see how the subsequent situation will end.

"Master, how is the situation?" Zhou Ziyi asked in the car.

"I have been restricted from leaving the country. Not only that. Many people in the Office of Strategic Deception are restricted from leaving the country." Zhuo Yi held the steering wheel. He said with a headache: "I haven't figured out what to do yet... "

"What instructions do you have from Master?"

"There are no new instructions yet. After all, it's a matter of safety. Don't think too much about it. There will definitely be no problem with Master and Mistress. The latest chat record with Master was last night."

"Ah? What did Master say?"

"He said he hopes to resolve this matter as soon as possible so that he can return to China as soon as possible to take the monthly exam."

"You love learning so much. You are worthy of being a master..."

Having said this, Zhuo Yi also couldn't help but smile: "But this thing is not that easy. The forces in Glio City are too complicated. The mafia, mercenary groups, and various cultivation sects. And the most troublesome part of this operation is The reason is that the local church is involved."

"I heard Rongrong talk about this. The top priority now is to help Rongrong and others clear their suspicions."

At this time, Jiugong Liangzi, who was sitting aside, said: "The one who restricted the charge of hiring a murderer against Rongrong was the mafia organization called Chilan Society. So the key is to start with that mafia organization."

The girl said this. Zhuo Yi's eyes suddenly lit up: "By the way Liangzi... I remember your sixth lady..."

"I was just about to tell you about this. Our family also has some connections in the mafia because of the Sixth Madam." Jiugong Liangzi said: "You may be able to help me by sending me abroad. I'm not in the system. The layoff list is available. You can go out normally."

"No. It's too dangerous." Zhuo Yi's first reaction was to refuse.

He really couldn't bear to let Jiugong Liangzi out like that...

"With Wang Ling and Rongrong here, I'm not afraid. What are you afraid of?"

Jiugong Liangzi said: "The top priority now is to get Rongrong and the others back. If you can't get out, if you are worried, can you find someone to go out with me. For example, senior Jin Deng, senior Li Xian and senior Zhang Zhui?" "

"None of these three. They have been registered on the official website of the Office of Strategic Deception. They have names. This time they are also listed on the list."

Zhuo Yi shook his head and said: "It's really not possible. I have to ask senior Qin Zhong and senior Xiang Yi to go with you. They haven't had time to register yet... It should be no problem to get in with you. Besides, you We need to help them arrange a cover for their identities."

"This is easy. I'll arrange it right away." Jiugong Liangzi nodded.

She was about to take out her mobile phone to contact related matters. Then she saw Zhuo Yi slowly reaching out. An emerald green bamboo sword suddenly caught Jiugong Liangzi's eyes.

"Liangzi. I will lend you the advance now. Glio City is very complicated... If you are alone, you can defend yourself with this advance..."





Chapter 1788 I swear that the title of the next chapter will be changed: The Death of Melly


Seeing Zhuo Yi trying to give "Yu" to himself for self-defense. Jiugong Liangzi immediately felt a sore nose: "You gave me your money. What should you do?"

"I'm fine. Senior Jin Deng, senior Li Xian and senior Zhang Zhui can't get out anyway. They will be responsible for protecting my safety. The most important thing now is you..."

Zhuo Yi held Jiugong Liangzi's hand. Then he kissed her gently on the forehead: "Glio City is very complicated. Contact us at any time. Be careful in everything."

"Nothing is more important than your own safety. You have to protect yourself. If someone bullies you, when my entry and exit restrictions are lifted later, I will go there in person to find that person..."

"Yeah. I understand..." Jiugong Liangzi nodded. Then he kissed Zhuo Yi back on the cheek.

Only Zhou Ziyi was left behind, eating dog food and shivering.

...

Jiugong Liangzi knew that this action was by no means that simple, because it had risen to the level of a game between Xiu Zhen Country and Xiu Zhen Country. It was no longer a competition between forces or sects in the past.

She hasn't digested the whole thing yet. She only got a general idea from Zhuo Yi's dictation. At the same time, she also clearly knows that if the Jiugong family gets involved in the matter this time, the most dangerous situation may be a careless one. The entire Jiugong family Every family will become a victim in the struggle of the cultivating country.

But Jiugong Liangzi was not afraid. Although there were various struggles with Sun Rong in the past. But now that the Jiugong family has formed an alliance with the Huaguo Shui Lian Group. As the head of the Jiugong family and one of the allies, she naturally does not Maybe sit back and ignore it.

Jiugong Liangzi didn't know where she got the courage to face all this. But at the moment when she saw Zhuo Yi suffering from this, she suddenly felt such an impulse in her heart.

She suddenly realized that she seemed to really like Zhuo Yi...

And I like it even more than I imagined.

...

Chilan Society Headquarters. Chilan Society President Levis is feeling proud that his plan has succeeded. With the help of St. Peter's Church, he used the bribed truck driver to successfully accuse the eldest lady of the Huaguo Shui Lian Group Sun RongThe plan to charge with murder was a huge success.

To be honest, even Levi's didn't expect things to go so smoothly.

"I knew the church was very strong, but I didn't expect that the church could cover the sky with one hand like this." In the president's office, Levis smoked a cigar. Facing the church nun Alley, who was affiliated with the Tengu, he expressed his praise without concealment.

"This is just the initial cooperation. If President Levi is interested in Tengu, he can become a member of Tengu." Sister Alley said with a calm smile.

Levis burst out laughing: "It's not impossible to join the Tengu. I have to think about it. After all, I never had the idea of being a dog before. But now it seems that if there is a strong backer behind it, this may also be a kind of fun. "

"Compared with these, what I am more curious about now is what will the Tengu do next? And who is the senior standing behind your Tengu?"

"The seniors standing behind us will only know when President Levi makes it clear and joins us."

Sister Alley replied calmly: "But our next action plan can be shared with President Levi unconditionally."

"Oh? Come and listen."

"As far as we know, the conflict between the Chilan Society and the Huaguo Shui Lian Group is nothing more than the reluctance to pay protection fees after the volute changed hands, leaving the Chilan Society without a sustainable economic chain to collect funds."

"Then. I wonder if President Levi knows about Huaguo Shui Lian Group's sudden acquisition of Volute Shell. And what is the purpose of the Huaguo Shui Lian Group's eldest lady suddenly coming all the way to enter Glio City?"

These words made Levis frown. He chuckled: "It's not surprising that such a consortium lady wants to go anywhere."

"She was still studying in a cultivation school called Number 60 High School. At this time, she suddenly went abroad. According to our investigation, in the final analysis, it was actually for a child.

"Sister Alley said: "And according to our current reliable information, she invited many classmates to go to Glio City this time. The father of the child may be among these classmates..."

Hearing this, Levi was so frightened that he almost dropped his cigar. His eyes suddenly opened wide with an incredulous look. He couldn't believe what he heard: "This... is this true or false?"

He does not doubt the intelligence capabilities of the Tengu. This is currently the most famous intelligence gathering agency in the world. Moreover, the Tengu represented by Sister Alley is still part of the Tengu core team. The error rate of intelligence is almost negligible.

"Are the eldest ladies of today's consortium all playing in such fancy ways...How old are you..."

"These are just the intelligence we have collected so far. But it still lacks verification."

"..."

"But the child and the child's father are both on this trip. And we are currently confining them to Glio City. As long as we catch them all and ask them one by one, we will know. Or maybe we don't need to do it ourselves. By secretly collecting some DNA samples, we can also get corresponding evidence."

Sister Alley said: "There are many ways. The following matters need to be arranged by President Levi. It is not convenient for us Tengu to come forward for this matter. President Levi's layout of entertainment venues in Glio City can be said to be black and white. I believe it. President Levi will give us a satisfactory answer to our cooperation."

Levi's frowned: "But this matter is actually risky, isn't it? I remember the eldest lady of the Huaguo Shui Lian Group. But there is a hidden master..."

"It seems that President Li knows a lot."

Sister Alley said: "In fact, we Tengu are planning not to take action for this reason. The expert is someone sent by the Office of Strategic Deception. His name is Wang Meili. But so far we have no information about it. Any entry and exit records of this beautiful lady Wang."

"Did you come here smuggled in?" Levis asked.

"This is just one possibility."

Sister Alley said: "There is another possibility that this Wang Meili is actually one of the classmates brought by Miss Sun this time. In other words, President Li's next task is to find the child. In addition to father, he also has to help us lead out the beautiful Miss Wang who is hiding behind... Whether she is smuggled in or hidden inside, these two wolves... President Li must catch..."

"I'll try my best." Levis smiled.

He didn't expect that this situation would actually turn into a werewolf killing in the end...





Chapter 1789 Merry died again today - Merry's death


At the beginning, Levis admitted that he just wanted to make the Huaguo Shui Lian Group disgusted. He knew that the strength of the Chilan Society was not enough to bring down such a huge consortium that was gaining momentum. Moreover, it might lead to death.

So he could only find a way to disgust the other side. By the way, Chiran would find a way to continue to survive in Glio City.

But now that the Tengu forces have intervened, and with the support of the largest cultivation country, all kinds of forces are coming in one after another. The clergy of the church, the cultivation country... all revolve around the relationship between the Red Orchid Society and the Huaguo Shui Lian Group. The grievances between the two unfolded.

It seems that compared to being simply disgusting, there is nothing more exciting than watching a huge consortium sink like a sun that has lost its energy.

And Levi's believes that moving to the Huaguo Shui Lian Group will inevitably cause a chain reaction. Even the Office of Strategic Deception will also suffer.

A consortium force. A super sect. The scene of both of them falling gives Levi an exciting feeling just thinking about it. This battle is no different from the six major factions besieging Guangmingding... The only difference is the ending.

Levi's thought they had a high probability of victory.

Chilan Club has been developing in Glio City for so many years, relying on illegal transactions to accumulate capital. In the past two years, Levi's has gradually realized that this is not a long-term solution. He wants to let Chilan Club develop for a long time. We can only get rid of the cloak of the mafia little by little and begin to realize transformation.

And now what was before him was an excellent opportunity.

With Tengu's power and eye-witnesses all over the world, if he can perform outstandingly in this operation, the Akoran Society will be able to complete the cleansing under his leadership.

"Alley, you know what my purpose is in deploying in so many industries over the years." Levis took a deep breath. He stood in front of the large floor-to-ceiling window and asked, looking at the drizzle falling outside the window.

"Tengu. Knows everything."

Sister Alley said with an expressionless face: "As long as President Levi cooperates with us sincerely, helping the Red Orchid Society to transform is just a matter of effort for us."

"Okay. Since it's not convenient for you to come forward for the time being, I will take care of all the wolf hunting and fishing."

Levis looked at Sister Alley and muttered: "But this is the last time."

"Of course."

Sister Alley nodded: "I just hope President Levi will not waver."

"Shaken?"

Levis smiled: "Don't worry. I am a mature businessman. I will not do anything treacherous. Chilan will develop for so many years. I am the only president. Brothers are willing to follow me. Sister Alley should know what I am like." people."

"It's natural. I don't mean anything else. It's just a reminder."

Sister Alley said: "As far as we know, the eldest daughter of the Jiugong family, Jiugong Liangzi, is already on her way to Glio City. Because she is not a member of the Office of Strategic Deception, she is not restricted from entering."

"Oh. It turns out to be her." Levi suddenly said, "I have some impressions of this little girl. I heard that she had a falling out with Miss Sun of the Huaguo Shui Lian Group. Later, the two families formed an alliance inexplicably. I thought they two It's just a show. In order to stabilize the stock price. I didn't expect that Miss Jiugong was willing to wade into this muddy water."

"This is not surprising. According to the information we have received, Miss Jiugong Liangzi is in a Taoist relationship with a core member of the Office of Strategic Deception. But the specific identity is still under investigation."

"Understood."

Levis nodded. He already knew it.

In his eyes, she is just a little girl. Be it the Jiugong family or the Sun family, no matter how powerful these two consortiums are, Glio City is their territory.

[Reading Benefits] Send you a cash red envelope! Follow vx public [Book Friends Base Camp] to receive it!

Facing two little girls who are inexperienced in the world, Levi has enough confidence to defeat them until... there is no recovery.

...

At nine o'clock in the morning, an armed bus specially prepared for Number 60 High School people appeared in front of the Volute Hotel on time.

This was urgently mobilized by Butler Lin last night. As the name suggests, it is a bus armed to the teeth.

The glass of the bus is specially made. It is not only bulletproof but also blastproof. The most important thing is that the entire bus uses an amphibious system. It can run, dive and fly...

In addition, additional psychic barriers, anti-missile systems and defense devices are installed on the roof.

Wang Ling stared at this fancy configuration. He couldn't help sighing in his heart. But when he thought about it carefully, Butler Lin was an uninformed person. There was really nothing he could do about it.

The enemies are crazy when they are ruthless. Today's evil elements are always in the Soul Formation realm. The overall mystery and comprehensive quality of the Soul Formation realm are directly reduced to the price of cabbage.

Although these people are not worth mentioning in front of Wang Ling, ordinary defensive measures are ineffective against the Soul Formation environment. Wang Ling does not think these security measures are of any use. But it seems that they can at least give Lin Housekeeping provides some psychological comfort.

Butler Lin also made the travel plan last night. He tried his best to find places with a lot of people. The first stop was Walwolf, which Wang Ling had not been to before.

Yesterday he did not buy the "No one knows better than me the crispy noodles series crispy noodle snack gift pack". The first stop today was arranged here. Wang Ling was very satisfied.

"Everyone can buy whatever they want. Not just snacks. Just take it. The most important thing in life is to be happy." Sun Rong, who has restarted the rich woman mode, said with a smile.

While speaking, Wang Ling could feel that the girl's whole body was glowing... and it was the kind of radiance that a female Bodhisattva could bring to save all sentient beings.

This armed bus does not have a driver. It uses an intelligent driving mode combined with Beidou navigation. It is safe and stable. It looks bulky but actually operates extremely smoothly. It gives people a very safe feeling.

Wang Ling was sitting in the last row of the bus. Wang Muyu sat obediently on Wang Ling's lap... This scene made Sun Rong envious.

She knows. Normal people don't get this treatment...

In other words, Wang Muyu can do it. If it were anyone else, he would definitely be pushed down by Wang Ling.

"Hey. Wang Ling has such a good relationship with his brother." Guo Hao couldn't help but sigh when he saw this scene.

"Really. Don't talk about younger brother. I think it would be okay for Muyu to call Wang Ling daddy." Chen Chao spread his hands.

Wang Ling: "..."

When the armed bus was driving on the highway, Wang Ling, who was sitting comfortably in the back seat, suddenly realized that something seemed wrong with the route.

He has already been to Walwolf once. He still knows the route very well.

As a result, the route taken by the armed bus seemed to be a long way.

"Uncle Lin. Did it yaw? Why does it feel like it's going further and further away?" The two of them had a good rapport. Soon Sun Rong also felt that something was wrong.

Butler Lin was sweating profusely. When he checked the posture function, his face changed drastically: "Oh no! This... this automatic driving. Why can't I control it?"

He screamed. Everyone in the car was shocked: "This... this navigation system is wrong! It's not Beidou navigation at all! I clearly installed the Beidou navigation system!"

At this moment, inside the armed bus, a clear electronic voice with a hint of cunning and want-to-be beat came: "Hello! - Bad Navigation. At your service!"





Chapter 1790 Wang Ling’s power


Red Orchid Society Office. Levis used a huge satellite telescope to remotely monitor the situation ahead. The armed bus that he had tampered with was moving forward according to the original plan.

"Tengu's hands and eyes are really powerful. There are even Tengu people in the Huaguo Shui Lian Group." Levis said with a proud smile.

"They have been cautious enough. They have brought in old employees who will not betray easily. But we can use some means to replace those people without knowing it. Imitate their daily habits and appearance. No one can see Come out," Sister Alley said.

"In another twenty minutes, they will follow the navigation system I deployed and directly cross that area..."

Levis hummed; "As long as they pass through there, it will be a big incident that they cannot solve, whether it is the Huaguo Shui Lian Group or the Office of Strategic Deception..."

...

When the cunning electronic prompt sound of the evil navigation sounded, Butler Lin immediately knew that this armed bus had been tampered with.

Obviously everything was still normal during the acceptance check last night.

He also tried the navigation system himself to make sure everything was accurate before getting out of the car.

And the commissioners from the Huaguo Shui Lian Group he arranged to protect it throughout the night...

When Butler Lin thought of this, an idea suddenly flashed in his mind.

If under such circumstances, the system of the armed bus has still been modified, then it can only mean that one of the two employees he arranged to follow last night contains the Tengu's molest.

Butler Lin raised his eyebrows. He never expected that this trip abroad would not only turn into a confrontation between cultivating countries, but also start an espionage war... Isn't it too exciting?

"Miss and classmates, don't worry. I'll stop the car right away," Butler Lin said.

"Uncle Lin, you're not busy. The bus can stop at any time. The most important thing to figure out now is what is their purpose of tampering with the system." At this time, Sun Rong said.

Butler Lin slapped his head: "Yes! Miss is right! Let me see..."

After speaking, he stared intently at the route determined by the bad navigation screen. Then he frowned deeply: "I remember this direction is... the Mixiu Country Cultivation Army Garrison Base in Glio City?"

"Oops. It seems they want our armed buses to force their way into the military base!"

"When the time comes, if they report this move with embarrassment, it will be interpreted as a provocation! The problem we are facing will become an international dispute! And we will still be on the rude side."

The other party's methods were more sinister than Wang Ling imagined. He came to Glio City for two days just to use his world snack coupons.

As a result, the person behind all this did not even give him such an opportunity. This made Wang Ling feel unbearable.

He never advocated taking the first action. But at this time, he felt that he had to issue a warning to the opponent.

"Dad?" At this time, Wang Muyu said to Wang Ling.

He deliberately called Wang Ling. But he found that Wang Ling did not respond to him.

Even if you know what is going to happen next.

It's obvious. Wang Ling is going to take action.

Wang Muyu was sitting on Wang Ling's lap. Although he couldn't hear Wang Ling's inner voice, he could feel a kind of free anger from the slightly trembling fingers of this crispy noodle maniac dad.

Next, Wang Muyu felt a deep light flashing in Wang Ling's King's Eyes. This was a kind of pupil summoning ritual. It seemed to be summoning something terrible to the scene...

Why...

What's wrong with this group of people? Why bother with such a monster?

...

Just when the armed bus was less than 10 kilometers away from the garrison base, the ground began to shake. A huge black mountain was unattainable. It rose from the cracked earth in front. The roar was endless.

"What... what is this..." Everyone in the garrison base saw this scene. They all looked shocked. They are all outstanding soldiers.

He has a strong enough psychological quality. However, in the face of this unexpected situation, he still couldn't help but feel his legs weakening. This giant beast spawned directly from the earth is too terrifying. The dark back is like a series of mountains. The mountains in the row are shining with a strange light.

roar!

The huge roar blew up a hurricane, blowing everything in front of it to the sky. The land cracked. Endless trees were uprooted, sweeping the land in front.

"What is this..." Butler Lin and the rest of the people in the car were dumbfounded. They looked at the giant beast in front of them that was attacking the garrison base in surprise.

In the car, people were discussing one after another.

"Is it a monster?"

"No way... doesn't the demon world coexist peacefully with us now?"

"It's definitely not a monster. I can feel strong psychic energy from this big guy. And this big guy has no ill intentions towards us at all." Chen Chao said.

Anyone with a keen sense of spiritual power will notice that there is no trace of demonic nature in this giant beast that suddenly rises from the earth. Instead, it is extremely powerful spiritual energy!

Surpassing all the spiritual beasts currently on earth!

But there is still a gap between the sacred beast and the divine beast.

Wang Ling still kept his hand.

Just a small punishment.

Otherwise, with his ability, he could summon any holy beast or divine beast, which would be enough to destroy a cultivation country.

The giant beast in front of him was the spiritual beast he summoned from the hole in the center of the earth using the power of King's Eyes. It had never appeared on the surface of the earth, so most cultivators knew nothing about its identity.

Although there are many hypothesis studies about the hollow center of the earth in the world, no one has ever reached there. This is why Wang Ling confirmed that there is such a place.

It was because I once made the spirit of the earth cry that I knew there was such a place.

The world in the hollow center of the earth is huge.

Like the spiritual beast summoned by Wang Ling now. It is more than thirty feet long. But it is just a cub inside.

Before being summoned here, this giant beast cub from the center of the earth was having a meal with its mother. As a result, it was sucked to the surface world in the next moment.

This made the giant beast in the center of the earth feel inexplicably frightened. So the moment it appeared, not only the people at the garrison base were frightened. Even the giant beast itself was frightened.

It opened its steps and aimed one foot in the direction of the base in front of it...

At that moment, the entire Mixiu Country Cultivation Garrison Base in Glio City panicked.

Although the armed bus mark Wang Ling had appeared on their radar signal before, the signal mark of the armed bus had now been completely covered by this sudden behemoth.

"Hurry and report to the colonel! There is a giant beast attacking! And there is no record in the database! It popped out of the ground like bamboo shoots!"

"Sir! We have to give it a name!"

"Fool!"

A commander in the base shouted: "Since it popped up like bamboo shoots, let's call it a bamboo shoot monster!"

"Sir! What about the signal from the armed bus that was captured earlier?"

"It goes wherever it likes. The house is about to be demolished. Do you still have the mind to care about this?"

The base commander rubbed his head with a headache.

At the same time, on the other side, Levis, the president of the Red Orchid Society, who captured this scene through a satellite telescope, and Sister Alley beside him, couldn't help but open their mouths...





Chapter 1791 I didn’t expect that Merry would die after one chapter.


The sudden appearance of the giant beast from the center of the earth plunged the city of Glio into a sudden accident. Its body was surging with pure blue energy. Its mountain-like backbone was constantly flashing, revealing a wild atmosphere.

The powerful spiritual pressure is overwhelming. It brings great oppression to everyone on the earth except Wang Ling.

A catastrophe is coming. The garrison base has to respond quickly to counterattack in self-defense.

All of a sudden, several fighter jets took off from the base and headed towards the behemoth in the center of the earth. Psychic missiles were fired from all directions, passing by with a harsh sound of friction with the air.

The giant beast in the center of the earth frowned slightly. It roared in a low voice. It opened up a space and formed a world of its own. In the end, all these psychic missiles bombarded the barrier it opened.

It has never taken the initiative to launch an attack. It stands in front of the garrison base. It is an active deterrent and seems to be guarding something. It makes the sky and the earth tremble, and it has an unimaginable power.

"What on earth does it want to do... stand on the street!"

"No. Such a huge beast can't come out of the ground out of thin air just to scare us!"

"Is it because its hands are too short to use its left jab on us?"

"Then it's even more impossible... Anyway, it's not actively attacking us now. We'd better not take action."

Their psychic missile attack is originally ineffective. Continuous firing is nothing more than a waste of ammunition. The driver is still more realistic. It needs to be considered based on the actual situation.

After all, in Ultraman, it is Ultraman's light wave that finally defeats the monster, not the fighter's missile. Except for the ultimate move launched by Ultraman at the end, the previous scene of flying a fighter jet to attack the monster is nothing more than water. Often...and tell the audience in a subtle way, using missiles to fight monsters is to fight loneliness.

Since the giant beast in the center of the earth did not take the initiative, the entire garrison base also stopped the next round of attacks. At the same time, everyone was speculating on the true intention of this giant beast.

Where does it come from?

And why would they suddenly launch an offensive here?

When will reinforcements arrive?

These are all problems.

Judging from the current results, this is obviously a confrontation.

As for how long the confrontation will take, no one can predict it.

At this time, the armed bus Wang Ling was riding in was retreating. It did not stop and watch from a distance until it reached a safe location.

This was not a restoration of control of the armed bus. It was a spontaneous act by the unscrupulous navigation.

The evil navigation originally contains artificial intelligence ai. And Wang Ling discovered it early on. Although this evil navigation is evil, it is extremely afraid of death.

Therefore, we directly summoned such a giant beast from the center of the earth to block the entrance of the garrison base. It had no choice but to retreat and keep a safe distance.

"So you're also afraid of death?" Fang Xing sat at the front.

He crossed his arms and stared at the steering wheel of the bus.

Bad Navigation never replied.

"Fang Xing. What are you doing...talking to a navigation..." Guo Hao asked.

"This is not an ordinary navigation. It is a navigation with artificial intelligence." Fang Xing said, "Look, after this giant beast appeared, the armed bus has been retreating. This can only prove one point. It is scared."

"That's it." Guo Hao nodded.

"But this guy is still pretending to be dead. He refuses to cooperate. He doesn't say a word. I don't know if you can do anything about it."

"This is easy to handle. It's just a torture system. I'm familiar with it!" Guo Hao laughed gloomily.

Then he opened the display inside the armed bus, pulled out the link device, and took out a dark USB flash drive from his pocket.

"What is this?"Sun Rong asked.

"It is known as the depth bomb in the system industry. It was originally a trick taught to me by an uncle of mine." Guo Hao said: "Tengxun Computer Manager, Qiandu Security Assistant, 361 Security Guard and Yinshan Drug Tyrant are installed in it. These four major 214 computer anti-virus and security software including security software giants..."

Wang Ling, Sun Rong, Fang Xing, Chen Chao, Li Youyue: "..."

Guo Hao: "Of course it will be fine if you only install one anti-virus software.

But if you install and run it at the same time, something terrible will happen! Haven't you ever been curious about what would happen if you let these anti-virus software kill itself? "..."

Hearing this, the Bad Navigator couldn't help but start to tremble a little.

As a newly born artificial intelligence AI, it has not experienced the wonderful prosperity and beauty of the world. It does not want to die like this.

If so many anti-virus software were installed in its body at the same time, what kind of consequences would it produce? It was hard for the bad navigation to even imagine it.

When that time comes, I'm afraid these anti-virus software will directly follow the system and cause its core to crash...

It’s so scary!

Woohoo!

These people have no heart!

Are they all devils?

Just when Guo Hao was about to plug in the USB flash drive, Bad Navigation finally couldn't withstand the pressure. He said: "Wait a minute! Young hero! If you have something to say! Don't do it! If you are so careless about getting in, I will." It hurts like hell!"

Everyone: "..."

Bad Navigation: "What do you want to know? I'll tell you! As long as you don't put weird things into my body! That's right! That's right! The person who instigated me to do this is the Akran Club! The president's name is Levi's! My father It's him too!"

"dad?"

"Because he is my developer..."

"He has several wives. He lives a disorderly life! He is an out-and-out scumbag! Please, young heroes, be sure to annihilate him!"

"..."

Everyone in the armed bus was in shock.

Good guy...

A loving father and a filial son.

...

At the same time, at the end of the horizon, a man with long blond hair, wearing a dark blue uniform and white trousers appeared. His clothes were fluttering, dancing in the strong wind, coming on the wind.

"Reinforcements are coming! It's General Maicoasi!" someone at the garrison base exclaimed.

This is the Army General of the Mixiu Country Cultivation Corps! Maico Assi! He is a legend in Mixiu Country!

He is a famous strategic commanding genius. He has never failed in combat commanding in his life. He entered the True Immortal realm a long time ago and cultivated to the top of the Nine Levels Peak.

Now that the earth has been upgraded, the level of combat power is no longer restricted. No one knows how high the level of this legendary general has been raised.

"Evil beast."

# Send888 Cash Red Envelope# Follow the vx public account [Book Friends Base Camp] to watch popular masterpieces and draw 888 cash red envelopes!

He came from the sky. His whole body was radiating golden light. He was like the sun god. There was a kind of arrogance in his eyes.

Mecoasi has been in seclusion for a period of time since the earth was upgraded. But he has just come out of seclusion. The opponent in front of him is this giant beast that appears inexplicably. A sense of excitement surges through his body.

"Today, I am here. No matter who you are appointed by, along with the people behind you, I will definitely eradicate you!" He shouted loudly.

The next second, the dark blue uniform behind him in the void was shrouded in a halo of flames. Like a golden crow!

Everyone knows that the war is about to start. A battle between a legendary figure and a giant beast is about to begin!





Chapter 1792 What the beauty of the face cannot cover is the brilliance of the soul


Looking at the face of the legendary Mixiu Country general in the void. Everyone at Number 60 High School seemed to recall the black-and-white photo of this man printed in the history book from Old Gudong's course on the history of cultivation.

"This is Maiko Assi? It does look similar to the photo...but why does it feel different? It seems to have become much younger." Li Youyue covered her mouth and said in surprise.

Although there was beauty-preserving technology in that era, it did not have the same beauty technology as it does now. The black-and-white photo of General Maico Assi in the history textbook authentically shows the appearance of this general when he was all-powerful. Look.

But compared to now, Maikeasi is indeed much younger. It should be that he will practice beauty-preserving techniques or take beauty elixirs in the future.

After all, he is a legendary general. There is nothing wrong with cultivating and promoting him as an idol. In this era where appearance is justice, having an eternally youthful face seems to be more popular.

After all, not everyone has the same confidence as the Huaxiu Kingdom's Sword Saint, Martial Saint and the other eight generals. With their own grace and unparalleled achievements, their names can make that glorious history remembered by everyone.

The beauty of the face. What can never be covered is the brilliance of the soul.

Wang Ling doesn't know how long it will take for him to grow old. But if one day he really does grow old. Wang Ling thinks he probably won't use other means to fix his appearance.

He didn't have much appeal in this regard. In all things, conforming to nature is the eternal truth.

It’s just that not everyone thinks that way.

The modern world of cultivation is also very different from the past. In an era of changing profit models, even legendary generals like Meiko Assi are unavoidable and have become tools to consolidate social and financial status.

It is true that Maikeasi is a genius. However, if a cultivator has a dirty mind, he will not be able to achieve greatness in the end.

At this moment, at the moment when Maicoasi transformed into the Golden Crow. Wang Ling, Wang Muyu noticed at the same time that there were electronic eyes coming from all directions. There were hundreds of them surrounding him.

These are the electronic eyes arranged by Maicoasi. He is confident that he can defeat the giant beast in the center of the earth. Therefore, he also plans to record them at the same time as video evidence to promote his future reputation.

In the sky, the golden light all over his body merged with the sun, as if integrated into one body. The blazing light finally condensed into a golden ripple visible to the naked eye in his palm.

"Ripples galloping..." Wang Muyu frowned.

He could feel it. This was a spell that extracted stellar flames. However, Meikoasi's use of it was immature. Apparently it had just been researched recently.

At this moment, Meikoasi is used for display. In fact, it is also a manifestation of showing one's muscles to the world in conjunction with the electronic eye.

Looking at this scene, Wang Muyu muttered without interest: "It's a far cry from Ripple Racing..."

The true ripple sprint technique can make the emitted light waves equal to the temperature of the sun's core. However, the current temperature of Mycoasi is not even one-third of the sun's core temperature.

Maybe you can flex your muscles here on Earth.

But in the eyes of real masters, it is too childish. It can only be called Little Sun Boxing.

"Dad, when are you going to show him the real ripple galloping?" At this time, Wang Muyu was sitting on Wang Ling's lap, looking at him with expectant eyes.

Wang Ling: "..."

Even if it were to be displayed. Wang Ling would not be able to be displayed on Earth.

He can indeed do this trick of Mecoasi. And the power is more than hundreds of millions of times more powerful than Mekoasi.

But the problem is that if this trick is shown on the earth, the spirit of the earth may not be able to withstand it again.

Now it is not just the spirits of the earth. The other planet spirits in the universe have great opinions on their actions. And many planet spirits have written letters of complaint to the Heavenly Dao Committee.

The main complaint is not about Wang Ling. It is about Wang Ying...

Wang Ling discovered that this guy Wang Ying has good physical strength.

Use the Planet thumping technique on Sun Ying'er at eight o'clock every night.

Almost never fell...

"You evil beast. Today I will show you how powerful I am."

At this time, when Maicoasi finished charging up, the blazing light waves emitted from the void finally turned into a long flame dragon and hit the giant beast in the center of the earth.

Boom!

From a distance, the fire dragon shot from the palm of Maicoasi was a humanoid self-propelled laser cannon. It penetrated the energy wall of the earth's inner beast on the spot.

"There is hope! As expected of General Maicoasi!"

In the base, countless soldiers exclaimed. Maicoasi's first round of attack successfully penetrated the energy wall, which instantly boosted the confidence of all the soldiers here.

The giant beast in the center of the earth received a blow after being blocked by the energy wall. It let out a painful roar. It was not killed directly, but the thick leather armor on its body was burning under the orange firelight.

The poor inner-earth beast stretched out its little claws and tried to extinguish the flames. Then it rolled on the ground again to extinguish the flames.

"Bad beast. No matter who summoned you, you will definitely die today..." Maicoasi smiled. There was a bit of arrogance in his relaxed tone. He was about to launch the second round of attack.

Wang Ling feels that time is almost up. He has his own plan. The purpose of summoning the earth-centered beast is just to let the earth-centered beast come out and put on a show.

After all, this earth-centered beast is just a cub. It is normal for it to be unable to withstand the damage from Mecoasi. If you summon an adult earth-centered beast.

With Maicoasi's current fighting strength, he might be beaten while hanging.

He secretly used his pupil power. Just when the second cannon condensed by Maicoasi was about to get close to the giant beast in the center of the earth, he used the reverse summoning technique to teleport the giant beast in the center of the earth back to the inner earth world.

At the same time, the burnt skin scraps of the giant beast in the center of the earth were used to create a red orchid mark on the ground...

This is all done in an instant.

It looked like the giant beast in the center of the earth was directly blown up by Meikoasi's second cannon and evaporated on the spot.

After the smoke screen disappeared, the red orchid mark on the ground caught Maikeasi's eyes for the first time.

"This is..."

In the void, Maikeasi stared at the red orchid marks and frowned slightly. He always felt that they looked familiar, but he couldn't remember what they were.

Immediately, he waved and moved the nearest electronic eye to his side. He began to scan the graphics on the ground.

Soon, an electronic sound came to Maicoasi's ears.

"Red Orchid Society..."

Mecoasi remembered.

This is the mafia organization in the city of Glio.

It turns out that this giant beast was summoned by this mafia organization... How dare these damn guys!?

Immediately, he faced the soldiers garrisoned at the base below and said, "The whole army obeys the order!"

"exist!"

The soldiers quickly lined up in a square formation and responded.

Maikeasi hummed: "Pass my order. Clear out the Chilan Society in Glio City! All members of the Chilan Society will be executed on the spot! No one will be spared!"

"But General. Execution on the spot...it seems...out of order..."

"What do you know?" Maikoasi said arrogantly, with a righteous look: "Rules are meant to be broken! At this moment, in the name of Maikeasi, I made a decision that went against my ancestors. !This is for the righteousness of mankind! Crack down on gangsters and eliminate evil!"





Chapter 1793: Diverting trouble to the east×Destroying friendly forces√


Because of Maikeasi's sudden attack, the tengu in the entire Wisdom Tree fell into a brief chaos.

"This lunatic Meikeasi... is actually planning to attack Chilan..."

"Doesn't he know that Chilan Club has been instructed by the church? And Levis is the person who accused Sun Rong on behalf of Chilan Club. If he is annihilated...the accusation will be completely unfounded!"

As the highest-ranking Tengu in the audience, Ba Ye, who wore the Eight-Star Jason mask on his head, was also twitching slightly at the moment under the mask.

He has always remained calm. He rarely gets so angry that he trembles all over. But at this moment, Master Ba has to admit that he is still very angry by Maicoasi's magical operation.

"What should we do, Mr. Ba? How should we deal with this matter now?" someone asked.

Ba Ye took a deep breath and tried hard to adjust his emotions. Then he said slowly: "Although Maikeasi is an out-and-out bastard, we can't directly conflict with him at the moment."

Under normal circumstances, according to common sense, Maicoasi has nothing to do with this matter. He is the army commander-in-chief of the Cultivation Army. And the army headquarters base is not in Glio City. From this action of Maicoasi Look, he just happened to be passing by to help.

Ba Ye didn't expect that Maico Assi would intervene in this matter.

"Although our Tengu also have spies in the army, Maico Assi is very cunning and has always been wary of dealing with counter-intelligence work. The personnel at the army base are transferred almost every day. Our companions are working abnormally inside. Difficult." Mr. Ba said.

In fact, this is the reason why the Tengu have been unable to do anything against Maikoasi so far. They have even been able to infiltrate the church. However, they have been unable to do anything against Maikoasi's army.

Plus, Maico Assi is an exception.

Although the power of the church covers most of the government forces, it does not extend to Mekoasi. The army of Mixiu Country currently only takes orders from Mekoasi alone.

Originally, according to the Tengu's original plan, they wanted Wang Ling and others to drive into the army base branch to provoke Maikoasi.

Unexpectedly, stealing the chicken will end up losing the rice. Instead, Maikeasi will focus on the Chilan Society, which is currently on the side of the church and cooperating with the church.

Having said that.

Why did that giant beast turn into the Red Orchid Society's LOGO after it died?

This is so unscientific!

But now the Tengu have no intention of thinking about these problems. The top priority is to solve the matter of Mecoasi and avoid further expansion of the conflict.

"There was also my mistake in this matter. I didn't expect that Maikoasi would directly intervene in this matter. I should have asked the brothers from the church to say hello to Maikoasi in advance."

"Baye. Then go say hello now..."

"I'm afraid it's too late to go now. Mecoasi is always confident and arrogant. He never revokes his orders."

"What should we do?"

"We can only communicate first... At least, keep Levi's and prevent Maikeasi from doing anything to him."

Ba Ye said with a headache: "But this matter is not a bad thing. At least it can be clearly seen. The Office of Strategic Deception did send experts to protect them. Or maybe they were among the high school students on the armed bus. Someone is Wang Meili."

"High school student? No way..."

"Maybe he just borrowed his identity as a high school student."

Ba Ye said: "Otherwise, it is impossible to explain why such a huge beast suddenly appeared in front of the garrison base branch. And after the beast died, the debris turned into the shape of the Red Orchid Society's logo."

Having said this, he couldn't help but sigh: "I underestimated the methods of these people. This trick is used to divert misfortune to the east. It is an excellent use. But I want to use this method of alienation to cause internal conflicts among us. It is also It's not that easy..."

"It's time. It's the turn of the senior Eternal One sent by Emperor Zun to assist us to take action.

"The first batch. Although there are only five here, it is enough for them to drink a pot. I want to see. This king is beautiful. How do you want to deal with it..."

...

Under the accusation of bad navigation, Wang Ling used the trick of diverting trouble to the east. It successfully established the conflict between Mekoasi and the Red Orchid Society.

If this matter goes smoothly. As long as Levis is killed by Maico Assi, the accusations against Sun Rong from the Glio City Government will naturally disappear.

And regarding the death of Levis, the contradiction will not appear on Sun Rong. No one will think that Sun Rong directed Maikeasi to kill Levis.

Because everyone knows what kind of person Maikeasi is.

What he values most is his reputation. As a legendary general in Mixiu Country, there is no way he would take orders from a consortium lady to kill a mafia boss.

Of course. Whether things will go as smoothly as expected is still unknown to Wang Ling.

Tengu's hands and eyes are very good. It's not difficult to use some means to protect Levi's.

On the other hand, the power of the Tengu has penetrated into the church. If you want to completely resolve this matter, the best way is to split the relationship between the church and the Tengu. Let the church and the Mycoasi side share the same hatred. Transform the contradictions and unite them. The gun is pointed at the Tengu...

All they have to do here is watch from the other side and watch these people fight in their own turf.

They are suspicious of each other and pass on conflicts. This is a living old Western house of cards.

Wang Ling I thought these things could only be seen in TV series. But in fact, they really exist in reality.

"You young heroes, where do you want to go now? I will cooperate..."

At this time, Bade Navigation asked.

He was already afraid.

Under the threat of Guo Hao's USB flash drive, he had to make a compromise with Number 60 High School.

In fact, before carrying out this mission, Zude Navigation had not collected information on Number 60 High School. At that time, it had a hunch that these high school students would be difficult to deal with.

Judging from historical observation data.

Just in this half year.

The Shadow Stream, the Immortal Mansion, the Melon-Pied Demon King, the Night Puppet...and other evil forces at home and abroad in Huaxiu and abroad have been destroyed under the hands of Number 60 High School.

It seems to have no connection with Number 60 High School. But in fact, everything is connected by Number 60 High School...

Therefore, Bad Navigation thought that this operation might not go too smoothly. If everything was not ensured, something would happen.

As a result, his idea has come true.

Sometimes, big data analysis is still very useful...

It's just that the Bad Navigator has not yet analyzed who is the hidden master among these people in Number 60 High School.

Now, it can only give in, pretend to surrender, collect intelligence secretly, and then send the collected information back to Levi's when the time is right.





Chapter 1794 Who is not a leader these days?


The Bad Navigator thought for a while. It thought that its false surrender would not be noticed. But as an artificial intelligence that already has the ability to think, Xiao Jiujiu will also fall into Wang Ling exactly what he has in his heart. in the ears.

It's not just Wang Ling. Including Wang Muyu, Sun Rong, all of them know the intention of the Bad Navigation.

But a few people were very smart. They all pretended that nothing happened.

"Dad, is this navigation stupid?" Wang Muyu said in a voice message.

"..."

To be honest, Wang Muyu is speechless about the bad navigation.

It's obviously just a navigation. Even if it's made into an animation, it won't have any image. The most it can do is find a voice actor. But I don't know why this wicked navigation likes to add drama to itself.

Wang Ling made a hissing gesture, hinting to Wang Muyu to hold still for now. Wang Muyu understood. He turned his little head and pointed out the window and asked, "Where are we going now?"

"Of course we will act according to the original plan."

Sun Rong said: "And I just received a message. I heard that Liangzi will be coming soon."

"Eh? Is that Miss Jiugong Liangzi?"

Li Youyue was shocked. She immediately complained: "She came to report in our class a while ago! She came in as a transfer student. In the end, she didn't go to school for a few days at all. I thought she dropped out!"

"It's not like I dropped out of school...it's just that there are some things that I haven't completely dealt with yet."

Sun Rong smiled awkwardly: "After we go to the mall, we will meet Liangzi. The location has been agreed upon."

"Where?" Chen Chao asked.

"The landmark building of Glio City. The Starry Sky Tower. Opposite is another landmark building. The Wisdom Tree." Sun Rong responded.

In fact, she didn't expect that Jiugong Liangzi would take a risk and come to help her this time.

But thanks to Jiugong Liangzi.

This helped her bring back something very important from Huaxiu.

That is...Gray Cult Leader Token.

Before getting up, even Sun Rong himself didn't expect that Gray Cult's strength had expanded to the city of Glio.

Before she left, in order to better manage the Gray Cult in Huaxiu, she temporarily handed over the leader token to Jiugong Liangzi for safekeeping.

And now, Jiugong Liangzi comes with this leader token.

This also means.

She will have the ability to control the Gray Cult cultists hidden throughout the city of Glio...

The information about Tengu is indeed very extensive.

But they missed Gray Cult, a cultural organization established for the purpose of literary discussion...

What about the church?

Who is not a leader these days?

Sun Rong already has a package plan in mind.

She finally went abroad to travel with Wang Ling... all because of Tengu. Her plans were completely disrupted.

This time, she had to take down this hateful organization in one fell swoop!

Wang Ling: "..."

...

Bad Navigation successfully parked the car in the basement of Walwolf Supermarket. However, Fang Xing decided to stay in the car with Butler Lin.

"Hey, Fang Xing, don't you want to go? You can have sex for free! It's free of charge!" Guo Hao asked.

"It's okay. I have already told Chen Chao what I want to buy. He will buy it for me. This navigation is not honest. It is safer for me and Uncle Lin to stay here and watch." Fang Xing said with a smile. He still had that look on his face. Sunny smile. Can't see anything wrong.

He really didn't trust this unscrupulous navigation system. So when he was in the car, he just pulled out a list and gave it to Chen Chao. He motioned to Chen Chao to buy it for him.

"Don't worry. I will buy everything you want for you!" Chen Chao said, beating his chest.

Then a group of people got out of the car happily.

After many twists and turns, Wang Ling finally bought the world limited edition crispy noodles that I wanted. I felt a little moved for some reason.

Walwolf is the largest supermarket in Glio City. At the same time, Glio City is a famous cultivation technology demonstration city in Mixiu Country.

Even the things sold in the supermarket are full of technology. After Wang Ling bought the "No One Knows Better Than Me the Crispy Noodles Series Crispy Noodles Snack Gift Pack", I followed the others around the supermarket.

"Brothers, do you want to come and try our latest product? Quantum prosthetic eyes. After installation, the learning efficiency can be doubled with half the effort! And the most important thing is that the combat effectiveness can be quantified!" the female shopping guide introduced with a smile on her face.

"Then how to use it? You don't want us to pluck out the eyeballs and put them back on, right?" Guo Hao asked.

"No, little brother. All Xiuzhen machinery and equipment can be disassembled and installed free of charge for life. There are related stores around the world. Just authenticate with the lifetime anti-counterfeiting code built into Xiuzhen machinery and equipment."

The female shopping guide said: "This quantum prosthetic eye is the latest product. It comes from Shouchong Technology Group."

"Wait a minute! Madam, can you say it again? What group?" For a moment, Sun Rong thought he was hearing something.

"Shou Chong Technology Group is the work of Mr. Shou Chong, a famous scientist from Huaxiu. I heard that the Office of Strategic Deception recently invested in it! This quantum prosthetic eye is made by Mr. Shou Chong and Mr. Wang Xiaoer. A joint masterpiece."

"..."

For a moment. Wang Ling had an illusion.

That is to say, Shou Chong and Wang Ming. These two guys must have stolen the technology from Virtual Realm. Technology City!

It's just that these cultivation machinery and equipment can be mass-produced and sold online at the speed of light in such a short period of time. This is something that Wang Ling never expected.

On the shelf of cultivation machinery and equipment. In addition to quantum prosthetic eyes, there are indeed many new cultivation machinery and equipment on display. There are all kinds of mechanical arms and legs.

These things are very attractive to the new generation of cultivators. Chen Chao and Guo Hao suddenly couldn't move.

"You just said so much. I still feel like I need to dig it out. Can I try it out?" Guo Hao asked.

"Of course." The female shopping guide smiled and said: "All cultivation mechanical equipment needs to be installed into the body to achieve 100% effect. Now it can be experienced through external devices. However, the external experience effect can only reach 20%."

As she spoke, the female shopping guide took out a helmet and said, "Now, I have linked the quantum prosthetic eye selected by Mr. to the sensory helmet. As long as Mr. puts on the helmet, the next picture you see will be seen through the quantum prosthetic eye." "

"That's it!" Chen Chao nodded. He couldn't wait to take the helmet and put it on his head: "I'll try it first!"

"Brother, please."

The female shopping guide was smiling. She helped Chen Chao fasten the helmet strap: "After opening your eyes, the relevant functions will appear directly in the menu on the right side of the brother's sight. Just select the corresponding function and follow the system operation instructions. That's it."

"Okay!" Chen Chao rubbed his hands.

Wait until the device starts.

He only felt a quick "buzz" in his head. Then he heard the electronic sound of "Connection successful" coming from his head.

A lot of functions related to quantum prosthetic eyes are quickly displayed on the right as the female shopping guide said.

[Combat Power Measurement]

[Quantum speed reading]

[Thermal Scanning]

[Extreme telephoto]

[Super perspective]

[One-click monthly vote]

[beat Ku Xuan violently in the blink of an eye]

...

Chen Chao was dazzled by the dazzling array of functions.

"There is actually super clairvoyance?" Chen Chao was shocked: "Is this... is this legal?"

"It's legal in our city of Glio." The female shopping guide smiled and said, "Of course. This is a VIP function that needs to be recharged as a member. The specific see-through effect will be graded according to the member. King members are fully see-through! The perspective effect will not be very good for those below the King membership level."

"I still need to top up money..." Chen Chao clicked his tongue: "Is there a free trial function?"

"Yes. Combat power measurement is free. You can try it on your friends."

Chen Chao nodded slightly.

Then the next second, he immediately focused his attention on Wang Ling.

The data shows that Wang Ling is in the early stage of Foundation Building.

Chen Chao immediately laughed: "Hey, your child, it's been half a year since school started. Why are you still in the early stage of Foundation Building?"

This ruthless ridicule made Wang Ling secretly sigh in relief.

It seems that Wang Ming had already taken him into consideration when designing this function. Any scans targeting him would be intelligently masked directly with false data.

"This prosthetic eye is pretty good."

Chen Chao played with it for a long time. Then he took off his helmet and let Guo Hao experience it.

Then, he walked up to Wang Ling and patted Wang Ling on the shoulder: "Honestly, Lingzi, I always thought that you were very strong, but you just pretended to be weak. Now it seems . The misunderstanding is resolved! You are indeed a mascot!"

Wang Ling: "..."

...

At the same time, on the other side, a mysterious black figure of Wang Ling is being closely observed in the supermarket. He is recording something in a small notebook.

On the small notebook, the huge title read: "Analysis on the hidden strong man of Number 60 High School."

Then below is the list of people traveling this time.

Fang Xing, Chen Chao, Guo Hao, Li Youyue, Sun Rong and???...

Yes.

When recording the name, he forgot the name of Wang Ling. He didn't know who this person was.

That's why three question marks are used as marks.

Until now, I have observed Wang Ling in the dark.

He finally asked who this Mr. "???" was.

And now.

He used his own pen to completely black out the three question marks.

Because just now, that Chen Chao had helped him rule out a wrong answer.

It's just a waste from the initial stage of the Foundation Building.

It's not worthy of their Tengu's attention...





Chapter 1795 Madam Raven’s Invitation


Shopping is always the key to stimulating the secretion of dopamine in humans. Especially when shopping is free of charge, the secretion of dopamine will increase to a peak value.

When people from Number 60 High School came to the supermarket entrance with large and small bags to check out, the sales clerk was first frightened by the mountains of goods behind them.

This... what the hell is shopping?

Are you sure it's not clearance?

The sales clerk was a little shocked. He was stunned for a while before he came to his senses. He called several colleagues over to help scan the product barcodes.

This incident directly alarmed the sales general manager of Walwolf Supermarket and immediately stepped down to direct the work.

They are very skillful in their actions. After scanning the barcode, they directly put the goods into storage bags one by one. According to the preferential regulations of Walwolf Supermarket, if you purchase goods worth more than 100,000 yuan at a time, you can get free space storage bags for packaging. service. Storage bags are completely free of charge.

It took half an hour to sort out the goods. In the end, the total consumption amount that popped up on the monitor was 269 million.

"Excuse me, madam, how do you pay?" the sales manager asked while trying to control his crazy smile.

"Swipe your card. Also, I want to ask, can I buy your supermarket directly?" Sun Rong took out a crystal card with an unknown limit from his wallet.

At this time, everyone in Number 60 High School felt that Sun Rong's whole body was glowing... Yes. There was a holy radiance surging all over his body. It was like eight wings descending from the sky. Holy angel.

The reason why I want to buy a supermarket. Sun Rong is not a temporary idea. It has been an idea for a long time.

At present, Huaguo Shui Lian Group has acquired the largest hotel chain Volute in Glio City. If it can continue to acquire Walwolf, it will be able to achieve the joint development of the hotel and supermarket industries.

And once Wollang is acquired, the Huaguo Shui Lian Group will have another huge channel for exporting elixirs to foreign countries.

Of course, Sun Rong also knew very well that the purchase of a supermarket was not something that a sales manager could decide. So she just asked casually while swiping her card, not expecting any answer at all.

As a result, the sales manager said: "This... the supermarket acquisition. I can't make the decision. But Miss Sun is lucky today. Our boss happened to be inspecting the store today! Miss Sun led her friends to spend a lot of money today. Our boss happens to also want to meet Miss Sun. And..."

At this point, the sales manager turned his attention to Wang Ling and Wang Muyu: "Our boss said that she knows the two gentlemen with dead fish eyes at the back."

"Is your boss a boy or a girl?" Sun Rong asked, stunned.

"Female..."

"Female?"Sun Rong suddenly became nervous.

At this time, everyone in Number 60 High School turned their attention to Wang Ling and Wang Muyu.

Now even Wang Ling became nervous.

"No way Wang Ling... Could it be that Wang Muyu is you and the supermarket owner..."

Guo Hao made a bold guess: "So you are really Wang Muyu's father?"

"..."

Wang Ling turned pale.

"Stop teasing Wang Ling. You'll scare the child." Li Youyue didn't know whether to laugh or cry.

"Who is your boss?" Sun Rong asked again.

"I don't know, has Ms. Sun heard of Mrs. Raven's name?" the sales manager said.

It was only then that Wang Ling and Wang Muyu suddenly realized.

This is the lady they met in the coffee shop yesterday.

At that time, Fen Lei of Glio City also introduced to Wang Ling that this Mrs. Raven should be a well-known local cultivation variety show producer in Glio City.

It's just that Wang Ling didn't expect that Mrs. Raven was actually the boss behind this Volwolf.

...

"It's right here everyone."

Finally, the kind-looking sales manager brought everyone from Number 60 High School upstairs to the office on the top floor of Walwolf. Wang Ling indeed saw the Mrs. Raven whom she had met in the coffee shop before. figure.

"Ah! Little brother, we meet again. You are so cute!" As soon as she saw Wang Muyu, she couldn't help but feel the brilliance of motherhood.

Perhaps aware of her gaffe, Mrs. Raven quickly readjusted herself: "Ahem. Everyone, please take a seat. Come here. Quickly pour coffee for these distinguished guests."

"Yes." The secretary next to him responded quickly. Then he stepped back to do some work.

After a while of pleasantries, Mrs. Raven went straight to the topic: "As expected of the eldest lady of the Huaguo Shui Lian Group. Miss Sun Rong. Her spending is indeed generous. Extraordinary."

"Mrs. Raven won the award. To be honest, I was a little surprised. I only heard that you are a famous variety show producer. I didn't expect that you are also running the supermarket business." Sun Rong responded in a low-key and humble manner.

"Business has always been my strong point. People are destined to have many identities in this life. In fact, even I didn't expect that my identity as a variety show producer would become popular. It also made me a lot of money."

Mrs. Raven picked up the coffee cup and said, with a calm and elegant manner like a lady: "I heard. Miss Sun wants to buy my Walwolf?"

"There is such a plan." Sun Rong nodded: "But Mrs. Raven's supermarket only uses money. She shouldn't be able to sell it easily, right?"

"Miss Sun is indeed smart."

Mrs. Raven smiled and said: "I don't care about money at all. Money is like a floating cloud to me. What do I need so much money for? I can't use it all. After enjoying life enough, what I want most now is to give myself something boring. I want to have some fun in the second half of my life. That’s why I embarked on the path of being a variety show producer."

"So. What conditions does Mrs. Raven have?" Sun Rong asked.

"Miss Sun, don't worry. Just listen to what I have to say."

Mrs. Raven said: "The wise don't speak secretly. Miss Sun should be very clear about her situation now. The church and Chilan Society have successively attacked Miss Sun. As a result, Miss Sun and your classmates have been restricted. Glio City cannot return home."

"If at this time, I sell the supermarket to you, this is actually an act of taking sides."

"Of course. What I am saying to Miss Sun now does not mean that I am afraid of these two forces. I just want Miss Sun to understand my sincerity."

Having said this, Mrs. Raven stood up slowly. Then she looked in the direction of everyone at Number 60 High School with expectant eyes: "I have only one request. That is for all of you, Number 60 High School, to cooperate with our local people in Glio City. Elite representatives selected from another Cultivation High School will participate in the recording of a variety show. As long as the recording ends successfully, I will transfer all the equity in Glio City to Miss Sun. I don’t want a penny for the rest. "

At this time, Sun Rong frowned slightly and said with some confusion: "I want to know. Why does Mrs. Raven take a fancy to our Number 60 High School?"





Chapter 1796 60 High Schools Famous Overseas


"Why did you choose Number 60 High School? I think about this question. Miss Sun and all the students present should be very clear."

Mrs. Raven stretched out her right hand wearing white lace and covered her mouth slightly. She smiled and said: "In this little half a year, from Shadow Stream, Immortal Mansion and the Guapi Demon King... there have been many organizations, masters Destruction. They are all inextricably linked to your Number 60 High School."

"To be honest, it doesn't have much to do with us."

"It's useless even if Miss Sun is prevaricating like this. Now Number 60 High School's reputation has already spread overseas, including in Glio City. Elite high school students who want to challenge Number 60 High School across the country are also eager to try."

She smiled and said: "If we hold a variety show challenge among high school students at this time, I believe the ratings will be higher than before! What I want is a stimulation. I hope Miss Sun will not have other worries. In addition, in order to let Sun Miss and all the classmates can feel free to stay and participate in the recording of this variety show. I also sent an email application to Number 60 High School in the name of the variety show producer."

As she spoke, Mrs. Raven fiddled with the electronic watch in her hand. Soon there was a "buzz" sound. An email was immediately projected into the void.

"This is...Old Chen's mailbox! It also has Old Chen's school seal on it!"

At this point, everyone at Number 60 High School was dumbfounded.

"As you can see, the principal of your school has agreed to let you stay to record this variety show challenge. He has also applied for a seven-day vacation for you."

"Don't worry, everyone. The recording time for the variety show will not be too long. Seven days is enough for us to complete all the projects. In addition, Principal Chen also made some requests. He hopes that your identity can be concealed. I can also do this. Assure."

Mrs. Raven smiled brightly: "During the entire variety show recording process, we will equip you with exclusive masks to cover your faces. You only need to wear school uniforms to participate in the show."

"As for me, it's useless even if I wear a mask, because someone will definitely know my identity." At this time, Sun Rong sighed. At the same time, he also sighed in his heart at the methods of Mrs. Raven.

She is the future successor of the Huaguo Shui Lian Group. Something like this happened again in Laiglio City. Now the focus of the world is on her.

Even if you wear a mask to hide your identity, it is useless. As long as the relevant information about Duel High School is released. Even if you don't name her, everyone must know that it is her... Such an operation will be in the eyes of Sun Rong. And report her directly. There is almost no difference between the ID numbers.

No matter what happens to this variety show, as long as she exists, it will definitely guarantee the ratings.

And these were obviously designed by Mrs. Raven from the beginning.

The only consolation for Sun Rong now is that her face is covered during the recording of this variety show. And everyone's attention will be focused on her. It should not affect Wang Ling too much. ..

But even so, she still felt vaguely uncomfortable.

She didn't want to cause trouble to Wang Ling. But now, it seems to be completely contrary to her original intention.

"It will definitely be embarrassing if we lose." In comparison, Guo Hao and others were not in a very beautiful mood.

They originally just wanted to travel abroad and relax. But they ended up participating in this variety show challenge out of nowhere.

The email was personally signed by Principal Chen with the school's official seal. It's impossible not to go now.

The most important thing is that this variety show challenges global attention. If you lose, it will be very embarrassing!

So. It was just a moment. Everyone felt the pressure coming instantly.

"You are all going to participate in the competition. What should I do?" At this time, Wang Muyu asked.

There was a little envy in his eyes.

The little guy is at the age of curious babies. It is the time to accept and absorb all kinds of new things. Variety show challenges are naturally very attractive to Wang Muyu himself.

"Muyu, believe me. This show is not fun. My sister and brothers are under a lot of pressure.

"Li Youyue said helplessly. "Eh? Really? It sounds fun." Wang Muyu said.

"Don't worry, little brother. Auntie will arrange a session specifically for you."

At this time, Mrs. Raven smiled sinisterly again: "I have also reported this to Principal Chen. This variety show challenge is a six plus one challenge format. Six high school students will lead one elementary school student. .The delegation of high school students from Glio City will also select a well-known local elementary school student to participate."

Wang Muyu showed doubts in his eyes: "King-level primary school student? Is he very powerful?"

Mrs. Raven: "Of course! The so-called king-level primary school students are those who can complete their training homework on time. They never cause trouble to others. They can carry teammates when playing games without hanging up. And they never use their parents' money to recharge secretly. Games, tipping anchors and buying other boring virtual goods."

Wang Muyu: "Then the king of the elementary school students in Glio City. Can he blow up the earth with one punch?"

When Mrs. Raven heard this, she couldn't help but laugh out loud: "Brother Muyu is really good at joking. He's just a primary school student. How can he have the power to blow up the earth?"

Wang Muyu: "But I can!"

Mrs. Raven showed a coaxing expression: "Yes, yes. Auntie knows you can do it! But you don't need to blow up the earth in this competition. You just need to follow the instructions of your brothers and sisters. You are the key to scoring points!"

Wang Muyu nodded: "Understood!"

Wang Ling, Sun Rong: "..."

At this point, Mrs. Raven looked at everyone: "This is the situation. It seems that everyone has understood it. Then I will give Miss Sun the rules of the variety show challenge later tonight. Then I will invite Sun Miss, just introduce the information in detail."

"Okay." Sun Rong sighed. He looked at the people at Number 60 High School with some shame: "I got everyone involved this time. It's really troublesome for everyone."

"Whatever comes, take care of it. The Boss Sun board doesn't have to be like this. We also borrowed the power of the Boss Sun board. We're all covering our faces anyway. There's no shame in losing." Guo Hao said.

"It really doesn't matter if you lose. Variety shows themselves are entertainment. Funny and continuous viewing are the first priority." Mrs. Raven said with a smile: "But if you win, there will be an extra surprise! I can give you what you bought today. Everything. All made of gold!"

"This..."

Chen Chao was shocked when he heard it. He immediately looked at Wang Ling: "Then Lingzi is losing a lot of money. He didn't buy anything except noodles."

Mrs. Raven: "What's so difficult about that? I can just make a limited pack of golden noodles. Even the pepper noodles are plated with gold powder!"

Wang Ling: "!!!"





Chapter 1797 The behind-the-scenes storm hidden in Glio City


After bidding farewell to Mrs. Raven, everyone successfully met Jiugong Liangzi at the Starry Sky Tower.

While watching the scenery at the Starry Sky Tower, Wang Ling saw Jiugong Liangzi secretly find an opportunity to put the Gray Cult leader's token into Sun Rong's hand. Then the two started talking.

Jiugong Liangzi: "I think this Mrs. Raven has a secret. She is also a businessman. Walwolf's business network covers the entire Mixiu Country. It generates tens of billions of revenue every year. Just to give it to you for a variety show? This It’s too unrealistic."

"I... feel the same way." Sun Rong nodded: "Originally I didn't want to take this. But now the principal has agreed. He said that this is an action that brings glory to the country. And he also said. .."

Jiugong Liangzi was confused: "What else can you say?"

Sun Rong said dumbfounded: "He also said that this was the result of his comprehensive consideration, because starting from our class, all competitions with classmates Wang Ling have won. So Principal Chen felt that Wang Ling is a mascot. So this is a sure win."

"..."

Jiugong Liangzi sighed.

There is no doubt that Wang Ling is a very dangerous mascot...

This time, various forces are mixed together. Jiugong Liangzi feels that what is going to happen next may become interesting.

"Liangzi, where are you going to live next? Is safety guaranteed?" Sun Rong asked.

"I have no problem. Seniors Qin Zhong and Xiang Yi followed me. And they also got free hotel coupons on the plane. We are now staying at a resort hotel on the edge of Glio City. The location of that place is excellent. No The control range of any force is a blind spot."

Jiugong Liangzi said: "If we settle down here, we can intervene from the outside to support you at any time."

"As expected of senior Qin Zhong."Sun Rong sighed.

"Compared to me, you should worry about yourself."

Jiugong Liangzi said: "There is obviously a problem with this variety show challenge. Although it is not sure what the purpose of Mrs. Raven is yet. But you have to be careful. There is currently a conflict between Chilan Club and the Army. But there is no result yet."

"After all, this operation was authorized by the church. I'm afraid the church has negotiated with Mecoasi." Sun Rong said.

"I don't think it's that simple."

Jiugong Liangzi said: "As far as I know, according to the forces of Mixiu Country, when the church, the military and local forces have disputes, there is actually a peacemaking organization that overrides the three. It is affiliated to the Mixiu Country Cultivation Federation. Sent by Bian. I remember what it was called...Heavenly Dao Alliance?"

"Heavenly Dao alliance?"

"The Heavenly Dao Alliance does not belong to any city. It is a force directly under the Mixiu Country Head of State. Just for the sake of the Head of State, these forces have to give some face. Originally, we aroused conflicts between the two sides, but it was still very successful. If the Heavenly Dao Alliance intervenes at this time to mediate the conflict, even if they share the same hatred, they will point the finger at us."

Jiugong Liangzi rubbed his eyebrows and felt an unprecedented headache: "Now, Senior Xiang Yi has prepared for the worst."

"He doesn't mean to..."

"That's right. He has extracted the three parties' forces. So the photo of the leader of the forces. If he really can't figure it out in the end, he can only be the bad guy."

Jiugong Liangzi said: "At that time, whether it is the Pope of the Church or the leader of the Heavenly Dao Alliance, this silver bullet from Senior Xiang is enough to blow the head of any of them..."

"..."

...

That night, the Volute Hotel where everyone from Number 60 High School was placed was under martial law inside and outside. The person responsible for the martial law was not sent by the Huaguo Shui Lian Group, nor was it a local mercenary group. Instead, he belonged to Mrs. Raven. The direct troops of the affiliated force.

They are white warriors called "White Demons". They are all equipped with light armor. Each of them carries at least two samurai swords. The average realm is at the sixth level of Soul Formation!

These white warriors are like hailstones after spring thunder.

Thick people gathered from all directions, completely surrounding the Volute Hotel. Every guest staying at the Volute Hotel must be strictly screened for identity before being allowed to check in. "That's too exaggerated..." Outside the hotel suite. Chen Chao The others looked at the scene outside the floor-to-ceiling windows. Even though they were in high-rise buildings, they could clearly feel the busy figures of these white warriors dozens of meters below the ground.

"Whatever. Anyway, we have been targeted by the local forces now. Mrs. Raven did that to protect us." Guo Hao spread his hands and said, "Anyway, didn't she also make a promise to the Sun Rong boss? . The hotel’s financial losses due to the White Warrior’s protection issues will be paid three times as compensation."

Having said that.

But Sun Rong still feels vaguely uneasy.

The purpose of Mrs. Raven's doing this seems to be to protect them from successfully recording the upcoming variety show challenge, and to make various security arrangements.

But Sun Rong had an intuition deep down. She felt that the real purpose behind Mrs. Raven was not that simple. Especially after Jiugong Liangzi said those words to her, she even felt that Mrs. Raven's purpose was not that simple. Not simple.

...

At the same time, under the night, in front of St. Peter's Cathedral, Mrs. Raven slowly walked out of a limousine.

"I'll escort the lady in." Behind her, two white warriors came in an instant and appeared behind her.

"You don't have to go in. Wait for me at the door." Mrs. Raven's expression was calm. She moved her slightly blessed body and held a snow-white cane along the red carpet laid to the soles of her feet in front of St. Peter's Cathedral. Slowly Walk along the inside of the church.

The glazed tiles on the dome are shrouded in moonlight. They are noble and gorgeous, giving people a solemn and holy feeling.

At this moment, in St. Peter's Cathedral, the figure of Levis, the president of the Red Orchid Society, has already appeared here in advance. He is facing the portrait of the Virgin and is sitting on a wooden bench with half his buttocks. He is praying devoutly.

It wasn't until he heard the noise that he slowly opened his eyes and muttered: "Raven, you're here. And you didn't bring a guard. You're still as courageous as ever. You deserve to be called the Snow Queen of Glio City." The Empress' woman."

"It's all a false name given by others. It's okay not to mention it."

Mrs. Raven covered her mouth and squinted her eyes with a smile: "You, the Red Eagle of the Red Orchid Society, are not bad either. You were not frightened by the legendary general Maico Assi. You just stayed in your cave and didn't dare to come out. Already."

"I'm just curious. Why does a person who openly chooses to take sides have the courage to stand here." Levis laughed.

"Take sides? What sides?" Mrs. Raven pretended to be puzzled.

"You openly mobilized white warriors to protect those despicable foreigners. On the surface, it was to ensure the recording of the variety show challenge. But in fact, this is not an act of siding with others."

At this time, Levi showed a sinister smile: "Do you think the church will let you go so easily?





Chapter 1798 A major force that has been ignored


"hehe..."

Faced with such a question, Mrs. Raven was fearless. There was a hint of disdain in her unusually soft laughter, with a kind of confidence and calmness: "I respect the church. I also believe in the Virgin Mary. The brilliance of the Virgin Mary's existence will shine forever. Deep in everyone's heart, illuminate this kingdom forever. But this kingdom does not belong to the Virgin, nor does it belong to any of us."

Mrs. Raven paused. She opened her eyes and said, "Including this city called Glio City, the same is true. We should trust each other and abide by our duties. Instead of doing fearless things here. A war of words."

As soon as he finished speaking, inside the bright St. Peter's Cathedral, a burst of loud applause was refracted through the glazed tiles of the dome and spread throughout the church.

A heroic man with long blond hair applauded from the entrance of the church and walked along the red carpet. He was wearing a bright military uniform. The gorgeous shoulder pads were decorated with general badges. The front of his chest was covered with military honors. Chapter. As always, there is a kind of publicity unique to Maikeasi.

"Mrs. Raven said that well. But now it seems obvious that someone doesn't want us to do this."

Maikoasi held the general's sword hanging on his waist tightly and said: "Between you and Levi, one is white and the other is black. Rather than being in opposition, it is better to seek symbiosis. The church is the link that maintains us. There is no need to be at odds with the church. ."

Having said this, he faced the Virgin devoutly and made a prayer gesture: "After all, if you have trouble with the church, you will have trouble with the Virgin... The three of us gathered here are definitely not here to carve up the city of Glio. ."

"Maikeasi. I didn't expect that a big guy like you could say such literary and artistic words. It's really interesting. When did you start to learn to pray? I remember. You are not a very qualified person." Levis said with a smile. His voice was cold. Even when facing Maikeasi, he was still fearless.

"I am like this because of the influence of my daughter. She has become more well-behaved recently. She seems to be obsessed with a literary organization and is starting to become interested in learning."

Maikeasi smiled and said: "I don't want her to be like me. Walking my way...my way is not easy to walk. It is easy to encounter wild dogs on the road."

Buzz!

In an instant, the light of the sword struck down, bringing with it the glass that enveloped the church. The chair Levis sat on was cut into pieces in public. Levis did not react in time and fell down on the broken wood.

Meikoasi's shot was too fast. He didn't realize it at all. He fell to the ground in an instant.

There is no doubt. This is a shame. Levis was about to yell when he saw Maicoasi, who was standing in front of the portrait of the Virgin, turning half of his face to look at him. There was a faint murderous intent in his eyes. Instantly, from the top of his head, He poured it down along his spine: "Levis, my tolerance for you is still limited to the face of the Holy Mother. If it weren't for the church, you and your Chilan Society would have died without a burial place." Next time, if you dare to talk nonsense again, your head will explode."

There was murderous intent in his eyes. It was the look of a tiger staring at its prey. Levis sat on the ground, trying to stay calm.

Meiko Assi. It is just as rumored. He became stronger after coming out of seclusion...

If he hadn't spared that sword blow just now, I'm afraid his life would have been hard to save.

But even so, Levi's face did not show the slightest fear. Supported by an inexplicable confidence, his eyes met Maikeasi's again.

"It might be a blessing to have my head taken off by this legendary general in person. But Maico Assi, can you really take it off?" Levis laughed.

Mrs. Raven frowned deeply when she heard this. This was undoubtedly a provocation. And it was in such a disparity in strength. Even Madam Raven herself was not sure whether she had a chance of winning against Maiko Assi.

Levi's strength is so disparate that he dares to openly challenge him. Even with the support of the church, such confidence may not be enough.

"Kill!" Maikeasi was obviously irritated. His eyes were dark, with an unspeakable coldness and murderous intent.

The silver sword light intertwined with the glazed halo on the dome. It aimed at Levi's head and chopped it off in an instant. Such killing intent and momentum were really too awe-inspiring. Mrs. Raven had no doubt that Levi's head would soon be killed. Landed.

"Bang!"

However, in the next second, when Levi's and sword lights were about to intersect, a golden bullet penetrated from a distance. It shot out with brilliant light and fire, and exploded like the sun.

The light was so blazing that it stung the eyes of Maikeasi, Lady Raven.

A golden bullet. Accurately blocked Maikeasi's fatal sword. Saved Levi's head at the critical moment.

"Who dares to block my sword?" Maicoasi was furious. He didn't expect that his sword would be blocked at the critical moment.

"General, please be patient. I'm here to make peace."

A squinty-eyed man with short ear-length hair and a single-sided glasses, wearing a dark blue coat, slowly walked in from a distance.

"You are..." The sharpness in Maikeasi's eyes instantly faded. He stared at the person and frowned deeply. He always felt that the moire mark on this person's coat seemed to have been seen somewhere before.

"Heavenly Dao alliance."

The man with narrowed eyes spoke. He blew a wisp of smoke from the barrel of the gun.

The golden bullet just now was shot by him.

That bullet contained immortal energy. It was extremely powerful. It was a bullet condensed with cultivation. It directly blocked his general sword. This proves that this gun is at least a high-level anti-world magic weapon.

"General Maicoasi, don't get me wrong. I didn't mean to offend you. I am not strong. It is only because of this Heavenly Dao gun issued by the Heavenly Dao Alliance that I have a certain say in this world."

The man with narrowed eyes smiled and said: "Let me introduce you. I am the leader of the Heavenly Dao Alliance. Pei Luoqi."

A group leader?

Maikeasi frowned deeply.

Throughout Heavenly Dao, there are always six groups of people.

One group's strength is the most astonishing.

Pei Luoqi, the captain of the team, is known as the Heavenly Dao...

Maikeasi had heard of this person's name a long time ago.

I just didn't expect that this person would be the squinting man in front of me with a weird voice and a smile that hides a knife.

"I told you a long story, General Maicoasi. The purpose of my coming here is to mediate."

Pei Luoqi said: "Originally, I had no intention of getting involved in this matter, because recently my son has become obsessed with studying because of a literary organization. I originally wanted to stay at home to tutor him in his homework. But now you are in Glio City. You are fiercely arguing. As a team leader, I had to intervene in this matter."

As he spoke, he looked around at Maikeasi, Mrs. Raven and Levis, and said: "My Heavenly Dao gun is not here to protect anyone. What I am doing is to transform your conflicts into a unified external force." . Bullets of Justice..."

PS: What do you think the literary organization mentioned in the article refers to?





Chapter 1799 We are all fathers


"Here, it's always the fists that speak. Whoever has a stronger fist controls the truth." Maicoasi held the general's sword in his hand. He stared at Pei Luoqi with a hint of excitement in his eyes.

He is the leader of a group in the Heavenly Dao League. He has heard about it for a long time, so he is not going to miss this opportunity to compete.

As someone who has just stepped out of seclusion and entered a new realm, Maikoasi is really curious whether the Heavenly Dao Alliance's combat power is as incredible as the legend says.

Buzz!

Almost instantly. The sword was unsheathed. Meikoasi took action again. He held the general's sword and his sword energy was like a rainbow. It was incredibly fast.

This man is serious!

At the same time as they felt the murderous intent, Mrs. Raven and Levis also instantly retreated to both sides, keeping a distance between them.

St. Peter's Basilica was overturned in an instant. The portrait of the Virgin behind Maikoassi was swaying in the strong wind. The rope was torn off in public and floated away. This is unique to Maikoasi's madness. Once it is overtaken After that, the legendary general of Mixiu Country will become an out-and-out madman.

Facing the strong spiritual pressure and the terrifying edge that was about to attack his neck, Pei Luoqi stood still. He was far more calm than Mrs. Raven and Levi had imagined.

Previously, Pei Luoqi claimed that he had reached this point with the help of the Heavenly Dao gun in his hand. However, now he was standing in the field. Facing the sudden attack launched by Maico Assi, he remained as unmoving as a mountain. This is enough to prove that. What is extraordinary about this person.

"Clang!"

The sword struck Pei Luoqi's neck accurately, making a roar like the impact of divine iron.

His body was incredibly hard. He directly blocked Mecoasi's sword with the most ordinary posture. At the same time, traces of purple energy seeped out of Pei Luoqi's skin and wrapped around Mekoasi's general sword.

"Immortal anger?"

Mrs. Raven and Levi were shocked at the same time. They could feel that the purple gas coming out was extraordinary. They had already felt something extraordinary when the Heavenly Dao gun fired the golden bullet.

Now, this immortal energy was revealed again, causing both of them to fall into horror at the same time.

As expected...

Pei Luoqi. Leader of a group in the Heavenly Dao Alliance. After upgrading the Earth, he took the lead in entering the realm of Venerated Immortal.

Mecoasi's sword failed to cut off the head, but the expression on his face did not change much.

He snorted. Then he withdrew his general sword. He stared at Pei Luoqi, who was always squinting and smiling. He said with a coldness: "Why don't you take action."

"As I said below, it is to unite you all into one force and come to the outside world in unison. Therefore, from the beginning, there was no intention to fight against General Maicoasi."

Pei Luoqi said: "My original intention is to reconcile the contradiction. If I take action with General Maicoasi, it will be the opposite. At the same time, I also hope that General Maicoasi will understand. After all, we are all fathers. And we also have one. In A child who has fallen in love with studying recently."

"Huh. Boring..."

Hearing this, Maikeasi took back his sword.

He didn't like Pei Luoqi. From the moment this man walked into the church, Maikeasi felt that Pei Luoqi had an indescribable expression on his face.

"I don't know that General Maicoasi doesn't like me. But even so, our most important task right now is to cooperate sincerely and avoid being sown by the same opponents."

Pei Luoqi said: "This time I am here to talk to you. It also represents the meaning of the Great Pope."

As he spoke, Pei Luoqi took out a beautifully framed jade scroll from his arms: "This is a handwritten letter from the Pope. It also has the autograph and seal of the Grand Pope. Therefore, the result of my discussion with you this time is exactly the same. The final result of discussions with the Archpope."

"Why didn't the Archpope himself come?" Maikoasi wondered.

"The Great Pope is a man who loves learning. He has been obsessed with literature recently. Therefore, he cannot come in person." Pei Luoqi said.

"Knowledge is the ladder of progress. The Great Pope is still the same as before. He is a very motivated person."

Mrs. Raven came from the side. She had a smile on her face and moved her slightly fat body. The body that looked very heavy actually moved not slowly at all.

Maikeasi could feel that when he had just fought against Pei Luoqi, Raven and Levi's reaction speed had surpassed that before. The two of them had also hidden part of their strength, which was even more improved than before.

After confirming the letter from the Pope in Pei Luoqi's hand, Meikoasi sighed deeply. He stared at Pei Luoqi and said: "You intend to match us up. But we already have two or five young people here. Don't you?"

Hearing this, Mrs. Raven was the first to laugh: "General, there is no need to use such obscure rhetoric. You can just report my ID number directly. Yes. I have won over Miss Sun and their Number 60 High School members. Participate in the variety show challenge organized by this time. And sent his white warriors to protect them. But in fact, this is the meaning of the Great Pope."

"Is this what the Archpope means?"

Even Levis was shocked now.

Pei Luoqi smiled and said: "The purpose of the Great Pope's doing this is actually to bring Raven closer to those people. Therefore, it is necessary to make arrangements in advance. Including creating the Chilan Society led by President Levi and the Huaguo Shui Lian Group, Office of Strategic Deception the contradiction between."

"The nun who can be sent to my side is a member of the Tengu..."

For a moment, Levi felt that his brain was a little insufficient. But soon he thought of a horrifying possibility: "Could it be that...the Great Pope is..."

"That's right." Pei Luoqi said: "Now that things have happened, I will no longer hide it from you. The Great Pope is actually an Eight-Star Tengu. He has a very high status in the Tengu queue. And this time with Number 60 High The six high school students from Glio City who fought against the school were also carefully selected by the Archpope. They were also called the Six Prodigies..."

"I remember. Didn't you say there was another child?" Maicoasi frowned and asked.

"Yes." Pei Luoqi nodded: "There is a child. And this child is none other than the leader of the second group of our Heavenly Dao League. Jiuyun. He is very strong. But he was born with a childlike appearance. He has always maintained the figure of a child. This trip is also the core of command in the 6+1 mode..."

...

While St. Peter's Cathedral was secretly plotting the variety show challenge, in the suite of the Volute Hotel, classmate Wang Ling, who is also the "father", was also discussing specific countermeasures with everyone at Number 60 High School.

Just half an hour ago. Sun Rong, as the leader of Gray Cult, published a piece of coordinate information on the exclusive Gray Cult app using the key on the token.

Emergency call. Within the city limits of Glio. Any Gray Cult who can help...

Just half an hour later.

In a private room of the hotel, a little girl who looked only twelve years old suddenly knocked on the door mysteriously.

Sun Rong opened the door: "Who are you?"

"My name is Mike Abei. Sister, you can call me Xiaobei."

The little girl smiled and said, "I'm here to find the legendary leader of Gray Cult."





Chapter 1800 Tonight. All of us are Gray Cult leaders!


Mike Abe.

A little girl wearing a light blue dress. She is obviously not very old, but she dyed her beautiful pink curly hair.

When everyone at Number 60 High School knew the little girl's name inside the door, they all invariably connected it with the name of the legendary Mixiu Country general, Mike Assi.

Chen Chao was shocked: "Is this the daughter of the legendary general? She is also a Gray Cult believer?"

Everyone gasped. There are very few Gray Cult believers who can go all the way to this location without any hindrance. And Mike Abei has the identity of the daughter of General Mike Assi to protect him. Even if the white warriors at the door saw Mike Abei Nor would he have thought that the daughter of this legendary general came to the hotel not for entertainment but to see the leader of Gray Cult.

To be on the safe side, everyone at Number 60 High School is still preparing to act according to the previously agreed upon plan.

It is true that Sun Rong is the leader of Gray Cult. However, after all, the influence of all forces in Glio City is very complicated. Without in-depth contact, everyone feels that it is better not to reveal Sun Rong's identity as the leader of Gray Cult. Better.

So during the meeting with the believers, several people discussed it and let Sun Rong stay in the room inside and command the operations remotely. The rest of the people were responsible for taking turns playing the role of the leader of Gray Cult.

Even the order has been decided.

The first person to play the role of the leader of Gray Cult was Guo Hao.

When the door to the suite opened, Mike Abei walked in full of longing. There was a little starlight in her eyes, as if she had embarked on a path to cutting-edge literature and was about to realize her ideals.

"Hello. Miss Xiaobei. I am...the leader of Gray Cult."

Then, all this followed Guo Hao's greeting, like a basin of cold water pouring down directly.

There was obvious surprise on Mike's little face. She looked at the fat little fat man in front of her. For a moment, she felt as if her dream had been shattered: "You...you are...the leader of Gray Cult?" "

"What? Are you disappointed..." Seeing the eclipsed face of Mike Abei, Guo Hao himself was also deeply shocked.

He didn't do anything wrong. He was just entrusted to protect the true identity of Sun Rong and went into battle. Unexpectedly, he was despised by the Gray Cult believers from Glio City in the first round.

"No. Not disappointed."

Mike Abei tried his best to keep a smile. He shook his head: "It's despair."

Guo Hao: "..."

The rest of the crowd: "..."

Mike Abei: "The Gray Cult leader I imagine is a person enveloped in light. Not a person enveloped in fat..."

Guo Hao: "..."

It can be seen that after Mike Abei said this, Guo Hao almost felt a little unable to sit still. However, for the sake of the overall situation, the rest of the people stood in a row behind Guo Hao, firmly holding Guo Hao's shoulders. Press and hold.

The scene was indeed a bit embarrassing. Even Wang Ling began to feel a little embarrassed for Guo Hao. Although Guo's body was slightly swollen, he was actually a flexible fat man. As one of the elite class students. Number 60 High School also ranks among the best in the physical education examination.

Have you ever been so humiliated...

It is not terrible to be despised by the people around you. After all, the more insulting you are, the closer the relationship is.

But being approached by a complete stranger was such a head-on blow. Guo Hao instantly felt a heartbreaking pain. He could hardly bear it!

Perhaps he realized that what he said was a bit too much. Mike Abei's little face was immediately filled with a smile: "Ah. I'm sorry. Lord Leader. Actually, I didn't mean that. Many of my words were unintentional. I don't know why. In After seeing your face, because the gap with my heart was so big, I blurted out involuntarily..."

"No problem, no problem..."

Guo Hao tried to stay calm: "Speaking of which, Xiaobei. Since you saw me posting the coordinates and coming here, you should know what happened, right? And you should know. Your identity is very special..."

"Of course I know."

Mike Abei said: "My father is Mixiu Country's legendary general Mike Assi. It is for this reason. When I first went upstairs, none of the white warriors dared to stop me or follow me. They all thought I was here to do this. My son is a beautician."

"A little girl still does beauty treatments?" Guo Hao laughed.

"Of course girls need to take care of themselves. Otherwise, when the fat accumulates, you won't be able to lose weight even if you want to." Mike Abei replied with a smile. And this sentence once again made Guo Hao feel like he had been hit in the knee. arrow.

"Let's not talk about this, Xiaobei...you know. I need your help now."

"No problem! Although the appearance of the leader of Gray Cult disappoints me. But I am a loyal Gray Cult believer. Your image is still a paper figure in my heart. I just need to forget your appearance when I look back. ...Gray Cult Leader. It can only be what I think in my heart!"

Mike Abei said with a hint of yearning in his eyes: "Look. A grain of dust in the times...what a beautiful sentence!"

Wang Ling, Sun Rong, the rest: "..."

"Are you sure it's okay, Xiaobei? We want you to be our spy. And we need you to provide information about your father Maico Assi's movements..." Guo Hao asked.

"Of course, no problem! My father has never had time to accompany me. He often shouts about becoming bigger and stronger outside. I wish he would be embarrassed outside. It would be better if he is embarrassed enough to stay at home."

Mike Abei smiled and said: "It would be great if my father could fall. In this case, I can prepare a cage at home and keep my father in it."

Wang Ling: "?"

Guo Hao, Qi and others: "..."

After hearing what Mike Abei said, everyone at Number 60 High School was a little shocked.

Sure enough. Even the pink hair is black...

This is too terrible!

Who would have thought that the legendary daughter of a legendary general would actually be a yandere...

"Okay Xiaobei... you passed the interview. I will ask for your advice later. I will contact you through the exclusive Gray Cult app." Guo Hao said while trying to hold back his cold sweat.

"I understand the leader..."

Mike Abei nodded. Then he waved his hands to everyone in the room: "Then let's chat online."

Then. She left the room directly.

Number 60 High School, for some reason, everyone breathed a sigh of relief...

Just by receiving Mike Abei, Guo Hao felt that he had lost half his life.

"Can this person really be trusted?" At this time, Guo Hao asked doubtfully.

"I think it's okay..." Chen Chao said: "Her expression just now was not fake. She really wanted to put her father in a cage and raise him."

"..."

Wang Ling sighed inwardly.

He had only heard of "a loving father and a filial son". But he didn't know that there was also "a loving father and a filial daughter"...
