Chapter 2201 Abandoned Factory


Lao Huang led Wang Ling, Sun Rong to an abandoned factory in the suburbs. Various Wolong and Fengchu gathered here.

Pushing the half-open rusty door a little deeper, there was a harsh sound. Wang Ling put his trouser pockets in his pocket. He followed Lao Huang and Sun Rong into the factory. Li.

He deliberately changed into a sweatshirt before entering the door, put on a hood and a mask, and covered himself tightly.

The original purpose of the gathering of ability users was to share intelligence. But in fact, in addition to sharing intelligence, the people who came here also wanted to collect more information about competitors.

Before many people gathered, they had heard that there was a painter who majored in the unpopular traditional bow major in college. He would lead two high school students who were engaged in outdoor training to complete this competition task. Most of them had the mentality of watching the fun.

As soon as Wang Ling and Sun Rong arrived, many people couldn't help but laugh out loud.

"I thought I received fake news. I didn't expect that there was actually a brother who brought two oil bottles to compete with the big guys." A monk sitting on an empty oil drum shouted. There was a burst of noise around him. The sound of laughter.

Wang Ling felt calm in his heart. He tilted his neck. He had heard a lot of such ridicule since he was a child. He had long been used to it.

As for Sun Rong, during the days she was practicing at Number 60 High School, she gradually regained her temper as a young lady in the past and became much calmer.

Otherwise, according to Sun Rong's previous temper, these people would probably be dragged to Shenjiang.

Wang Ling calmly observed the surroundings. He found that the so-called ability users in this factory were not all brainless. There were some calm people among them who were secretly watching their actions.

"Cough--" Amidst the laughter, a light suddenly shone down from above the factory. Along with a slender man, the voices of the people around him suddenly fell silent.

Although this man has a thin body, he is full of energy. Just a slight cough is like a thunderous explosion. The breath of an endless powerful man rolls in. The spiritual pressure is so strong that it is difficult for those around him to breathe.

"Everyone has made progress little by little from the bottom of the cultivator. There is no need to laugh at these juniors in the world of cultivation. They have the heart to join the training. As seniors, we should encourage them." He walked around and spoke. . The fingers with distinct phalanges are adorned with various gemstones. The slender fingers are a blessing for hand control.

Everyone around them looked in awe. No one dared to speak out to refute.

You know it. This person has a transcendent status among this group of capable people. He is a highly respected person.

It was not that Lao Huang had not done any investigation on this person. He whispered to Wang Ling and Sun Rong: "This is the leader of the ability user group Number 1. Huang Tingjian."

Wang Ling put his trouser pockets in. He glanced at the average strength of the ability users around him. The lowest level is at the early stage of Nascent Soul. The average level is at the early stage of Soul Formation. The person with the highest level is the name standing at the top. The group leader named Huang Tingjian.

The realm of this leader of the Yellow Group is at the peak of the ninth level of Itinerant Immortal. He is only a little short of being able to leap into the realm of True Immortal. Among the standards of ordinary monks, his talent is already very high.

Of course. Compared with the many geniuses Wang Ling has seen, Huang Tingjian's talent is very average.

"I know. Everyone who was invited to gather here today must have come here for the purpose of exchanging information. But this information, true or false, is too confusing. Is this melon kept cooked or not? It still needs to be done. You can judge for yourself."

Huang Tingjian showed off the gems in his hand and said, "But I have some intelligence information here. And this information has not been opened so far. It was written by... Zhi Jiunian."

Wisdom lasts a long time?

Hearing this name, there was an uproar at the scene.

Because this is the name of the leader of another group of ability users. And it has a resounding name and status among these countless ability users.

Wang Ling can be seen. The leaders of these groups of ability users are more about building a bridge for transporting ability users for this infinite group in the universe.

I had no interest in directly joining the company as a worker. Being able to recruit such talents just proves that these group owners have secrets that may interest Wang Ling.

As for other ability users, Wang Ling feels that they can be completely ignored.

Although they are said to be capable people, most of them rely on their own abilities and have the cultivation level of a mid-to-high-end talented monk. Their own cultivation talents are often poor.

After looking at these people Wang Ling, I feel that there is no need to understand them at all.

On the contrary, it is these group leaders who gather the ability users...

Wang Ling feels that these talents are the focus.

To put it bluntly, the leaders of these groups of capable people are intermediaries.

To put it mildly, it's headhunting.

They are specifically responsible for discovering these capable people who have high self-esteem. Then they will be refined through various screenings. Finally, they will introduce the real talents into the designated companies. At that time, the task will be completed.

And they will also receive more generous commissions and various rewards than these ability users in return.

"So. The real interview question is not about catching the aliens who are smuggling. It is about starting from various intermediate links." After Wang Ling's analysis, Sun Rong also came to think of it. Come.

There are talent interview routines here. As the future corporate successor of Huaguo Shui Lian Group, Sun Rong has been exposed to some of them more or less.

At this moment, Huang Tingjian was holding a scroll: "You must have heard of Master Zhi's name. This information was provided by Master Zhi. The credibility is very high. Who can get this information." There is a probability of more than 80% that we can complete the mission issued by the company and successfully become a member of the infinite universe. But to get this information, you need to show some skills."

As he spoke, he tied a chain to the scroll and hung it high above the abandoned factory.

"Everyone, the scroll is right here. Whoever can touch the scroll first, the information inside will belong to him." Huang Tingjian laughed condescendingly. His voice echoed throughout the abandoned factory.

And in the next second, the eyes of almost all ability users in the entire abandoned factory were focused on the scroll hanging upside down by chains on the top floor of the abandoned factory.

Wang Ling knows. This battle is about to break out.

At this moment, he put his hands in his pockets and slowly walked forward. The wind whistled rhythmically along with Wang Ling's pace. It was like bagpipes coming from afar. At this time, it was like slaps of slaps. On everyone's cheek...

Remember the top novel in 1 second:. Mobile version reading URL:





Chapter 2202 That year he had his hands in his pockets...


Wang Ling wore a hood and stepped forward step by step. From the moment he entered the factory, no one took such an ordinary high school student seriously.

This group of monks who claim to be system capable people do not follow the orthodox path. They only obtain abilities by completing so-called system tasks and think very highly of themselves. Wang Ling does not bother to argue with them. After all, there is no happiness in cultivation. Comparable.

Although Wang Ling's ability continues to grow day after day, it was not very happy at first. But on the road of finding ways to suppress his own ability, Wang Ling gradually found new fun.

Others are trying every possible means to make themselves stronger. Wang Ling is trying every possible means to make themselves look less strong.

It’s the same happiness of cultivation. It’s just that the way of happiness is different.

The world is so big. Wang Ling It is undeniable. Maybe there are real system capable people in this world. But those in the factory in front of us. Wang Ling cannot praise them.

Just relying on King's Eyes ability, he has seen through too much.

"The scroll is mine! No one can snatch it from me!" someone yelled from the front.

With this shout, countless people came forward to fight for it excitedly. You fought for it, and the crowd instantly became a fight.

It's pretty much what Wang Ling, Sun Rong imagined. These people have the realm that they have accumulated through the so-called system. But they are not good at physical skills at all.

In Wang Ling's view, these people's fights are more like children's boxing. They are even far inferior to the physical skills of Chen Chao and Guo Hao, his two good brothers from Number 60 High School.

The scene was very chaotic. It was also very eye-catching.

Such weak physical skills would be impossible to graduate from Number 60 High School.

Wang Ling didn't care at all. He walked out leisurely, as if taking a leisurely stroll. He didn't pay attention to this group of people at all. He had a sense of intimidation. On the way there, fighting was raging around him. Everyone suddenly became quiet again.

He walked all the way. The noisy fighting in the factory gradually subsided. Wang Ling seemed to have a magical power that could make everyone around him quiet down...

At least in Sun Rong's eyes. That's what it looks like.

But at this moment, the people who were fighting were actually frightened and speechless by the aura emanating from Wang Ling. They seemed to be able to see a large amount of spiritual energy, just like the one in the movie Wang Ling. Ocean-like blood spurted out from Wang Ling's Tianling Cap. In just a few seconds, it almost submerged the entire factory...

At this time, Huang Tingjian, who was standing at the top, was also shocked. He found that he could not see through the young man in front of him.

He is obviously a high school student. But Wang Ling's aura is so majestic that he is like an eternal monster.

"Which high school student is this from..." Huang Tingjian began to have a strong curiosity about Wang Ling. He tried to test it. The result was that behind Wang Ling, a figure with a face covered with bandages. His back Born with eight wings. The spirit of Dharma, wearing dark ancient armor all over his body, suddenly appeared in Huang Tingjian's eyes.

He couldn't call out the name of the spirit of Dharma. He saw in the next second that the spirit of Dharma quickly pulled out an arrow from the quiver at his hip and placed it on the bowstring.

then!

A whoosh!

An ink arrow pierced directly from the front. It almost pierced Huang Tingjian's ear.

Huang Tingjian was frightened. Beads of sweat immediately flowed down his face.

As a person with some basic knowledge of cultivation, he knew immediately that if this arrow had not been released, it would probably kill him directly.

However, this ink-style Dharma Spirit successfully diverted Huang Tingjian's attention from Wang Ling to Lao Huang.

This style is very obvious. It comes from the style of this painter. Moreover, this painter named Huang majored in traditional bows in college. It is not surprising to have such a spiritual guardian of the Dharma.

The key is. This directly explains why this high school student has such powerful spiritual energy flowing in his body...

"Did you borrow the light of this painter surnamed Huang?"

Huang Tingjian frowned.

After some brainstorming, he reasoned everything out into completely reasonable answers. Otherwise, it would be too exaggerated for a high school student to have such a powerful aura.

In fact, this Dharma Appearance Spirit is not Lao Huang's Dharma Appearance Spirit. Instead, Wang Ling used King's Eyes to derive it based on Lao Huang's characteristics. The purpose is to mislead.

And it's obvious that Wang Ling's misdirection worked.

No one could stop Wang Ling from getting the scroll. Including Huang Tingjian. Everyone watched quietly as the male high school student in the Foundation Building slowly walked under the chain with his pockets in his pockets. With a simple primer, the scroll was pulled off. Then it was thrown into Lao Huang's hand.

At this moment, it seemed that everyone in the room understood what was going on. Only Lao Huang was still confused.

He actually differentiated his own Dharma Spirit. Let a high school student come and grab the scroll...

The key is that they are unable to stop Wang Ling.

This is a big shot!

Many people lowered their eyebrows. The panic in their hearts could not be eliminated. Many people even began to regret it. They should not have yelled at Senior Huang in the first place. They should have ridiculed him for taking two people for outdoor training. High school students came to compete with them for information.

Even Huang Tingjian changed his face. He changed into a respectful attitude.

He fell from the sky and came straight to Old Huang. He bowed and said: "Senior Huang, speaking of it, you and I still have the same family name. I was rude before. I didn't expect that Senior Huang has such a powerful spirit of Dharma. His painting skills, The archery skills have all reached the pinnacle..."

Lao Huang had no idea what had happened to White Hair. He touched his head. But he had to shoot as the arrow was on the string. He really wanted a stable job, so he took the initiative to extend his hand and shook it back. He was as humble as ever: " So Mr. Huang, according to regulations, this scroll?"

"The information in this scroll naturally belongs to Senior Huang." Huang Tingjian did not dare to hold it directly. Instead, he took a step back and bowed his fists respectfully: "Senior Huang, you don't have to be so polite. You can call me Xiao Huang..."

He knew it all too well. What these high-level cultivation masters like to do most is nothing but testing. They may seem elegant and easy-going, but in fact every step they take is a testing.

If you make the wrong choice, your life may be in danger!

"Xiao Huang. Isn't this bad?"

Lao Huang thinks this is quite impolite. Huang Tingjian's ethics are clearly deeper than his own. How can he be called Xiao Huang?

As a result, Huang Tingjian thought that Old Huang was angry. He knelt down and bowed down in front of everyone. He kowtowed heavily and said, "I overstepped my bounds. Seniors can call juniors whatever they want!"

He was really frightened.

That arrow just now was a show of force!

If you don't bow your head at this time, you will probably be killed directly by this senior Huang Shengdong!

Lao Huang: "..."

Remember the top novel in 1 second:. Mobile version reading URL:





Chapter 2203 The scam appears


Latest website: Lao Huang doesn't know what happened specifically. But he seems to have become the "spokesperson" of Wang Ling inexplicably.

In fact, he can feel the extraordinaryness of Wang Ling. And he can feel an inexplicable sense of intimacy in this young man.

And this feeling is not the kind of emotion an elder brother has for his younger brother. This made Lao Huang feel a little embarrassed for a time, because he really had the mentality of an old father when facing Wang Ling.

How can anyone recognize his father as soon as he comes up? This is very rude. Besides, he knows that Wang Ling and Sun Rong are not ordinary high school students in the Foundation Building.

Lao Huang couldn't help but smile bitterly in his heart. He said he was doing research on the practical training of high school students in the Foundation Building period. But it turned out that he seemed to be following him for an internship.

Based on this natural intimacy and invisible tacit understanding. In addition, Lao Huang has an old father's mentality. He did not expose Wang Ling. Instead, he chose to cooperate and protect.

He cleared his throat and asked Huang Tingjian directly: "How dare you swear to God that the information in this scroll is really reliable?"

"Absolutely reliable. Senior." Huang Tingjian replied respectfully: "This information originally came from the hands of Zhi Jiunian. I have also checked it in private. There is no falsehood."

What was recorded in the scroll was the coordinate information of the common destinations of the group of smuggled aliens. The information was indeed reliable. But Huang Tingjian could not figure out that with the strength of the senior Huang in front of him, he needed to be affiliated with a company to earn a living. So he I think there must be a special intention in this. But the outrageous actions and ideas of these powerful people are not something that he, a junior, can interfere with.

As Huang Tingjian who has accumulated some experience in the cultivation circle and is also a senior headhunter, Huang Tingjian understands the world of people better than anyone else.

He rolled his eyes. Then he suddenly faced behind him. He waved his sleeves and a pink mist spread out from his sleeves. Then it spread quickly.

The large group of system-ability cultivators in the rear were unable to react in time. Each one of them seemed to be in a fog. The holes gradually turned pink.

Wang Ling knows. This is an illusion. An illusion that can erase memories based on psychological suggestion.

"What happened here today. No one will remember that Senior Huang brought two high school students here... No one will remember what happened..." Huang Tingjian spoke to the people behind him. He spoke in an ethereal way. The voice was read silently three times.

Those people behind him fainted on the spot.

Then, he faced Old Huang again and clasped his fists: "Senior Huang, please don't worry. This junior has already dealt with everything. After these people wake up, no one will remember what happened to Senior Huang. Senior Huang's thoughts, I know I have other ideas." Deep meaning. So I don’t want to ask so many questions. At the same time, I will not mention today’s events to anyone. If seniors are worried, please erase my memory."

"..."

Lao Huang didn't expect Huang Tingjian to be so capable. But in fact, he really didn't have any so-called deep meaning. The original idea of coming here was just to find a reliable and high-paying job.

He was silent for a moment. He winked at Wang Ling and Sun Rong. Then he continued to raise his posture and asked: "You are very sensible. Xiao Huang. So, what are the questions of my two little friends?" I wonder if you can also answer it?"

"This... is natural... the younger generation must tell everything they know..." Huang Tingjian said.

Sun Rong glanced at Wang Ling. He quickly seized the opportunity and asked: "Is the thing about system capabilities real? Does the system really exist in this world?"

This question is obviously a bit out of scope. And it's obviously not that Huang Tingjian doesn't know the answer. It's just that for some reason he can't directly answer Sun Rong's question.

When I saw Huang Tingjian's reaction Wang Ling, I understood everything at once. It was obvious that Huang Tingjian was afraid of something. He was hindered by Lao Huang's realm, so he was respectful. It was just like he knew about the people with this system ability. The real inside story and the big boss lurking behind the inside story. This caused Huang Tingjian to fall into a situation where neither party dared to offend.

Because he couldn't tell which of the two sides was stronger or weaker.

At this time, keeping silent is the best choice.

"I'm sorry, Senior Huang. There are some things... junior is caught in the middle. It's not easy to deal with." Huang Tingjian looked embarrassed.

Lao Huang was not a person who liked to make things difficult for others. He did not continue to force Huang Tingjian. Instead, he turned around and left with the scroll.

Sun Rong also knows. In this situation, there is indeed no need to continue asking.

She thought of many things in an instant. She had many thoughts: "It seems that there is indeed something hidden behind these system ability users."

Wang Ling put his pockets in his pocket. He looked at Sun Rong. He tilted his head. The breeze blew his bangs: "What do you think? Tell me?"

"I feel that there is no real system capability in this world. In other words, these so-called systems are preset scams from the beginning."

Sun Rong sighed: "Of course. I don't have any evidence. This is...as a girl's intuition! Hmm! Intuition!"

"But there's one thing I haven't figured out. If these system capabilities are all a scam, then why does the Universe Infinite Group still recruit these people in the name of recruiting talented people?"

"The cultivation talents of these people are very mediocre. They have achieved this level by relying on the so-called system. When they were just in the factory, I thought their combat experience was not as good as our classmates from Number 60 High School."

"I think when Chen Chao and Guo Hao come out of seclusion with their master from Huishuo Mountain, I'm afraid they will have to be separated by several levels."

"Miss Sun's words are indeed rough words. These system ability users are indeed empty-headed. Their own cultivation quality is not high." It's not just Sun Rong. Even Lao Huang has the same view.

Judging from the system ability users he has come into contact with so far. Wang Ling, Sun Rong, Lao Huang can clearly feel the weakness of these system ability users... and this feeling gives people. Just like those rich kids who rely on drugs to constantly build themselves up to achieve short-term spiritual growth. There is a feeling that the gold on the outside is ruined on the outside.

After all, in the modern world of cultivation, it is not difficult to rely on modern technology and hard work to improve one's realm. Monks with extraordinary talents like Wang Ling are ultimately a very small minority among a very small number.

In order to allow their children to obtain better educational resources, as long as the conditions allow the family, the children will become medicine jars from birth. With all kinds of good tonics added to them, they will be like a bird that continues to expand in a short period of time. The balloon. As for when it will be blown up, there is no way of knowing...

:.Mobile version reading URL:





Chapter 2204 Jiujiu, who has little talent and little knowledge


The fate between Lao Huang and the Infinite Universe Group seems to be somewhat unreasonable. The root of everything is that Lao Huang was successfully "resurrected" from the virtual character identity in the real world by Wang Ling. He officially became a real person. After being admitted, I have the idea of finding a job. That's all.

But the series of intricate interest entanglements involved behind the scenes were unexpected by Wang Ling, Sun Rong. After parting ways with Huang Tingjian, a powerful headhunter.

Wang Ling sat in Lao Huang's car and deduce it with his fingers. Then his brows knitted together.

It was just a micro-expression. It was still keenly captured by Sun Rong. After all, when you are with the person you like, it is really difficult not to look at the other person's face.

Although Sun Rong has shown great restraint. She is always telling herself to calm down and not show that worthless look. But there is no way... Wang Ling is around. She just knows how to do it. Can't help but take a second look.

No, she even saw the frown on her face. She found that Wang Ling was not completely devoid of emotional reactions. She didn't know if it was because of Talisman's looseness. She found that Wang Ling's expression had changed recently. It's much richer. Although in most cases the expression only changes in a moment.

"Is there any problem?" Sun Rong asked as he looked at Wang Ling with a smile.

"..." Facing Sun Rong's question. Wang Ling fell silent.

Because he figured out that the plot behind this matter was indeed complicated. He thought it was just a knot. But when he followed the knot, he found a huge fishing net. It almost connected many things together by looking at the small and seeing the big.

The reason why this Universe Infinite Group recruits talented people is not only related to the secret module formation arranged by the octopus men arrested by the river on the way to Lao Huang's house by Wang Ling, Sun Rong. It even involves the center of the earth. Plan and Bai Zhe.

If you want, Wang Ling can directly follow these nodes that you have deduced. Break them into pieces one by one and go straight to see clearly.

But that would be too boring.

So Wang Ling finally retracted his idea of continuing the deduction. Anyway, the general context of the matter has been clarified. Everything else may as well just let nature take its course.

It can be said that this is also the current situation created by Wang Ling's original choice.

If he hadn't brought Lao Huang back to reality from the virtual world and given him a real life, then nothing like this would have happened.

It can be said that the appearance of Lao Huang is like a chess piece accidentally laid by Wang Ling. And it will play a vital role in the entire chessboard.

...

Southern suburb of Songhai. Nanxian Village. A young man in simple clothes works relying on the beautiful landscape of Nanxian Village. He is a famous craftsman on the Internet. He is famous on the Internet for publishing various short videos on the platform.

The works he published include, but are not limited to, cultivating spiritual plants, raising spiritual animals in captivity, and using natural resources to cook various farmhouse delicacies. Wait a minute! Network ID: Jiujiu who has little talent and little knowledge.

There is a nice male voice dubbing him in these videos. Jiujiu himself can hardly speak. Most people's impression of this video blogger is that he covers his eyes with a piece of white gauze and works. Cooperation The natural scenery of the pastoral mountains and rivers behind it always makes a group of monks who work hard in the city imagine and yearn for it.

No one knows that Jiujiu, who has little talent and little knowledge, is actually another headhunter who is as famous as Huang Tingjian in the cultivation circle: Zhi Jiunian.

With the income from Tianyuan Live's short videos, Zhi Jiunian has a certain self-sufficient economic foundation to complete his greater career.

On weekdays, I will hold a live broadcast of bubble tea. I will introduce the tea brewing method to the fans in the live broadcast room. Then I will promote the effects of drinking tea for a long time. For example, it can cleanse the marrow, exercise, and purify the spiritual roots. Then I will bring some goods. . Hang a few tea links in your live broadcast room. Just give them away and you can earn more than 100,000 Huaxiu national currency a day.

This money is so easy to come by, which makes Zhi Jiunian happy. Of course, the main reason why he can do this job is that he caught the trend of short video live broadcast. As long as he is on the trend, even a pig can get up.

He leisurely brewed tea, sipping tea in such a leisurely landscape. With his handsome appearance, he gathered many live broadcast room viewers.

A live broadcast lasts no more than two hours. When the time is up, a beautiful girl in ancient costume enters the picture. She respectfully salutes everyone in front of the camera. Then with a smile, she says: "Thank you everyone for your support in revitalizing rural areas." As a new farmer, Jiujiu has the confidence to lead the villagers of Nanxian Village towards common prosperity. Today’s live broadcast in the afternoon is almost time. We will start the broadcast on time in the evening. See you there or not."

The barrage in the live broadcast room began to scroll rapidly with the appearance of the little girl.

"Ah, Jiujiu's sister! My sister's voice is so beautiful. I waited so long in the live broadcast room just to wait for my sister to appear!"

"After Jiujiu has finished broadcasting, can my sister live broadcast for a while longer?"

"Hey. The time is too short. Only two hours."

From beginning to end, the little girl always had a smile on her face. She never answered anyone's words and directly turned off the live broadcast button.

After seeing that the live broadcast was completely shut down, she breathed a sigh of relief. She looked at Zhi Jiunian aside and said with a sigh: "Boss, Brother Lu Jing's interview didn't go well. The Universe Infinite Group doesn't seem to have much interest in them. Moreover, Know their intention of entering the group."

There is actually no biological relationship between her and Zhi Jiunian. It is just the bond between the boss and the assistant. However, for the effect of the live broadcast, Lu Xiao set up a sister persona for herself to facilitate communication with the audience in the live broadcast room. They communicate.

"As expected."

Over at the teahouse, Lu Jing, headed by Huang Mao, was blocked from interviewing the Universe Infinite Group. This was within Zhi Jiunian's expectation. The boss behind the Universe Infinite Group was also an old fox. He had heard about it for a long time.

Anchors like him can have all the power on the Internet. Many people respect them as teachers. But if they are the truly powerful bosses in the industry, they will not treat them as a piece of cake.

Zhi Jiunian did not take off his blindfold. He was wearing a white robe. He picked up the bamboo pole beside him and asked: "Lu Jing's side. If you really can't get in for the interview, just ask them to come back. Apart from this, you should There's something else you want to tell me."

"Yes. Boss."

Lu Xiao nodded. He said with a somewhat solemn expression, "I just received the news during the live broadcast. The group of octopus men by the river were arrested by the Cultivation Inspection Department."

"Arrested?" Zhi Jiunian frowned.

"Yes. It is said that two high school students passing by caught them and reported illegal construction. Then Zhuo Yi came and killed them all."

Lu Xiao said: "Currently, the employer is very dissatisfied. And because of the arrest of this group of octopus men, the module array may be leaked. If the Cultivation Inspection Department continues to investigate thoroughly, it may mess up the situation. Even more chaotic..."





Chapter 2205 Tacit understanding and fate


It takes a genius to remember the address of this website in one second: [New] https://Fastest updates! No ads!

The octopus man was arrested. This was beyond Zhi Jiunian's expectation. After learning the information from Lu Xiao, he immediately frowned. A low pressure immediately formed around him. Even though he couldn't see any eyes. Lu Xiao Xiao Du could feel Zhi Jiunian's anger from under the blindfold.

Zhi Jiunian frowned and blamed: "It's such an important thing. Why don't you just interrupt the live broadcast to tell me?"

"Yes...I'm sorry..." Lu Xiao was a little scared instinctively. He couldn't help but take a step back.

Zhi Jiunian's realm was profound, far beyond the comparison of Lu Xiao and a Golden Core. Even without any spiritual pressure, just by turning his head and glancing in Lu Xiao's direction, Lu Xiao could already feel a great pressure. Cold sweat instantly ran down her back, soaking into her Han attire.

"That's all."

Zhi Jiunian took a deep breath. He calmed down his mind again and remained clear.

His intuition told him that the arrest of the octopus man was far from as simple as it seemed. The whole thing looked like two high school students accidentally passing by the riverside. They saw suspicious aliens and casually reported them. This caused a cultivator inspection. Secretary's attention.

But why would two high school students appear there at this time?

Zhi Jiunian touched his chin. He felt that something was a little unusual: "Can you find out anything about these two high school students?"

"I have already inquired about the boss..." Lu Xiao quickly replied: "They are students from Number 60 High School. It is said that the two of them are following a senior named Huang for outdoor training. However, the outdoor training happened after the report After the incident."

"Senior named Huang? Is he a member of Huang Tingjian?" Remember the website address m.xbequge.com

"No...it's just the same name. It is said that Senior Huang is extremely powerful. He defeated Huang Tingjian and obtained the scroll you gave him from Huang Tingjian."

"It's interesting."

Zhi Jiunian raised the corners of his lips and revealed a mysterious smile: "I can roughly guess the relationship between these two high school students and this senior Huang."

"Eh?" Lu Xiao was puzzled.

Zhi Jiunian did not continue what she said. Although Lu Xiao had been an assistant for a short time, she had already initially understood Zhi Jiunian's character.

Her boss is an old riddler. Even if he knows something, he always tells only half of it. He will never tell himself the complete story.

Lu Xiao knew that this might be because she had not yet fully gained the trust of Zhi Jiunian. But over time, she also developed a habit. That is, as long as the boss doesn't want to talk about it, she won't ask for it.

After all, the more you know, the more dangerous you may be.

"Wait for me here. I'm going to meet this guy for a while."

Zhi Jiunian left these words to Lu Xiao. He stretched out his hand with clear finger bones from his sleeve robe. He pointed his white fingers into the void and rubbed it gently. The surrounding bamboo leaves floated from a distance and entangled themselves at his feet.

I saw young Zhijiu standing on his tiptoes and riding on the breeze through the bamboo leaves.

...

On the other side, Lao Huang is driving with Wang Ling, Sun Rong to the coordinates on the scroll. This is the specific location of the group of polyhedral aliens. As long as these aliens can be captured alive. Lao Huang Huang is now qualified to join the Universe Infinite Group.

We drove the Spirit Bus all the way to the river. A dilapidated ferry caught the attention of Wang Ling. This was a ferry drifting on the river. However, no substantial salvage work was carried out. It was just moored.

Moreover, an invisible defensive array has been set up outside the ferry. It is equivalent to an invisible island, floating on the river. Once a ship approaches, the ferry will move away on its own.

Wang Ling knows. Someone must be driving the ferry. Wang Tong's ability to remove the false and preserve the true allows the invisible ferry to be clearly seen before Wang Ling's eyes.

"There must be something wrong with this ferry."

In the state where man and sword are united, Sun Rong can rely on the power of water droplets to sense the surroundings. He can feel the shape of the ferry on the river.

Through the rearview mirror, Lao Huang saw the two of them working side by side in the back row. His eyes were almost directed towards the river from the same angle as if by divine help. Such a tacit understanding made Lao Huang suddenly feel that there was a kind of youthful romance in the air. The breath of...

He didn't know if these two people did it on purpose, but if they didn't get along often, they wouldn't have such a tacit understanding.

And he seriously suspected that both of them were pretending to be pigs and eating tigers.

Because from Lao Huang's own perspective, there is... nothing at all on the river!

So now Lao Huang has absolute reason to believe that he has definitely become the scapegoat in Huang Tingjian's abandoned factory just now...

Sure enough, he is the one who came for the internship!

But for Wang Ling and Sun Rong, Lao Huang's attitude from beginning to end was to be supportive and cooperative. There was no other reason. He just felt that these two people had a special sense of intimacy with him, especially them. A sufficient tacit understanding has been established in the game world. After returning to reality, this close feeling like family has not disappeared. This makes Lao Huang feel the preciousness of fate even more.

Although he didn't know why Wang Ling and Sun Rong were so young and so powerful.

But what if you know?

Lao Huang only thought it was very interesting to follow Wang Ling and Sun Rong to cause trouble.

To be honest, for Lao Huang, it doesn't matter whether he can successfully join the Universe Infinite Group. He just wants to see what will happen next if he continues to follow two people who pretend to be pigs and eat tigers...





Chapter 2206 Escape from Earth


Wang Ling, Sun Rong secretly observed the ferry parked in the center of the river in Lao Huang's car. Today, Wang Ling is becoming more and more skilled in blaming others.

He decided to board the ferry and take a look.

But just in case, out of caution, he still sent a positioning message to Zhuo Yi.

Previously, he gave Zhuo Yi an electronic eyeball. This electronic eyeball is a magic weapon that combines modern cultivation technology and the secret technique of Heavenly Dao. It is also smelted with half a drop of blood essence from Wang Tong. Therefore, it can be found in Wang Ling Obtained part of Wang Tong's perspective with permission.

And once Zhuo Yi obtained the remote monitoring authority of the electronic eyeball, he understood that this was another mission sent to him by his master.

In the evening, it was the time for Jiugong Liangzi and Zhuo Yi Niwai. After Zhuo Yi received the instruction from Wang Ling, Liangzi's face was obviously unhappy.

"You're so busy..." she said, but she didn't show it too obviously. This was just an appropriate emotional reaction for a girl in a normal relationship. It didn't mean she was dissatisfied with anyone.

As a boyfriend, Zhuo Yi naturally understands Jiugong Liangzi's unhappiness. He could only hold the other person in his arms and hold him tightly: "Recently, there have been more incidents of alien smuggling, which may bring potential consequences to the earth. The danger and trouble. Wait for me, please. Liangzi."

Zhuo Yi spoke to Jiugong Liangzi as gently as possible. He knew that Liangzi was by no means an unreasonable person.

Jiugong Liangzi hugged his neck and kissed him on the cheek: "Then you have to come back early."

"Okay!" Zhuo Yi smiled. Immediately, a clone formed on the spot and was left to Jiugong Liangzi.

Jiugong Liangzi looked at the double. Instead, he felt a sense of emptiness in his heart: "It's the clone again..." Although the clone has the same memory as the original body, and after the clone dissipates and returns to the original body, the memories of the time spent with the clone will also return to the original body. Above. But Jiugong Liangzi just feels a little weird.

She still wants to spend more time with Zhuo Yi's true body. Use a clone instead. What's the difference between this and finding an inflated doll...

...

By the river. Wang Ling and Sun Rong did not board the ferry immediately. They observed the spot for a while. Soon they discovered that there was a vortex hidden in the clouds above the center of the river. This vortex radiated out A light that was imperceptible to the naked eye was directed towards the ferry.

"This is the light of guidance."

Wang Ling noticed it quickly.

It’s pretty much what Wang Ling guessed. The aliens on this ferry are not just the polyhedral aliens in Lao Huang’s information. Most of them are aliens working undercover on the earth. Because they have already They were discovered by the authorities and were forced to terminate the mission. So they gathered on this ferry and waited for someone to pick them up and escape from the earth.

"The industrial chain is very mature..." Sun Rong frowned and said, "These criminal organizations accomplish their ulterior purposes by hiring these alien beings who have not passed the alien database on Earth. Then they contact third parties. Send them away. This is a complete industrial chain. And being able to send them away proves that the people behind it also have certain strength."

The two analyzed it for a while. Only Lao Huang was completely confused. He didn't see the ferry, let alone the light of guidance in Wang Ling, Sun Rong's mouths. There was a deep feeling in his heart. Deep frustration.

Are all the high school students in the world of cultivation these days so busy? It made him feel very powerless as an adult.

Of course. As the only adult at the scene, Lao Huang still showed his courage at the critical moment. He volunteered and said: "How about it. Do you want me to interrupt them? Are they already being escorted? If you let them escape, Sorry. If it's not convenient for you to show up, you might as well tell me the coordinates and I'll interrupt them."

Lao Huang does have a good heart. Wang Ling also agrees with this. But Wang Ling has always been a person who is afraid of trouble. He stared at Lao Huang for a while and felt that the process was a bit too complicated. .

It's not that Wang Ling didn't believe that Lao Huang couldn't deal with this group of stowaway aliens. It was just that he used Wang Tong to scan the ferry. There were too many aliens inside...

It is very likely that Lao Huang will not be able to take care of him completely.

And what Wang Ling needs is to take it away in one pot. Catch them all in one go.

So before Lao Huang finished speaking, he saw a huge human hand appear in the sky. It appeared above the center of the river like an illusion projected by a mirage...

He didn't see the ferry mentioned by Wang Ling, Sun Rong. He didn't see the light of reception. But this huge hand in the sky was like an illusion. Old Huang saw it clearly. ...

At this moment, Lao Huang fell silent. Although this hand was huge, he had seen it before!

Isn't this the hand of Wang Ling...

Although the visual effect was magnified countless times, as a professional painter, Lao Huang still recognized the details of the hand at a glance. And at this moment Wang Ling was sitting in the car with this hand of the sky. Almost exactly the same action.

This made Lao Huang look numb...

Under the current human cultivation system on Earth, the theoretical spell levels are approximately 1-15. Spells above level 10 are super-level spells.

The ninth-level master of the True Immortal Realm currently known to mankind. He can release up to 13th-level spells. He has the power to destroy the world and move mountains and seas.

]

Although Lao Huang already knew that Wang Ling was extraordinary. But this hand that appeared in the sky directly stirred the clouds and mist that brought the light to a pulp in an instant...

No matter how you look at it, this is a super-level spell!

Lao Huang opened his mouth. For a moment, he didn't know how to evaluate the scene in front of him: "I remember. You are from the Sixty School, right...Do you still accept people from your school? I want to go to high school again..."

Wang Ling, Sun Rong: "..."

Lao Huang: "I don't mean anything else. I just feel that the knowledge I learned back then is not thorough enough..."

Wang Ling, Sun Rong: "..."





Chapter 2207 1 Net Strike


Number 60 High School. A sect that mainly trains Foundation Building students. But it is also a sect where the big guys gather to crouching tiger, hidden dragon. From the beginning of the Shadow Stream incident to the incognito killer list of Number 60 High School. After the founder Mr. Wang Zukang (Gorgeous itinerant) started, it has been out of control.

As Wang Ling continues to study at Number 60 High School and expands his social circle in daily life, more and more big shots begin to gather here.

Although those masters of the gods represented by Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi, the orderers represented by Gu Shunzhi, and the eternal ones represented by Jin Deng, do not know what magic there is about Number 60 High School.

But the only thing they know is that even a powerful being like Wang Ling is studying peacefully at Number 60 High School day after day. Then this sect must have something in it...

Among them, the oldest one has been a transfer student at Number 60 High School for several months. Although so far, he has not found anything extraordinary about this mediocre sect.

But they believed unswervingly. They didn't realize that they were still too shallow!

It's because they still don't understand the profound meaning of Wang Ling choosing to study at Number 60 High School!

It's not that Number 60 High School is really that bad.

In fact, the reason why Wang Ling chose Number 60 High School was because the school was mediocre enough...

It's just that Wang Ling never thought that he would meet Sun Rong who came to Number 60 High School specifically to make a presence known as soon as he started school. There are also Chen Chao and Guo Hao who can be called Wolong Fengchu's good brothers.

For Wang Ling, the daily life of Number 60 High School has never seemed as peaceful as he imagined. But he is about to reach the second year of high school. Having celebrated his seventeenth birthday, he is no longer as peaceful as he used to be. A boy in a corner...

Even though daily life was much more noisy than he imagined, Wang Ling also found that he was gradually adapting to this life.

Wang Ling's hand fell from a distance. It blocked the sky and the sun. It directly dispersed the vortex hidden in the clouds in the space.

The moment the "Light of Reception" was interrupted, the black aliens on the invisible ferry began to cause a commotion. No one would have imagined that something unexpected would happen at such a critical moment.

Some aliens had a premonition that something bad was going to happen. They jumped from the deck and fell into the cold river. However, the moment they were about to touch the surface of the river, a strange spiritual energy quickly circulated around their bodies and began to flow back.

Immediately afterwards, these aliens who jumped into the river returned to their original positions on the deck one by one. No matter how they escaped from the ferry, a strange force formed a cycle to pull them back out of the river!

Damn it!

I have obviously felt the coldness of the river! Why was there not even a drop of water when I was pulled back and put on? Is this the ability to turn back time?

This is of course not the ability to turn back time. It's just the basic operation of Wang Ling.

The purpose of the Hand of the Sky is not to capture these aliens. Wang Ling wants to catch them all. And capture them alive.

Therefore, in addition to blocking the guiding light, the hand of the sky also has the effect of changing the surrounding space. Wang Ling links the space surrounding the ferry together, forming an unbreakable wall. Ghosts hit the wall. Before the members of the immortal magic mobile team led by Zhuo Yi arrived here, no alien could leave the ferry.

"Who is it?"

In the distance, the black-robed monk who was responsible for coming here to pick up these aliens was surprised that someone was involved. Such a method of directly cutting off space would be impossible without the strength above the True Immortal realm!

"Boss. I'm afraid these aliens can't escape..."

The black-robed monk thought hard. He tried every means but could not jump over Wang Ling's hand in the sky. This hand was like a city wall. It blocked out all external spiritual energy. It was indestructible. .

He suppressed his blush. Veins popped out at his temples. There was really nothing he could do.

"Forget it. This is what the masters did. We can't stop it. Since we can't take them away, let's find a way to kill them all before the immortal magic mobile team arrives." At this time, behind the black-robed monk The standing young man finally walked out of the darkness. It was none other than Zhi Jiunian.

He has been in the talent headhunting business for a long time. In the past, he only dealt with talents from Earth. But now since the upgrade of Earth, he has also set his sights on the alien industry chain.

Moreover, these aliens with dark backgrounds can be said to be extremely profitable.

Because they do not have files on the earth, he needs guidance to carry out various tasks. Zhi Jiunian can collect the fees of these black-house aliens and then provide these black-house aliens to the sects in need.

The advantage is that because these aliens do not have any files, they are very suitable for being sent to do some gray tasks. And for these aliens who do not understand the earth's cultivation methods, they do not know that the gray tasks they are performing are illegal. Behavior. It’s just giving your own labor.

If it is really discovered, Zhi Jiunian will also arrange a dragon's service to escape from the earth. In the days after upgrading from the earth, Zhi Jiunian has only done this. There has never been any mistakes.

But today, with an expert present, Zhi Jiunian knew that he could not offend.

But fortunately, he has already placed his own people on this ferry in advance. If any problem arises, he can only kill all these aliens to avoid future troubles!

After all, a business like this is indeed a knife-edge licking blood. Once the Immortal Technique Mobile Team finds out something, Zhi Jiunian knows very well that he may be dragged into prison for hundreds of years.

...

"Are you sure you want to kill them all? Okay, boss."

Inside the ferry. The person who had been placed inside by Zhi Jiunian started taking action after confirming the news. He was a waiter on the wheelbarrow. He had been wearing a Sad Frog doll suit and served these stupid aliens on the ferry. People provide services.

Due to the language barrier, he can only express his language through body movements, gestures and international friendly gestures. It can be said that he has been looking forward to this day for a long time.

After receiving the news from Zhi Jiunian, the man wearing a sad frog doll squatted down silently and pulled out a sharp knife from his feet.

A bloody feast of killing aliens is about to begin...

Which unlucky guy should we start with?

He turned his attention to an alien with a big belly.

This alien creature has the head of a fish and the body of a human. Two long beaks hang down from both sides to its feet. It looks like it is pregnant.

I don’t know what the little alien doll inside looks like after I cut open my belly...

"The unlucky one is you!"

Buzz!

The next second, an idea flashed in Sad Frog's hand. The dagger that was previously in the doll suit quickly moved out of the doll suit. He raised his knife high and began to rush towards the fish-headed alien.

However, in the next second, a beautiful figure appeared in front of his eyes.

Sun Rong's figure was too fast. It almost turned into an afterimage and appeared in front of the sad frog. Then it hit the sad frog in the abdomen.

Bang!

The Sad Frog was kicked to the point where he doubted his life. He took off and ejected on the spot. Then he was teleported back from the other end of the ferry. He knelt down to the feet of Wang Ling who was behind Sun Rong...





Chapter 2208 Luck and Misfortune


Unfortunately, the Sad Frog was stopped directly by Sun Rong before it launched its first round of attack. He kicked the doll suit in the abdomen. Several ribs were broken on the spot.

Fortunately, the person who kicked this sad frog was Sun Rong instead of Wang Ling. If it had been Wang Ling, even if it was just the lightest blow, maybe only the remaining The lower half of the body is gone.

When he knelt down at the feet of Sun Rong, Wang Ling, the sad frog knelt on the ground in pain and gasped hard. The heartbreaking pain forced him to break out in a cold sweat.

"It's you...Number 60 High School again!" He stared at Sun Rong fiercely. He directly recognized the identity of the famous eldest lady of the Huaguo Shui Lian Group. But for Sun Rong, This young man wearing a hood is not easy for him to make judgments.

But even so, Sad Frog knew very well that the two were together. Because Wang Ling was wearing a hood, he couldn't see Wang Ling's face clearly. But he knew Sun Rong face.

It can only be said that looking at the entire sect circle in the cultivation world, Number 60 High School today is a very explosive existence. Ever since Zhuo Yi became a city hero and gradually rose to prominence, this sect has become famous in the college circle. Crazy rise from the bottom of the rankings.

Obviously, more than half a year ago, this was just a small and unpopular Foundation Building sect. Now it has become a terrifying monster sect.

It’s not that Number 60 High School’s current teaching staff is so scary. After all, the information of all teachers is published on Huaxiu Alliance’s comprehensive campus information network. There is basically no possibility of fraud.

On the whole, Number 60 High School’s teacher quality is really average. However, in the past half year or so, countless political forces have fallen into the hands of Number 60 High School.

Many sects have even held unified meetings to conduct a comprehensive analysis of Number 60 High School’s current student and teacher levels. As a result, no clear analysis has been made.

So for the vast majority of people who already know Number 60 High School, the fear of Number 60 High School does not lie in how strong it is on paper. It is this fear. It comes from the unknown of Number 60 High School...

Although helping Zhi Jiunian has many benefits, at this critical juncture, Sad Frog's thinking is very clear. That is the situation at hand. It is definitely not something he can afford to offend.

To put it another way, even if the person standing in front of him is not the eldest lady of the Huaguo Shui Lian Group Sun Rong. Facing today's Number 60 High School, he still has a sense of awe...

What's more, the person standing in front of me is the serious future successor of the Huawei Shui Lian Group.

Therefore, Sad Frog directly did two things. That is to interrupt the contact with Zhi Jiunian first, creating the illusion of entering into chaos.

At the same time, in front of Wang Ling and Sun Rong, he very religiously took off his doll costume hood and revealed his face.

This is a man with a delicate round face and dark skin. He is not too old. He looks like he is in his thirties. His upper body muscles are very well developed. He is a practitioner.

Being able to take the current kick from Sun Rong without completely fainting proves that this person's physical fitness is online. It is not weak, but it is at an average level.

It is absolutely enough to deal with these stowaway aliens on board, whose average level is only the Foundation Building.

"My name is Pan Lei."

After announcing his home, he first swallowed a pill that could quickly stabilize internal injuries. Then he looked at Wang Ling and Sun Rong with serious faces. He said something that made both of them a little nervous. If it's unexpected.

"Although Miss Sun doesn't recognize me, I do know Miss Sun. Speaking of which, I also have some connections with Number 60 High School..."

Wang Ling, Sun Rong looked at each other for a moment. Then Sun Rong asked: "Are you also a graduate of Number 60 High School?"

"No..."

Pan Lei sighed and replied: "I have relatives who work at Number 60 High School. And they are suffocating relatives."

Immediate relatives...

Using the Great Blood Origin Technique in Heavenly Dao. Wang Ling can freely use King's Eyes to observe the blood connection of a living being. Combined with the last name and age of the man in front of him, the answer almost appears on the paper.

"Pan...Teacher Pan?" Sun Rong was stunned.

"Yes. The teacher Pan Shengcong you mentioned is my mother."

"..." Sun Rong was stunned. He turned to Wang Ling to confirm the answer.

I saw. Wang Ling pulled the brim of the hood and pressed it down. He nodded to Sun Rong.

Sun Rong almost fainted on the spot when she saw this. What did she just do? She almost kicked her class teacher's son away...

However, both Wang Ling and Sun Rong seemed a little stunned by Pan Lei's unexpected appearance and the fact that he was working for Zhi Jiunian.

Wang Ling I only know that Teacher Pan and his grandfather had a green life when they were young. But I never know about Teacher Pan’s current family life. When I was studying at Number 60 High School, I never heard of Teacher Pan. A son.

"I don't have a good relationship with my mother. I haven't been home for a long time."

Faced with doubts, Pan Lei explained the matter in a few words.

At this time, he gradually regained his composure. He stood up and said, "I'm sorry, you two. I will explain the details to you later. Now I still have to think of a way to better explain the situation to my current boss. The time gap is too long. Soon. He will become suspicious."

Remember the top novel in 1 second:. Mobile version reading URL:





