Chapter 101 Even an Extortion Should Be Gracefully Done


When the two men got up from the floor, the short man was so ashamed that he wanted to drill a hole in the ground like a swamp eel, burrow into it and never come out again!

A magnificent late stage Golden Core cultivator, scared by spiritual pressure into pissing... this spiritual pressure was definitely at the Captain's level!

Ah... really want to die!

The two men in suits sighed in unison in their hearts remorsefully.

Fortunately, Father Wang was a warmhearted man, and after seeing how the short man had been scared into pissing his pants, he hurriedly got Mother Wang to dig out a seldom worn pair of pants, which he casually handed to him. "Brother, when you go out and mess around from now on, be a little more careful in what you say or do. Here, I'll give this pair of pants to you."

"..." The two men in suits stared at the thick, heavy long johns in Father Wang's hands, sweaty and speechless.

Before they left, Father Wang even helped them gather the money scattered on the floor of the Wang family home.

He also found himself a sack, and picked up a roll of ten thousand yuan and threw it into the sack.

The two men in suits wiped at their sweat. "Mr Wang, we didn't make a deal, you can't take this money..."

"Oh?" There was a cigarette in Father Wang's mouth and the lights in the villa reflected off his black-rimmed glasses. He turned his head and it was enough to give the two men the impression that they were dealing with a society elderbrother 1 ... the both of them stepped back unconsciously and kept their distance.

1(A 'society elder brother' refers to someone who acts like a gangster ..) They couldn't provoke a society elder brother who was a Nascent Soul grandmaster!

Father Wang ignored the two men and again threw four rolls of money into the sack. "Fifty thousand in this sack is for our carpet. Look, you've soiled it; no matter how you look at it, you have to compensate us a little, right?"

The men in suits didn't dare say anything. "..."

Before he had even finished speaking, Father Wang threw five more rolls into the sack. "Now this fifty thousand is for mental distress and sanitization. There is a lot of bacteria in human urine and I've decided to disinfect our small villa after you leave — that's not too much, right?"

"..."

And then, after some thought, Father Wang threw in yet another five rolls.

The men in suits were anxious. "Mr Wang, you can't do that... all the money you're taking belongs to the state. We'll lose money instead..."

Father Wang calmly drew in a puff of smoke, then blew it out at the long johns which the short man had changed into. "This fifty thousand is for the long johns — that's not too much, right?"

In their hearts, the two men roared: not too much, your sister! A pair of long johns for fifty thousand! Even the black market is not that black!

If it wasn't for Father Wang's "realm," the two men in suits would already have been completely unable to control the urge in their hearts to start a fight!

But!

They didn't dare!

However, in protest, the short man took off the long johns, revealing his Tower of Babel... it was clear that he had already decided to just smash an already cracked pot. The worst he had to deal with was just streaking! After all, they were all men! In this rural outskirts, no one would see him!

Seeing this, Father Wang's eyebrows trembled, then he smoothly took five more rolls out of the luggage case and put them in the sack.

"Mr Wang, you..."

"You had better wear the long johns, who knows if your piss left any toxins on it? I don't want them anymore. It's no use even if you take them off. By the way, the fifty thousand yuan that I'm taking now is recompense for my eyes — that's not too much, right?"

"..." The two men in suits completely didn't dare move. They were afraid that whatever they did next, Father Wang would find another reason to demand more compensation...

Finally, he gave the two hundred thousand in the sack a satisfied look, then sent the two men off at the front door.

Bracing themselves, they bowed to Father Wang with the short man still wearing the long johns, which made quite the funny picture.

"Mr Wang, we will definitely come again..."

Crossing his arms, Father Wang leaned on the door. "Next time, will it still be the two of you?"

The men in suits started to sweat. "This... it depends."

Father Wang stretched out his hand to pat the short man on the shoulder and shook his head and sighed. "Brother, it's not that I'm insulting you... but your Tower of Babel is really too small — it's not even half the size of mine. It's just a Babylon enoki mushroom, and it was really a disgrace for you to reveal it. For the brothers coming around next time, remember to find ones that are bigger."

The men in suits: "..."

After that, Father Wang closed the door with a " bang ."

In his bedroom, it was as if Wang Ling could hear the heart of the man in the long johns shatter after being stabbed by Father Wang's poisonous words...

...

In fact, this wasn't the first time that the Wang father and son had enacted this type of two-man performance; when people had come to the Wang family home looking for trouble before, the father and son pair had often used this trick to scare them away by creating the illusion that the master of this isolated Wang family villa had frightening strength.

A long time ago, when Lord Thunder had come to visit the Wang family, the Wang father and son had used this trick to thoroughly scare him. Hence, Father and Mother Wang were aware of Lord Thunder's existence. Furthermore, this person deeply respected Father and Mother Wang.

After all, Wang Ling's prowess came from this couple.

In Lord Thunder's heart, Wang Ling was already an old monster with extremely frightening prowess who was thousands of years old. Therefore, the weight of Father Wang in his heart was of an ancient living fossil grandmaster who was tens of thousands of years old.

Hence, Lord Thunder had always treated the Wang family's small villa all these years as a sacred place... in this humble, rural villa lived a family of cultivation grandmasters who yearned for an ordinary life.

This was his overall understanding of the Wang family.

...

After the two men in suits left the villa, they got into a black sedan car; the tall man drove away so quickly it looked like they were running away from something.

Shortly after their departure, the short man's wristwatch rang...

"How did it go? Did you succeed?"

"Sorry, Lord Director, the mission was a failure..."

"A full forty million and they didn't bite? There's no way any ordinary family would be able to resist such temptation!"

The short man just wanted to cry. "Lord Director, the problem is... this family is not ordinary! This Wang Jiao isn't at the Qi Refinement stage at all! He was pretending all this time! He's a Nascent Soul grandmaster! His spiritual pressure pushed us flat down, we couldn't move at all!"

Nascent Soul level...

On the other end of the line, the director was also stunned. "Are you sure?"

Their inside information had been clear that this was an ordinary family living in a rural villa — how could a grandmaster like this come out of nowhere?

"Completely sure!" the men in suits answered.

The director sighed in his heart, presuming that his subordinates wouldn't dare lie to him. Judging from the current situation, it was already no longer an easy matter obtaining the stone ghost mask...

"Since it's like that, I'll go meet this expert myself tomorrow... having said that, does that mean that you didn't get anything else when you went this time?"

The short man went blank for a second, then weakly replied, "That... do long johns count?"

Director: "..."





Chapter 102 Bloody Hell!! There Is Even This Way?!


It was May 20th on Wednesday in the fourth week of the semester.

The atmosphere was a little tense this morning. When Teacher Pan walked into the classroom on time as usual, she was holding a stack of papers in her hand, and the students in class despaired a little. It was very obvious that the time for the morning self-study session as well as the first and second lessons would be given over to a quiz.

The pop quiz had been part of Teacher Pan's teaching for many years. And the most painful thing was that she would never tell them about it beforehand! This was completely a test of the students' current abilities!

For students of the elite class in Number 60 High School, if it was just an ordinary quiz, it wasn't worth cheating on at all. Teacher Pan's quiz, however, was very unusual; only twenty percent of the paper was comprised of basic course content. The remaining eighty percent was split fairly evenly into four parts: extra strength questions, expansion questions, competition questions and questions not covered in the syllabus...

And so, it was under these circumstances that the battle of wits and courage began.

For students of Grade One, Class Three, this was already no longer just a quiz, but a "war" that tested their team spirit!

But Teacher Pan was ultimately Teacher Pan, one of the handful of teaching pioneers at the frontline of teachers in Number 60 High School; as soon as she entered the classroom, she immediately summoned a number of ghosts to disperse themselves to each corner of the classroom to help her invigilate.

Teacher Pan had carefully calculated the positions of all these ghosts so that their lines of sight would cover every inch of the classroom.

"I'm going to a morning meeting now, and I'll collect the test papers in an hour and a half." Teacher Pan smiled faintly. "You don't have to worry, everyone. I trained these ghosts myself; as soon as they discover someone cheating, they'll burn the test paper with ghost fire. Everyone only has one test paper each. If it gets burnt, you'll get a zero. I hope all of you will be honest in taking this test!"

After telling them the rules for taking the test, Teacher Pan turned away to close the door and leave for the meeting.

As Su Xiao gave out the test papers, some people in class immediately started to complain. "These questions are too difficult! A test on the synthesis formula for the 'Angry Buddha Fire Lotus' and reactions in a flame color experiment! Isn't this only taught next semester?!"

There was a lot of discussion around Wang Ling; the questions weren't too difficult for him, but when the test paper was in his hands, he still felt like dying...

If it had just been an ordinary test, it would've been fine, but this test paper which Teacher Pan had written made it utterly impossible for Wang Ling to predict what the average score in class would be!

In this situation, what Wang Ling had to do was wait until Sun Rong, Su Xiao and Lin Xiaoyu were almost done with their answers, then estimate the scores of these three top students before writing down his answers based on the papers of the whole class in general.

What he had to do now was just hold his pen and wait patiently.

It had been ten minutes since the test papers had been given out, and there was complete silence in Grade One, Class Three.

But very quickly, Wang Ling quietly discovered an undercurrent to the superficial calmness in the class.

Teacher Pan gave her quizzes out at random times, but it was very clear that many people had made their own plans beforehand for such an emergency. It was always good to have a cheat sheet prepared in advance no matter the situation...

Chen Chao had hidden his cheat sheet in his sock. This guy wanted to pretend to pick at his foot, then take out the cheat sheet. But just as his hand touched his ankle, a ghost floated over with two ghost flames...

He's done for!

Seeing this scene out of the corner of their eyes, a number of people couldn't help sighing in their hearts.

Given Teacher Pan's personality, she would definitely call his parents if he was caught cheating! And she would definitely castigate him at the parent-teacher conference next Monday!

But to everyone's surprise, the tragedy of a test paper burned by ghost flame didn't happen...

Chen Chao calmly drew the cheat sheet out of his sock and palmed it...

At this moment, Wang Ling clearly smelled an evil odor seeping out of Chen Chao's palm... then, the ghost pinched its nose and left, just like that.

Everyone: "..." Fuck! This ghost left because of the stench!

How smelly was this piece of paper?!

Smelly Feet Exorcism?!

Wang Ling was a little stunned at this scene.

However, this still wasn't the most terrifying...

Because from the beginning, he had noticed some fatty who had been scratching his buzz cut the whole time, causing dandruff to fall and cover his desk.

But instead of being snow-white, this dandruff was black in color...

Wang Ling took a closer look using his Heavenly Eye and then was frozen completely solid!

Because Guo Hao... had actually printed his cheat sheet onto his dandruff!

Fuck!!! There was even this way?!

Looking at Guo Hao as he began to put the dandruff together one by one, the shock in Wang Ling's heart had already reached its limit.

...

The afternoon was turning into the captivating, red glow of dusk when a man appeared close to the rural Wang family villa, looking completely out of place in his surroundings. He was very tall and cut a perfect figure; the breeze brushed over his white clothes, molding it over his pectorals...

White clothes, a long sword, beautiful hair... this was Lord Thunder, a man with the surname Lei.

Father and Mother Wang were already aware that Lord Thunder would be coming. After all, he was one of the few friends that Wang Ling had in the cultivation world. Plus, given his mistaken impression of the Wang family, Father and Mother Wang had always thought that he was a very interesting person.

The last time he had come to the Wang family home was a few years ago. Yesterday, Wang Ling had suddenly said that Lord Thunder would be calling on them today, so Mother Wang had hurried off to the wet market to buy a lot of food.

When she returned riding the freight tricycle that had been blessed by Wang Ling, Mother Wang saw a man in white standing at the entrance to the villa and carrying several bags, large and small. She was startled at first, then she let her eyes wander up and down the man's body for quite a while. "Little Lei, is that you?"

It had been a fairly long time since he had last visited the Wang family home, so when Mother Wang suddenly called his name, the man was a little flustered and stuttered a little. "Se... senior, hello!"

Mother Wang stared blankly and wondered why this child was stammering, even if he hadn't come for so long.

However, this greeting of "senior" confirmed for her this visitor's identity.

Although Mother Wang wasn't accustomed to being addressed as such, when she recalled this person's identity in the field of cultivation, she assumed it was an act of courtesy in the cultivation world. Because of Wang Ling, Father and Mother Wang had had the opportunity to encounter some big names in the cultivation world, but ultimately there were still very few like Lord Thunder, who repeatedly addressed them as seniors.

Nowadays, it wasn't easy to find someone who was both powerful and courteous in the field of cultivation.

This was also one of the biggest reasons why Father and Mother Wang had acknowledged him.

The man lifted the bags in his hands. "This junior hasn't visited the two seniors in a very long time. I brought several bottles of fairy wine, I hope the two seniors will like them."

Mother Wang took the bags, the blush on her face completely lost in the red glow of the setting sun. "Since you were coming, just come; you didn't have to bring anything, this is really inconveniencing you."

The man rubbed his head and smiled shyly. "Senior, this is nothing, this is a necessary courtesy."

"You don't have to be so polite next time. I bought a lot of food today, we were just waiting for you to eat. Your Uncle Wang and Grandfather Wang are inside, today the three of you can have a good chat," said Mother Wang.

When she said this, the man was stunned...

Oh my god!

Grandfather Wang is also here? Brother Ling's grandfather... am I going to meet the BOSS today?!

Lord Thunder was thoroughly alarmed.





Chapter 103 Lord Thunder Is Shocked Once Again


After Lord Thunder arrived at the Wang family home, he obediently sat on the sofa in the living room at Father Wang's invitation and didn't dare move after that.

At this moment, he was feeling a little nervous in his heart... if Father and Mother Wang were seniors who were living fossils tens of thousands of years old, then Grandfather Wang, who had suddenly appeared... had to be a hidden BOSS great senior at the level of a creator god!

"Dad, let me introduce you to someone. This is Little Lei, Ling Ling's friend." Father Wang pulled the old man over and introduced the man in white sitting ramrod straight on the sofa.

"Oh, so it's Ling Ling's friend!" The old man nodded.

Although the old man suffered dementia, his level of intelligence was still relatively normal whenever he was lucid. He had served as a chef for many years and had also cooked for many powerful cultivators, and so had seen many different types of people. Judging from the man's attire, the old man could basically guess that this person was from the cultivation field, and furthermore, possessed genuine strength.

Considering that the other party was a cultivator, the old man felt that he had to be cautious when speaking, and was thinking about how to phrase his words when the man in white in front of him shot up to stand and shake his hand with unusual fervor. "Hello, senior, this humble one is Lei Mouren, 'lei' as in tianlei , 'mou' as in mouhua , 'ren' as in yigeren 1 . My Taoist name is Lord Thunder. I'm very happy to meet you, senior!"

1(天雷 tianlei is 'a thunderous sky,' 谋划 mouhua is 'to plot,' and 一个人 yigeren is 'one person.') Erm... why is he calling me senior?

When the old man heard the man call him "senior," he was bewildered at first, but was quick to respond.

Maybe this was the normal etiquette in the cultivation field...

The old man didn't bother to think so much; he hurriedly waved his hand for the man to sit down, and opened with small talk. "Where do you work, Little Lei?"

It was just an ordinary question, but it caused Student Lei Mouren to become lost in deep thought.

If he said out right that he was an owner of some online discussion forum, that would be a little demeaning! Furthermore, it would be a very bad start in building a relationship with this great senior!

Because in the eyes of most people, an owner of a gossip forum was like the water armies on the Internet, and wasn't decent work.

Hence, after thinking for a moment, Student Lei Mouren answered, "I'm the owner of a website which often receives requests from the public, and I help them with some cultivation tasks. Senior can consider it... a public service."

"That's very good."

The old man nodded repeatedly as he praised the other man. "There really aren't many children nowadays who think of the people. Doing good is indeed not easy, but as long as you follow your principle, you will definitely succeed..."

"Senior, please advise me..."

"This saying is 'from the masses, to the masses'... have you heard of it?"

"..." Lei Mouren felt that there was something off with this saying for some reason, but still heaved a secret sigh of relief.

It looked like he had already passed the first hurdle!

Er Ha lolled lazily on the floor next to them and already couldn't even be bothered to mock this current scene... what the heck is with this three-man joint hearing and matchmaking session?! Your damn reason for coming is to look for Wang Ling, right?!

After making small talk about work, the three men in the living room chatted happily about life. Mother Wang put on her apron, looked at the three people and smiled. "Ling Ling just sent me a message to say that Teacher Pan is keeping him back to go over his test paper. He'll probably be home a little late."

"That's fine, there's a lot to cook for tonight. By the time Ling Ling gets home, we'll be about ready to have dinner."

The old man also stood up and strode toward the kitchen.

"It wasn't easy for Little Lei to come here today, and he even brought fairy wine. Dad, you have to demonstrate your skills this time," said Father Wang.

"Of course." The old man waved his hand, took the white gown off the clothes stand and put it on. The word "SPECIAL" glittered on the right sleeve of the gown, giving the old man the air of a master.

Lei Mouren was stunned, but only after the old man had gone into the kitchen did he ask Father Wang in a low voice, "Senior Wang, do you mind if I ask, Great Senior Wang... what did he use to do?"

"Chef."

Father Wang's answer was light.

"Chef?!" This answer immediately shocked Lei Mouren.

A great senior who was an even older living fossil than this living fossil and had been a chef before... combining all these traits together, Lord Thunder almost instantly thought of one person... the legendary Magic Chef of Fire and Ice 2 !

2(This is an online Chinese xuanhuan novel..) Oh my god! What a powerful legendary grandmaster!

Looking at the busy figure of the old man in the kitchen, Lord Thunder was shocked once again...

...

An hour later, dinner was ready. The table in the Wang family home was covered with all kinds of home-cooked dishes, a dazzling line-up that gave off warm aromas to please the senses.

Mother Wang removed her apron, gave the pendulum clock a look and frowned. "It looks like it will be some time still before Ling Ling gets home. How about Little Lei you start first?"

When Lord Thunder looked at the table of dishes and thought about how they had been personally cooked by someone who was probably the legendary grandmaster Magic Chef of Fire and Ice, he completely didn't dare eat them... he also tried his best to think about the story behind each dish.

For example, what profound thought had gone into the red braised pork... what was the meaning behind the stir-fried spinach... and what on earth could he say about the pangolin?

For a moment, Lord Thunder felt that the things he should be thinking about had increased...

There weren't too many rules for eating in the Wang family home, and they were usually relatively casual.

"Make yourself at home, Little Lei. Just like in your own home, eat a little more." The old man saw that Student Lei Mouren seemed reluctant to start, so promptly put a broccoli into the other man's bowl.

Lei Mouren was flattered, and shot to his feet. "Thank you, great senior!"

"..."

Next to them, Father and Mother Wang were startled. They felt that since the last time they had seen Little Lei, which was quite a while ago, he seemed to bluster a lot more now and would suddenly become flustered for no reason. Who knew what it was that had triggered this behavior?

The couple stared at Student Lei Mouren as he sat down. He then held the bowl in both hands and gazed thoughtfully at this jade-like broccoli as if he was looking at an exquisite antique.

A... broccoli?

Why did great senior give me a broccoli? What in the world is the profound meaning behind it?

Student Lei Mouren cupped his chin as he pondered.

"Little Lei, why aren't you eating? Is it not to your taste?" Seeing this, Old Man Wang promptly ladled a bowl of soup for him. "Sour things can stimulate your appetite, come, taste my tomato egg drop soup."

A bowl of... tomato egg drop soup?

Why did great senior serve me a bowl of tomato egg drop soup? What in the world is the profound meaning behind it?

At this moment, Student Lei Mouren was very troubled and remained puzzled no matter how much he thought about it.

He couldn't help but sigh.

Lord Thunder thought that he had accomplished much in his wanderings all over the cultivator world all these years as he had cracked countless cultivation mysteries. At this very moment, however, he was deeply aware that his powers of understanding, which had been obtained through hard work and cultivation, amounted to nothing... he couldn't even decipher this little hint which this great senior had given him; it seemed that he hadn't cultivated enough at all!

Looking at the broccoli and tomato egg drop soup, Lord Thunder couldn't help sighing...

Er Ha: You idiot! Can't you have dinner quietly?!





Chapter 104 I Think It Can Still Be Salvaged...


Half an hour later, Mother Wang had cleared away the dishes on the table and only put a few of the ones that Wang Ling liked into a lunchbox in the kitchen. After the old man and Father Wang chatted with Student Lei Mouren for a short while longer, both of them went upstairs. Father Wang had to rush his manuscript, while the old man couldn't help feeling sleepy given his advanced age and especially after eating, which was when one always felt lazy.

Since retiring, Old Man Wang had had little opportunity to meet any cultivators. He had always been very curious about this group of people; he had often heard people say that there were times when cultivators often just needed a little luck in order to achieve enlightenment and there were times when it just took a bit of creative inspiration to achieve a promotion in realms... but Old Man Wang had never imagined that the broccoli and tomato egg drop soup which he had cooked could actually have the same effect!

Before he left, Old Man Wang patted Student Lei Mouren on the shoulder three times when he saw the bemused expression on the other man's face. He had seen this before. When he had been a head chef previously, he had heard a lot of cultivation stories, and a number of them had been about cultivators who, in the course of trying to achieve enlightenment, became possessed by the devil in a moment of inattention, and ended up losing their realms...

He gave Lord Thunder three pats on the shoulder as a reminder to Student Lei Mouren to not think too much, in case he experienced an inner deviation...

However, Lei Mouren suddenly stood ramrod straight again, as if he had been electrocuted. "Thank you for your advice, great senior! This junior will definitely come to you for direction at sangeng !"

Old Man Wang: "..."

Er Ha: "..." What fucking direction! He's not Master Puti 1 !

1(In the Chinese classic 'Journey to the West,' Sun Wukong was knocked three times on the head by Master Puti as a reminder to go to his place for instruction at 'sangeng' (the time between 11pm and 1am).) When Wang Ling arrived home, he saw a man in white with his arms crossed and head lowered, staring solemnly at a broccoli and a bowl of completely cold tomato egg drop soup.

Er Ha told Wang Ling that the man had already been in this position for a whole hour...

Both Father Wang and the old man were already upstairs, leaving Mother Wang to accompany Lei Mouren. The latter had stared at the broccoli and tomato egg drop soup the whole time and hadn't said a word, which had discomfited her greatly.

Seeing that Wang Ling had finally returned, Mother Wang looked like someone grasping at a straw to be saved. "Ling Ling, do you think Little Lei might have depression?"

He gazed at the man for a while in silence. "..."

This... was clearly an epileptic fit!

Then, without saying a word, he pulled on Student Lei Mouren's collar and straightaway dragged the man upstairs.

When Mother Wang saw Lord Thunder being dragged upstairs, she was secretly relieved in her heart and began to clear the leftovers from the table.

As Lord Thunder was being dragged up the stairs by Wang Ling, he watched helplessly as Mother Wang poured the tomato egg drop soup down the sink and immediately screamed, "No! My tomato egg drop soup! What a miserable death!

"Brother Ling! I think my tomato egg drop soup can still be salvaged... as long as you leave with me now, we can intercept it at the sewage plant before it flows into the Frozen Sea!"

Wang Ling: "..."

"Okay, Brother Ling... I know I'm exaggerating a bit. But at the very least, please leave me the broccoli that great senior picked for me... I want to make it into a collector's item!"

Wang Ling: "..."

...

Although Wang Ling hadn't seen Lord Thunder in a long time, he felt that the man's niaoxing 2 really hadn't changed. To describe it in one phrase, he seemed more mentally unhinged.

2(Niaoxing literally translates into 'urine character,' and while it can be an offensive term, it is also used to describe someone who is awesome or cool for doing something extraordinary ..) In his bedroom, Wang Ling took out a square sandalwood box from under his bed. He usually used this box to store the previous versions of the Dao talisman seals. Including the one that had just been replaced, there were five in total.

While the strength of the talismans had decreased too much to be of use to Wang Ling, they were otherwise still effective. He had placed the stone ghost mask together with these Dao talismans so that the strength of the mask's curse would be restrained to some extent.

"Is this the stone ghost mask?" When Wang Ling took the mask out of the box, the man in white next to him was surprised.

The rumored stone ghost mask was older than he had thought; it had mysterious colored eyes, cold and sinister hooks, and the mild discoloration that showed how old it was... if the man in white hadn't seen it with his own eyes, he really wouldn't have been able to see so many details, not by relying on just several pictures of the object on the Internet.

Lord Thunder stared at the mask for quite a long while, then suddenly realized a terrible problem and turned to Wang Ling abruptly. "Brother Ling, did you put it on?"

Wang Ling nodded his head and then conveyed that he hadn't felt very much of anything after putting on the mask, so then he had taken it off.

"...Brother Ling, are you saying that you took it off?!"

Something occurred to the man in white, and he drew in a sharp breath. "Taking this stone ghost mask and the results of my investigation over the last few years into account, I can basically confirm that this mask is genuine. But I just realized something; I thought that the hooks on both sides of the stone ghost mask were a bit crooked... at first I thought that it was a fake or it was a defect in the workmanship, but judging from what Brother Ling has said..."

What are you talking about?

Wang Ling was a little puzzled as he looked at the man.

"Simply put, when Brother Ling tried wearing the stone ghost mask previously, it actually was already going to possess your body. Furthermore, from written accounts, the way it possesses someone is by piercing the face with its hooks..."

"..."

"But it's very obvious that this stone ghost mask failed to do so..."

"..."

Speaking up to this point, Lord Thunder couldn't help sighing. "The thickness of Brother Ling's skin... this humble person is really too inferior!"

"..." Motherfucker!

"In any case, it will be very troublesome for Brother Ling if this stone ghost mask remains with you. What about giving it to me? Brother, I will definitely deal with this mask properly," Lord Thunder pledged as he thumped his chest.

Hearing the man's words, Wang Ling was lost in deep thought for a short while. Compared with the scheming, unsavory organization that was Landscape Manor, Wang Ling certainly would rather believe this brother whose immortal fate was aligned with his at a rate as high as seventy percent. But nowadays, everything was a trade... Wang Ling felt that he also couldn't afford to suffer a loss here.

After a short silence, the man in white received Wang Ling's telepathic message and was surprised. "What? Attend a meeting? Brother Ling, are you saying that you'll give me the mask as long as I attend a meeting for you?"

Wang Ling nodded solemnly.

"Brother Ling, that's very kind of you... that is such a trivial thing, you don't even need to use the stone ghost mask as a condition. As long as you say so, I will definitely come! But then again... you haven't mentioned, what is this meeting about?"

Wang Ling smiled slightly, and then put a notification about the parent-teacher conference at Number 60 High School into the man's hand.

Lord Thunder: "..."





Chapter 105 A Wronged Child over Two Thousand Years Old


The people who had previously taken part in the parent-teacher conference for Wang Ling were Grandfather Wang, Lie Mengmeng and fan readers of Father Wang who had volunteered to attend for the sake of novel updates... once Wang Ling had started junior high school, however, Father Wang had no longer bothered with the parent-teacher conference and had left it to him to sort it out.

After he had heard the news about the parent-teacher conference, Wang Ling had already been thinking about who he could get to attend it.

It had just so happened that Lord Thunder had come to the door himself.

Staring at the parent-teacher conference notice, the man in white was lost in deep thought.

As the owner of both the cultivation forum and the old cultivation forum friends chat group, Lord Thunder had been invited to a lot of meetings over the years, many of which had been banquets.

By May of this year, for example, he had already attended the Love Charity Fireworks Conference organized by the Xiao Family Compound in support of children in poor mountainous areas who couldn't afford to buy their own immortal swords; he had attended his cousin Thunder Goddess's 1birthday banquet, where he had been forced to perform his unique One Hundred Percent Catching Sharp Knives Barehanded skill; and he had participated in the Tai Chi Wrestling Appreciation Society meet as a Tai Chi Sect representative.

1(Thunder Goddess, or "diu lei lao mu" in pinyin, refers to the female Spitfire character in the multiplayer video game Dungeon Fighter Online. After her Awakening, she can throw grenades while she is airborne. As a side note, "diu lei lao mu" in Cantonese also means "fuck you .. ") Lord Thunder thought that he was a man who had already experienced much, had nothing to fear and had seen many things.

However, his hands couldn't help shaking as he looked at the parent-teacher conference notice which Wang Ling had given to him.

He was very depressed!

I'm still young! An eligible bachelor! Why do I have to go to a parent-teacher conference?!

Wang Ling patted Classmate Lei Mouren on the shoulder; he looked at this wronged child who was over two thousand years old and smiled sympathetically in anticipation of the arduous task ahead...

...

As he was about to depart, Lord Thunder stood at the entrance of the Wang family's small villa, his gaze solemn. The night wind brushed through his beautiful hair and rustled his white clothes. He was about to bid farewell to this place, the holy land of his heart. The sadness he was feeling at this moment was similar to when he had watched the national flag being lowered on the school sports field after school as a child.

"Little Lei, feel free to come by anytime," Mother Wang called from the door as she waved, interrupting the man's thoughts.

"Senior, thank you for your hospitality!" Lord Thunder bowed deeply.

"Please do excuse us. Ling Ling's grandfather is resting and his father is still typing, otherwise, we could have taken you part of the way to the station."

"This junior wouldn't dare disturb Great Senior Wang's rest, nor when Senior Wang is busy. It's alright, I'm fine with anything."

"In here are Ling Ling's mask and the broccoli from earlier. Ling Ling's already put the mask in the mold, and I've wrapped up the broccoli for you." A bag in one hand, Mother Wang smiled.

Lord Thunder took the bag with both hands. "Thank you, senior, you're too kind."

"Take care, Little Lei. Be careful on your way home."

"Mm, then I won't bother senior any longer. Brother Ling and I are brothers-in-arms; I've been looking for this mask for a very long time, and he has been generous enough to give it to me. I'll definitely come again another day to express my thanks!" After saying this, Lord Thunder bowed to Mother Wang once again and waited until the front door of the Wang family's small villa was shut. Then, bag in one hand, he slowly disappeared into the darkness of the desolated lane.

...

Standing at his bedroom window, Wang Ling watched Classmate Lei Mouren leave.

He had been intimately familiar with the atmosphere around the Wang family's small villa since birth.

He could immediately pick up on the slightest abnormality in the air.

Landscape Manor had been keeping a close eye on the Wang family's small villa since the day Wang Ling had found the stone ghost mask online. This group of people thought they were being covert, but it was utterly impossible for them to escape his senses.

He had purposely gotten Mother Wang to give the stone ghost mask away at the door of the villa in plain sight — it had felt like getting rid of a ticking time bomb.

The eyes and the auras that had been monitoring the Wang family's small villa were quick to react as they instantly switched surveillance targets.

The small road in front of the Wang family's small villa was called East Huang Road. Except for the bus that took this route to the bus stop closest to the Wang family's small villa and large trucks that sometimes delivered resources to neighboring towns, only a few cars and passerbys used this road.

Walking alone on East Huang Road, Lord Thunder hadn't left the Wang family's small villa very far behind when he clearly sensed hostile auras following him.

This feeling was too familiar...

He was someone who had run into plenty life-and-death situations, and was highly experienced in hunting or being the hunted.

"This bunch of people really did react the way Brother Ling had expected!" Lord Thunder couldn't help sighing in his heart.

Earlier in the Wang family's small villa, Wang Ling had told him about the group of people from Landscape Manor.

He had heard how Landscape Manor had visited the Wang family several times in the last few days in a bid to purchase the stone ghost mask at a very high price.

Lord Thunder was by no means a fool, and naturally had guessed what Landscape Manor's objective was. Most of the people who were interested in this stone ghost mask were unscrupulous schemers who craved the power it was rumored to contain.

This type of evil object hence could never ever be passed around so casually.

Now that he had received the stone ghost mask from Wang Ling, Lord Thunder planned to find someone to investigate the mask's maker. There were very few craftsmen in the world with the skills to forge objects out of primordial black crystal. After all, this was the hardest metal in the universe! As long as he could find this craftsman, he should be able to obtain some clues about a possible other stone ghost mask.

But before that...

He had to get rid of the rats behind him first.

This white-clothed figure wandering around on East Huang Road in the middle of the night slowed to a stop.

At the same time, the man in white could clearly sense the three auras following him also come to a surprised halt.

Hidden behind the curtain of the night, the three auras were clearly using concealment Dao talismans; if you turned to take a look, there would be no trace of a person at all, only a faint haze.

One of the three men in this haze had an older and more mature look, and was indeed the director that had been sent by Landscape Manor. He was flanked by his two subordinates, one tall and one short — they were the two men in suits who had gone to the Wang family's small villa yesterday to negotiate.

They had been watching the man in white in front of them closely, when he suddenly stopped walking and then turned his head slightly. His eyes were nothing special, but like a sharp blade they pierced straight through the faint haze to fix on the three men hidden in the dark.

At that moment, the three men held their breaths and completely didn't dare move.

"How... how is that possible?!" The director was sweating bullets.

The concealment Dao talismans had been made by the Lord himself; only cultivators with Soul Formation realms or higher would be able to sense them!

Who on earth was this man in white?!





Chapter 106 Camera Knockoffs Are Really Awesome!


In the handful of seconds when the eyes of the long-haired man in white penetrated the faint haze, the three individuals were unexpectedly drawn into an illusion of slow-moving time.

Time seemed to slow down, and a few short seconds felt like a few hours. The sense of supreme spiritual oppression which emanated from that gaze was like a sawtooth slicing away at a person's soul and awareness inch by inch.

Their clothes were completely soaked in sweat and they looked like drowned rats.

When the director and his tall and short subordinates from Landscape Manor roused from their confusion, they were stunned to find that the man in white had disappeared.

"Director Song..."

The two subordinates called his name several times before this older and more mature-looking man came back to his senses.

Where was the man?

Gone...

Where did he go?

No idea at all...

Everything had happened in just an instant.

That man was a Soul Formation cultivator!

At that very moment, the director's heart filled with horror.

With a somber expression, he wiped at the excessive sweat on his face, like a wiper clearing a windscreen of rain.

Soul Formation cultivators were capable of glimpsing and applying the laws of heaven and earth. In the face of such a person, especially if there was a disparity in strength, the ability to hide your aura was of little use... in the face of absolute power and under absolute oppression, even your perception of time would become distorted.

"No wonder you couldn't deal with this family. From the very beginning, we underestimated their strength..."

Director Song clenched his fists and turned around to look in the direction of the Wang family's small villa with a deep, bitter gaze — this family was absolutely not simple!

But now was not the time to bother with these things.

This family had sent the mask off so blatantly it was obvious that they didn't want to wade into these waters. Therefore, their priority now was to investigate the identity of the man in white and grab the stone ghost mask off him before he did anything else.

As Director Song cupped his chin and carefully considered the situation, the two subordinates next to him suddenly asked, "...What do we do now, Lord Director?"

"This senior in white used spiritual pressure to intimidate us; it was clear he wasn't looking to engage us in a fight. Given his abilities, I'm afraid he's already far away by now. But what should be checked has to be checked..." Saying this, Director Song took off his gold-rimmed glasses and pressed an inconspicuous button on the side of the frame.

In a flash, light shot out from the glasses lens, then an image was projected directly into the air...

"This is...!" The two subordinates were astonished.

It was a video recording of the man in white as he left the Wang family's small villa and walked down the road. When the video reached the moment when the man had turned his head, it was cut off.

"In serving the Lord, I need to consider everything." Director Song smiled slightly.

Although the video had been cut off due to the man in white's overwhelming spiritual pressure, the recording had still gotten a clear image of his appearance.

Turning off the video, Director Song carefully folded the glasses, then nodded with satisfaction. "This object is not bad, it was able to withstand very strong pressure. When I write a report for the Lord later, I'll apply for popularization of these glasses."

"Director Song, is this pair of glasses... the legendary portable projector camera glasses?"

This was the latest advanced technology developed by the Yidali Research Bureau for Unique Artifacts!

"Of course not... how could I possibly afford the expensive version put out by the Yidali Research Bureau for Unique Artifacts on my salary? It's time you learned the team philosophy. First of all, 'cheap quality for a good price,' got it?"

Director Song stroked his glasses. "This is the waterproof portable projector camera glasses knockoff specially used by the paparazzi... camera knockoffs are really awesome!"

"..."

"Now, we just need to use the recording to find this man. But before that, there's another important thing." Director Song's expression suddenly turned a little unsightly.

"Director, at your command..."

"You still have the long johns you bought from the family yesterday, right? Let me borrow them..."

"..."

...

It took half an hour after leaving the Wang family's small villa and ditching the people from Landscape Manor for Lord Thunder to arrive home.

While it was a fairly long distance, it was still doable since he had a flying sword licence.

Lord Thunder lived in Wenxian Garden, an upscale villa estate populated by rich and respectable residents. Of course, he himself wasn't a wealthy person. He had been gifted this Wenxian Garden villa after chivalrously helping out a real estate tycoon called Lin Sicong ― Wenxian Garden itself was also owned by this tycoon.

While he had accepted the villa, Lord Thunder had also renovated it. The chief of security at Wenxian Garden would never ever forget when this premier luxurious villa had changed hands, and how Lord Thunder had driven an excavator himself to flatten the garden at the back for further building expansion. He had even sold off all the high-grade furniture in the villa.

If it wasn't because this villa had been a gift and so it wouldn't have been nice to sell it off just like that, Lord Thunder felt that there was no way he would ever in his life spend so much money to buy such a flashy villa to live in.

Student Lei Mouren felt that he was quite similar to Wang Ling in this aspect ― they were not only fond of keeping to themselves, but also of keeping low profiles. He wasn't a hedonistic person. Since he hadn't had the slightest bit of use for all that showy furniture, it was just as well that he sold them off for some money.

Nowadays, the oil for maintaining his immortal sword was ridiculously expensive, plus he also needed funds to keep the cultivation forum running. As a website "boss," he felt that he was under a lot of pressure.

When he got home, he immediately made a call; the signal was straightaway transmitted over the mountains and the sea to an underground laboratory on the border of Huaxiu nation...

"Hello, Little Black? Yes, it's me, Lord Thunder..."

It had already been almost a week since Little Black's lab had been destroyed, and the basic equipment at least was pretty much up and running.

After listening to Little Black complain about his bitter efforts to restore the lab, Lord Thunder sighed. "Mm, I know you're busy, but repairs to the cannon can wait. I went to meet one of my brothers today; he promised he would help me look for the guy who destroyed the lab, and then we'll go beat him up together... but before that, I want you to help me investigate an organization. Have you heard of Landscape Manor?"





Chapter 107 Er Ha's Human Observation Diary


It was May 21st on Thursday in the fourth week of the semester. Wang Ling left for school as usual in the morning.

In the bedroom, Er Ha drowsily opened his eyes and took out his little diary from under Wang Ling's bed.

Er Ha learned quickly; in just three days, it had gone from drawing to reading to learning how to write. It didn't think this language was hard to learn and it was also far more talented than many of the demon kings at the same cultivation level. In contrast, the written script of the demon race's dark scriptures was really difficult to learn — whether it was character strokes or structure, it was far harder than human writing.

Before the demon rampage six years ago, the Gate Between Worlds had already descended upon earth a total of forty-eight times. Er Ha had been the forty-ninth demon king from the demon world to emerge from the Gate Between Worlds to wreak destruction on the human world.

It had also been the first demon king to be reduced to its primordial spirit with just one punch as soon as it had descended to earth and before it could cause much damage... it had been the first demon king to be abandoned by the demon kings of the demon world, its primordial spirit imprisoned in the human world... it had been the first demon king to break off a sliver of its primordial spirit with extreme difficulty, but then had been caught and forcibly merged with another spirit into the body of a dog.

Er Ha already had no words left to describe how miserable its life was. It had rebelled against staying in the human world at first, but as time went on, it had started to adapt to life here... it even felt that the human cultivators studying at Number 60 High School who were only at the Foundation Establishment stage were actually pretty cute.

So once it had learned to write human words, it decided to record what it had seen and learned in the human world in the form of a diary. If it had a chance to return to the demon world in the future, this diary would serve as a remembrance of its time on earth — and who knew, maybe this diary could one day help eliminate the years of misunderstanding between the demon world and the human world...

Title: After Becoming a Dog, Demon King Tuntian Ha's First Human Observation Diary Entry

Date: May 21st

Weather: Sunny

Mood: Complex

Current Wish: At the moment, I hope that if I cultivate hard enough, I'll be able to take on a human form. But if I do... I hope I'll have an oval face.

The following is the text of this diary entry...

Breakfast this morning was still the New Orleans fly-flavored dog food. After friendly negotiation with Little Master Wang (Wang Ling) last night, he finally decided to help me ask Guo Hao for a spicy fly-flavored version. Since coming to the human world, I haven't had spicy food in a very long time. Unexpectedly, I feel a little moved just at the thought that I'll be able to eat spicy food soon...

After a preliminary observation of the human world, my opinion is as follows.

First: Except for a very few evildoers, most humans are normal cultivators and many are ordinary. Furthermore, they are very much in favor of peace. Unlike what the rumors say, they are no real threat to the demon race.

Second: Back then, there was a rumor that a human cultivation grandmaster called Hou Yi had shot dead the demon king Jinwu 1 , which had enraged the whole demon race... but in fact, this is only a myth in the human world and this person Hou Yi doesn't exist...

1(Hou Yi was an archer in Chinese mythology. When ten suns rose and threatened to burn the world, he shot down nine of them. In olden Chinese, Jinwu translates to "sun.") Third: There is a legend among the demon race about seven calabash knights storming the Gate Between Worlds and capturing the Demon Scorpion and DemonSnake 2 . In the human world, this is only a cartoon and doesn't exist in reality at all...

2(This is adapted from the 1980s Chinese cartoon 'Calabash Brothers,' in which seven boys grown magically from calabash set out to defeat two demons, one a Scorpion spirit and the other a Snake spirit ..) Conclusion: Because of people with malicious intentions who employ water armies as a misdirection strategy, the demon race has harbored a deep misunderstanding of the human world all these years... should all the tribal elders be able to access this diary, my hope is that you will ponder and reflect deeply on this, and then catch the keyboard demon hiding in our midst to prevent it from souring our relationship with humans even further.

...

It made sense that Er Ha's first diary entry would be the longest one since it covered the insights and experiences it had gained from the last six years in the human world.

It had always felt that there was a really big misunderstanding between the human race and the demon race. If they had sat down and talked about it back then, the relationship between the two races wouldn't be so strained now.

Of course, after years of conflict between the two worlds, it didn't expect to become an envoy for peace by depending on its diary alone. And while most people did favor peace, there were extremists, whether human or demon, that would act in the name of so-called righteousness for their own clans.

If the demon race wanted to get along well with the human race, Er Ha felt it was important that they dealt with these extremists first.

After completing this long first entry, it closed the diary and slipped it back under the bed.

Although it had always harbored a grudge against the demon race for leaving it behind, in the end, it still missed its homeland.

Maybe back then, they had had no other choice but to leave it behind...

Er Ha looked at the bright sun through Wang Ling's bedroom skylight. In the demon world, the sun was purplish-black in color. Gazing at the sun in the sky, Er Ha suddenly thought of its brother Moji.

Moji was the chicken king in the circle of demon kings, and had been given the nickname The First Chicken.

In those days, they would cultivate together through the night, and when the morning arrived, Moji would always give a loud and clear roar.

If the Gate Between Worlds hadn't closed so soon, Moji would definitely have rushed out to save it.

I wonder how The First Chicken is doing now...

Er Ha lay prone on the floor and flicked its green tail as it wondered in its heart.

...

Just as Er Ha finished writing in its observation diary, elsewhere, Director Song of Landscape Manor received an investigation report.

His two subordinates had delivered the information to him as soon as he had arrived at Landscape Manor's foreign languages research office early that morning. "Director Song, here are the results..."

"So fast?" He was a little surprised.

"We had a fairly clear image of his face and he didn't use a transfiguration skill to hide his identity at all... after our technicians hacked the cultivation police station's database, they found a match very quickly," replied the tall man in a suit.

"It seems that this man has a lot of self-confidence." Director Song raised an eyebrow.

The short man in a suit started to sweat. "Director, maybe you should take a look at this person's profile first... this is a well-known menace."

A well-known... menace?

Just listening to this description, Director Song's heart immediately sank and he had a bad feeling.

When he flipped through the investigation results and saw the man's Taoist name, his head felt like it was about to explode.

...Fuck! Why was it that person?!

The old director couldn't help rubbing his temples; if the other party had just been at the general the Soul Formation stage, it would still have been fine... but this was not an ordinary person!

Lord Thunder, the owner of the cultivation forum... the most well-known menace in the cultivation world nowadays and a prime example of someone who took pride in courting death. The legendary Great Death Courting Senior! The famous troublemaker!





Chapter 108 The Wang Ling Aid Project


These two days, Zhuo Yi had been busy focusing on a government charity fund aid program for poor students in urban areas. The charity fund was a joint venture between many large enterprises, Huaguo Water Curtain Group being one of them. It just so happened that this fund aid project was being trialed in Peiyuan district. So when Zhuo Yi saw that Wang Ling's name was actually on the aid list, he had been completely stunned.

Wang Ling's name had been included on the list at Headmaster Chen's personal endorsement after Teacher Pan had applied to Director Xie on Wang Ling's behalf. After all, the whole school knew how "terrible" his family situation was. In an era when house prices weren't that expensive, they couldn't afford to live in the school district zone in the city. Every day, Wang Ling had to get up early for a two-hour spirit bus ride to school. Moreover, he hadn't been able to bring a decent spirit sword along with him to the spirit sword exchange meet.

To use Teacher Pan's six-word summary from the report on poor students which she had submitted previously: so miserable, so woeful, so sorrowful 1 ...

1(This is a line from a poem by renowned 11th to 12th century Chinese female poet Li Qingzhao.) Zhuo Yi had always harbored deep feelings for Wang Ling this little shifu, so of course he would pay particular attention to this matter. If shifu was in trouble, there was no way that he as shifu's disciple would ignore it.

The government had allocated quite a substantial amount of charity funds this time, but there was a limit nonetheless and massive numbers of students had applied for it. Zhuo Yi's current task was to remove from the list students from middle class families who saw themselves as very poor and to strike off those from rich families who had deliberately applied for fun.

It had taken Zhuo Yi two whole days to whittle down the number of student applications in Peiyuan district from three million to three thousand.

One of the biggest fakers was Lin Xiaocong! This was a famous rich second generation known throughout the country. He talked big and was a bit overbearing. Unfortunately, no one could do anything about it because his father was Lin Sicong. "My father is Sicong" was this rich second generation's standard pet phrase.

Zhuo Yi felt that he was a honest and upright official who had never accepted any gifts or money — he would always send back any anonymous express deliveries he received at his staff apartment. This time though, Zhuo Yi really had to harden his resolve to break his own principles... shifu's business was his business. There were three thousand applicants in total, and the chances of a successful application were very slim.

Hence, after careful consideration, Zhuo Yi decided to help Wang Ling get in through the back door.

If I can help shifu secure a position, wouldn't this be a step forward in my relationship with him?

As he was thinking this, he had already made a call to the Alliance of Ten Thousand Schools' Secretary Office.

He didn't have to wait long before the call was picked up and the old leader's voice immediately came on. "Hello, is that Little Zhuo?"

"Yes, it's me, Secretary Sun."

On the other end of the call, Secretary Sun frowned. "You were just appointed as Director of the General Administration of 100 Schools. Didn't I tell the HR department to let you take a short break? Why are you still working?"

"I've been busy with the charity fund trial program these two days, so I haven't been able to take leave. I'll rest when I'm done," Zhuo Yi answered honestly.

"Mm, the children always come first. Little Zhuo, I was right about you!"

The old Secretary nodded with satisfaction. "So, why have you called me this time?"

There was a saying, "one never goes to the temple without reason." As someone who had been immersed in politics for a very long time, Secretary Sun was very familiar with the ins and outs of the business; he would usually directly reject this type of phone call. But this was Zhuo Yi, so Secretary Sun would naturally treat it differently. This was the excellent leader who had been ranked first in the general poll. If he was calling to ask for help, there was a high chance that he had run into some trouble.

"It's like this, Secretary Sun, it's about the charity fund. I want to help one student in particular..." said Zhuo Yi.

"Which student is that?" Secretary Sun frowned. Why did this somehow sound like an imperial declaration?

"Does Secretary Sun remember the student who used the wooden sword at the spirit sword exchange meet between Number 59 High School and Number 60 High School?"

The old Secretary was nonplussed for a moment, then patted his head. "Oh! So it's him! I remember hearing all of you say that this student's family situation isn't very good, that they couldn't even afford a house in a school zone in the city."

"Yes! That's right, that's him! I'm glad Secretary Sun still remembers him!"

"Of course I do. I remember that this student was very special and had a different air about him. Just think, with so many people watching at the spirit sword exchange meet, he hadn't cared at all that he had gone on stage with a wooden sword."

"Then, old Secretary, what do you think of this Student Wang Ling?"

Secretary Sun thought for a moment before he spoke. "He gives me the feeling... of integrity born out of poverty!"

Zhuo Yi: "..."

"I understand your concerns, but you are now the Director of the General Administration of 100 Schools, so you have the final say on matters in Songhai city. You don't have to report to me; you have full authority to handle this matter as you see best. However poor we are, we cannot be poor in education — for such a righteous student, we should be even more diligent in nurturing him so that he will certainly become a pillar of the state in the future!"

"Mm, very well... thank you for your understanding, Secretary Sun."

After giving his report, Zhuo Yi hung up the phone and heaved a long sigh.

Next, it was time for him to go all out!

...

In the Headmaster's Office at Number 60 High School, Headmaster Chen and Director Shi stared at the same report, their eyes going over it from top to bottom.

The report had just been sent over from the office of the General Administration of 100 Schools, and it listed the names of all the students in the city who could apply for aid.

"The ten student applications which our Number 60 High School submitted were all approved!" Director Xie was pleasantly surprised.

"It seems that Student Zhuo Yi still has very deep feelings for our Number 60 High School." Headmaster Chen pointed to a name. "Look, of the ten names, there's even one with an asterisk for priority aid."

Priority?

Director Shi hadn't noticed it previously, but at the headmaster's words, she looked at the list again and then saw a very small asterisk next to one of the students' names. "...Wang Ling?"

She read the name aloud, then both of them nodded as they remembered this student.

His overall performance in the spirit sword exchange meet had been fairly ordinary, but the peach wood spirit sword which he had used had sparked a group discussion.

After the spirit sword exchange meet, this student's class teacher, Teacher Pan, had been looking for an opportunity to apply for aid on his behalf.

Headmaster Chen smiled slightly. "It seems that Teacher Pan's wish has been granted. This will truly be of immense help to this Student Wang Ling!"

"A priority aid beneficiary can apply for quite a number of provisions. I wonder what sort of supplies Student Wang Ling has requested. As long as it's reasonable, it should be within the range of the aid program," said Director Shi.

"With regard to this, Teacher Pan has already asked Student Wang Ling about what he needs. Apart from the basic special aid package, he also asked for something else..."

After Teacher Pan had received the news that the aid application had been approved, she had already asked Wang Ling early on about his aid requests, and the list of special requirements had been set to the Headmaster's Office.

In the basic special aid package, apart from basic provisions such as the exercise pack for "Three Years of College Exams and Five Years of Simulations"2 ... both Headmaster Chen and Director Shi ended up staring at the requested fifty boxes of crispy noodle snacks at the bottom of the list, lost in deep thought...

2(This is adapted from a series of exercise packs, "Five Years of College Exams and Three Years of Simulations," 5年高考3年拟, which is released in China for students who want to take the national college entrance exam ..)





Chapter 109 Lin Xiaocong's Fish-Slaying Sword


Early in the morning on Friday May 22nd, Lord Thunder was still watching guichu videos 1 on some bullet screen 2 website.

1(Guichu videos 鬼畜视频 showcase edited or spliced images and sounds on repeat loops that are often set to background music.)

2(From chapter 74, bullet screens refer to when users can make live comments during a live video stream, and these messages scroll across the screen over the video ..) He felt that identifying the number of times an image jerked in a guichu video with the naked eye was a very effective cultivation method. Not only did his eyes get a workout, his concentration was also put to the test.

The most frenzied guichu video on the Internet right now could jerk more than sixty times in a second, and he could catch all of them unerringly.

While he was cultivating very attentively, he received an untimely call. When he saw that the caller ID was listed as "Unknown Area," however, he knew that it had to be Little Black.

"Hello, Brother Little Black? Have you found any clues?"

Indeed, it was Little Black on the other end of the line. "Mm, I basically found all the inside information on Landscape Manor..."

It had to be said that Little Black was a pretty amazing guy. While the lab was still in the process of being restored, he could still produce results just by using the basic equipment. This was why he was so awesome. Lord Thunder didn't doubt that he could even make the whole earth rise up with just a computer!

But as he listened to Little Black's explanation, his brow grew more and more furrowed until they twisted into a knot. "You mean... this Landscape Manor is actually just a subsidiary company? The real magnate behind it is Mo Immortal Castle, that famous one-to-one education institution in the field?"

He had never imagined that Landscape Manor would be associated with Mo Immortal Castle. But if this was the case, the situation was perhaps more serious than he had expected. Because once the stone ghost mask combined with a person, it would not only bestow immense power on this successor, but also a special demagogic ability. It was because of this demagogic strength that Devil Emperor Gua Pi had been able to create his tremendous melon rind empire...

If the stone ghost mask fell into the hands of this "Mo Immortal Castle," Lord Thunder felt that it was highly possible that they would make use of the mask by combining it with their education resources to control the students.

He was a little astounded. Who would have thought that there was such a colossal conspiracy at work behind the scenes.

The only good news right now was that they hadn't gotten their hands on the stone ghost mask yet... but judging from Little Black's report on the situation, it was clear that they weren't going to give up on the mask without a fight.

"What is the identity of the Lord of Mo Immortal Castle?" Lord Thunder had a very somber expression on his face; he was starting to get a headache.

Little Black was silent for a moment before he replied, "This is the only thing I can't answer at the moment. They also have an information technology expert on their side, and it will take me a little time to do some digging without leaving a trace."

Hearing this, Lord Thunder nodded. Little Black always covered his tracks after he was done hacking so that it couldn't be traced back to him or to the location of the lab. If he wasn't careful and inadvertently alerted the other party, it would be bad for him.

"How many more days before you can give me the answer?" Lord Thunder asked.

Little Black gritted his teeth. "Twenty-four hours, twenty-four hours at most! I'll definitely find out by then, and let you know!"

"Very well, I'll have to trouble you, my Brother Black!"

With that, Little Black directly ended the call with the other man.

In the lab, he turned to take a look around.

Fifty to sixty percent of the basic equipment had now been restored, but right now Little Black was still feeling a little confused. He knew himself well, and was careful to never leave the slightest trace each time he hacked for information... so the question was, how had the guy who had destroyed his lab find this place the last time?

No matter how much he puzzled over it, Little Black just couldn't figure it out.

...

The dulcet tones of the school bell rang out on school grounds. For the students who were immersed in a tense learning atmosphere every week, they were always the most happy about Friday. Pretty much everyone felt excited knowing that the next day was the start of the weekend.

As Wang Ling entered the classroom this morning, the class was already talking about the second mock national college entrance exam.

For Senior Grade One students who had yet to truly experience the constant stress or taut nerves a student would get before an exam, the national college entrance exam was huge gossip and a perfect topic for idle conversation. No one knew whether they would be able to perfectly demonstrate three years' worth of learning this one last time before the actual college entrance exam. Number 60 High School's Golden Core college entry rate was within the city's average, but no one knew how many students in the end would actually be able to achieve the corresponding college entry scores.

After completing the national college entrance exam, students who passed the cut-off score could choose their university based on how high they scored. Depending on their overall result, they would also receive a government-subsidized Super Panacea.

In the current cultivation education system, after the college entrance exam was over, each student had a two-year long seclusion vacation to absorb the medicinal effects of the Super Panacea. The Super Panacea was a kind of elixir that could gather a large amount of spirit energy from heaven and earth in a short period of time and help students at the late Foundation Establishment stage break through to the Golden Core stage very quickly so that in the future, they could continue their studies at Golden Core universities.

Of course, this would all come later for Wang Ling.

The reason why Grade One, Class Three was discussing the national college entrance exam this morning was that the city results of the second mock exam had been published recently. This time, Number 60 High School's Clan Leader Yu Heng was unexpectedly ranked in the top one hundred students of Peiyuan district! This had instantly become a hot topic in the school.

Guo Hao had already been gossiping noisily since early morning after getting the news.

"I heard that Clan Leader Yu's total score in the second mock exam was just ten points off Number 60 High School's alum Senior Zhuo Yi's score back then! He almost broke Senior Zhuo's record!"

"Only ten points? If it had been the real college entrance exam, he definitely could have broken it! The college entrance exam paper is generally simpler than the second mock exam, isn't it?"

"Not necessarily." Chen Chao shook his head. "As far as I know, Clan Leader Yu was very strong when it came to the written component. If he tries it one more time, I think he will do very well again in the written component. But his spirit sword mark wasn't as good... when Senior Zhuo Yi graduated from school back then, he scored almost full marks for his spirit sword..."

"But there's also a rumor that something went wrong with Clan Leader Yu's spirit sword during the exam, so he didn't perform well," Lin Xiaoyu added.

"Hm? By the way, does anyone know who's ranked number one in the second mock exam?"

"Who else could it be, it's Lin Xiaocong..."

"That famous rich second generation who's always shouting 'My dad is Sicong'?!"

"Who else could it be except for him?" Guo Hao shrugged. "His Fish-Slaying Sword was custom-made exclusively for him by a foreign expert that his father Lin Sicong found, and it's ridiculously strong! Furthermore, it's extremely proficient at skewering seafood. I heard that if you throw this Fish-Slaying Sword into the sea, it can skewer all the mantis shrimp in it!"

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 110 A Student's Nightmare Is the Home Visit!


When school was over on Friday, Teacher Pan showed up once again.

Wang Ling immediately got a bad feeling.

Teacher Pan then announced that she would be making home visits to several students this weekend!

And one of the important subjects of this home visit was Wang Ling!

"Mm, the students who have received the notice about the home visit don't have to be nervous about it. This is standard school procedure." Teacher Pan smiled from the dais, then left with a pile of dictation exercise books in her arms.

She had hardly left when the whole class exploded in complete pandemonium. "Fuck! Home visit?! And they're all for male students!"

Guo Hao gave Wang Ling a pat on the shoulder. "Brother, be careful this weekend, remember to wash yourself spotless..."

Lin Xiaoyu: "Why wash spotless?"

Guo Hao sighed. "If your buttocks are spotless, whatever beatings you get after the home visit will leave conspicuous marks! You can then take photos to post on Weibo, and sue for domestic violence! Brother Wang Ling's butt is elegantly shaped — if it's embellished with a few handprints, this postmodern work would make him an Internet celebrity in no time."

Wang Ling: "..."

...

Wang Ling had already mentally prepared for Teacher Pan's home visit. He hadn't known how to respond to it at first, but now he thought that the home visit may be an opportunity for Grandfather Wang.

This kind of natural meeting was far more reliable than any sort of casual encounter he could deliberately arrange.

The most important thing was that it would take place at home. The old man didn't have to wander aimlessly alone outside, which was a huge relief to Father and Mother Wang.

When Wang Ling came back in the evening, he was surprised to find Mother Wang in the kitchen by herself for the first time in a long while. Usually, Grandfather Wang would have finished almost all of the cooking by now; Mother Wang just needed to wash the vegetables and act as an assistant. But this time round, the old man hadn't done any cooking at all.

It was very clear that there was something strange in the air in the Wang family's small villa today.

Wang Ling looked at the clock. It was already half past six in the evening.

The old man's favorite soap opera, Two Women and a Man , would be showing at this time. It was a Mary Sue TV series about the epic and bitter war between a mother- and a daughter-in-law.

But today, the old man hadn't turned the TV on ahead of time and waited in front of it like usual...

When Wang Ling entered the living room, he found the old man sitting calmly on the sofa and frowning slightly as he stared at something.

Father Wang was sitting next to him. When he saw that Wang Ling had returned, he straightaway explained in his mind what had happened, and Wang Ling picked up on everything through his Mind-Reading Ability.

The old man had been bored in the afternoon, and had gone to Father Wang's study. Father Wang had a habit of collecting old newspapers, and the old man had a habit of flipping through them for gourmet food recipes. If the old man came across some creative-looking recipes in the newspapers' food columns, he would copy them down himself and then fuse them with his own ideas to create new recipes.

Although he was already retired, the old man felt that he couldn't lose his love for food. Every two weeks, he would send copies of new recipes which he had invented in his free time to the restaurant he had worked for previously.

It was just that today, something had happened when he had been flipping through the old newspapers...

A few days ago, Wang Ling had drawn a picture of Teacher Pan with his Space Sketching Skill. When Father Wang had put it away, it had become wedged between the sheets of a newspaper. In the end, it had caught the old man completely off-guard.

The old man had spent the whole afternoon since then staring contemplatively at the drawing, not even drinking so much as a sip of water.

"Ling Ling, do you think your grandfather's dementia has become worse... or has it eased a little? I think that he's had too much stimulus today," Father Wang murmured in his heart a little guiltily.

Wang Ling: "..."

The old man's dementia was also a tricky problem for Wang Ling; if he used his mental powers to forcefully push his way into the old man's consciousness, there were three possible outcomes, from most likely to least likely.

First: The old man would directly explode on the spot.

Second: The old man would directly turn black.

Third: The old man's dementia would be cured...

Of course, the last outcome was the least likely one.

The other party was his own grandfather, so there was no way Wang Ling would risk experimenting on him like a lab rat.

While father and son stared helplessly at Grandfather Wang, Wang Ling heard the kitchen exhaust fan turn off. Mother Wang took her apron off with one hand as she used the other to open the kitchen door and come out.

She looked at this scene in the living room, and then at the cooked dishes back in the kitchen. In the end, she sighed, and like Father Wang, sat down next to the old man. Together, the couple and the old man stared at this drawing.

"..."

Wang Ling rubbed the skin between his eyebrows, and then slowly told Father and Mother Wang about Teacher Pan's home visit tomorrow.

The three people on the sofa suddenly looked up with thrilled faces. "Home visit?! Why didn't you say so earlier?!"

Wang Ling: "..."

Father Wang threw his arm around the old man's shoulder. "Dad, that's great, your wish will finally be fulfilled."

As if pressure on his acupuncture points had been released, the old man instantly came back to his senses and started to choke with emotion. "Little Pan... I never expected to be able to see Little Pan again!"

Grandfather Wang was so excited that he almost couldn't control himself; his eyes were very red, and they shimmered with tears that nonetheless didn't fall. It had been a long time since Wang Ling had seen him so excited; he remembered that the last time his grandfather had been unable to contain his emotions was shortly after Wang Ling's birth, when the old man had brought him to his grandmother's tomb at Qingming 1 .

1(Qingming is a cultural event where the Chinese clean the tombs of their ancestors and pay their respects.) The old man's excitement back then had been tinged with sorrow, but his excitement this time was akin to crying tears of joy.

Father and Mother Wang were glad in their hearts; it seemed that the old man's dementia could finally be cured!

After that, the couple spent the whole night coaching Grandfather Wang on how he should speak once he met Teacher Pan at home tomorrow.

Finally, after some discussion, the couple decided to hide in the study tomorrow and leave the old man and his grandson Wang Ling to do as they liked!

This was also to indirectly help create more space for the old man and Teacher Pan. The presence called Wang Ling would still be there, but he never spoke, after all, so he would be no different to a lightbulb 2 on the side...

2(A 'lightbulb' in colloquial Chinese has the same meaning as 'a third wheel .. ') ...

The next day was Saturday, May 23rd. At around nine o'clock in the morning, the Wang family's doorbell rang.

When Wang Ling opened the door, an exceedingly gorgeous woman was standing in front of him; she wore a light green lace dress and had a long ponytail and fine features.

Then, a familiar voice came out of this beautiful lady's mouth. "Student Wang Ling, good morning, your home is really far... it took me a long time to find it."

Wang Ling felt like he had just been electrocuted. "..." Bloody hell! Beautiful lady, who are you?! Why the hell do you sound like Teacher Pan?!





Chapter 111 Don't Lose to the Storm of First Love!


Wang Ling felt a little "fear" for the first time in his life as he looked at the beauty standing in front of him. There was no way anyone would realize that this beauty with beautiful hair and fair skin without the least hint of wrinkles was Teacher Pan, the fucking same person!

So... did that Teacher Pan with the near-bucket waist figure and grey-streaked ponytail take leave today because of her period or something?

He was a little stunned as he stared at this devastatingly gorgeous Teacher Pan — it felt like being unable to recover from watching a horror film.

Even if this was just like putting on makeup, how could it transform her to this extent?!

Looking at Teacher Pan, he suddenly remembered the three great witchcraft spells that were desperately sought after now by all female cultivators: plastic surgery, Photoshop and makeup cosmetics...

"What foolishness are you thinking about, Student Wang Ling?" Seeing this perpetually poker-faced student reveal a rare, surprised expression, Teacher Pan smiled, pleased. "School regulations forbid teachers from using heavy makeup or taking medication such as youth-retaining elixirs. But we're not in school now, and I ate a quick-acting youth-retaining elixir when I set out this morning. Please make sure you don't tell the other students, Student Wang Ling!"

Hearing her explanation, Wang Ling instantly understood.

This kind of quick-acting youth-retaining elixir sold on the market only worked for twenty-four hours before its effect disappeared. After ingesting the elixir, a person's skin would immediately be drawn up and become tighter; the body would become younger and radiant as a person returned to what they looked like at the age of eighteen.

After taking the quick-acting youth-retaining elixir, the Teacher Pan in front of him was actually Teacher Pan when she had been eighteen years old.

Wang Ling really never expected her to be so beautiful in her youth!

Teacher Pan came in and put on a pair of slippers before she sized up the Wang family's small villa. She frowned imperceptibly when she realized that there was no spirit energy in the house. Many parents nowadays would set up spirit gathering arrays in their homes so that their children could sleep well and cultivate regularly.

Generally, the spirit gathering array which a student used would be fairly small and quite cheap; Teacher Pan had completely never expected the Wang family to be so poor that they couldn't even lay down a single spirit gathering array. Student Wang Ling had actually grown up in this kind of environment, without a spirit gathering array, and had cultivated step by step to reach the Foundation Establishment stage?

To cultivate to the Foundation Establishment stage by sheer talent alone without any sort of supplementary resources had to have been incredibly hard.

Teacher Pan looked at Wang Ling with some pity and felt that this child was too unfortunate.

Wang Ling: "..."

When she walked into the living room, Grandfather Wang instantly stood up from the sofa; when their eyes met, they were both startled.

Grandfather Wang was taken aback because he hadn't expected Teacher Pan Shengcong to still be as young as before, after so many years.

Teacher Pan was taken aback because she felt that the old man in front of her seemed familiar for some reason, but she just couldn't think who on earth he could be.

On the side, Wang Ling read her thoughts. It was very obvious that she already no longer remembered much of Grandfather Wang.

After all, so many years had already passed.

The most important thing, moreover, was that Grandfather Wang's love had been unrequited. Wang Ling had never experienced the pain of unrequited love for himself; at that moment, Grandfather Wang was perhaps the only person who could truly understand the feeling.

Both individuals looked at each other for a long time, and seeing that Teacher Pan still hadn't recognized him after that, Grandfather Wang felt a little depressed and sighed in his heart: I'm old, after all... I'm no longer the same as back then.

In between the gazes of these two people, Wang Ling also perceived the unbridgeable gap between cultivators and ordinary men.

A person could retain their appearance by cultivating or taking elixirs. The full strength and effects of a youth-retaining elixir could only be brought out by using spirit energy to completely absorb it into the body. On the other hand, no matter how many youth-retaining elixirs an ordinary person took, in the end they would still slowly grow old because they lacked spirit energy.

Tragic?

Maybe a little.

But that was the reality.

Grandfather Wang was a fairly sanguine person and wouldn't fret over something like this. He gestured to Teacher Pan to sit down and served her a cup of black tea. "Please sit down and have some tea, Teacher Pan."

"Hello, sir, you are..." She frowned.

"Oh, I'm Wang Ling's grandfather. Ling Ling's parents have an urgent matter to attend to today, so it was left to me to meet you, Teacher Pan."

"Ah, I see."

Teacher Pan understood the situation and smiled. "It's not a problem, this home visit was also a spur-of-the-moment decision on my part."

Wang Ling felt that except for her voice, Teacher Pan seemed to have gotten younger in almost all other aspects — even her attitude was completely different from the typical Teacher Pan in the classroom, and instead was especially gentle and kind.

"It's fine, Teacher Pan." The old man smiled brightly.

"Then, sir, how should I address you? Mr Wang or Grandfather Wang?"

Wang Ling: "..."

Grandfather Wang felt depressed once again. "..."

It was very clear that the feeling of being called "grandfather" by his first love wasn't something that Grandfather Wang had ever wanted to know or experience.

Quickly calming his chaotic thoughts, the old man replied, "Call me Mr Wang..."

"Mm, very well, Mr Wang."

Teacher Pan laughed so sweetly that Wang Ling felt that if she had been holding a cup of milk tea in her hand, she would be on par with the Internet celebrity Milk Tea Sister 1 !

1("Milk Tea Sister" is a nickname for Zhang Zetian, a Chinese businesswoman and investor who initially gained Internet fame from a popular photograph of her holding milk tea ..) Wang Ling sat opposite them and listened as they exchanged a few polite words before they started to talk about him.

"Wang Ling this child is usually quiet in school, and I assumed this was largely because of the family atmosphere at home. But from my home visit this time, I find that Mr Wang has a very youthful attitude."

The old man scratched his bald head in embarrassment. "This boy is actually warmhearted, like his parents, and is an accommodating and good kid. Once you become familiar with him, you'll find that he has his unique qualities. Ordinarily, however, he always has this poker face — he's been like this since young, and he can't change it. Our family's given this frozen face of his a name, the 'cold to family syndrome.' Please don't mind it, Teacher Pan."

Wang Ling: "..."

Teacher Pan covered her mouth and laughed. "Mr Wang, you really have such a sense of humor! I have a question I would like to ask you."

The old man: "What is it?"

Teacher Pan: "Mr Wang, what month was Student Wang Ling born in?"

The old man promptly replied, "In December, on the 26th."

Teacher Pan stared at Wang Ling, then shook her head with a sigh. "No wonder..."

The old man: "Is there something wrong, Teacher Pan?"

Teacher Pan: "It's nothing, I just realized that it turns out Student Wang Ling is a Capricorn."

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 112 Don't Forget the Rainbow After the Storm


"I have always thought that Student Wang Ling is a very good kid. He doesn't stir up trouble at school and is very well-behaved. However poor we are, we should never be poor in education. I hope that our school's special subsidy will be of real help to Student Wang Ling. Given his talent, I believe that as long as he has enough resources, it shouldn't be a problem for him to reach the Golden Core stage." As Teacher Pan said this, she stretched out her hand to rub Wang Ling's head, and his expression became even more dejected.

The old man nodded. "Teacher Pan, you're absolutely right. However poor we are, we should never be poor in education! Ling Ling has always been the pride of our Wang family."

Teacher Pan smiled as she nodded like a chicken pecking at rice.

After that, the old man sincerely invited her to take a look around upstairs; as they laughed and talked together, Wang Ling followed calmly behind them. When Teacher Pan approached the study where Father and Mother Wang were hiding, they both held their breaths.

"Teacher Pan, what's wrong...?" the old man asked.

Teacher Pan pointed to the study as she had sensed an aura. "There seems to be someone inside?"

Sweating, Wang Ling hurriedly released a portion of his strength to cover up Father and Mother Wang's auras. When Teacher Pan stretched out her spiritual senses again and found that the aura from earlier on had vanished, she frowned. "Ah, strange..."

The old man smiled embarrassedly. "...Maybe it was a mouse."

Teacher Pan was shocked. "Are there mice in this villa?"

The old man sighed helplessly. "It's the outskirts, it's not strange to have mice here. They're rich in protein and can be eaten after their heads and tails have been removed. When we didn't have enough to eat before, I often caught mice to roast for Wang Ling's dad."

Teacher Pan: "..."

"..." Wang Ling suddenly felt that the old man's ability to spout nonsense was pretty awesome.

...

As they talked and laughed together, it was almost noon by the time Teacher Pan went downstairs with the old man.

"Mr Wang, I have two other students to visit in the afternoon, so I'll take my leave here." She looked at the old man and smiled.

This smile dazzled him a little, and seeing that she was about to go back down the hallway to the front door, he hurriedly grabbed her hands. "Teacher Pan, you haven't eaten yet, right? What about staying for some food?"

"This... that would be very troublesome for you..."

The old man was already taking his apron down from the clothes stand when he replied, "It's just a simple meal, how about a sweet and sour pork ribs set?"

Teacher Pan's expression changed a little; the old man's words were like an arrow that had struck an old photo album in her memories. The album was falling apart and had turned yellow with age, the photos inside so fuzzy that the faces in them were no longer clear...

In the end, she didn't leave, but it was obvious that her expression was no longer the same.

A sweet and sour pork ribs set...

This was my favorite food when I was younger.

How did this person know?

A coincidence?

Teacher Pan was silent as she sat waiting in the living room; she didn't talk to Wang Ling, and just looked spellbound at the old man's busy figure in the kitchen.

His mottled hands were riddled with scars and some old, distinct wounds; whether it was his left hand supporting the chopping board or his right hand holding the knife, they were both covered with calluses.

It was easy for Teacher Pan to guess that the old man had been a veteran chef who must have worked for at least several decades.

She quietly tried to recall an old picture in her memories, but just when it seemed that an outline was taking shape, the old man had already swiftly finished making the meal.

It was rice served with sweet and sour pork ribs and vegetables. The red ribs were drenched in a glistening sauce and seemed to be covered in a translucent golden sheen. They gave off an aroma to gladden the heart; this fragrance was enough to make a person drool uncontrollably.

Teacher Pan stared at these ribs with a clearly slack and absent-minded expression.

"This dish used to be one of my specialties. I haven't made it in a long time, I hope the taste is alright." The old man untied his apron and sat opposite Teacher Pan.

"Teacher Pan, have a taste!"

"Okay, thank you, Mr Wang."

She ate a small mouthful of rice and then took a soft bite of a rib; it was so soft and tender that it melted in her mouth. It had a special taste, and the juice was especially cool and refreshing, which involuntarily stimulated the appetite.

"This truly tastes so special." Teacher Pan couldn't stop praising it. "Why do these sweet and sour ribs give off such a cool and refreshing feeling?"

Grandfather Wang: "Just now I realized that there's no sugar in the house, so I used Ji Zhi Syrup 1 instead."

1(Ji Zhi Syrup is a traditional Chinese medicine..) Teacher Pan: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

When it was time for her to leave, Teacher Pan stood at the door and bowed deeply to the old man. "Thank you for receiving me, Mr Wang, your cooking is very good."

He was a little sad. "You are welcome to visit us again, Teacher Pan."

"Of course." She stood at the entrance of the Wang family's small villa, smiling slightly as the afternoon sun shone on her face. Her originally knitted eyebrows had gradually relaxed and there was a twinkle in her eyes. She bade the old man a solemn goodbye in an incomparably soft tone, then slowly turned around and left.

As Wang Ling looked at this scene, he knew that this story of first love, which had spanned so many years, had come to a full stop in this moment.

The old man stood at the door with his eyes fixed on Teacher Pan as she walked down East Huang Road to the bus stop.

By the end of the story, she ultimately still hadn't been able to recognize him.

But this was all no longer important to him.

...

In the middle of the night, the old man sat in the living room and took out his letter to first love from back then. On the back, stroke by stroke, he wrote his final farewell to his first love.

This is the first and final hymn...

Whether it was the pounding of my heart at the beginning,

Or the conclusion to unrequited love now,

The end to this emotional journey of more than thirty years

has been written.

...

I have suddenly forgotten the beginning of the chase,

But it is hard to forget your youthful countenance.

To put a full stop on thirty years of youth...

Everything is too beautiful.

...

Youth, first love...

These two books seemed to have been written in a hurry.

But fortunately, that last full stop

Is in the rainbow-colored clouds.

May you be happy like the rainbow,

If you are well, every day will be sunny...

In his bedroom, Wang Ling quietly looked at this final hymn which the old man had written.

At that moment, he suddenly understood.

The most beautiful romance wasn't necessarily about growing old with the one you love; it could be looking joyfully at the rainbow in the sky after the storm of love had passed, and sending the one you love off on the seven colors of the rainbow...





Chapter 113 Give Me a "Fighting Lion"


After Lord Thunder had bulldozed the garden behind the villa back then, he had built a simple sunroom. In it, he had planted different types of hybrid spirit grass which he used in his research.

Since he was a kid, his dream had always been to be the father of hybrid spirit grass 1 in the cultivation world.

1(This is a nod to Yuan Longping, an agricultural scientist who developed the first hybrid rice varieties in the 1970s, and who is dubbed China's "father of hybrid rice.") He had been trying to develop a kind of poor man's spirit grass that would be easy to plant and could rapidly gather the spirit energy of heaven and earth, which could be used by children from poor areas who had no cultivation resources.

Long before he had moved to Wenxian Garden, Lord Thunder had already been busy with this research.

Unfortunately, there were a lot of technical issues with hybrid spirit grass, and two months ago, he had become stuck in a bottleneck in his research. Since then, he hadn't made any further breakthroughs.

But just when his mental fortitude had been about to crumble... a broccoli from Grandfather Wang had helped him regain confidence in his research.

The first thing that he had done after returning home from the Wang family's small villa and calling Little Black was to replant the broccoli in spirit soil in the sunroom. Although Grandfather Wang had already cooked this broccoli... the spirit soil's unusual power could bring it back to life!

This was the important revelation that the great senior had imparted to him on this road of cultivation - Lord Thunder felt that no matter what, he had to save this broccoli!

...

When the first rays of light pierced through the morning mist early on Sunday May 23rd, Lord Thunder was already sitting and cultivating in the back garden of his villa.

Since replanting the broccoli, it had already become routine for him to sit before the broccoli in the sunroom every morning in addition to regularly doing eye exercises and watching guichu videos.

He crossed his arms and legs, straightened his back and stared at the broccoli steadily as his thoughts spun unceasingly... he felt that he was just a hair's breadth away from achieving enlightenment on Heaven's law, and from stepping out of Soul Formation into the Void Refinement stage.

Alas, he still hadn't been able to figure out great senior's meaning in giving him the broccoli.

While he was thinking about this, a message from an "Unknown Region" came in. Lord Thunder immediately knew that it had to be Little Black.

He opened the text, and as he read it, his gaze gradually turned heavy. When his fingers reached the bottom of the screen, he actually shot to his feet in astonishment.

He confirmed the content of the message once again...

After that, Lord Thunder sucked in a deep breath.

Because, according to Little Black's investigation, this Lord of Mo Immortal Castle seemed to have a connection to Immortal She Pi.

Was this the kid whom Immortal She Pi had left behind before being executed back then?

No one knew because there wasn't any concrete evidence.

Even the result of Little Black's investigation had just been calculated using a computer and by combining various types of data, and thus was debatable in itself.

Little Black had even highlighted the degree to which this information could be considered accurate at the bottom of the text message.

According to the computer's calculation, the overall accuracy of this information was fifty-eight percent.

"Fifty-eight percent..." Even if this Lord of Mo Immortal Castle was not Immortal She Pi's child, there was still some sort of connection. However, according to historical records and what little gossip Lord Thunder had heard, Immortal She Pi hadn't taken in any disciples before being executed.

Then...

This Lord of the Castle who was connected to Immortal She Pi - who on earth was this person?

Was this the reason why the Lord was so eager to obtain the stone ghost mask... for revenge?

Lord Thunder didn't dare make any assumptions.

For the moment, this was all conjecture... what was very clear, however, was that this was a huge problem that couldn't be ignored.

He had already made his boast to Brother Ling and several great seniors!

He had already sworn that until he found the mask's maker, he would definitely protect the stone ghost mask with all that he had!

...

After his morning exercise, Lord Thunder went to carry out another routine task, which was to reinforce the seal on the stone ghost mask.

This was a cursed mask which was too unpredictable and hence was dangerous.

Thus, he had sealed the stone ghost mask in a room in the basement. The guard matrix outside the room was something which he had customized himself; it was imprinted with a seal which he had personally drawn in order to suppress the evil powers of the stone ghost mask, and four netherworld chains hung in each corner of the matrix.

The netherworld chain was an immortal artifact which Lord Thunder had initially bought out at the market. It was hard and had the powerful ability to repair itself; there was no way anyone could run off with the stone ghost mask unless they cut through these netherworld chains.

The seal was utterly impregnable, but Lord Thunder felt that there were still some issues with his security measures.

Defensive measures had been set up inside and outside the room, and the room was even under tight surveillance; he could monitor the situation with the binding application software on his wristwatch, even if he was very far away.

But he still felt that there was something missing.

Cupping his chin, he pondered for a while before it instantly occurred to him!

Generally, holy artifacts or sealed objects would be guarded, right? He was lacking a guard dog!

After figuring it out, Lord Thunder immediately made a phone call, which was picked up by the alchemist Immortal Toya.

Hardly had the call connected when he heard a loud " boom " over the line...

He knew without it needing to be said... the man's furnace had exploded yet again.

" Cough...cough cough !"

Immortal Toya was coughing violently, presumably because of the smoke from the explosion — on his end of the call, it was an image that Lord Thunder could picture.

" Cough cough ... hello, who is it? This is Toya, what do you want..."

"It's Thunder..."

"Oh... it's Senior Immortal."

Lord Thunder: "Brother Toya, what are you doing?"

Immortal Toya: "Hm... just now I was working on a new type of elixir: a WIFI pill that once taken, will enable a person to carry a WIFI signal for twenty-four hours. Did you need something from me, Senior Immortal?"

Since he didn't need to be polite, Lord Thunder directly said his piece. Given his friendship with Immortal Toya, there was no need for him to beat around the bush.

After listening to his request, Immortal Toya was stunned. "A fighting master? Why are you asking me for a fighting master, you should go ask the Xiao clan. But the fighting masters that are left now are all just antiques... there is no battle qi for them to manipulate, nor can they use spirit energy — they're completely useless. Now they just work for the Xiao clan as security guards and maintain order in the Xiao Family Compound."

Lord Thunder sweatdropped 2 . "Brother Toya, are you purposely being obtuse? I'm not looking for a fighting master... it's a fighting lion 3 ! A lion! The thing you won from the Xiao elixir competition back then!"

2(This refers to the way a sweatdrop appears on a character's head in Japanese comics and cartoons as a visual symbol of speechlessness or helplessness at something.)

3(The words 'master' and 'lion' are homophones ('shi') in Chinese ..) Immortal Toya: "..."





Chapter 114 Brother Ling, Come over for a Bit...


Fighting lions, a kind of hybrid spirit beast that could possess wind and fire attributes, had been bred by the Xiao clan since the Spirit Energy era. Most fighting lions possessed the fire attribute, followed by those that had the wind attribute. A small number of fighting lions possessed both, which made them invaluable.

A young fighting lion's strength was equal to a human at the Golden Core stage. Not only were they powerfully built, fast and smart, their ability to learn was also very high; they were ranked first among all spirit beasts in terms of overall intelligence.

Because of the fighting lion's ferocity, the breeding of these spirit beasts was restricted by Huaxiu nation's Regulatory Office of Spirit Pets. As a result, fighting lions were very rare. The Xiao clan only had about five hundred of them; they were reared in Uta Forest, which was clan territory.

Immortal Toya had one which he had won in an elixir competition previously.

And now, he was an Alchemists' Association consultant for the Xiao clan — his relationship with the clan was pretty unusual.

Immortal Toya: "This little thing is very difficult to deal with; when I first got it, it was only the size of a basketball, but it chewed through eight of my pill furnaces... may I ask, why do you want to borrow this fighting lion, Brother Lei?"

"I want it to guard something for me. This thing is only watching an orchard for you, right? And even stealing spirit fruit to eat. Now is the time to test its actual combat strength!"

Immortal Toya's shoulders shook. "Then... how long do you need it for?"

Lord Thunder quickly replied, "Half a month."

Immortal Toya asked again, "That... will it be dangerous?"

Lord Thunder: "It might die."

Immortal Toya: "..."

"But don't worry, Brother Toya, if it dies, I'll reimburse you with something even better. Do you know the fighting phoenix? This is the latest hybrid bird the Xiao clan is breeding, and it's damn strong! Next time I'll steal one for you!" Lord Thunder swore solemnly.

Immortal Toya: "..."

The value of fighting lions went without saying. If it was any other person who had wanted to borrow it, Immortal Toya would have definitely refused straightaway. But this time, it was Lord Thunder who was asking; given their friendship and for the sake of face, Immortal Toya knew that he had no choice but to lend him the lion.

...

At night, Lord Thunder received a text message from Wang Ling containing some points for attention in relation to the parent-teacher conference. To sum it up in two words: low profile...

He was well aware of Brother Ling's character as someone who didn't like to show off his talents or abilities.

But honestly speaking, he was a bit disconcerted by the parent-teacher conference. He didn't even have a child of his own, but now he had to pass himself off as a guardian and attend this event. Just thinking about it gave him a damn headache.

After racking his brains, Student Lei Mouren suddenly thought of something, and he called Little Black once again. "Hello, Little Black, help me investigate one more thing. Um... right, please help me look up any information to do with the parents and teachers of Grade One, Class Three at Number 60 High School."

After saying that, he happily ended the call.

There was a good saying: know yourself and know your enemy, only then will you win every war!

...

At the same time, in the foreign languages research office at Landscape Manor, two men in suits, one tall and one short, stood in front of Director Song's table to give their report.

The tall man in a suit submitted a report which clearly documented the results of monitoring Lord Thunder for the whole of today.

At 4:00, the target got out of bed, went to the back garden and sat down to survey a piece of broccoli, head bent in concentration...

At 5:00, the target was still staring at the broccoli, head bent in concentration...

At 6:00, the target was still staring at the broccoli, head bent in concentration...

At 7:00, the target was staring at the broccoli, but then suddenly stood up...

...

Director Song stared at the report, his face bewildered. "..." What the hell was this man doing?!

Before he could think further on it, a call came in on his wristwatch. Looking at the caller ID, he became so frightened that his wrist shook...

It was the Lord calling.

"How are things coming along?" Over the phone came the deep male voice of the Lord of Mo Immortal Castle.

"Lord, today we surveilled the target for the whole day, but his behavior... seems very suspicious. He actually spent three whole hours sitting and staring at a piece of broccoli!"

"..." The person on the other end of the line was clearly taken aback for several seconds, before he slowly began to speak. "...This Great Death-Courting Senior is very famous in the cultivation world, what makes you think you can fathom the thoughts of a man at the Soul Formation stage?"

"What the Lord says is true..."

"No matter what this Great Death-Courting Senior is thinking, one thing is for certain... given the way this senior thinks, the more suspicious his behavior, the more it's clear that this matter cannot be allowed to drag on."

"Then, are we taking the mask by force?" Director Song was a little apprehensive.

So in the end, it had still come to this...

But it wasn't going to be easy to swipe this mask from a Soul Formation cultivator.

"I know what you're worried about, it will indeed not be easy to take this mask from Great Death-Courting Senior. This senior must certainly have a thorough understanding of the extremely strong curse on the stone ghost mask, and so he can't carry it around with him. I'm sure the mask is still in the villa; perhaps this senior has sealed it away by some means?"

"The Lord is right!"

Director Song nodded. "Even if we can break into the villa, it will also take us some time to break the seal."

" Hehe , not necessarily."

There was a low sneer on the other end of the line. "I will admit that this Great Death-Courting Senior is indeed troublesome, and it won't be easy to deal with a Soul Formation cultivator. But won't the results be different if we send people with the same level of strength?"

"Lord, you mean..."

"How about five Soul Formation cultivators?"

There was a laugh. "I want you to outline a plan and send them to invade the villa and grab the stone ghost mask!"

"Five... five Soul Formation cultivators?!" Director Song's hands trembled.

"Is five not enough?"

"..."

"If it isn't..."

The voice on the line continued, deep and shocking. "Then ten!"

Ten Soul Formation cultivators...

Director Song had already become completely incoherent. The two men in suits standing in front of him, both of whom were at the Golden Core stage, had lifeless looks on their faces. Director Song was just a Nascent Soul cultivator, but now he had to direct ten cultivators with higher realms than his at the Soul Formation stage in order to complete this mission...

"I recently expended a priceless treasure in exchange for these ten Soul Formation cultivators. They've signed contracts to serve my Mo Immortal Castle for three years. You've been with me for many years and have seldom failed in the tasks I assigned you. This time, I hope everything will be accomplished smoothly. The stone ghost mask is something that my Mo Immortal Castle must have, and it cannot fall into the hands of anyone else!"

Director Song clicked his heels together as he replied, "Rest assured, Lord! Your subordinate will definitely execute this mission successfully! I won't let you down!"

...

While Director Song was on the phone, Lord Thunder had once again gotten caught up in his tangled thoughts.

He sometimes had OCD, anxiety and the perfectionist attitude of a Virgo. He had to ensure that the stone ghost mask was absolutely safe in the villa when he wasn't around tomorrow.

Although he already had the fighting lion guarding the villa, Lord Thunder still felt a bit worried — it was the feeling you got when you weren't even five minutes out the door, but then suddenly began to wonder whether you had locked the door or turned off the gas...

So, after some consideration, he made another call.

"Hello, is that Brother Ling? Yeah, it's Thunder... so, tomorrow I'll attend the parent-teacher conference for you, can you come to my place to watch the stone ghost mask?"





Chapter 115 Come! Let You Cop a Feel!


It was Monday, May 24th. It was the day of the parent-teacher conference. It was also the most nerve-racking day for all the students at Number 60 High School. Wang Ling was perhaps the only person whose heart was as unruffled as the bottom of an old well; he even felt like laughing a little.

It wasn't the first time that he had found someone else to attend the parent-teacher conference. The main reason for this was that the Wang couple themselves didn't want to go as it would give rise to a lot of unnecessary problems.

First of all, the couple acknowledged that they were just ordinary people who didn't know how to cultivate nor have anything in common with other parents. And yet, two ordinary people had produced a child who had actually managed to cultivate to the Foundation Establishment stage and enter a cultivation high school — just thinking about it would make anyone suspicious. Another reason the couple didn't want to go was that they had had enough of other parents making comparisons.

During the parent-teacher conference, the thing that could be heard most often before the start of any meeting was XXX parents bragging about how brilliant their children were, how proficient their children's swordsmanship was, how high their children scored in the Cultivation Theorem exam... the Wang couple agreed that these brilliant children couldn't compare with their Ling Ling at all... if they really fought it out, he would wipe out their existence with just one wave of his palm.

How lonely it was to be invincible...

And so, after Father and Mother Wang had figured things out, they stopped going to any parent-teacher conferences after Wang Ling entered elementary school.

This kind of meeting was simply way too boring...

...

...

Wang Ling showed up in the Wenxian Garden luxury villa district where Lord Thunder lived at the agreed time of nine o'clock in the morning.

Because he still had to go to school, he had made a clone of himself to come to Lord Thunder's house. Although it was only a clone, he felt that it was good enough for protecting the stone ghost mask.

When he approached the gate to Lord Thunder's house, he saw in front of it a massive Shun Feng God Express container truck. Two couriers dressed in black suits jumped down from the truck. One pressed a remote control in his hand, and all four sides of the container immediately opened up to reveal a huge cage.

Inside the cage was a lion that was golden red in color and three times bigger than the spirit lions that could be found in any cultivation zoo.

With one glance, Wang Ling recognized that this was a fighting lion, a spirit beast bred by the Xiao clan!

It looked like this particular fighting lion had been well taken care of; it had four powerfully built limbs and was very robust, and the veins hidden faintly under the skin were as thick and solid as qiulong 1 . The instant the container was opened, its flame-colored mane flared out in the wind, and the look it cast upon the two God Express couriers made them shiver involuntarily.

1(Qiulong refers to a Chinese dragon, and is contradictorily defined as "horned dragon" and "hornless dragon .. ") The God Express couriers couldn't help sweating when they thought about how the lion's owner, Immortal Toya, had supposedly fed it a kind of tranquilizer pill before it had been sent here.

It was very obvious that the medicine's effect was wearing off; everyone knew that a fighting lion had a fiery temper — if it wasn't by its owner's side, it would be violent almost all of the time.

The two God Express couriers hurriedly offloaded the cage onto the ground and closed up the container. They stood anxiously at the entrance, and when they saw Lord Thunder open the door and come out, they immediately stiffened and bowed in greeting. "Shun Feng God Express! Mission accomplished guarantee! Mr Lei, please sign for..."

"Oh? You don't need my five-star comment today?"

The God Express couriers were only at the Golden Core stage, so didn't have high realms. They couldn't withstand this fighting lion's gaze, and just wanted to leave quickly.

"There'll be ample time for a positive evaluation later — it's fine as long as Mr Lei is satisfied with our service. We will take our leave first!"

The two God Express couriers bowed again before they left, driving the container truck away as if they were fleeing.

Seeing this, Lord Thunder couldn't help but laugh. "These two scaredy-cats!"

He then saw Wang Ling, who had been blocked by the container truck before it drove away, and immediately greeted him warmly. "Yo! Brother Ling! Nice to meet you!"

Wang Ling: "..."

"Brother Ling, let me introduce you. The guy in the cage is the fighting lion which I've borrowed from Immortal Toya to help me specially guard the seal; today, the two of you can take care of each other."

Saying this, Lord Thunder removed the heavy black iron chains on the cage. "You can come out now, Brother Fighter!"

"..." The fighting lion lay prone in the cage and merely opened its eyes lazily; it didn't have the slightest intention of coming out.

Wang Ling: "..."

It was clear from this attitude that it hadn't been completely tamed!

Generally, adult fighting lions only listened to their owners; if their owners weren't around, they wouldn't listen to anyone else at all.

Lord Thunder was a little embarrassed. He was at the Soul Formation stage, but couldn't even tame a little lion in front of his best brother; this was really a little humiliating!

He put his hands on his hips, prepared to negotiate with the fighting lion. "Brother Fighter, give me face, can you hurry up and come out of the cage? Brother Toya and I have known each other for so many years, and he sent you to me; that's how much confidence we have in you, do you get it?"

The fighting lion looked at him askance.

"Brother Fighter, I've never humbled myself like this before. I tell you, if it weren't because you're Brother Toya's pet, I would have beaten you up already! Come out of the cage right now or I'll get mad; when I'm mad, I scare even myself!" As Lord Thunder shouted, he poked his head directly into the cage.

With a " grr ," the fighting lion clamped onto Lord Thunder's head with its teeth. Immediately, blood started to pour out and run down his neck.

Wang Ling: "..."

Still in the lion's mouth, Lord Thunder sighed. "I've let Brother Ling witness such a sorry scene... but I made preparations beforehand!"

Right after he said this, an old voice sounded from his wristwatch. "Evil creature! Let go!"

It was Immortal Toya's voice.

Hearing this voice, the fighting lion sure enough immediately opened its mouth.

After breaking away from the lion's mouth, Lord Thunder wiped at the blood on his neck. "Fortunately I was smart enough to ask Brother Toya for a few voice recordings."

He pressed the play button.

Wang Ling then heard, apart from this "Evil creature! Let go!" command, several other phrases which Lord Thunder had also asked Immortal Toya to record: "Evil creature! Get down!"; "Evil creature! Lie down!"; "Evil creature! Raise your hands!"; and "Go, evil creature! The rest is up to you!"

Lord Thunder sighed. "Brother Ling, if you can't handle it later, just play this tape."

Wang Ling: "..."

...

Wang Ling looked at the fighting lion in the cage; his eyes were calm and completely unruffled.

He didn't even need to use the slightest bit of pressure to deliberately oppress the fighting lion — it just took a single look, and this majestic fighting lion was already so scared that its entire mane stood on end.

What kind of pressure was this?

The fighting lion was terrified and was consumed by an indescribable feeling. As a spirit beast, its innate ability to sense danger was telling it... this was a guy who couldn't be dealt with so easily.

What to do? Should I demonstrate goodwill?

If not, I'll die!

The fighting lion thought about it for a bit... no other way, now that it's come to this point, I can only use the cat's ploy of acting cute!

Then, Lord Thunder and Wang Ling watched as this fighting lion slowly came out of the cage, flipped onto its back in front of the two men, held up its paws, exposed its belly and closed its eyes miserably...

Come! I'll let you cop a feel!

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 116 Even a Soul Formation Cultivator Should Abide by Basic Laws


The Killer Gaze was a trick which Wang Ling commonly used. If Er Ha had been here, as a being that had experienced it before... it would definitely have sympathized deeply with this fighting lion.

When Lord Thunder saw the fighting lion become as obedient as a cat, he also couldn't help showing an amazed expression. In his heart, he once again marveled at how mystical this Brother Ling was.

He remembered when he had asked Wang Ling to come along to hunt down the demons that had escaped from the Gate Between Worlds to earth; almost each time it had been like this — with just one look from Wang Ling, those demons had been knocked down.

Lord Thunder was sure that it definitely wasn't a technique or forceful spiritual pressure; it was just a single look.

In the absence of any cultivation techniques, to what extent could one rely purely on pressure from a single look?

Lord Thunder felt that this was something Wang Ling had been able to grasp perfectly.

True, temperament was one factor. If the realms were equal, the one who had more powerful life and spiritual essence could evoke deeper fear — but this was also an indication of how unfathomable Wang Ling's true prowess was.

Of course, Lord Thunder didn't know that the person in front of him now was actually only Wang Ling's clone.

Wang Ling felt that if Lord Thunder knew the truth, this Great Death-Courting Senior would definitely start crying on the spot.

...

When the demon rampage had happened six years ago, apart from Zhuo Yi and some others who had been awarded for their deeds, there had in fact been some powerful cultivators who had been hired by the government to take charge of the aftermath and tidy up the mess.

There weren't many Soul Formation mercenaries in the world, and in Huaxiu nation's cultivation circle, the Ten Saints were the most renowned.

The Ten Saints was a group of ten mercenaries, all of whom were at the Soul Formation stage.

The Ten Saints had two distinctive characteristics. Firstly, they were not only strong, but also very savage! Since their establishment, all the assignments which they had accepted had been large-scale operations, and they had a habit of eliminating their opponents and leaving none alive... people in this line of business looking to employ the Ten Saints had come up with a distinctive saying —"Where the Ten Saints go, no grass grows!"

The second characteristic was their love of money. The Ten Saints were actually rare in that they were Soul Formation cultivators who could be bought with money... but the clients who could afford to hire them were also just as rare. This was because every one of the Ten Saints was crazy expensive. So for the Ten Saints, there was no such thing as true righteousness; they could be employed by the government to clean up a mess, but they could also be hired to commit misdeeds. For them, money was righteousness — as long as they were paid enough, they could call you "father" if you wanted!

Thus, when Director Song Qingshu found out that the people he would have command over were the Ten Saints, the shock in his heart reached its maximum limit.

For the first time, he felt that he had underestimated the Lord's might...

To hire ten people at one go would require an ungodly sum of money — even the largest pharmaceutical group in Huaxiu nation, Huaguo Water Curtain Group, would have to think twice. But the Lord this time had actually secured the right to use these ten people for three years... what kind of priceless treasure had he traded for them? It was hard for Song Qingshu to imagine with just his limited experience.

...

At a little past four o'clock in the afternoon, Lord Thunder was about to start off from the villa.

He tended to speed unconsciously when he flew on his immortal sword, and was done to two points on his sword-flying license after numerous demerits. The points would reset to twelve again in June, so in the meantime, he was going to take the spirit bus to Wang Ling's school. The journey would take about an hour and he would reach the school just before the start of the parent-teacher conference.

As a citizen of Huaxiu nation, even a Soul Formation cultivator should abide by basic laws.

Lord Thunder's rule for conducting himself in society had always been to be a good citizen.

After all, the times were different now.

In the past, as long as your realm was strong enough, you were allowed to do whatever you wanted in heaven and earth 1 . Take the oldest and most common example of an auction — previously, even if something had been properly purchased with money, there was still the risk that the new owner could be killed for it anytime. But now, there was the cultivation police as well as a formal legal system... the era where realms were everything was already over.

1(This is a reference to the title of a xuanhua novel, 天地任我行, which translates to "I am allowed to do anything in heaven and earth.") You might have prowess and realm, but if you broke the law, you would still be imprisoned and wind up picking up soap 2 with your brothers.

2(In Chinese, "picking up soap" is used to imply anal sex, i.e. in a communal shower, when a man bends down to pick up a soap bar that has fallen to the floor, he's basically exposing himself to be sexually taken advantage of.) Everyone knew that Lord Thunder was very fond of seeking death; he had already considered himself the Great Death-Courting Senior for years. However, there were some bottom lines he would never cross.

"Brother Ling, I'm leaving the rest to you!"

Lord Thunder spoke with Wang Ling at the front door of the villa as he prepared to leave.

Wang Ling crossed his arms and leaned against the door with a solemn expression. Next to him, the fighting lion crouched down in a show of obedience.

After Wang Ling had tamed it with one look, the lion's previously unapproachable attitude had changed, and it now twisted its body to lick its mane, and lick its anus...

Lord Thunder was speechless... this guy had already completely become a cat in front of Wang Ling!

"Brother Ling, you've felt it too, right?"

Lord Thunder asked as he stood by the door and looked at Wang Ling's solemn expression.

Wang Ling nodded without hesitation.

He was well aware that there was more than one person watching them.

"Looks like my misgivings weren't unreasonable; I knew that bunch wouldn't give up so easily!"

Wang Ling frowned.

Lord Thunder: "But Brother Ling is here. I'm sure you can handle it, right?"

Wang Ling frowned again.

Lord Thunder: "Brother Ling, don't frown like that, it makes me very nervous!"

Wang Ling: "..."

...

There were a lot of things that could make Wang Ling frown, such as exam results that were too good, Father Wang deducting his pocket money, limited edition crispy noodle snacks selling out...

Of course, fear wasn't one of them.

Wang Ling had to admit that the guys outside had very formidable auras; they were completely unlike that bunch of Shadow Stream killers that he had dealt with previously, so he didn't know whether it would be easy to beat them or not.

He hadn't needed to make a move against that Shadow Stream bunch before they had been killed by backlash. Looking at the overall strength of the group outside, Wang Ling felt that these people could probably endure two or three of his punches...

The reason why Wang Ling frowned was that he felt that the other party had a little too many people, which made him super annoyed.

After all, tonight was the premiere of the latest large-scale, anti-corruption cultivation TV series In the Name of Cultivation 3 , and Wang Ling didn't want to miss it! Because during the series premiere, major sponsor Small Raccoon was going to randomly select three hundred TV audience members to receive a large gift hamper of thirty years' worth of free crispy noodle snacks...

3('In the Name of Cultivation' is a spin on the 2017 Chinese TV drama series 'In the Name of the People .. ') If he was held up because of that bunch of people outside, Wang Ling was going to spill blood!





Chapter 117 If the World Insults Me, Curses Me, Betrays Me, What to Do?


Given Wang Ling's current realm, even his clone possessed immense energy, and in order to control such energy, he would inevitably have to use his original body's spiritual force.

How the fuck was he going to be able to binge watch his TV show comfortably?!

When Wang Ling sensed those ten Soul Formation auras outside, it felt like he had been duped by Lord Thunder once again.

He had thought that all he would be doing was guarding the stone ghost mask for a bit until Lord Thunder returned from the parent-teacher conference, which was why he had just sent a clone.

Who would have thought that Landscape Manor that bunch would actually dispatch ten people, and furthermore all of them were at the the Soul Formation stage...

Of course, if his real body had been here, he would have had absolutely nothing to worry about.

The problem was that this was just a clone, which had one fatal weak point — when it was under extreme attack, its protection mechanism would kick in and it would instantly crumble to fine dust.

At present, there were still two hours before the students of Number 60 High School were finished for the day, and three hours before the TV show aired. This meant that Wang Ling had two hours to use this clone to get rid of these ten Soul Formation cultivators. After that, he could call his clone back and then happily go home to wait for the start of the TV show.

He cupped his chin in his hand and thought for a bit.

After two minutes, he had come up with a more reliable solution.

In the current situation, the only way he could lower the risk of his clone disappearing was by ensuring that these people didn't touch it. If it vanished, the fighting lion would be powerless to stop these ten Soul Formation cultivators from grabbing the stone ghost mask.

Wang Ling searched high and low in Lord Thunder's villa for a long time before finally finding the materials for making a talisman — cinnabar, yellow talisman paper, spirit water and a writing brush.

Drawing talismans was a fundamental cultivator skill, and these were essential talisman utensils in almost every household. When Wang Ling noticed that black dust powder had been mixed into Lord Thunder's cinnabar, he couldn't help sighing... mixing black dust powder into the cinnabar could greatly increase the odds of successfully making a talisman. On the market, each gram of black dust powder could sell for up to twenty thousand HNY.

This was truly extravagant...

But Wang Ling didn't really care whether there was black dust powder or not. Even without these supplementary materials, his success rate at making talismans was over ninety-nine percent. It was only when he was making the more rare and powerful talismans that there was a small chance he could fail.

This time, Wang Ling was going to draw a functional talisman with the ultimate aim of boosting the fighting lion's prowess.

Immortal Toya's fighting lion was already on par with a cultivator at the the Soul Formation stage. What Wang Ling needed to do now was to carefully package it by adding special effects 1 — it would be best if the lion could give a formidable first impression.

1(This is from a viral remixed video of an old shampoo ad starring movie star Jackie Chan. In the video, Chan says that special effects can make the hair soft and shiny.) ...

A limousine was parked outside the villa in Wenxian Garden. A tall man in a suit was the driver and Song Qingshu sat in the front passenger seat.

In the back of the limo, the Ten Saints sat in a circle with their legs crossed. The space inside the car had been enlarged using the Space Expansion Skill so that it was as big as a sports field; it wouldn't have been crowded even with another hundred people inside.

Currently, these ten Soul Formation cultivators were setting up an array together, which made for a pretty amazing scene.

"Lord Director, what are the Ten Saints doing?" asked the driver subordinate.

"They're setting up a Heaven and Earth Spirit Awakening Array." Song Qingshu narrowed his eyes.

A cultivator's spiritual sense was similar to a cellphone signal; the higher a cultivator's realm, the more sensitive they were to nearby spiritual signals. This Heaven and Earth Spirit Awakening Array being set up by the Ten Saints could cause these spiritual signals to converge into one universal stream channeling down from the cosmos and connecting heaven and earth, thereby creating a blanket effect and rendering the signal invisible. Hence, in this spirit array, even a person with the highest realm would relax their guard and could be monitored without being aware of it.

Legend had it that this Heaven and Earth Spirit Awakening Array was an ancient array that had been used by senior cultivators on the cultivation battlefield to monitor demon race activity. If necessary, it could be used as an offensive manoeuvre to gather and launch spiritual pressure. This pressure falling from the heavens would have the gargantuan might of a satellite laser cannon!

Nowadays, however, there were fewer and fewer people who could run this array.

To activate this array, a person's realm had to be at the the Soul Formation stage or higher. Furthermore, at least three people were required to set up the array together — the more people there were, the more powerful the array would be.

In the front passenger seat, Song Qingshu watched this scene on a monitor screen and couldn't help exclaiming repeatedly in his heart — that was the Ten Saints for you... not only did they know about such an ancient array, but they were also so skilled at running it!

At that moment, an old man with a goatee inside the array said calmly, "Director Song, Lord Thunder has left."

This was the leader of the Ten Saints, with the Taoist name Great Saint...

"Left?"

Song Qingshu frowned. "Given Lord Thunder's personality, it's impossible that he would leave the stone ghost mask unattended in the villa. He definitely has to have some other defensive measures in place... Senior Great Saint, do you see anything else?"

The goateed old man nodded. "It is as Director Song expected. Although this Lord Thunder has left, there is a youngster and a fighting lion still inside the villa."

"Why is there a fighting lion?"

Song Qingshu's eyebrow twitched. This fighting lion wasn't a typical soul pet, since they were bred and trained by the Xiao Clan. To be able to borrow a fighting lion... did this mean that Lord Thunder and the Xiao Clan had a close relationship?

The goateed elderly Taoist smiled coldly. "Shall I get rid of this beast?"

Song Qingshu: "I think... we have to take the impact of our actions into account. If we kill this fighting lion out of hand, I don't think the Xiao Clan would let this matter go. What is your opinion, Senior Great Saint?"

"It seems that Director Song still doesn't quite understand how we work."

The goateed elderly Taoist shook his head.

"Director Song is familiar with Taoist Hanshan and Taoist Deyun? They once fought each other, and a well-known saying emerged from this confrontation..."

Song Qingshu suddenly understood. "Is that the saying, 'If the world defames me, betrays me, insults me, laughs at me, despises me, humiliates me, hates me, cheats me, how should I handle it'? Of course I know it... I also know that the second part of the saying is, 'Just tolerate him, let him, leave it to him'..." 2

2(This is adapted from a conversation between two well-known monks in the Tang dynasty, monk Hanshan and monk Shide ..) But before he could finish speaking, the goateed elderly Taoist directly waved his hand and interrupted him. "No, that isn't it."

Song Qingshu was a little puzzled. "Senior Great Saint, please instruct me."

"I wouldn't dare teach you, Director Song, you are an administrator appointed by the Lord of the Castle. In official matters, your position takes precedence over our realms. We will all follow your instructions and arrangements." The elderly Taoist smiled. "But for the smooth execution of our assignments in the future, I think it's still necessary to explain to Director Song how our Ten Saints operate..."

The dialog between Taoist Hanshan and Taoist Deyun was already common knowledge.

Song Qingshu was really quite curious about the different interpretation which this goateed elderly Taoist, leader of the Ten Saints, had of this saying.

"The world insults me, curses me, betrays me, what to do? Actually, the answer is quite simple."

Song Qingshu's eyes were fixed on the monitor screen. The elderly Taoist sitting with his legs crossed stroked his goatee as he slowly said, "You just need to mess him up, play him, laugh at him, chop him up, deal with him, beat him up, then wait for several years before you visit him at his burial mound!"

Song Qingshu: "..."

After saying that, the elderly Taoist stroked his goatee with satisfaction. "This is how we Ten Saints do things! It's just a beast. Who cares whether it's from the Xiao Clan or not, we have absolutely nothing to fear."

Song Qingshu:"..."





Chapter 118 Senior Great Saint, Are You Alright?


Listening to the goateed elderly Taoist's words, Director Song genuinely felt that the Ten Saints' brutality wasn't just for show.

Previously, Song Qingshu had heard a rumor that the Ten Saints had once been hired by someone to take revenge on the ghost clan. The reason was that the person hadn't been able to obtain an SSR while playing Onmyoji 1 ... in the end, after preparing for three days, the Ten Saints dropped in on the ghost clan and massacred all of them in one day; even Shutendoji 2 , the young master of the ghost clan, hadn't been let off.

1('Onmyoji' is a mobile game set in a mythical Japan where humans and supernatural beings co-exist. An SSR is a "Specially Super Rare" item that cannot be obtained in a game through normal means.)

2(Shutendoji is a famous Heian monster in Japanese legend.) In Song Qingshu's view, making enemies of the Xiao Clan was unnecessary trouble, and it would be best if they could avoid it. But clearly, given the Ten Saints' savage nature, it would be impossible to ask this bunch of people to consider the impact on power relations between the large clans; there was no way they would let this fighting lion go.

Additionally, Director Song had also heard a faint warning in the other man's words which could roughly be summarized as: we will listen to you, but don't meddle in the way we do things, otherwise we're going to have to disagree, and it won't be a pretty sight.

He wasn't a fool; he naturally understood the implications.

When all was said and done, in the end it still came down to realms. While the modern cultivation world placed high importance on a lawful society and a hierarchical management system, there were still those who were arrogant about their realms and thus were contemptuous of social rights.

The Ten Saints were a perfect example.

Song Qingshu's heart was as clear as a mirror. The reason why this bunch of people still listened to him now was purely to give the Lord of the Castle face. As soon as he fell low enough for the Lord to cast him out, he would find himself in a very dangerous situation.

After pondering for a moment, Song Qingshu let out a sigh. "The Lord's only demand was that we seize the stone ghost mask. Seniors can decide for yourselves how you would like to deal with the fighting lion and that youngster. But I have to point out that this youngster is someone whom Lord Thunder invited to come here, so there definitely has to be something extraordinary about him. When you make a move later, please do be cautious..."

" Hehe , he's just a kid. Judging from the way he's dressed, I reckon he's just a lackey Lord Thunder asked to come. We've been cultivating the Demonic Path for thousands of years, is there any kind of demon or ghost that we haven't seen? It's just one lackey, what do we have to be afraid of?"

The goateed elderly Taoist sneered as he surveyed their surroundings before saying slowly, "Brothers, listen to my command, we'll make a move together. We'll use the build-up of spiritual pressure from the Heaven and Earth Spirit Awakening Array and throw it at this villa! Any living thing inside will definitely be reduced to meat patties! When the time comes, we can process these patties to make Laoganma 3 minced meat sauce; this type of fresh meat sauce is the Ghost General's favorite!"

3(Lao Gan Ma is a well-known brand of chili sauces in China.) Director Song and the man in a suit next to him broke out in a sweat; using spiritual pressure to flatten their opponents into meat patties was bad enough, but to want to make them into meat sauce... this was too insane!

Song Qingshu looked at the monitor screen once again; in the back of the car, the goateed elderly Taoist who was leader of the Ten Saints, Great Saint, had already officially started array operations. The Heaven and Earth Spirit Awakening Array had switched from surveillance mode to offensive mode. From the scene on the monitor screen, Director Song could see that the massive spiritual pressure had already started to generate unstable fluctuations.

The attack had officially begun.

Spiritual pressure was an invisible flux that couldn't be seen with the naked eye, and could only be detected through a cultivator's spiritual senses.

Streams of air twined and merged above the head of the goateed elderly Taoist. Then, the ten Soul Formation cultivators released spiritual pressure together at the same time; the pressure converged into an energy stream that swirled and hovered in the air above them as a large, infinite vortex.

When this spiritual pressure reached maximum capacity, the goateed elderly Taoist roared, "Have a taste of my godly strength — there is no stronghold we cannot overcome!"

Then, this invisible energy stream suddenly shot straight up to form a pillar of energy that broke through the dense cloud layer in the sky.

"That youngster inside the villa, along with the fighting lion, will face certain death today!" The goateed elderly Taoist smiled coldly. As if he was doing maths formula conversions, he manipulated this huge energy stream to come flooding back down from the sky!

Song Qingshu stared at the monitor screen and broke out in a cold sweat. The Lord of the Castle had requested that they grab the stone ghost mask preferably without involving other people. This torrential spiritual pressure generated by the Heaven and Earth Spirit Awakening Array was a large-scale spiritual attack. They had to aim and strike their target precisely, otherwise no living thing would survive the spiritual oppression of ten Soul Formation realms as it came pouring down!

...

Wang Ling was drawing a talisman in the villa when he noticed the cinnabar on the table trembling minutely.

He silently raised his head and looked up at the ceiling.

Spiritual pressure from the cosmos?

He was a little surprised.

He hadn't expected that there would still be people nowadays who knew how to set up a Heaven and Earth Spirit Awakening Array; this was one of the four holy arrays that had been used against the demon race back then.

It seemed that these really weren't ordinary people.

But Wang Ling paid it no mind at all as he turned his head to look at the fighting lion next to him. This guy was already so frightened that it had curled into itself like a snail. Spirit beasts were more sensitive to this type of spiritual oppression than ordinary people, similar to how creepy-crawlies could sense an impending earthquake. Although this fighting lion was powerful, it was obviously still not strong enough to withstand the spiritual oppression of ten Soul Formation cultivators.

The other party's intention was clear: they wanted to use invisible spiritual pressure to get rid of them... but Wang Ling felt that their technique was still immature. The advantage of the Heaven and Earth Spirit Awakening Array lay in its convergence with invisible power from the cosmos. Even his clone could sense that the other party clearly lacked understanding and proficiency when it came to this spirit array.

As this invisible spiritual pressure approached the villa, Wang Ling calmly raised his head and blew out a breath...

...

Inside the limousine, Director Song and his subordinate next to him were looking at the monitor screen.

It had been thirty seconds since the Heaven and Earth Spirit Awakening Array's offensive mode had been activated, as invisible spiritual pressure from the cosmos converged and was launched in an attack. However, whether it was the back of the car or the villa on the monitor screen, everything was utterly still, without even a hint of a wave in the air.

"Senior Great Saint... did it work?" asked Song Qingshu.

The goateed elderly Taoist narrowed his eyes as he said loftily, " Heh , they're dead for sure. It takes time for the spiritual pressure to come down, you just need to be patient!"

Song Qingshu: "..."

Another thirty seconds passed...

Looking at the monitor screen, Song Qingshu felt that something wasn't right. For some reason, the goateed elderly Taoist's head seemed to be larger than before... had the peripheral nerves in his thighs died, hence why his head was puffing up?

Song Qingshu cried out in astonishment. "Senior Great Saint, are you alright?"

The goateed elderly Taoist: "I'm cosplaying Big Head Son 4 ! Don't make a fuss if you don't understand!"

4('Big Head Son and Small Head Dad' is a popular Chinese children's book that was also adapted into a cartoon ..) As soon as he said this, his complexion changed... and he coughed up a huge mouthful of blood.

The goateed elderly Taoist clutched his chest as he shivered. At that moment, the head of this leader of the Ten Saints had already swelled to three times the size of a watermelon. "...It's a Blood Shadow Magic Skill, I can spray blood to kill my enemies! I'll show it to you so you can learn something new!"

Song Qingshu: "..."

This is obviously a fucking injury from backlash, bloody hell!





Chapter 119 Senior Second Saint, Are You Alright?!


There were different types of backlash. In the science section of the Cultivation Encyclopaedia , the injuries accrued from backlash were divided into five general grades.

To Song Qingshu, it looked like the goateed elderly Taoist had suffered fourth-degree backlash. The spiritual pressure which had recoiled on him had rampaged through his body with no release outlet. In addition, the goateed elderly Taoist had circulated his own spirit energy in an effort to fight it, which had had the effect of driving the spiritual energy up into his head, thus causing it to swell.

If his condition wasn't treated in time, it was very likely that he would wind up in a coma and become a vegetable.

No matter how shallow Song Qingshu's experiences were when compared with Soul Formation cultivators, he was still a Nascent Soul cultivator. He might appear to be a naive fool in front of this bunch, but he could still tell that the goateed elderly Taoist had sustained a backlash injury! The build-up of spiritual pressure from the Heaven and Earth Spirit Awakening Array had bounced back; moreover, the only person it had hurt was the main coordinator of this array.

Song Qingshu was aghast. My god... it had actually bounced back.

Who on earth was that youngster inside the villa?

Before he could recover from his shock, the goateed elderly Taoist had already passed out in the back of the car, foaming at the mouth and mumbling incoherently.

"Shit! It's backlash from spiritual pressure! Quick... what grade is it?"

As the others surrounded the elderly Taoist, the light of the Heaven and Earth Spiritual Awakening Array under them began to dim rapidly and then shut down.

Second Saint frowned; using his spiritual senses to check, he was stunned. "Not good! It's a stage four injury!"

Hearing this, the other eight saints dropped their heads lifelessly with pained expressions on their faces.

They were well aware what stage four meant.

Although it wouldn't result in death, the possibility that he could turn into a vegetable was as high as ninety percent. Even if he could come back to himself, his cultivation would be diminished! Worse still, it was very likely that he wouldn't be able to cultivate ever again in his lifetime!

For a cultivator who was used to having a formidable realm, to become a cripple unable to cultivate any longer was a fate worse than death.

In the prominently quiet car, after a long period of silence, howls of grief suddenly burst out. Who could have ever expected that such an easy assignment would destroy the Ten Saints' brand?

Senior and junior brothers held onto the goateed elderly Taoist's legs as they started to weep bitterly. "Elder brother! Elder brother, wake up!"

"Elder brother, you were just one step away from becoming the king in King of Glory !"

Second Saint hugged the goateed elderly Taoist by his shoulders and squeezed his wrinkled hand. "Elder brother! We brothers will pull together! You must hang in there! Please remain strong and stay alive!"

And then, the goateed elderly Taoist weakly narrowed his eyes and raised his hand with a lot of effort. "I... I'm not dead yet... if each of you... give me a portion of your cultivation... I think I can still survive..."

In the front of the limousine, Song Qingshu and his subordinate were choked with emotion when they saw this.

This scene of brothers working as one in the face of disaster was just too moving!

Song Qingshu had always been an easy crier.

Just as his tears were about to fall, Second Saint embraced the goateed elderly Taoist and stretched out his hand...

He slowly lay it on his neck...

And then.

Second Saint straightaway strangled him to death...

"!!!"

Song Qingshu and the man in a suit were stupefied.

"Senior Second Saint, this..."

Second Saint shook his head sorrowfully. "I'm saving elder brother from a wretched fate; even if we save him now... he was bound to become a cripple in the future."

"But Senior Great Saint said that as long as each of you gave him a portion of your cultivation..."

Second Saint: "Director Song, will you believe the nonsense a man spouts on his deathbed?"

Song Qingshu looked at the monitor screen. Before this Great Saint had died, he had been staring wide-eyed at his own junior second brother. He had completely never expected that in the end, it would be his own fellow brother who would send him to hell.

Song Qingshu was speechless for a very long time. "..." It was fucking obvious that the elderly Taoist had died with a grudge!

This should have been a moving performance of fellow brothers pulling together in the face of calamity, but instead it had turned into a miserable dog-eat-dog drama about internal rivalry.

Song Qingshu's head was hurting; he already had utterly no idea how to write his final report.

"Elder brother, rest in peace..."

Second Saint stretched out his hand and closed the goateed elderly Taoist's eyes. "Don't worry, I'll definitely take revenge for you!"

Song Qingshu: "..." You were the one who fucking strangled him to death, hey!

On the side, their fellow brothers were still weeping piteously. "Second brother, don't blame yourself. If elder brother's spirit is looking down on us from heaven, he would definitely understand!"

Second Saint's hands curled into fists and he got to his feet, his cyan-colored Taoist cloak fluttering as it was caught up in a burst of spiritual pressure. "Fellow brothers! Elder brother is gone, but our grief will not stop us from taking revenge!"

As he said this, his fellow brothers around him burst out in enthusiastic clapping, some of them moved to tears again.

Finally, Third Saint regained his composure and spoke on behalf of the others. "From when we were first formed until now, we Ten Saints have never been this desolate. Now that elder brother is gone, we should all listen to second brother!"

"Understood!"

Second Saint nodded. He then recited a spell, and a purple light glowed in his hand.

In a matter of seconds, there was a reaction from the deceased goateed elderly Taoist's storage bag, and a thick and powerful Buddhist staff flew out and into Second Saint's hand. When he struck it once on the ground, terrifying spiritual pressure surged up around them!

The overwhelming aura of the Demonic Path enveloped the scene, instantly making it hard to breathe.

The rest of the eight saints all had stunned expressions on their faces as they cried out in alarm. "The Night Demon's Weapon!"

Song Qingshu gazed at the monitor screen, his heart overwhelmed with shock... because this Night Demon's Weapon was a magic weapon that had been personally crafted by Immortal She Pi! But it was so evil that Immortal She Pi had had to personally seal it away!

This was a first-class immortal weapon. It wasn't just exceedingly powerful, it also had a special ability — when each of its subsequent masters died, it would swallow up their souls, which would enhance the power of the Demonic Path! This could happen up to ten times, hence this staff possessed power beyond that of other immortal weapons.

"Back then, when shizun 1 found this Night Demon's Weapon, he gave it to elder brother at the time of his death! Now that elder brother is gone, his soul has been absorbed by this weapon! Today, I am the third master of this weapon, and I will take revenge for elder brother! No matter who that youngster is, today I am going to cut off his head and water elder brother's grave with his blood!"

1('Shizun' is one rank higher than 'shifu,' and can be interpreted to be shifu's master ..) After saying this, Second Saint raised the Buddhist staff and shouted, "Ghost, come!"

He struck the ground with the staff again and again, and a cyan-colored Ghost General that would have been invisible to an ordinary person rapidly took shape in the air. The general had fangs as thick and solid as an elephant's tusks, and when it stood up, it was four meters tall!

In the front of the limo, Song Qingshu and the man in a suit next to him shuddered from head to toe and felt like they had been sapped of their strength. It felt like they had been pinned to a bed by demonic pressure.

Second Saint then pointed the Buddhist staff at the villa as his spiritual senses locked directly onto its location.

The Ghost General immediately bared its fangs and lunged ferociously in the direction of the villa!

Though its body was massive, it was incredibly fast!

The ground sank, and flowers and grass instantly wilted in its path.

Inside the car, Song Qingshu and the nine saints had their eyes fixed on it.

But very quickly, something shocking happened...

The Ghost General that had been streaking toward Lord Thunder's villa had actually retreated halfway...

And unlike its savage expression when it had first flew out, there was now a clearly terrified expression on its face!

As if it had encountered some prehistoric monster, it was so frightened that it fled back into the Night Demon's Weapon without even saying a single thing!

Nobody had expected the Ghost General to actually turn back before even a fraction of the power of the Demonic Path could be unleashed.

The immense power of the Demonic Path lashed about inside the Night Demon's Weapon, and Second Saint jerked spasmodically as if he had been electrocuted.

He gritted his teeth, his expression one of agony.

By the time everyone reacted, they realized that the fingers on Second Saint's right hand, which had been holding the Buddhist staff, had already broken into pieces from the powerful jolts of the staff, and his entire hand was bleeding freely.

As the Night Demon's Weapon dropped to the ground with a clatter, everyone saw Second Saint's head grow bigger and bigger...

In front of the monitor screen, Song Qingshu was alarmed. "Senior Second Saint, are you alright?"

Second Saint looked at his fingerless right hand. "I'm cosplaying Doraemon! Don't make a fuss if you don't understand!"

As soon as he said this, he coughed up a mouthful of blood.

With great difficulty, Second Saint resisted the battering of the Demonic Path's power inside his body. But just when this second brother leader had succeeded, his head was already the size of four watermelons. "...Previously, elder brother's Blood Shadow Magic Skill hadn't been performed all the way through, let me perform it for you again!"

Song Qingshu: "..."

Who the fuck will believe you!





Chapter 120 Haven't Dropped Dead Yet, but on the Way to It


Wang Ling calmly watched this ferocious Ghost General lunge at him, before it looked like it had seen a ghost of its own and then turned to run away.

The Wang family's small villa on East Huang road was in the outskirts, which used to have a lot of lonely souls and ghosts. In the end, Wang Ling had frightened them all away. He remembered when a ghost had once rushed at him like the Ghost General had, and had been reduced to scattered ashes and dissipating smoke.

It could be said that this Ghost General had better luck.

Actually, it hadn't been scared off by Wang Ling, but by the fighting lion crouched down next to him.

After about ten minutes of drawing earlier on, he had already created several kinds of reinforcement talismans which he had wrapped around the fighting lion, like the rollers in the landlady auntie's hair 1 .

1(The landlady auntie is an iconic character in the popular Hong Kong film 'Kung Fu Hustle.') This fighting lion had leveled up to god class thanks to Wang Ling!

The twenty reinforcement talismans on the fighting lion's body glowed with light, creating a special halo effect around it. As soon as the Ghost General had flown into the villa, it had almost been blinded by this dazzling radiance.

"..."

As a result, after a full three seconds of silence, this Ghost General decided to take its leave.

Fuck!

A fighting lion that had been powered up twenty times!

Why even bother fighting?!

And then, this was the scene inside the car now...

Inside the limousine, Third Saint supported Second Saint's limp body as everyone lowered their heads in grief.

Like elder brother, Second Saint had also suffered from backlash. But the rebound of power from the Demonic Path was clearly greater than the rebound from spiritual pressure, and was a stage five injury.

He didn't struggle unnecessarily.

After coughing up one last mouthful of blood, he dropped dead.

Fresh blood sprayed all over Third Saint's face.

Looking at the monitor screen, Song Qingshu gritted his teeth bitterly. "Today's mission was a failure — it ends here!"

This was just too strange; from what he had seen on the monitor screen, the other party was just a teenager. Song Qingshu just couldn't understand what on earth had happened — just ten minutes after they had commenced their attack, the magnificent Ten Saints had already suffered the loss of their top two generals!

It was obvious that attacking blindly was ineffective, since they had no information on that youngster at all.

The best strategy that Song Qingshu could come up with now was to retreat for the sake of advancing another day.

"Fourth brother..."

Third Saint rose to his feet and passed the Night Demon's Weapon to the Taoist wearing a pink cloak next to him. "Take this Buddhist staff. From now on, you will lead the remaining five."

Everyone's eyes were fixed on Third Saint, and they could see the determination in this Taoist's heart.

The Taoist in the pink cloak accepted the staff. "I'll heed third brother's instructions!"

Third Saint stared at the security camera for Song Qingshu in the front of the car to see. "Director Song, you are not to blame for this failure. Firstly, we underestimated the enemy. Secondly, we were willful in doing things our way. When you go back, please report the truth to the Lord of the Castle. We Ten Saints are very sorry that we have failed this assignment..."

Song Qingshu was silent for a while. "Senior Third Saint, you have made up your mind?"

"Elder brother and second brother died unnatural deaths, so I will avenge them." Third Saint nodded. "If my revenge is successful, I will return with the stone ghost mask and look for all of you. If not, please look for my body and bury me with elder brother and second brother in Jiangnan 2 . That was our hometown where we brothers cultivated together."

2(This is probably a reference to a line in the poem 'When I Die' by eminent Chinese scholar Yu Guangzhong, who died in December 2017: "When I die, bury me between Yangtze River and the Yellow River." Jiangnan translates to "south of the river," and in China refers to the south of the lower reaches of the Yangtze River.) "Very well, I understand."

Song Qingshu let out a sigh.

Third Saint opened the car door and stepped out. His white Taoist cloak fluttered around him as he raised an immortal sword with cold killing intent.

Before he left, this Third Saint seemed to think of something, and he turned his head to look back. "From now on, there are only seven people left, and the Ten Saints are no more... fellow brothers, you must now come up with a name that will once again resound loud and clear."

These junior brothers immediately sunk into deep thought.

After hearing this, it was only Song Qingshu who was inspired as he said diffidently, "Senior Third Saint... how about this name, the Seven Monsters of Jiangnan?"

Third Saint: "..."

...

In life, if you hadn't dropped dead yet, you were on the way to it.

Wang Ling thought that this saying really suited the Ten Saints.

It was easy for people in high positions to miss the forest for the trees. All these years, the Ten Saints had succeeded perfectly in every mission they had taken on and had built a good name for themselves in the industry — but this time, their record had been broken.

This was because they hadn't known what kind of iron plate they had kicked 3...

3("To kick an iron plate' means believing someone is easy to bully, only to suffer from the realization that theyʼre stronger than you ..) Third Saint had chosen to stay, firstly, for revenge, and secondly, to investigate.

The day had now turned to dusk.

The seven Soul Formation cultivators had left, and only Third Saint remained outside the villa. Immortal sword in hand, he headed in the direction of Lord Thunder's villa in Wenxian Garden.

His white cloak fluttering in the wind, Third Saint lifted his sword with cold killing intent. Because he was unfamiliar to the head of security on duty, the latter approached him uneasily. The security guard stared at the "good-natured" expression on Third Saint's face and swallowed hard as he squeezed out a smile. "...May I ask, sir, do you live here or are you paying someone a visit?"

Third Saint said with a straight face, "I'm looking for an old friend."

Head of security: "..." Who would look for an old friend with a sword in hand?!

Obviously they weren't going to be swapping notes on cooking!

The head of security was a little nervous; while the security guards on duty at Wenxian Garden didn't have high realms, they were still cultivators. Third Saint's cold aura was so obvious that this head of security could already smell danger. "Sir, if you are here to visit someone, kindly let me know the villa number so that we can confirm your identity with the owner."

Third Saint eyed one villa in particular in the distance. "Have you noticed that there's something wrong with that villa?"

The head of security followed Third Saint's gaze and was immediately alarmed... fuck, wasn't that Great Death-Courting Senior's villa?!

He looked at the Taoist in the white cloak once again, and he wasn't so stupid to not realize that this man very likely had a vendetta!

Anxious, the head of security started to sweat freely. "Sir... don't act recklessly..."

Third Saint: "That villa has clearly broken building regulations. Let this old man tear it down, I believe it'd be a far more pleasing sight then."

Head of security: "Sir, who on earth are you..."

Third Saint stared at the security guard and solemnly said two words, "Lei Feng4!"

4(Reminder Lei Feng was a soldier in the People's Liberation Army who, after his death, was held up by the communist party as an example of a model citizen. He has become a cultural icon, symbolizing selflessness, modesty and dedication.) "..."

...

In spite of the head of security trying to stop him, Third Saint advanced on the villa grimly.

He had knocked down the head of security at the gate with spiritual pressure, and had left the man foaming at the mouth and convulsing on the ground.

This security guard was very lucky that he hadn't become a ghost under Third Saint's sword; right now, his heart burned with vengeance, so he was in no hurry to take the guard's life. On the other hand, if this head of security had drawn his weapon, it might have been a different and pretty tragic ending.

When Third Saint reached the entrance, he realized that the front door of the villa was already open.

And then, the youngster whom they had been monitoring with the Heaven and Earth Spirit Awakening Array slowly strolled out.

Third Saint was immediately stunned the instant he saw Wang Ling.

Because, this teenager was wearing a blue... school uniform?

This person was actually a student?!

Third Saint was dumbfounded.





Chapter 121 Are You Senior Killer Taoist?


Third Saint felt like he had seen this azure uniform somewhere before. For a while, his eyes were fixed on Wang Ling's face, which had yet to finish maturing. And then, it was like a string being unraveled in his brain as he suddenly recalled that this uniform had been in the news very recently! This was the uniform of Number 60 High School in Peiyuan district!

This used to be an unknown, ordinary high school; if it wasn't because first-class Shadow Stream Red Ribbon assassins had been wiped out in this school, Third Saint didn't think he would have paid it any attention at all.

He remembered reading about it previously in online news. After carefully recalling the details, he was a little astounded to realize that this school had grown quite famous recently. The complete elimination of Shadow Stream Red Ribbon killers, and the arrest of an executive Gold Ribbon female killer, all seemed to be somehow related to this school...

And now, this teenager standing in front of him was wearing that school's uniform... Third Saint suddenly felt a little fearful.

But in the end, there wasn't any direct evidence to link Great Saint and Second Saint's deaths by backlash to this youngster, right?

Maybe there was some big shot cultivator still hiding inside the villa whom even the Heaven and Earth Spirit Awakening Array hadn't been able to detect.

Was he afraid?

That wasn't possible.

After all these years, he was a seasoned veteran; there were no winds and waves that he hadn't weathered!

Third Saint remembered when, for the sake of comprehending the meaning of Dao in Soul Formation, he had learned from Old Demon Wang's example and opened a woodcarving shop to carve feijibei 1 ... this kid probably hadn't even been born then!

1(Feijibei literally translates to "airplane cups," and in colloquial Chinese is the term used for male sex toys ..) He was just a teenager.

A teenager wearing an ordinary high school uniform.

There was nothing to fear.

Third Saint kept comforting himself in his heart.

Standing at the door, Wang Ling was lost for words as he listened to this old Taoist's turbulent thoughts. As he was wondering why the man hadn't made a move, he saw a spirit light flash in the other party's hand. A wine gourd appeared, and the old Taoist started gulping down mouthfuls of wine.

Wang Ling was stunned; was this the legendary "liquid courage"?

Was the man that frightened to face him?

It was hard for Third Saint to describe it accurately with words. The other party wasn't using spiritual pressure or any other technique — he couldn't even detect any evidence of the teenager using his spiritual senses to feel things out. It was just that now that they were face to face, the ferocious killing intent which this Soul Formation cultivator had come here with had already disappeared. Instead, an extreme sense of crisis had taken its place, and Third Saint had been forced to embolden himself with alcohol.

Wang Ling took a glimpse at the wine gourd in the old Taoist's hand. This xx82 vintage wine which promoted courage was currently very popular in the cultivation industry. Senior cultivators had drunk this in their confrontation with the demons that had poured out from the Gate Between Worlds — it also tasted great. The gate hadn't appeared for very long, but drinking this emboldening wine before battle had become a tradition.

Typically, Third Saint would drink this wine in a fight against a formidable enemy... but this old Taoist in white had never expected that such an ordinary-looking, poker-faced teenager with dead eyes could provoke such terror in him.

With all the wine from the gourd now in his belly, the old Taoist's face was flushed with alcohol. "Here I come!"

As he stabbed the sword directly at Wang Ling's front, the air whistled with silver-colored sword qi. The force was so overwhelming that anyone with a realm under Soul Formation would be killed by the sword qi alone before the tip of the sword could even touch them.

If this teenager really was a Foundation Establishment high school student, there was nowhere for him to run from the old Taoist's sword, and he would instantly be smashed to pieces.

The Ten Saints cultivated the Demonic Path, but each of them had their own particular magic weapon. Some cultivated with a hammer, some with an axe, and some with a bar of soap... what Third Saint, this old Taoist in white, cultivated with was a sword!

Wang Ling could instantly tell that this was the "Art of the Three Swords" created by one of the nation's ten great founding generals, Blademaster General Yi! There were three parts to this sword art: the bronze art for defense, the gold art for offense, and the silver art which could both attack and defend.

It was very obvious that what Third Saint cultivated wasn't the gold sword nor the bronze sword... but the silver sword!

Wang Ling didn't move from where he was standing, and just blinked his eyes hard.

The old Taoist in white was startled by this teenager's move — was this boy making eyes at him? Don't tell him this guy was fucking bent?!

But very quickly... he suddenly realized he was wrong.

Because before his silver sword qi could reach the teenager, it was actually stopped in mid-air. No matter if it was the sword qi or the sword itself, they were blocked by immense power and unable to advance.

At that moment, Third Saint suddenly recalled the teenager's blinking.

So it hadn't been a useless move!

This teenager had used the strong wind generated from the fanning of his eyelashes to dispel his sword art!

He had just blinked his eyes and his eyelashes had created a gale strong enough to withstand Third Saint's "Art of the Three Swords"...

What the hell! There was a technique like this?!

Third Saint's three views were dealt a blow so heavy they collapsed. Two thousand years of cultivation, and it had all been for fucking nothing!

Worse still, Third Saint was stunned to find that he couldn't use his sword art to defend against the wind that had been stirred up by this teenager's eyelashes. That invisible wave was gradually pushing the silver sword qi back to rebound on him. The moment he was prepared to withdraw his sword, it was already too late! This silver sword qi, forced to change direction by the powerful, invisible wave created by the teenager's eyelashes, turned back on him!

This backlash of power was unexpectedly even fiercer than the sword qi he had released!

Third Saint didn't have time to react at all. His face turned pale and the terror in his heart was at its peak... who the hell was this teenager?!

Fortunately, he was able to react valiantly as he used his strength to break his right hand, which had been holding the sword. At the cost of an arm, this unstoppable power changed direction and shot upward to scatter the bank of clouds above them until there wasn't a wisp of a cloud left in the sky!

Still standing in the same spot, Wang Ling straightened his creased school uniform, which had been ruffled by the sword qi. The old Taoist in white thought he was going to attack again, and fearfully retreated tens of meters away...

A few seconds later, he coughed up a mouthful of blood, staining his clothes.

Although he had managed to change the direction of the attack, the aftershock had still caused him an internal backlash injury! Fortunately, thanks to his prompt reaction, it was only second-degree backlash this time, which wasn't too serious.

At that moment, fear still lingered in the old Taoist's heart — a wave created by fanning eyelashes had actually produced such astounding results! If he hadn't reacted with such godly speed, he would have already gone to meet elder brother and second brother!

"To wipe out enemies with a blink of an eye..." The old Taoist's face grew pale with fright.

This teenager had a far higher realm than the Ten Saints.

Even if they had another hundred Soul Formation cultivators, they still weren't necessarily this person's match!

Recalling the violent wave produced by the teenager's blinking, the old Taoist in white felt that there was something familiar about this technique.

Legend said that the person ranked number one on the international list of killers, Killer Taoist, nicknamed Teacher Killer, had mastered this supreme skill of eliminating enemies with one blink!

Could it be... was this that Senior Killer Taoist? But why was this senior wearing a school uniform? Was his hobby cosplaying?

Oh god! This great senior was his idol!

Clutching at his broken arm and covered in blood, this old Taoist in white stared at Wang Ling and asked somewhat bashfully, "Are you... Senior Killer Taoist? Can I get your autograph?"

Wang Ling: "..." Didn't you fucking come here for revenge?!





Chapter 122 I Don't Want Such A Plot Twist!


In front of the old Taoist in white, Wang Ling took five seconds to calm his thoughts and then struggled to determine something.

This Third Saint had mistaken him for someone else...

This Teacher Killer with the Taoist name Killer Taoist was an eccentric person who was number one on the international ranking list of killers.

This wasn't the first time that Wang Ling had heard of him; the most recent was when that Shadow Stream 36D maiden had attempted to strike at Number 59 High School.

Looking at the old Taoist in white in front of him who seemed to have forgotten all of his enmity, Wang Ling was a little speechless.

Who the hell could have known that his blinking would be mistaken for Killer Taoist's unique skill?

Furthermore, after the old Taoist had assumed that he was Killer Taoist, what the heck was with his shy expression, as if he was some innocent little sister?! Fuck! Don't tell him this guy was actually gay?! He didn't want this plot twist!

Seeing that Wang Ling hadn't said anything, Third Saint took it in his heart as silent agreement. He was as excited as an elementary school student about to go on a spring excursion, and his smile was like a brilliant chrysanthemum. "Senior Killer Taoist! It really is you!"

Wang Ling: "..."

"I've long heard about your godly art of killing people with a wink; this time, I'm much obliged to you for being able to witness it for myself!" The old Taoist in white sighed, ashamed of his inferior skills.

"..."

Wang Ling looked at the old Taoist's bleeding arm, which had been injured by the aftershock. With this recent excitement, the wound was now like a fountain gushing blood. This amount of blood... the old Taoist was lucky he was at the Soul Formation stage, since anyone else would have already died!

"Senior, are you worried about my injury? It's fine, this is nothing, this is the result of my inferior skills..."

As he stared at the old Taoist in white, Wang Ling desperately wanted to say, "You're freaking overthinking it"...

The old Taoist took out some medicinal powder which he had on him and sprinkled it on the wound. The bleeding quickly stopped, but the pain from his broken arm and the excitement of believing that Wang Ling was Killer Taoist had caused his face to go red and then white, like the face of a Hua Dan 1 , which looked very strange.

1(A Hua Dan (花旦, "flowery role") is the role of a lively, vivacious woman in Chinese opera.) "We were following orders this time, but if we had known that Senior Killer Taoist was here, we definitely wouldn't have made a move! Cruelty has always been the foundation of our belief as the Ten Saints, and only the ones more brutal than us are worthy for us to learn from! Back when Senior Killer Taoist reigned at the top of the cultivation world, we were still just hungry young saplings!" As the old Taoist spoke, the corners of his eyes glinted; he was so choked with emotion that he actually couldn't help tearing up.

Wang Ling: "..."

The tears were genuine, and so was the emotion. Wang Ling knew that the old Taoist had spoken from his heart. If it had been even the least bit fake, Wang Ling's Mind-Reading Ability would have instantly picked up on it.

In the face of an enemy who had no killing intent whatsoever and had also lost the ability to fight, who was just running off at the mouth emotionally, Wang Ling knew that he couldn't really make a move...

The most bizarre thing to him was that until now, he hadn't given any sort of definite reaction to this plot development! This was all wishful thinking on the old Taoist's part!

It was very obvious that the old Taoist in white had already completely fallen into his boundless imagination and was utterly unable to escape from it. "...Elder brother and second brother's deaths were unjust! If they had known that Senior Killer Taoist was here, I don't think they would have made a move!"

Hearing the words of the old Taoist in white, Wang Ling frowned. Frankly speaking, this was quite the headache for him now.

Maybe he should have just killed this whole bunch of people at the very beginning and pass the blame on to Lord Thunder that guy, so that there wouldn't be so many of these ridiculous misunderstandings...

But Wang Ling really rarely killed people unless they were truly a threat. This was also the teaching which Father and Mother Wang had imparted to him since his childhood.

The immense power he had been born with was for self-preservation, not for recklessly trampling on lives... otherwise, what was the difference between him and those protagonists in novels who indiscriminately killed people as if they were flies for a bit of fun?!

If he killed Third Saint, there would still be Fourth Saint and Fifth Saint — one after another, they would come to find trouble with him. Wang Ling frowned; there definitely had to be a better way of resolving this than just simply brutal killing.

At that moment, Third Saint spoke up again. "Senior, are you still worried about the stone ghost mask?"

Wang Ling raised his head and looked seriously at the old Taoist in white. He wanted to hear what he thought.

The old Taoist in white smiled. "Senior, don't worry, we won't fight for the stone ghost mask anymore. When I return this time, I will explain it clearly to them; even if it means disobeying the Lord of the Castle's orders, we will no longer participate in this operation to obtain the stone ghost mask."

It was a very sincere remark, and Wang Ling couldn't detect any flaws in it, so he nodded in satisfaction.

Seeing him nod, Third Saint knew that he wasn't angry, and he heaved a sigh of relief. "After the end of this matter, I will choose to retire and will no longer participate in any sort of conflict. Consider this my self-punishment for offending you, senior."

With that, he gripped his broken arm and bowed to Wang Ling. "This time, we have really caused you offense! Please forgive us, senior!"

Wang Ling: "..." Two of the other party's top generals had died as a result of the backlash he had caused, yet he was being apologized to instead; at this point, he already didn't know what to say.

His current mood was quite complicated...

Third Saint: "Then I won't bother you anymore, senior... but before I take my leave, can you grant me a small request?"

Wang Ling looked doubtful. "?"

A spirit light flashed in the old Taoist's left hand and a marker pen instantly appeared. He then handed it to Wang Ling, immediately turned around and pointed to his back. "Senior, please be sure to sign your name here!"

"..."

Wang Ling thought for a moment, and in the end still took off the pen cap and wrote: Devotion to the nation 2 .

2(The mother of the famous patriotic general Yue Fei in the Song dynasty once wrote these four characters on his back ..) Signed by Killer Taoist, as a gift...

The curtain dropped on this chaotic scene, Wang Ling called his clone back, and Lord Thunder returned home after attending the parent-teacher conference in place of Father and Mother Wang.

The head of security at the gate had already regained consciousness and the saliva froth at the corners of his mouth had already dried up; when he saw that Lord Thunder had returned, he immediately grabbed his sleeve and said a little deliriously, "Senior Immortal! Senior Immortal, be careful! Lei Feng said he was going to tear your house down!"

Lord Thunder: "..."

When he got home and found the fighting lion wrapped head to toe in "special effects," he couldn't help feeling shocked.

What had happened in the last two hours?!

Lord Thunder checked the cinnabar inventory in his villa, and instantly wanted to cry, but had no tears left to shed — Wang Ling had actually used all of it up! There wasn't even residue left! Lord Thunder had blended cinnabar and black dust powder together, and based on the current market value of the latter... Wang Ling's talismans had cost him more than a million yuan in one go!

This was something the other person had absolutely taken wicked delight in doing...

He decided that the next time Wang Ling visited, he would squirrel all the cinnabar away beforehand to prevent this reckless spender from using it all up!





Chapter 123 Like Father, Like Son


It was over. The matter with the Ten Saints had come to an end.

The Ten Saints should have been the strongest lineup that Mo Immortal Castle could currently mobilize. But now they had lost two top generals one after another, and were at the risk of being abandoned any time by Third Saint, who had decided to retire from the battlefield.

It was very clear that for the time being, it was pretty much impossible to organize another large-scale operation to grab the stone ghost mask.

Lord Thunder could hence take advantage of this time to happily continue searching for the whereabouts of the mask's maker.

When Wang Ling recalled his clone, his real body was already on the way home. He felt the dispersed spirit energy return, and the gloom which he had been feeling the whole day suddenly lifted.

He felt that this was a major drawback of the Great Separation Spell; for him, his clone wasn't made just purely of energy — it contained too many things, including realm, prowess and mood... in most cases, he tended to avoid using the Great Separation Spell since it gave him even more of a poker face.

When Wang Ling returned home, he found that there was one more person in the house today. Even without using his spiritual senses, he knew that Lie Mengmeng was here since the big white bunny slippers at the door were missing; these were slippers which Father Wang had prepared exclusively for him.

Today, Lie Mengmeng had come to check on Grandfather Wang again.

After meeting Teacher Pan during the home visit, the old man had obviously been in better spirits; the knots in his heart had unraveled and he was now at ease. However, Father Wang was still a little worried, so he had asked Lie Mengmeng to come help take a look. And so, in the name of performing a follow-up, some person had come running for a free meal...

The old man on the sofa held Lie Mengmeng's hands as he said gratefully, "Little Song, I will have to trouble you again!"

These simple words were already a huge relief to Lie Mengmeng and Father Wang! That was because the old man hadn't called them by the wrong names this time! It was enough to make Lie Mengmeng believe that even if the old man's dementia wasn't completely cured, it had at least been alleviated significantly...

"You're welcome, Grandfather Wang! I'm now going to ask you some questions." As he spoke, Lie Mengmeng took a sheaf of papers out of his backpack. These were a collection of dementia assessment questions which he had put together, including yes-or-no questions, multiple choice questions and brain teasers.

The old man nodded cooperatively. "Okay, Little Song. Ask me!"

Lie Mengmeng: "First question: when you eat scrambled eggs with tomatoes, do you often struggle to decide whether you should eat the tomatoes or the eggs first?"

The old man straightaway shook his head.

Lie Mengmeng took his answer down, then asked, "Which would you choose, chocolate-flavored shit or shit-flavored chocolate?"

The old man thought about it, then suddenly asked, "Either way, the chocolate has sugar, right?"

Lie Mengmeng nodded. "That's right."

The old man: "I'm hyperglycemic, so I can't eat either of them."

Lie Mengmeng: "..."

"By the way, how can you ask elderly people this type of question? A lot of them now have diabetes. Asking them this type of question would be too unkind!"

"...Then let me change questions."

Lie Mengmeng: "Grandfather Wang, under what circumstance does one plus one equal two?"

The old man stared at Lie Mengmeng as if he was retarded. "Of course it equals two when the calculation is right! I say, Little Song, can you not use a question from a spring festival gala thirty years ago to test me? I may be old, but I'm not stupid, alright? These questions of yours are so out-of-date!"

Lie Mengmeng: "..."

The old man glared at Lie Mengmeng as he criticized him. "I find that young people nowadays don't have foresight when it comes to dealing with problems. Like you, Little Song, and the dilemma of your past choices — not thinking carefully about how to move forward is wrong. Can't you use fresh and more catchy questions? If a youngster can't keep abreast of the times, how is he going to find a girlfriend and make her happy? By the way, Little Song... it doesn't seem like you have a girlfriend yet?"

No...

No girlfriend...

"..." Lie Mengmeng instantly had the urge to cover his face and cry.

After these questions and answers, next to them, Father Wang could now be sure of two things.

First, the old man's dementia was completely cured. That sweet-talking, fast-talking rogue from back then had returned...

Second, after this face-to-face exchange with Grandfather Wang, Lie Mengmeng this boy with a pure heart who had yet to taste the sweet honey of first love had been struck an unprecedentedly deep and painful blow by the old man.

...

After dinner, Wang Ling was just in time to watch the broadcast of In the Name of Cultivation . He hadn't used the little TV in his bedroom for a long time, and if it wasn't for the Small Raccoon lucky draw during the series premiere, he might have gone forever without lifting the dark seal on the TV. This was because it was more convenient to just use his wristwatch to participate directly in a program and scan his lottery numbers for the draw.

Nowadays, anything could be acquired through the wristwatch. Old-fashioned gadgets like the TV were dying out, and only Grandfather Wang used it to watch his TV series Country Love.

...

It was early in the morning on Tuesday, May 25th.

Wang Ling's mood was a bit downcast this morning, because as a diehard Small Raccoon fan, he hadn't even won an encouragement prize in last night's lucky draw! How annoying!

He felt that things like the lucky draw had the same probability of upgrading your equipment in games produced by Penguin Company 1 . Even if there was a ninety percent chance of a successful upgrade, you could still fail regardless...

1(Tencent Company is often referred to as the Penguin Company since its mascot is a cartoon penguin.) When Wang Ling entered the class, Grade One, Class Three was gossiping in the morning as usual. The subject of the second mock exams which had already been discussed several days in a row had been temporarily brushed aside, and the hot topic now was yesterday's parent-teacher conference.

The class's gossip master Guo Hao shared the following information: "I heard that there was a vote held in the parent-teacher conference yesterday."

Someone asked, "What type of vote?"

Guo Hao replied, "Our school wants to organize an inter-class song competition. Yesterday, Teacher Pan had the parents give song recommendations, and then they voted on it. Then we have to choose one of the top three songs for our class to sing in the competition."

When he said this, Guo Hao threw out a piece of paper; on it were notes which Father Guo had jolted down at the parent-teacher conference yesterday. A large part of them had to do with the class song selection for the school event.

Everyone gathered to look at the notes, which clearly listed the songs in contention.

The song with the most votes was "The Brightest Star in the Night Sky" which was recommended by Classmate Li's father, Li Gouhai.

The runner-up was "Run" as recommended by Chen Chao's old man.

The third was "Little Apple," chosen by Su Xiao's father Big Nut.

When everyone saw this, they nodded their heads and felt that the song titles really reflected the parents' characters.

Of course, apart from these three songs, there were several other recommended songs that hadn't made the cut.

For example, "The Will of the East Wind" 2 recommended by Lin Xiaoyu's mother... with one glance, anyone could tell that Mother Lin was definitely a veteran figure in the fujoshi circle.

2(This is an original song composed for the popular Chinese BL novel 'Grandmaster of Demonic Cultivation.') As another example, Guo Hao's father, Father Guo, had chosen a song called "Itch" 3 ... this song was like the unofficial anthem for this playful pair — as expected, like father, like son.

3("Itch" is a song with erotic undertones by Chinese singer Huang Ling.) Coming to the end of the notes, everyone noticed that there was one song recommendation without a single vote. "Eh? No one voted for this song?! Even the song 'Itch' got a vote..."

Someone asked, "Who recommended it?"

"Someone called Wang Lei."

"..." As soon as Wang Ling heard this, he knew without a doubt that this was the alias Lord Thunder had used for the occasion.

Chen Chao had a brainwave. "Wang Lei? Is this Classmate Wang Ling's father?" After all, there was only one student with the surname Wang in their class.

"What song did he recommend?"

"'Pomp and Circumstance' 4 ..."

4(This Japanese song is basically about girls describing their sexual encounters ..) After hearing this, the whole class instantly sunk into a dead silence. Everyone looked at Wang Ling and couldn't help sighing in their hearts; who could have imagined that under Classmate Wang Ling's cold and deadpan appearance, there was actually such a sultry heart...

Right now, Wang Ling really had to struggle to calm himself down. "..."





Chapter 124 Experienced Officer Wang


It was May 26th on Wednesday in the fifth week of semester.

After Lie Mengmeng's follow-up last night, Father Wang could confirm that the old man's dementia had been completely cured. At the moment, the old man was worried about his vegetable plot in the neighboring city suburb; before he had left to come here, he had entrusted it to Zhang San next door to make sure the vegetables didn't die. Once they were ripe, Zhang San could harvest and sell them, and keep the earnings for himself.

But two hours before the old man had been about to leave on his tricycle, something big happened in the Wang family! — Mother Wang had been groped on the subway on her way home after doing her grocery shopping!

She hadn't just been molested, the pervert had also pushed her so that her forehead had knocked into a subway pole and she had cracked her skull.

The worse thing was that when the pervert had hurried to get off the train, he had even kicked Mother Wang, pointed at her in the crowd of people around them and shouted loudly, "There are so many people watching, and a hussy like you is deliberately wearing so little! You think you can blame me? Dream on!"

There was a saying that a villain blames his victim. This pervert had a tattoo on his arm and seemed to belong to some triad. He also had a rough and threatening look. At that moment, there was no one who dared to stand up and speak for Mother Wang.

Mother Wang was a woman who would never stir up trouble herself. This was the first time that she had been pointed at and criticized for wearing revealing clothes in front of so many people; she felt so wronged that she almost shed tears.

When she got home and Father Wang saw that she was bleeding, he was so angry that his black-rimmed glasses fell off! The old man straightaway called the police — if there was a problem, you should always call the police!

Within a radius of fifty li around East Huang Road, there was only one cultivation police station, which was idle most of the time. Since fewer people lived in the outskirts, they didn't even have cases of petty theft, which had given rise to a very bad habit of "laziness" in the police department.

It was already two hours after Mother Wang had returned home and the old man had made a report so that the police could come to the house to take a statement...

Just when Father Wang started to become a little impatient, the doorbell rang.

A police officer in uniform was at the door with a small notebook in his hand.

The police officer looked at Father Wang. "Was it your family that called the police?"

Father Wang: "Yes, but it was my father who made the call."

The police officer looked at the old man next to Father Wang. "...So this is...?"

The old man nodded. "That's right, I'm the one who called the police. I'm youruncle 1 ."

1(As a reminder, the Chinese sometimes use senior familial titles to refer to themselves as a way of asserting superiority.) Police officer: "..."

As the three sat down, Mother Wang gave the police officer a glass of water. He looked at the injury on Mother Wang's head. "Is this the victim?"

The old man got very emotional. "Yes! This is my daughter! She was felt up and even hit on the subway! When you find out who he is... I'll definitely use zhan yi shi ba die 2 to 'feel' him to death!"

2(This literally translates to "touch clothes and fall eighteen times" and is in fact a traditional form of martial arts with a long history.) Father Wang: "..."

Police officer: "..."

"Don't get excited, Grandfather Wang." The policeman took out his police identification. "Look, my surname is also Wang, so we're from the same clan. Please believe that I will properly handle the problem for you."

Father Wang and the old man looked at the police code on his identification paper: SB12138...

Officer Wang was a little embarrassed and explained, "East Huang Road is in the north of Songhai city. For short, it is... SB 3 ."

3(North of Songhai city is songhai bei in Chinese pinyin, hence the acronym SB. SB is also used as the acronym of sha bi, which means 'sucker' or 'silly .. ') The old man and Father Wang nodded accommodatingly. "Well then, Officer Wang, ask whatever you want."

Officer Wang straightened his collar. "I have a lot of experience in handling cases. We receive sixty police alerts a year in our area, and I handle half of them! Sirs can rest assured!"

With that, Officer Wang looked at Mother Wang. "I suggest that you get an injury assessment done first, or you can take a picture of the injury, as it will all be evidence later! But now, let's take a statement first... Madam Victim, do you remember the specific time?"

Mother Wang answered truthfully, "It was between four and five o'clock in the afternoon when I was on my way back from grocery shopping. It happened on the subway."

Officer Wang nodded, jotted down some notes in his little notebook and then looked up. "This is the afternoon rush hour, isn't it normal for buttocks to be pressed together? Perhaps the other party didn't mean to do it?"

The old man pulled out a black iron kitchen knife from under the sofa...

Officer Wang: "I see... let's assume that wasn't the case. Then, perhaps madam was wearing something a little too cool?"

The old man then took a whetstone out from under the coffee table...

Officer Wang: "Well... it's almost summer in Songhai city, it's humid and stifling during the rainy season; it's very normal to wear short-sleeved shirts."

Officer Wang broke out in a bit of a cold sweat. "Then, excuse me, Madam Victim, besides the bruise on your head, are you hurt anywhere else?"

Mother Wang: "That man kicked me in the arm before the subway doors opened."

The old man added, "And this son of a bitch has a nasty mouth; my daughter was mentally traumatized."

Officer Wang nodded and stared at the little notebook in his hand. "Let's sort out the details of the incident. The victim, Mrs Wang, was on the subway between four and five o'clock on her way home after grocery shopping when she was molested by a tattooed, burly man who later shoved her and cause her to bump her head. As he was getting off, he kicked Mrs Wang's left arm and verbally attacked and humiliated her. The attack was confined to the subway, and the whole crime took less than five minutes, until the other party got off. The situation is very clear..."

Grandfather Wang: "What do you think, Officer Wang?"

The experienced Officer Wang cupped his chin and nodded gravely. "From my years of experience in handling cases, this looks like a nasty case of underground subway groping."

Father Wang, Mother Wang and the old man: "..."

Officer Wang: "If you are determined to find this wandering hand, you will have to go through the standard legal procedure."

Father Wang: "What do we need to do, specifically?"

Officer Wang: "According to standard procedure, Mrs Wang was attacked at the East Huang North Road stop. So first of all, we local police station will file a case and open an investigation. We will then work with the Department of Urban Construction to obtain subway surveillance footage. Out of the millions of people that take the subway every day, we'll check possible suspects one by one. This is then followed by legal proceedings: the filing of a lawsuit, prosecution of the accused, the first hearing, a second hearing, the court trial... but from my many years of experience in handling cases, this is actually quite difficult to deal with; identifying the suspect is not easy as the subway is really too busy, unless someone directly recorded a video of the crime when it happened. And even if we do find a suspect, the entire process will take at least three years."

Grandfather Wang was very stubborn. "No matter how long the process takes, we must prosecute this person!"

But at this moment, the experienced Officer Wang shrugged his shoulders. "Regretfully, sirs, if you are determined to file a lawsuit, then I'm unable to take care of it... I don't have the authority to open an investigation."

Father Wang: "Didn't you say you're very experienced?"

The experienced Officer Wang nodded his head solemnly. "Yes, experience as a part-timer is indeed enriching."

Father Wang: "..."

Next to him, the old man was already sharpening his knife...





Chapter 125 I, Internet Celebrity Father Wang, Am a Fierce Man of Few Words


There was a saying that God helped those who helped themselves, which Father Wang thought fit the current situation very well.

In the end, Er Ha dragged this experienced Officer Wang away by one of his boots...

It so happened that Wang Ling had just got home from school; as soon as he opened the door, he saw Er Ha's back legs as it gripped Officer Wang's boot between its teeth and rudely dragged him out of the house; the experienced Officer Wang was utterly discomfited as he yelled, "We part-timers also have human rights!"

Right after he said this, Er Ha gave the man a godly dog tail whip 1 and then directly punched him in his round belly with a dog fist. Then, Wang Ling saw this man's body, which had to be over two hundred jin in weight, fly more than twenty meters through the air until he landed with his butt sticking up in a weird, gay-looking pose.

1(A godly dog tail whip is just a funny way of referring to how dogs sometimes shove their butts in the faces of other dogs.) Wang Ling: "..."

...

When Wang Ling entered the Wang family's small villa, the atmosphere was unusually heavy. After seeing the injury on Mother Wang's forehead, his face quickly darkened.

The old man slapped his leg. "As soon as that boy came in, I knew he wasn't reliable! But I didn't realize it would be to that extent! Messing with us by sending a part-timer — do they think we citizens are monkeys to be played around with?!"

Mother Wang comforted him. "Dad, how about we just forget it? I'm not badly hurt anyway. At the most, I was slandered a little."

In the space of a few seconds, Wang Ling had used his Mind-Reading Ability to grasp the whole story.

...Very good!

Molesting the mother of the Immortal King... and even fucking daring to hit her!

Fucker, you're in big trouble now!

Wang Ling took a deep breath as he tried his best to calm his thoughts. Then, he drew a portrait from Mother Wang's memory using his Memory Sketch Skill — it was a young man with a height of roughly one hundred and seventy-eight centimetres. He had a mohawk and a tattoo on his right arm, and was heavily accessorized.

Mother Wang stared at the paper and immediately identified him. "Right, Ling Ling's drawing is accurate, that's him!"

The old man looked at the image and nodded, before he then turned to Wang Ling. "Can you find this man?"

Father Wang: "Given the reach of Ling Ling's spiritual sense, it certainly wouldn't be difficult for him to find this person in Songhai city. But I remember Ling Ling said before that spiritual sense this thing is like a generator — the wider the coverage, the more power it gives off. By then, it would probably shut down the power grid in the whole of Songhai city, right?"

Wang Ling bowed his head in tacit admission of the truth in Father Wang's words.

"Forget it, just leave it to me to find this person..."

With that, Father Wang took out a lighter and lit up a cigarette with a pa. He put the cigarette in his mouth and took a long puff before exhaling smoke like a dragon; the light reflecting off the lens of his glasses hid the dark look in his eyes. "As for how to deal with this mohawk when we find him, Ling Ling, do as you see fit... however, we still have to adhere to our Wang family precepts. Don't just simply attack and kill him... the best is if you can get this fellow sent to the hospital! And if his lower half never gets up again! ( Fuck! Dare hurt my woman, you bastard, you're looking to die! )

The old man and Wang Ling both shivered.

Father Wang had turned completely evil...

...

Actually, a lot of unfair things happened in society. For the last several eras, the common people hadn't had the power to speak out, while conflict between cultivators was basically solved through battle. Back then, realm was king and prowess was honored — strength represented everything.

But it was now the Spirit Energy Information era, where lawful checks and balances applied to both ordinary people and cultivators.

Nevertheless, it had to be said that in cases such as groping, the law was clearly not a strong enough deterrent.

Perhaps most women who encountered this type of situation would choose to hatefully endure it, since they felt it was better to avoid unnecessary trouble.

Of course, there were also women like Mother Wang who were brave enough to come forward and identify the perverts.

But sometimes doing this didn't necessarily work; one of the main factors was the indifference of onlookers. They would rather stand to one side and take pictures than be willing to stand up and speak out. Most hateful of all was when online keyboard warriors 2 would directly blame the female victims, whether it was their fault or not, and berate them for wearing too little!

2('Keyboard warrior' is a Chinese colloquial term to describe online users who have no qualms about judging or attacking other people online, but are not brave enough to do it in real life.) In the end, even if police reports were lodged, these would usually amount to nothing.

As the experienced Officer Wang had said, in public places such as the subway and other mass transit which had massive numbers of passengers, if the gropers weren't caught on the spot, it would be utterly nonsensical to expect the cultivation police to waste time staring at a monitor screen day and night as they checked for perverts.

And even if these groping perverts were finally caught, they would just be detained for fifteen days. Furthermore, if the groper had connections, they might just have a cup of tea in the police station before being released...

As a result, most of the common people would feel depressed and helpless when they had to deal with incidents like these.

But unfortunately for this groper with the mohawk, he had touched a member of Wang Ling's family...

This time, Father Wang insisted he would be the one to find this person, and wouldn't allow Wang Ling to help him out, for two main reasons.

For one thing, Father Wang was still thinking about the city he lived in. To run the risk of economic losses from the shutdown of the entire city's power grid in Wang Ling's search for a scumbag wasn't worth it. Furthermore, as a man whose wife had been the one to be bullied, Father Wang felt that it would be too cowardly to rely on his son to fight back!

It was just looking for one person... that wasn't hard to do at all!

If realm and prowess were Wang Ling's weapons...

Then, as an ordinary person who didn't possess spirit energy, Father Wang also had his own special measures!

...

Without bothering to eat dinner, Father Wang started to get busy in his study as he signed into his Weibo account. He rarely logged on, and his last post had been half a year ago. He didn't like to log onto Weibo because there were always four types of people on his page.

Type 1: trolls.

Type 2: trolls who liked to blindly follow the crowd.

Type 3: the 'demand more' party 3 .

3(The 'demand more' party" is a literal translation of 催更党 cui geng tang, which refers to readers who pester authors to update with new chapters for ongoing online novels ..) And Type 4: members of the 'demand more' party who liked to blindly follow the crowd.

Of course, overall there were still more of the third and fourth types.

Father Wang involuntarily looked at the verification badge on his Weibo page and his profile information: "Best-selling novelist guru Wang Situ from the Cultivation Reading Network." Their operations department had helped him get his page verified in order to promote his novels.

Because he hadn't been on Weibo for a long time, the entire webpage froze for two minutes as soon as he logged on, due to the crazy number of private messages he had received.

He looked at his fan numbers — heh , good! He hadn't been online for half a year, but his fans had actually increased by more than a million!

Father Wang remembered that his Weibo fans had already hit three million half a year ago on his webpage — now there were unexpectedly a million more.

Father Wang didn't know how effective these four million fans could be.

But given the current situation, he had to rely on the power of his Weibo fans now to direct public opinion in the search for this hateful mohawk.

As an Internet celebrity among the common people, the power of public opinion was the strongest weapon that Father Wang could muster!

Well then, let me first test how lively it can get...

Father Wang lit a cigarette, then quickly typed a string of words and posted on Weibo for the first time in six months. "Good evening, everyone."

As soon as he posted the message, the webpage instantly froze again...

By the time it was working normally, the number of thumbs-ups on this Weibo post had already hit one thousand in less than a minute!

It was then followed by a flurry of comments.

"Oh my god! Guru Wang Situ actually posted on Weibo!"

"What post is this?! Go type words! There was only one new chapter today! But if you dress like a girl and show us, I'll forgive you for it!"

"It was really worth it waiting every day on Weibo for the 'demand more' party to catch the author; hehe , today we finally caught a live one!"

...

In the bedroom next door, Wang Ling couldn't help lamenting: waiting every day for half a fucking year to catch the author... the 'demand more' party was really too scary!





Chapter 126 Wang Situ in a Fury over a Beauty


Wang Ling had always felt that Father Wang's fan readers were very scary in that they were a special kind of collective. In the same way that Wang Ling's realm kept increasing on its own accord, so did the number of fans that followed Father Wang... for a Weibo account that had been inactive for six months, it was strange enough that the number of followers hadn't decreased but had risen instead, but there were also still so many 'gatekeepers' on the front line giving Father Wang thumbs-ups and commenting, to the extent that his old computer almost crashed!

But this wasn't the main point...

The point was that Father Wang felt the time had come for him to mobilize the strength of his fans!

After adjusting his writing style and diction, Father Wang's fingers flew over the keyboard swift as lightning; after a short ten minutes, he had quickly written and posted a long Weibo piece titled "Wang Situ in a Fury over a Beauty 1 ." At the bottom, he attached a photo which he had taken with his wristwatch of a profile image Wang Ling had drawn using the Profile Technique.

1(This is adapted from a line in the poem 'The Song of Yuan-yuan,' which is based on the historical tale of the concubine Chen Yuanyuan, who was captured by rebel leader Li Zicheng when he overthrew the Ming dynasty. Chen's lover Wu Sangui was a Ming military commander who supposedly was so enraged by this that he joined forces with the Qing to defeat the rebels.) The moment Father Wang clicked 'publish,' he felt like Li Yunlong 2 , leading a million fans into Pingan county to rescue his wife; it somehow felt very stirring and exciting!

2(Li Yunlong is the protagonist of the novel 'Drawing Sword' by famous Chinese writer Duliang. The story revolves around the battle of Pingan county which took place during the Second Sino-Japanese War, when Li Yunlong gathered the troops to attack the enemy after they had his captured his new wife.) Because the post was too long, the number of comments and thumbs-ups this time didn't come in as quickly and fervently as they had for his Weibo greeting earlier.

However, five minutes later, Father Wang's computer crashed again!

It had to be said that Father Wang was in the end Father Wang, a novelist guru who was ranked number one on the Cultivation Reading Network's bestsellers list. This long Weibo post had been written in a very natural and smooth style; not only had meticulous thought gone into it, it also contained a clear argument. Moreover, it revealed a husband's helplessness and a ruthless denouncement of an indifferent society.

And the gist of this long Weibo post could be summed up in one sentence: Brothers, my wife was taken advantage of! What to do?!

Countless comments came flooding in!

"Fuck! This mohawk already looks nasty enough, who would have thought his heart is also so obscene! Is there any expert who can dox him?!"

"Dox, dox, must dox!"

"I'm sorry, Guru Wang Situ! I shouldn't blame you for your ungelivable 3 updates... I didn't think you would be facing such a huge issue! Forwarding the post for Guru Wang Situ!"

3('Ungelivable' is a word in English coined by Chinese internet users to transliterate the pinyin and meaning of the original buzzword 不给力 'bu gei li' which literally translates to "to not give power," but is used to mean "not cool.") To be honest, Father Wang was both fired up and touched when he saw how united users were in the comments calling for a dox; this was the first time that he could see how unified his fans were other than in just subscribing to his novels.

Wang Ling saw the thumbs-ups, forwards and comments on Father Wang's long post visibly and rapidly rise in a short quarter of an hour.

Playing around on Weibo wasn't a privilege limited to just the common people; many almighty cultivators now were also in the habit of refreshing Weibo.

And among Father Wang's fans, it wasn't just students who read his novels as a way of relieving stress.

Very quickly, one Weibo user with more than ten million fans and the profile information "Head of Exploding Sky Sect Xu Que" left Father Wang a message and forwarded his post: "After cultivating, I always look for interesting novels on the Cultivation Reading Network to read as a way to relax and calm my Dao heart. When I had encountered the most difficult bottleneck in my cultivation, I suddenly discovered Let Go of that Wet Nurse by Guru Wang Situ, and it helped me break through that final bottleneck. This is a very dedicated author! Wang Situ's family is currently being bullied, so as head of Exploding Sky Sect, I am now formally announcing a Heavenly Way Bounty on Weibo. If anyone can provide information on the obscene man whom Guru Wang Situ has written about, a reward of one million HNY will be directly transferred to you online!"

In a flash!

Complete pandemonium erupted on Weibo!

Heavenly Way Bounty!

It had been a very long time since anyone had heard of this...

The Heavenly Way Bounty had existed once upon a time during the chaotic period in the ancient cultivation world known as the Contention of a Hundred Schools of Thought. This was a special pursuit warrant that only a religious sect leader or a pope could issue, and it could gain traction very quickly in a short span of time. Once a person became wanted under this warrant, he would become the public enemy of cultivators, and could be killed by anyone.

Previous records from the ancient cultivation world showed that no one who had had a Heavenly Way Bounty placed on them had been able to survive.

Nowadays, however, because of lawful restrictions, the Heavenly Way Bounty wasn't legally recognized. Nevertheless, it was still an unwritten tradition of the cultivation world. At present, people who were wanted under the Heavenly Way Bounty didn't have to die, but dirt on them would be dug up, even as far back as eighteen generations of their ancestors. There was an online joke that if there was someone now who was wanted under the Heavenly Way Bounty, it was possible to even count the number of bone ash particles inside their ancestors' cremation urn.

If the previous Heavenly Way Bounty had been a hunt and kill order, then nowadays, it was the ultimate dox boost!

Hence, when he saw the message that this head of Exploding Sky Sect had sent, Wang Ling couldn't help feeling chagrined despite himself; in a sense, this kind of ultimate dox boost was much more terrifying than just killing a man.

Very quickly, numerous comments popped up below Head of Exploding Sky Sect Xu Que.

"Boss has come! I never thought that even the head would have also read Guru Wang Situ's novels! We're kindred spirits!"

"Supporting Head of Exploding Sky Sect's righteous words! Catch this obscene man alive! Give Guru Wang Situ's family justice!"

In just one hour, Wang Ling saw that the trending topics on Weibo's hot search list had been completely taken over by Father Wang after countless post forwards.

Trending Topic 1: Wang Situ in a Fury over a Beauty

Trending Topic 2: Head of Exploding Sky Sect Xu Que Announces Heavenly Way Bounty

Trending topic 3: Women, Guard Against Wandering Hands with this Simple Trick

...

Meanwhile, Wang Ling was also refreshing Weibo on his wristwatch, and he saw quite a few of his acquaintances from the cultivation forum and chat group in the Weibo comment area for that "Heavenly Way Bounty" by the head of Exploding Sky Sect.

Bulang Blade Immortal: "Supporting Friend Xu speaking up for justice for Guru Wang Situ. Guru Wang Situ's books are really so good — I hope this incident can be settled quickly so that Guru Wang Situ can hurry up and update!"

Cailian Zhenren: "Fuck! What are the cultivation police doing?! Does he think there's no one in our cultivation world who will teach him a lesson? Even dared to touch Guru Wang Situ's wife — if I this old mother know where this obscene man lives, I'll definitely show up at his door with a sword and cut off his abalone mushrooms 4 !"

4(This refers to a man's testicles.) Lightning Dharmaraja: "Fellow cultivators, calm down; if you catch this man, the most effective thing you can do is send him to me for electrocution. Supporting Guru Wang Situ's legal rights! By the way, let me take this opportunity to advertise my Quit the Internet Center..."

Lord Thunder: "Supporting fellow Xu Que! I especially like Let Go of that Wet Nurse by Guru Wang Situ — the moment when Zhuge Liang used the Beating Dragon Eighteen Palms to do a slam dunk was just too cool!"

Wang Ling: "..." Bloody hell! There's no Zhuge Liang 5 in the book! You're just shamelessly mooching off the atmosphere for your own purpose!

5(Zhuge Liang was a famous Chinese statesman, ideologist and strategist during the Three Kingdoms period (220-280) ..)





Chapter 127 Evil Monarch Jun Xie


Lord Thunder didn't know that this Guru Wang Situ who rode the whirlwind in the online novel industry was actually Father Wang. If he knew that the person he had simply commented on for the sake of raising his own appeal by mooching off this latest hot topic was the "Great Senior" from the Wang family's small villa, he would definitely regret it to no end...

But there were really too many comments on Father Wang's post, and it was completely impossible for the eye to take them all in. The comments by that bunch of people from the cultivation forum couldn't catch up with the first wave, and were soon drowned out by other comments.

One of the reasons why Father Wang's post had officially become a trending topic was largely due to Weibo support from the head of Exploding Sky Sect, Xu Que.

Most crucially, that support included the Heavenly Way Bounty!

Furthermore, after the Heavenly Way Bounty was issued, it immediately drew the concern and support of a lot of big names in the cultivation world, most of whom were actually friends of Head of Exploding Sky Sect Xu Que from the same cultivation circle.

Someone with the ID Evil Monarch Jun Xie 1 and the profile information "CEO of Cultivation Hardware and Concealed Weapons Technology" forwarded Xu Que and Father Wang's posts, and expressed that they would add an extra million on top of the Heavenly Way Bounty which Head of Exploding Sky Sect Xu Que was offering!

1(Evil Monarch Jun Xie is the protagonist in the web novel 'Otherworldly Monarch Evil.' The Chinese characters in the name Jun Xie君邪 are the reverse of the term Evil Monarch 邪君, which is the nickname Jun Xie is known by in the novel.) Evil Monarch Jun Xie... this was the boss of Cultivation Hardware and Concealed Weapons Technology! This was also the one other institution competing with King Billy's Yidali Research Bureau for Unique Artifacts in the concealed weapons market!

Yes, with Evil Monarch Jun Xie's participation, the issue exploded once again!

In a short two hours after Father Wang had published his Weibo post, talk about "Wang Situ in a Fury over a Beauty" had shot up at the speed of a rocket and the post had already been read over one hundred million times; similar to the growth of Wang Ling's realm in the last two years, things were starting to get out of hand.

Father Wang had made it clear in his post that he had called the police, but unfortunately, they couldn't handle the incident for various reasons. This also caused widespread public discontent — if a government official couldn't help the people obtain justice, he might as well just go home and sell sweet potatoes2 !

2(Presumably, this is a reference to a character in the Chinese film 'Sesame Official.') Groping wasn't a big nor a small matter...

The point was that after Father Wang had made use of his identity as Wang Situ to create online exposure on this issue, its significance in society had obviously changed.

Many people immediately began to rebuke the cultivation police for their inaction.

Very quickly, this incident drew the direct attention of the municipal bureau.

...

At midnight, Song Qingshu was bitterly writing "A Review Report on Post-War Losses."

This time, two people among the Ten Saints had died, and even Third Saint had directly violated the agreement and betrayed the Lord of the Castle for some unknown reason... until now, Song Qingshu was still in the dark about it. Nevertheless, a report still had to be written, on what they had lost, what the next step in their plan was going to be, and their chances of success — all of it had to be calculated step by step.

The only good news for him was that the Lord of the Castle wasn't really angry.

Song Qingshu felt that given the ears and eyes which the Lord of the Castle had everywhere, he must have known that the person who insisted on fighting Mo Immortal Castle over the stone ghost mask had some influence and shouldn't be provoked. Nothing needed to be said if it had just been the Great Death-Courting Senior — however, the current problem was that behind this Great Death-Courting Senior was a top-class expert whose realm far surpassed Soul Formation!

Who on earth was this man?

Song Qingshu had utterly no idea how to find out who he was.

His only lead was Third Saint, who had already completely cut off all ties with them — this entire puzzle could be solved if they could find Third Saint.

Song Qingshu sighed, pen in one hand, and as he was thinking about how to word his report, there was the sound of a phone ringing.

This red phone was an internal hotline for getting through to him directly.

Song Qingshu gave the clock a somewhat annoyed look. Who would be looking for him at this hour?

After pondering for a bit, he directly answered the phone. "Who is it?"

"Hello, is that Brother Song? This is Zhou Jie!"

Song Qingshu was stumped for a moment. "..."

He knew too many people; there was no way he could remember all of them! If he had been at work, there was a telephone directory in his office full of numbers which he could flip through and check who it was.

The problem, however, was that he was at home, and someone abruptly giving him a ring and saying he was so-and-so made him feel a little weary.

He knew so many people with the surname Zhou... who the hell knew which one was Zhou Jie?!

Fortunately, the man on the other end of the line knew himself very well. "I'm Green Gang's Zhou Jie, the one with big nostrils..."

Oh... so it was the leader of Green Gang, Zhou Jie.

Song Qingshu instantly got it.

This was a well-known black Taoist 3 who had big nostrils, so his nickname was Large Nostrils. Actually, if the man had just used this nickname, Song Qingshu who have immediately known who he was.

3(The pun here is that the author has used牛鼻子,which is an old and facetious way of referring to a Daoist, and which literally translates into 'the nose of an ox .. ') "Leader Zhou, what business do you have with me?" he asked.

Green Gang was the largest and most powerful underground gang in Songhai city, and had shared a close relationship with Mo Immortal Castle when the latter had first been set up. Before Mo Immortal Castle had established its own intelligence network, a lot of their information had had to be passed through Green Gang at first.

In the last few years, however, this relationship between Mo Immortal Castle and Green Gang had waned and they now only had some business dealings with each other. So Song Qingshu hadn't expected to suddenly receive a call from this leader of Green Gang whom he hadn't seen in quite a while.

"Brother Song, I really don't know who to ask for help. I currently have a pretty troublesome problem. I don't know if you've heard about it... it's something that happened on Weibo recently..."

After Zhou Jie spoke anxiously for a while, Song Qingshu laughed. "Wang Situ in a fury over a beauty? Is that a new punchline? I think I've read this online writer's books before... you're saying his wife was groped? Ha ha ha ha !"

On the other end, the face of Zhou Jie, leader of Green Gang, instantly darkened. "The man who groped his wife was my younger cousin..."

Song Qingshu abruptly stopped laughing. "..."

Zhou Jie heaved a sigh. "It seems that Brother Song didn't know about this matter. But now it's become a huge deal... it's really troublesome!"

Listening to Zhou Jie's subsequent explanation, the smile on Song Qingshu's face gradually disappeared and he no longer thought it all a joke. "You're saying... the head of Exploding Sky Sect, Xu Que, publicly announced a Heavenly Way Bounty on Weibo, which has been supported by countless cultivators, and Evil Monarch Jun Xie has even topped up the bounty?!"

Hearing this, Song Qingshu couldn't help sighing in his heart. This... was really troublesome!

Could just anyone put out a Heavenly Way Bounty?! The only person qualified to do so was either a pope or the head of a sect. Even if it could be withdrawn, it couldn't be done so easily.

The most important thing was that the head of Exploding Sky Sect, Xu Que, was a notoriously ruthless man... he was an existence that even Mo Immortal Castle didn't dare provoke.

Song Qingshu: "I say, Leader Zhou, why didn't your younger cousin choose a better target? Instead he had to grope the wife of this online guru..."

Zhou Jie: "Brother Song, I can only ask for your help with this! I only have this one younger cousin, please help me find a way to suppress this incident!"

Song Qingshu was speechless. "Do you know how terrifying Guru Wang Situ's fans are? While that head of the Exploding Sky Sect is good at using Weibo, those big shots who don't use Weibo are probably now observing things in private!"

Song Qingshu felt that his words weren't an exaggeration; after all, even the Lord of the Castle had also read the book Let Go of that Wet Nurse by Wang Situ! However, the Lord of the Castle didn't use Weibo...

Over the phone, leader of Green Gang, Zhou Jie, gritted his teeth. "How about this, Brother Song, if you can help me suppress this incident, I'll give you a piece of information that will fire you up!"

Song Qingshu thought for a while, then shook his head. "Too difficult!"

He was about to hang up when Zhou Jie directly spoke up. "I know that Brother Song has been looking for the whereabouts of the maker of the stone ghost mask. I have a clue here... if Brother Song can help me, I'll give you the information!"

Song Qingshu's finger had been centimeters away from pressing the end button, but when he heard Zhou Jie's words, his hand immediately paused. "What did you say?!"





Chapter 128 Father Wang's Most Powerful Fan


When Mo Immortal Castle was founded back then, it had had to rely on Green Gang for a very long time to build its own intelligence network in Songhai city.

In the last few years, Green Gang's value to Mo Immortal Castle had fallen, and their relationship was not as close as it used to be.

When two forces met to begin with, their relationship would be based on mutual exploitation; once that balance was broken, the relationship would also fall apart.

As leader of Green Gang, Zhou Jie was naturally very clear on this point. Thus, for the future development of the Green Gang, he had also quietly expanded his intelligence grid over the years, trying to secure the throne as the top underground intelligence network in Songhai city. But in the last few years, Mo Immortal Castle had really grown too rapidly.

But even if it was hard to compete with that power on the surface, Zhou Jie had still found another way. He had gotten information about the stone ghost mask by chance. Furthermore, he knew that Mo Immortal Castle had been looking for the maker of the stone ghost mask for many years.

Song Qingshu involuntarily swallowed his saliva; indeed, this proposal sounded very attractive.

On the other end, Zhou Jie knew that the situation was hopeful, and he continued with a smile, "Brother Song, you only need to think of a way to control public opinion and suppress the Weibo post... I only have this one younger cousin, I must protect him no matter what!"

Song Qingshu sighed. "I admit your proposal is very tempting. But you should know that the head of the Exploding Sky Sect has already made a move, so even if our Mo Immortal Castle gets involved..."

Zhou Jie interrupted him. "Brother Song, I can only rely on you for this. It'll be good enough if you can reduce the impact of this issue as much as possible! Of course, whether it works or not in the end, I'll still tell you everything I know about the maker of the stone ghost mask."

This was a very sensible remark, and Song Qingshu nodded with satisfaction. "Very well, I'll do my best."

He hung up after that, and then was at a loss.

In the end, who was it better to look for?

Song Qingshu thought for a while before finally picking up the phone again to quickly dial a string of numbers. "It's me, Song Qingshu. Help put me through to Mayor Ding..."

...

While the mohawk's older cousin, leader of Green Gang, called Song Qingshu for help, the battle on Weibo continued.

It was already a full four hours after the start of the incident; it was almost midnight, but Weibo was still as busy as if it was daytime.

Things had gotten more and more serious. Father Wang's trending post "Wang Situ in a Fury over a Beauty" had already been certified "Hot" by Weibo — how a weak female should react and defend herself when she encountered a wandering hand had become a popular topic for discussion.

Netizens forwarded the post and were sympathetic; even the keyboard warriors stayed up late — all of them found incomparable satisfaction from being a part of this hype.

But soon, someone posted an online message and also sent a string of angry emoji expressions. "Strange! My comment on the post is gone! Even the reader count in the upper right corner of my last few posts have all turned gray."

This net friend shared a screenshot, expressing their dissatisfaction.

A comment quickly popped up below it. "I thought I was the only one whose Weibo post was locked! So there were other people with the same problem!"

"Shit! So it's not just me!"

"I worked so hard to type out such a long post, why is it locked?! Support Guru Wang Situ!"

This definitely wasn't netizens stirring up trouble for no reason, because Father Wang had also noticed something; he found that the number of thumb-ups and comments on his post were decreasing steadily. After four hours, a total of nearly two hundred thousand thumbs-ups before... was now only a hundred and ten thousand after he refreshed the page! That was half the amount!

Wang Ling also realized that many online comments had disappeared.

Previously, some people had sent several addresses for doxxing but which had yet to be properly verified. However, all of it had been deleted by Weibo on the basis that it was "prohibited information."

It was very obvious that someone was deliberately blocking the messages and trying to keep the heat down.

Father Wang patiently waited for fifteen minutes in front of the computer, then saw that the "Hot" word next to his post title as a hot search item had already disappeared. Even its ranking had dropped two levels, and he helplessly watched as it fell from Trending Topic 1 to Trending Topic 3.

In the study, he sat in front of his computer screen, the ashtray on his table already overflowing with cigarette butts.

He had already smoked all the cigarettes in his cigarette pack.

Wang Ling was wondering whether he should use his teleport ability to go to the supermarket and buy a pack for him.

After all, this was the only thing that he as a son could do for his dad while Father Wang relied on his own strength to search for that mohawk scumbag.

But very quickly, Wang Ling realized that he had been overthinking it.

Because he saw Father Wang stand up and directly pick up an iron box off the bookshelf next to him. Inside the box were ten black cigars. Father Wang straightaway lit one up and put it in his mouth.

Wang Ling's heart couldn't help but shiver a little... he realized that Father Wang's evil temperament was about to get worse!

...

In the study, Father Wang puffed on his cigar.

As Wang Ling stared at it, he slowly started to recall that this box of cigars had been a gift which some fan had sent a few months earlier. At that time, Father Wang had still been in the study typing, so it was Wang Ling who had come downstairs to help him sign for the express delivery, hence why he had a vague impression of it.

But Wang Ling hadn't paid it any mind back then and hadn't cared about what was in the box.

And when Father Wang had received the iron box, he had put it on the bookshelf, where it had remained ever since.

It didn't look like a famous or expensive brand from the external packaging, but the texture inside each cigar was extremely special!

Using his Heavenly Eye, Wang Ling could see that this single cigar contained more than three hundred types of precious celestial treasures. Among them, he could actually even detect the faint smell of "auspicious dragon grass"! This was a restricted-grade panacea grown in Huaxiu nation; it had the ability to bring a person back to life, and was currently also used all over the world as an efficacious drug for dealing with cancer! Just a little bit of this panacea could purify the body of all cancer cells!

It was very obvious that these cigars had all been specially custom-made by that fan! To be able to use auspicious dragon grass as a cigar ingredient — what kind of person was this?

While Wang Ling was still puzzling over this, Father Wang had already finished half the cigar.

As he had expected, someone was now trying to block the messages on Weibo, and the topic "Wang Situ in a Fury over a Beauty" had just fallen several more places and was going to drop out of the top ten.

"Everyone, forward the post again! Help Guru Wang Situ! It's fallen in the ranking again!"

"This Weibo is real scum! Black operations 1 ! Shameless scum!"

1('Black operations' refer to backdoor dealings or covert manipulation behind the scenes.) "I forward! Forward angrily! Forward it again! I don't believe it can continue to drop with almost five hundred thousand forwards... robbed of first place by a shampoo ad! Who is it that gives you this confidence?! Rejoice 2 ?!"

2(One of Rejoice Shampoo's taglines is 'confidence that comes from smooth and shiny hair .. ') These net friends all felt that it was unfair to Father Wang, but someone was clearly pulling some strings behind the scenes, and they were helpless to do anything...

Reading these online comments, Father Wang felt his blood pressure rise.

Black operations?

No way!

Wang Ling saw Father Wang turn the iron box over and open the back.

His eyebrows twitched... it turned out that the cigar box could be opened on both ends, and there was a small compartment at the back!

Wang Ling then saw Father Wang take out a black cellphone which he had never seen before from the back of the cigar box.

There was only one number in the phone's contacts.

Father Wang didn't even have to think about it before he directly made a call.

A moment later, Father Wang's voice sounded. "It's me, Wang Situ. Please put me through to the head of state..."





Chapter 129 Which Old Leader Is This?


It was twelve o'clock, which should have been the dead of night for every human being!

On the top floor of a staff apartment of the General Office of the Municipal Council in the urban heart of Songhai city, Mayor Ding Yunsong was in a sleeping robe and trying his best to "learn a foreign language" with a foreign blonde lolita when he suddenly received an emergency call.

Since the mood had been interrupted, it was clear that he was a little unhappy, and even his voice sounded depressed when he picked up the phone. "Who is it?"

The person on the other end just said three syllables: "Song Qingshu."

As soon as he heard these three syllables, Mayor Ding's body jolted abruptly and he instantly picked himself up and smiled obsequiously. "So it's Mr Song... Mr Song, it's so late, what can I do for you?"

"Does Mayor Ding already know about the incident on Weibo? The wife of that Wang Situ was molested, and caused a huge uproar," Song Qingshu said directly, not beating around the bush.

Ding Yunsong made a show of being earnest as he nodded. "Yes, of course I know!"

Actually, he didn't... he had been busy learning a foreign language, how would he have had time to worry about what was happening on Weibo?

"That groper is a fellow younger brother of my subordinate. That day, he had drunk two bottles of erguotou 1 , so his wits were a little addled. This is actually all a misunderstanding," said Song Qingshu.

1('Erguotou' is also known as Chinese white liquor and is a Chinese alcoholic beverage.) "I understand Mr Song's meaning. But there is a process for dealing with the aftermath that has to be followed..."

Song Qingshu nodded. "I understand your meaning as well. Within half an hour of this call, three million yuan will be deposited into your foreign account for you to handle as you see fit. As for Wang Situ's family, give them some hush money to prevent them from spreading nonsense."

Both men were experienced veterans; in just a few words, they were able to instantly establish the implications of this conversation. Though he was the mayor of Songhai city, Ding Yunsong readily called Song Qingshu Mr Song; anyone who was discerning enough would be able to tell what their relationship was like. Ding Yunsong was well aware in his heart that back then, if Mo Immortal Castle hadn't helped him get promoted, he would never have had the opportunity to sit in this position.

He was silent for a while before he finally nodded. "Mr Song, rest assured. I guarantee that by early morning, this hyped-up Weibo post won't appear in the public eye any longer..."

After that short call, he made several calls of his own: to Weibo's chairman of operations, to the technology department manager of the General Office of the Municipal Council... Ding Yunsong called all related parties with the ability to suppress public opinion to "convey his greetings."

This already wasn't the first time that he had used his power to control public opinion.

The first time that he had done so, he hadn't known who to look for, but now it was a walk in the park.

After making dozens of calls, he stretched and looked at his wristwatch; it was already two in the early hours of the morning.

The little foreign lolita in lace suspenders was already fast asleep.

At that moment, Ding Yunsong was already completely not in the mood.

"I should rest early tonight!"

He sighed, walked gently over to the lolita and tucked her in.

He was about to kiss her forehead when that damned phone rang once again.

This time, he lost his patience — fuck, let me learn a foreign language in peace!

Mayor Ding was annoyed when he picked up the phone. "This is Ding Yunsong! It's so late, can't you report tomorrow?!"

As the switchboard operator on the other end of the call was berated, the girl said helplessly in her sweet voice, "Mayor Ding, don't be angry... this is a call from the Department of Discipline Inspection."

"Department of Discipline Inspection? Quickly put it through..."

For some reason, he had a bad feeling.

The administrator of the Department of Discipline Inspection only needed to say a few words, and instantly Ding Yunsong was no longer sleepy, his face turning pale.

"We have been instructed by a higher-up to thoroughly investigate online guru Wang Situ's case to use as an example to others? He... he's just a web novelist, do we have to be so serious about it?"

"Yes, Mayor Ding. Does it sound like I'm joking? Haven't you seen Weibo? The Supreme Cultivation Court and the Cultivation Prosecutor's Office have released official statements to say that they will be creating special legislation targeted at the deplorable act of groping in society. The higher-up has expressed that we should be strictly focused on this issue."

Ding Yunsong couldn't help breaking out in a cold sweat.

Higher-up? Which higher-up? Which higher-up could move the Supreme Cultivation Court and the Cultivation Prosecutor's Office? For matters as major as legislation... to say "do it," and it would be done... this was clearly such a trivial incident, how had it stirred up such huge waves?

Listening to the call, Ding Yunsong was dumbfounded.

From the moment he had received this call from the Department of Discipline Inspection, he had already known that this incident was now beyond his control. It was true that Song Qingshu had looked for him, but it was very obvious that the other party had also asked someone for help; furthermore, they had found a big name that he had no way of moving at all.

At that moment, Ding Yunsong had no choice but to suffer in silence. He didn't even want to hang up the phone, because he was fairly certain that the top brass in the other departments were already in chaos, waiting on new instructions from him! Because the command from the higher-up and what Ding Yunsong had said in his phone calls earlier were two completely different things!

He licked his dry lips, his forehead already wet with sweat.

Less than ten minutes after the call from the Department of Discipline Inspection, his phone rang once more...

This time, he conscientiously looked at the number that was calling, and almost pissed his pants... it was the Municipal Secretary, Secretary Sha!

He answered the phone, already anticipating the magnetic and severe voice that came over the line.

"Comrade Ding Yunsong, what are you doing as mayor? Are you allowed to suppress public opinion? You made the first move without any instructions from the higher-ups? Did you accept a 'red packet' from someone to handle this matter? Comrade Ding Yunsong, I'm giving you a serious warning, don't spend your time thinking about how to stir up things... I wonder if you've watched the TV series In the Name of Cultivation ? I think you're very similar to the mayor who escaped abroad in the first two episodes!"

Ding Yunsong was already too scared to speak. "..."

"Whether or not you can keep your mayor's wushamao 2 depends on your attitude toward this incident. Am I clear?"

2(The wushamao is a Chinese hat with two thin oval-shaped boards on each side that was worn by traditional Chinese officials ..) Speaking up to this point, the Municipal Secretary's tone became even darker. "The old leader is very angry about this matter! After waking up at midnight, he flew into a rage! He said that social ethics in Songhai city are in shambles if the cries of the people and public opinion can't be heard. He wants a thorough investigation of corruption in all city offices. Next week, fellow cultivators from the central government's anti-corruption inspection group will come to do inspections in our city."

Hearing this, Ding Yunsong shivered all over. "May I ask, Secretary Sha... which old leader is this?"

"Mayor Ding, are you playing dumb with me? Shouldn't you have guessed it already? The Ten Founding Generals are all his students. Which old leader do you think it is?"

Ding Yunsong's mouth dropped open, big enough to fit a whole apple in it. He was already utterly stupefied. "..."





Chapter 130 Filming the Second Season of Train to Busan?!


It was doomed to be a troubling day. Early in the morning, Song Qingshu received a message from Ding Yunsong.

To sum up the content of the message, the implication was thus: the incident had become a huge issue which had drawn the attention of state leaders and big names from various circles in the cultivation world, and it couldn't be suppressed at all by purely relying on a mayor's power.

Upon seeing this message, Song Qingshu's eyelids twitched... why was he running into all these big shots whom he couldn't afford to provoke lately? First it was that mysterious youngster who had shown up at Lord Thunder's villa, and now for some reason it was the web novelist guru Wang Situ...

Song Qingshu didn't think he had ever felt more sullen in his life.

While he was feeling depressed, his wristwatch rang.

"Brother Song, this is Zhou Jie. I saw that the situation on Weibo had clearly settled, but why has it picked up again? It hasn't even been two hours. Did something happen?" There was an obvious note of urgency in Zhou Jie's voice.

Song Qingshu rubbed the skin between his eyebrows with some annoyance. "I can't do anything about this matter; that Wang Situ's background is a little beyond my expectations. Even our Mo Immortal Castle can't deal with him."

"How can that be..." Zhou Jie was dumbfounded.

After a moment of silence, Song Qingshu said, "My advice now is that you quickly make arrangements for your younger cousin to go abroad and escape the limelight. It would be best if he didn't return for at least half a year."

"Is the situation that serious?"

Song Qingshu sighed. "Judge for yourself. What I can tell you is that this incident has already moved the almighty ten founding generals of Huaxiu nation."

"..."

Zhou Jie was dumbstruck with fear. What kind of influential background did this person have, that he could reach out to the ten founding generals?

...

It was six o'clock in the morning on May 27th.

Songhai city's Dahuang International Airport.

A man with a mohawk, wearing a black face mask and carrying a black briefcase, cowered as he reached the departure lounge at the airport.

He whispered into his phone, "Hello... brother, I've reached the airport."

Over the line came Zhou Jie's voice. "Zhou Wei, I've already arranged everything for you; I bought a ticket for the earliest flight, which leaves at six twenty. Go directly through the green passage 1 ten minutes before that... ignore whoever talks to you, got it? Board the plane first!"

1(The 'green passage' in Chinese airports allow for quick check-ins or custom checks when time-sensitive items are involved, such as donated organs or fresh produce.) "Okay, brother, I got it..."

Zhou Wei's face was sweating as he hung up the phone, and there was deep regret in his heart. He really wanted to cut off his hand! Why couldn't he have controlled himself back then?!

Instinctively he turned his head, and realized that a black cat had poked its head out from under a row of chairs at the back of the departure lounge to survey him.

So it was a cat...

He heaved a sigh.

It wasn't strange to see pets in the airport these days; a lot of them were soul pets that possessed spiritual intelligence. As long as their owners purchased tickets for them, they could get on the plane by themselves. There were even soul pets no less intelligent than human beings that were capable of buying their own tickets to travel abroad.

Zhou Wei felt that this average-looking black cat was probably someone's pet, and that it was waiting for its owner under the chair.

However, he still felt a little weird being stared at by a cat. He immediately stood up and switched to a seat where he wouldn't be able to see the black cat.

As soon as he left, the black cat under the chair reached up to unfold its ears, which had actually been hiding a pair of wireless earphones...

The black cat kept its cool and said in a low voice, "Attention, battalion commanders! The target has been sighted! Monk, what is your situation?"

The Monk: "Reporting to the Regiment Commander! Everything is proceeding smoothly!"

Zheng Tan nodded. "Good. All other units continue to tail the target! Monk, hurry and bring people in, we must stop this person before he boards the plane!"

...

Zhou Wei didn't know if he was feeling too sensitive after doing something bad; there were clearly only ten more minutes to go before he could pass through the green passage and board first, but at the moment, he felt like he was sitting on pins and needles at the back of the waiting room.

At six o'clock, there were only a few scattered guests in the departure lounge. Zhou Jie had deliberately arranged for Zhou Wei to wait in the VIP lounge where there were fewer people. However, Zhou Wei still felt like there were numerous eyes on him for some reason.

Out of the corner of his eye, he saw an airport ground service employee cleaning with a quiet vacuum cleaner a dozen or so meters away... this person seemed to be staring at him?!

Using a magazine to cover his face, he took a covert look.

It was an old lady, far advanced in years.

He shrunk back into his clothes. He was a muscular man over one hundred and eighty centimeters tall, but for the first time, he felt a lingering coldness in his heart.

It was just an old lady who was quite a distance away and dim-sighted with age... she probably hadn't recognized him, right?

Zhou Wei felt very nervous.

In the end, after struggling in his chair for a long while, he decided to change seats again and put more distance between him and this ground service old lady...

As soon as he left, the old woman crouched down behind the vacuum cleaner and stealthily took out a walkie-talkie. "Attention, all units! The target is on the move! This is a rare and huge case which the masses have reported to our General Administration of Harmony, so look lively! Old Zhang, what is your situation?"

Master Zhang: "Reporting to Miss Dong! All is well!"

Madam Dong nodded. "Good! Everyone else continue to tail him! The target is going to register to board in five minutes! We must stop him before he makes any further move!"

...

Time passed minute by minute, but for Zhou Wei, every second felt as long as a year.

Finally, it was time to board.

Black briefcase in hand and racing against time, he rushed for the green passage almost at once!

He didn't want to stay here even an instant longer!

At the entrance to the green passage, a beautiful little sister with brown hair and long legs stopped him. "This gentleman, the green passage is now open. Please show me your boarding pass and passport!"

He hurriedly took them out of his pocket and handed them to the little sister, his eyes flicking around nervously the whole time.

"Hello, Mr Tom Zhou, welcome aboard. Have a nice trip..."

Scarcely had the little sister put the boarding pass and passport back in Zhou Wei's hand when two large troops instantly emerged from behind. One was a bunch of old men and women wearing glasses and red ribbons around their arms; the old lady leading them turned out to be the ground service employee who had been pushing the vacuum cleaner around earlier!

Even more frightening was that next to this elderly group were several dozen cats... at the very front was a black cat which had its arms crossed and which was standing on two legs, its gaze fixed on Zhou Wei! And behind these cats stood a fat police officer.

Zhou Wei immediately broke out in a cold sweat... it turned out that he had already been watched from the very beginning!

"Seize this groping bastard!" Madam Dong shouted loudly as she pointed at him.

In an instant, a large bunch of meowing cats and a large bunch of old men and women pounced on Zhou Wei at the same time...

"..."

Behind them, the little sister standing at the entrance to the green passage had black lines on her face 2 ... were they filming the second season of Train toBusan 3 ?!!

2(In Japanese comics and cartoons, black horizontal lines on a character's head or face can denote various negative emotions such as shock or depression.)

3(This is a 2016 South Korean zombie thriller movie..)





Chapter 131 Victory for the People of Chaoyang


When Zhou Wei was arrested, he was still completely bewildered.

This mass surround and capture operation at the airport had been a joint effort between Zheng Tan's Independent Regiment and Madam Dong's General Administration of Harmony. After two hours of surveillance, the operation proceeded smoothly and successfully.

Of course, it had been Wang Ling who had leaked the news that Zhou Wei was fleeing.

There was a large baccarat bar in downtown Songhai city. The boss of this bar was the leader of the Green Gang, Zhou Jie.

Immediately after Zhou Wei had been caught, all the main news media outlets had scrambled to report this incident.

In the bar, Zhou Jie was already completely dumbstruck when he watched the news. After listening to Song Qingshu's suggestion, he had almost immediately gotten in touch with his contacts, and after some coaxing, had found the right connections to help give Zhou Wei a new, foreign identity and to enable him to leave through the green passage.

Zhou Jie had completely never expected that it would still end in failure.

This website novelist Wang Situ... who on earth was he?

On the news, Zhou Wei's face had been obscured by mosaic tiles. Seeing him being taken away from the scene by a fat officer who had personally handcuffed him, Zhou Jie could feel his scalp turning numb.

He was feeling a lot of different emotions: there was anger, and also terror. The Green Gang had operated in Songhai city for so many years, but Zhou Jie had never felt like this, like shrimp being played around with in the palm of someone's hand.

Silently lighting a cigarette, Zhou Jie put a call through to Song Qingshu again. "Brother Song..."

On the other end of the line, Song Qingshu also let out a sigh. "You don't need to say anything. I saw the situation on the news."

"What do we do now?" Zhou Jie was really at a loss.

"My advice now is that you should relocate the Green Gang as soon as possible. Even if it's only for the short term, you should move to the next district rather than stay in Songhai City so that your Green Gang isn't affected by this incident and suffer even larger losses." Song Qingshu rubbed at the skin between his eyebrows, his head aching. "I know you must feel wronged, but we must face the reality... we can't deal with this person for the time being, and it's best that we don't attempt to investigate his true identity."

Zhou Jie nodded as he replied, "I understand, Brother Song."

At the moment, whether it was the Green Gang or Mo Immortal Castle, they were both in the same boat.

Zhou Jie was well aware that the reason why Song Qingshu was still willing to help him was because Mo Immortal Castle was afraid that this Green Gang incident might create ripple effects that would also impact on Mo Immortal Castle's expansion in Songhai city.

Zhou Jie was as clear as a mirror on this point. "Brother Song, don't worry, I'll arrange for our retreat straightaway; I'll withdraw key Green Gang members from Songhai city within two days."

"Mm, do it as soon as possible."

Song Qingshu nodded. "Although we can't immediately take revenge right now, there still remains a slight chance of success. In order to strike back perfectly... we have to learn to win against the gods by half a point 1 ! Do you know where the chance for success lies?"

1("Victory against the gods by half a point" is from the novel A Game of Go with the Gods, in which a Go enthusiast plays a game of Go against a god and defies the god's power to win by the closest of margins - but loses his life in the process.) On the other end of the phone, Zhou Jie was silent.

Win against the gods by half a point?

Cupping his chin in his hand, he pondered the question for quite a while. Finally, he suddenly raised his head and replied, "It's Qi Tongwei! 2 "

2(Qi Tongwei is a tragic villain from the TV series 'In the Name of the People' who became more and more corrupted and ruthless in his ways as the story progressed. Ultimately, when his crimes were exposed, he committed suicide out of remorse.) "..."

Song Qingshu pulled a long face. "Of course not!"

Zhou Jie: "This little brother is slow, please tell me, Brother Song."

Song Qingshu: "Then just quickly tell me the whereabouts of the maker of the stone ghost mask... it's already been a few days and you're still being secretive about it? Keeping it to yourself is useless, trust me..."

Zhou Jie: "..."

...

This Weibo battle centered around the issue of "groping" eventually ended with Father Wang's victory.

In the end, not only had the opponent been defeated by Father Wang, he had also died with one flick of a finger from Father Wang's most powerful fan.

On May 28th, the fifth Friday after the start of the semester, Wang Ling read the Cultivation News Morning Post from top to bottom.

The first article: Complete victory for the mysterious power from the east behind Wang Situ. What was the real reason behind it? Download the Weibo app to find out...

The second article: A part-timer has performed an outstanding service for society once again! Experienced Officer Wang personally arrested case suspect Zhou. In an interview, experienced Officer Wang pragmatically said it was all due to the people's efforts!

The third article: Yesterday, the pursuit and interception efforts by the masses and a group of cats led to the capture of suspect Zhou, wanted nationwide for groping, at Dahuang International Airport. Experts say that this group of people and cats are very likely to be descendents of Chaoyang city inhabitants3...

3(This refers to an app in China called Chaoyang Qunzhong, which can be translated as "the masses of Chaoyang District," through which users can submit tips on criminal activities. In recent years, the "Chaoyang masses" have become well-known for providing tips that led to several celebrities being charged for drug use or prostitution ..) Wang Ling: "..."

...

When Wang Ling got to school in the morning, the talk today was almost all about that arrest at the airport on Thursday. Because of Father Wang, the groping case had continued to ferment in the last two days, until the entire nation knew about it.

Nobody knew where Guo Hao had learned the news, but he started to earnestly spread the gossip around in class. "Do you know, it's rumored that the suspect arrested in the groping case has a powerful background; his brother is the leader of Songhai city's largest underground gang, Green Gang. He has godly connections! Just a little bit further and he would have escaped through the green passage at the airport!"

Chen Chao frowned. "Even with such a background he hadn't been able to run, and the local government is keeping a strict eye on this issue. Doesn't this prove that there's an even more powerful person sitting behind Guru Wang Situ?"

Lin Xiaoyu: "Why talk about such drivel so early in the morning?! Anyway, I'm more interested in the kind of punishment which that person will receive. Wouldn't he just be detained for a while?"

Sun Rong shook her head and said, "This incident has caused quite an uproar. This person probably won't get out for several years. Last night, the local government actually gave our Huaguo Water Curtain Group notice and requested that we push out a pepper spray for women, in line with the government's promotion of a nationwide anti-pervert agenda."

Lin Xiaoyu abruptly looked a little disappointed. "That's all? I figured that this guy's Tower of Babel would be chopped off!"

Everybody: "..." Too fucking savage!

At this point in the group's discussion, Guo Hao suddenly interrupted them. "I have a video of the arrest made in the airport yesterday. Those who want it can look for me. It's fifty yuan a copy, a fair bargain!"

After he said this, the whole class was dead silent. Seeing that nobody was paying him any attention, Guo Hao was a little embarrassed.

However, Guo Hao was Guo Hao. He immediately grabbed hold of Su Xiao, who was collecting homework, and tried to dispel his embarrassment. "Classmate Su Xiao, I know you're interested in my video, want to buy it?"

Su Xiao pulled his neck back and when he struggled free of Guo Hao's unexpected bearhug, he looked extremely frustrated.

Startled by this expression, Guo Hao immediately loosened his grip. "I'm just selling a video, you don't have to be so unhappy about it, right?!"

Su Xiao shook his head. "No, I was just thinking, why would I be targeted by someone selling videos..."

Guo Hao: "..."

Everyone: "..."





Chapter 132 The Upcoming, Extremely Nasty Physical Exam Before Military Training


It was still May 28th, the fifth Friday after the start of the semester.

During the Dao Talismans class today, Teacher Pan made a curious announcement.

Standing on the dais, Teacher Pan pushed up her glasses as she said mysteriously, "Students, after careful consideration by the higher-ups, and in line with the local government's aim of reinforcing education on female defense against perverts, the military training program which was planned for Senior Grade Two has been moved forward. It's scheduled to take place in the middle of next month, and will be a five-day military training activity held on Songhai city's cultivation military base."

Hearing Teacher Pan's words, the whole class immediately exploded.

Whether it was guys or girls, anyone would be happy the moment they heard of the military training. Because during those few days of training, the school wouldn't assign homework! But as students of Number 60 High School's elite class, the students of Grade One, Class Three who knew Teacher Pan's personality quite well didn't betray too much excitement.

Because to Teacher Pan, no matter how much or how little homework there was, it had to be done! The best example of this was when Wang Ling and the others had gone to Number 59 High School for the exchange meet.

While a new round of discussion started up in the class, three people quietly covered their faces.

Chen Chao covered his face because he was so happy he could cry. As a passionate sports fool, he felt that finally, the time had come when he could showcase his abilities!

Wang Ling covered his face because he totally hadn't expected the group activity to happen so soon! He vaguely remembered the scene at Number 59 High School the last time, when Zhuo Yi had held up Secretary Dakang's two hairy legs. Every time he recalled it, Wang Ling felt his brain hurt. All in all, group activities were just a bad idea when it came to him...

Su Xiao was the last person who covered his face. This was because he had heard Grade Three's Clan Leader Yu once say that the school would conduct a compulsory physical examination before the military training, as they needed to understand each student's specific physical attributes in order for the military training base to develop a scientific training program for them.

After the whole class settled down under Teacher Pan's gaze, she cleared her throat and continued, "There will be no classes in the afternoon today. Student Sun Rong will lead the girls and Student Chen Chao will lead the boys to the infirmary on the third floor for the physical exams. Everyone has to go; if you don't have special exemption, students who fail to participate will take two more test papers back with them as homework."

Hearing this, Su Xiao silently drew back the hand he had raised...

Wang Ling: "..." As expected, compared with a physical exam, homework was the most evil bane of all!

From a young age, Wang Ling in fact had seldom had a physical exam.

Because given his immortal body, he simply didn't need one!

For cultivators, Foundation Establishment high school students should naturally have Foundation Establishment physiques which were far superior to those of ordinary people.

Wang Ling had always felt that the one-sided physical exams which schools conducted in fact had no substance. This was the so-called not checking what should be checked and checking what didn't need to be checked. He felt that what those old aunties in the infirmary really cared about wasn't the students' physique, and instead purely just wanted to see if a certain part of the body had grown...

Therefore, he was like Su Xiao, as the thought of the physical exam gave them both a real headache.

It was just that Wang Ling's reason was the complete opposite to Su Xiao's.

Su Xiao thought his was just too small; he would be laughed at for not achieving the average standard for a boy...

Wang Ling, on the other hand, felt that his was too big; to far exceed the standard for an average boy would draw concern and attention...

...

In the afternoon, there was a long, winding queue at the door of the infirmary. Chen Chao had led the boys of Grade One, Class Three here to undergo the physical exam.

As Wang Ling had predicted, a short old auntie with a slightly hunched back stood at the door of the infirmary. She wore a white gown and a pair of very mystical-looking long-sighted glasses; her eyes scanned the crowd like a searchlight. "Settle down and don't be noisy. Wait for Doctor Song to give you your physical exam."

Doctor Song?

Wang Ling felt that this title seemed a little familiar, so he sneaked a look with his Heavenly Eye... what the fuck, this Doctor Song was Lie Mengmeng!

At that moment, Lie Mengmeng was putting on a pair of white gloves, his face expressionless. He greased his middle finger with some lube, and then checked the condition of a male student's anus. As soon as the tip of his finger went in, the boy's face revealed a twisted expression like Liang Yifeng's when he was reciting poetry 1 ...

1(Liang Yifeng, or Leung Yatfung in Cantonese, is a student who became Internet famous for a clip of him reciting poetry in an exaggerated and almost melodramatic fashion.) Wang Ling: "..."

Hearing the boy inside shriek, someone in the queue couldn't help asking, "Holy shit! Don't tell me everyone gets checked like that?"

The old auntie who was standing at the door to maintain order showed a "kind" smile. "We're just taking samples for testing — two samples per class."

And then, she picked up an information sheet and glanced at it. "In your Grade One, Class Three, Students Chen Chao and Guo Hao are responsible for providing the test samples — are they here?"

Chen Chao and Guo Hao both couldn't help trembling. "..."

...

Very quickly, the boys in the class before them were all done with their physical exams, and it was finally Grade One, Class Three's students' turn.

After Chen Chao and Guo Hao, these two students who were responsible for providing test samples, were taken aside, the rest of the boys entered the infirmary one after another; inside, there was a thick smell of disinfectant in the air.

At the sight of Wang Ling, Lie Mengmeng's expression finally changed slightly. Quickly composing himself, he put on those evil white gloves. He pointed at the small bed in front of Chen Chao and Guo Hao. "You two, take off your pants and bend over there. Then... hold your buttocks open yourself."

The two people nodded fearfully and approached the bed. After they were both in position, Lie Mengmeng drew the curtain shut.

From the shadow on the curtain, everyone saw Lie Mengmeng's next move...

He liberally greased his finger with lube...

Behind the curtain, there was a sinister squelching sound, then Lie Mengmeng could be seen using the one thousand years of death 2 as he hit the bullseye!

2('One thousand years of death' is a translation of the Japanese Sennen Goroshi, which is a ninja technique used in the Japanese cartoon Naruto, and involves clasping the hands together so that the index fingers are sticking out and poking them into a person's anus.) This was immediately followed by Chen Chao's shrill and miserable cry from behind the curtain.

Su Xiao was already so frightened that he had covered his eyes, completely unable to bear watching any longer...

Wang Ling couldn't help sighing inside his heart. In ancient times, people sang "A Song of Courtyard Flowers" 3 on the other side of the river; now, they were standing around to watch a chrysanthemum 4 getting poked on the other side of the curtain.

3(This is the last line of a 9th-century poem 'Mooring on Qinhuai River.' The musical piece "A Song of the Courtyard Flowers" 玉树后庭花 which the poem alludes to here was written by the last emperor of the Chen dynasty in the 6th century. In the poem however, the song is referred to as 后庭花,or "flowers of the rear garden." This phrase has also come to be used to describe male same-sex relations.)

4(The chrysanthemum is perhaps one of the most common ways in Chinese to describe a man's anus ..) Very soon, Chen Chao's exam was over. As he came waddling out from around the curtain and covering his butt, some of the boys snickered.

"Was it that painful?" A pompous boy patted Chen Chao's shoulder.

In return, Chen Chao glared at him with a "Go and try it yourself if you dare" expression.

At this moment, everyone saw that behind the curtain, Lie Mengmeng had already changed into a pair of new white gloves and had lubed up his finger.

But this time, the expected shriek didn't come...

As a practitioner of the Flow of Five Pens, Guo Hao was indeed Guo Hao. He promptly used his professional insight to call into question Lie Mengmeng's caliber and ability.

Behind the curtain, Guo Hao heaved a sigh. "You're not poking in the right place, you know? It's very easy to get hurt!"

Everybody: "..." Bloody hell! Why do you know that?!

Guo Hao: "You're an intern, right? You bend over and I'll teach you!"

Wang Ling: "..."

In the face of a Foundation Establishment cultivator, Lie Mengmeng as an ordinary person had no strength to fight back at all with his frail body, and was directly pressed onto the bed by Guo Hao... when Guo Hao put on the white gloves and poked his anus, Lie Mengmeng was already drowning in a flood of tears. Motherfucker! Trying to earn extra income nowadays really wasn't fucking easy!





Chapter 133 Su Xiao Has Finally Grown Up!


The general cultivation hospital hadn't been able to send enough manpower for the pre-military training physical exam, so Lie Mengmeng had been employed online as a part-timer, and had been responsible for taking test samples from the 'flowers of the rear garden.' Apart from that, there were still the regular physical exam items such as height and weight measurements as well as blood and urine tests.

Of these bewildering number of items, nothing could surpass the biggest pain in the neck that was in itself just called "the physical exam."

By standing on a scanner which used ion ray technology, the machine could rapidly detect bone density, bone condition and how much a man's little brother had grown... this was the part that Su Xiao was most scared of.

During the blood test, Wang Ling was very embarrassed when the female nurse pricked his finger with a needle and the tip actually bent! These needles had all been specially custom-made by the general cultivation hospital and could easily pierce a body at the Foundation Establishment stage.

The female nurse didn't believe it and pricked his finger twice more; in the end, the tips of the two needles were both bent...

As the nurse was thinking about complaining to her superior about the quality of the needles, Wang Ling stuck his finger in his mouth and bit it.

Female nurse: "..."

Wang Ling had managed to get through the previous sections without mishap and was able to deal with most of them somehow.

The last part of the physical exam was the one that he was truly nervous about.

Before the advancement of science and technology, orthopedic specialists would be the ones to perform physical exams on students in cultivation schools. Furthermore, these old specialists had the unique and exceptional ability to visually assess something; perhaps this was passed down from Old Lady Dong. Without needing to use a ruler at all, they could tell with one look how long a man's little brother was as well as its growth rate.

But with the rapid development of technology in the last few decades, the process was now clearly much more efficient than in the past. For what had been the most troublesome part of the physical exam previously, examinees now only needed to stand on a machine and be scanned by ion light for the results.

Su Xiao was very nervous and restless, his blank gaze fixed on some mental horizon.

Because of his physique since young, he was much weaker than regular students at the Foundation Establishment stage. Even his little brother was shorter than that of the average boy. This had given him a sense of inferiority from a young age, so at school he would only dare go to the washroom when no one else was there.

In this respect, he was very similar to Wang Ling.

But Wang Ling's reason for not going to the washroom was that his was too big...

With Chen Chao and Guo Hao these two thick-skinned guys in the lead, everyone stood on the ion machine one by one to complete the assessment. Five meters away, two female nurses were staring at a screen with lackluster expressions as if they were weathering the gales and billows of life...

Very soon, it was Su Xiao's turn.

He stood on the ion machine and closed his eyes a little fearfully, his face completely red.

An ion ray slowly scanned him from top to bottom...

Right at that moment, Wang Ling, who had been behind Su Xiao in the queue, secretly moved his finger.

Among the Three Thousand Great Spells, there was a "Graft and Transplant Spell" which allowed a person to graft a portion of their body onto someone else's. In order to make sure he didn't stand out, Wang Ling felt that he could collaborate with Su Xiao a bit... but once he used this skill and after he undid its effects, he wouldn't be able to take back one third of the grafted portion...

Before long, the ion ray scanned Su Xiao's middle torso.

All the boys who were present saw the two female nurses in front of the monitor screen actually cover their mouths; their expressions were awed, as if they had seen some prehistoric beast!

What the hell! — This was just too big!

Why was such a small boy actually so thick and solid down there?!

Su Xiao slowly opened his eyes when he sensed something wasn't right.

The two female nurses looked as if they wanted to devour him, which made his entire body feel uncomfortable.

Twenty minutes later, everyone was done with their assessments.

The computer also swiftly collated the "physical exam" reports together and gave each person their electronic copy.

When Su Xiao timidly looked at the report after school, he was stunned! — Thirty... thirty-seven centimeters? What the hell... didn't this already completely exceed the Western standard?! Was his thing a donkey whip? Was his so large?

Unable to quite believe it, Su Xiao pulled his pants open to take a look, and was completely dumbfounded...

Although it wasn't as exaggerated as thirty-seven centimeters in the physical exam report, it was clear that his little brother fully met the standard for an average guy, and even exceeded it a little.

Why was it like this?

Student Su Xiao stood up from his chair in astonishment — and for the first time felt what it was like to be heavy down below. He was so moved his tears came gushing out! Su Xiao had unexpectedly grown up!! Had his birthday wish actually come true? Thank you, almighty cultivation god!

Wang Ling: "..." You lucked out !

...

...

When Wang Ling got home that night, the kitchen was empty and Mother Wang and the old man weren't around. All that remained of the large Wang family was father and son and Er Ha.

The groping incident was the current buzz, and for the first time, Mother Wang was a storybook heroine. Reporters from the major news outlets were doing whatever they could to turn her into tabloid gossip.

Whether it was Father Wang or Mother Wang, both of them couldn't stand being pestered like this. In the end, the couple had talked it over and Father Wang had decided to straightaway send Mother Wang and the old man off on a stress-free trip on his salary card to avoid the limelight. They hadn't even taken any luggage with them when they left, and would just buy clothes and daily necessities on the road.

It was the first time that Wang Ling felt that Father Wang was so generous...

Sure enough, the coolest man was the one who cherished his wife!

But with Mother Wang and the old man's departure, dinner became a problem.

In theory, Wang Ling didn't need to eat at all, since he could maintain his bodily functions by absorbing spirit energy from nature every day. But after so many years, dinner had already become a habit for him... if he didn't eat dinner, he would feel a sense of emptiness.

It was impossible to order take-out, as the Wang family's small villa was too remote and completely outside the take-out range of service. The only solution now was for this father and son pair, along with Er Ha, to go out themselves in search of food.

Father Wang had already searched for businesses closest to East Huang Road. Within an area of eight hundred kilometers, there was only one restaurant called "Midnight Dining Hall"...

Father Wang frowned as he quickly noted that this restaurant's rating was pretty low; on the Douban food review website, it actually only scored 2.6... and this was a damn ten-point system!

When they opened the restaurant's available menu, both father and son were alarmed...

A small bowl of lao tan 1 pickled cabbage beef noodles...

1('lao tan' literally translates into "old jar," which refers to the earthen jars that were traditionally used for pickling vegetables. Coincidentally, it is also an instant noodle brand ..) A medium bowl of lao tan pickled cabbage beef noodles...

A large bowl of lao tan pickled cabbage beef noodles...

And then...

There was nothing else...





Chapter 134 Midnight Dining Hall


A normal cultivator flying on his sword would take roughly twenty minutes to cover a distance of eight hundred kilometers. It was a little far, but Wang Ling could cover that distance in a blink of an eye.

Wang Ling had Father Wang and Er Ha hold on to him, and in an instant, two people and a dog arrived in front of the restaurant.

This restaurant looked a little outdated; the walls had been built with wood and brick, and it looked in danger of toppling over in the wind. The inscription on the horizontal board which hung on the restaurant door read "Midnight Dining Hall 1 ." There was already a crack in the corner of the board, and the proprietor had carelessly slapped on two all-purpose adhesive plasters to mend the gap, making this restaurant look more ancient than any old building in the Xiao Family Compound...

1(Midnight Dining Hall is a show where actors share their life experiences and discuss questions about life.) At the restaurant's entrance, Wang Ling suddenly realized that he had passed by this place before on the way to school. But since he had been moving too fast, he hadn't seen it clearly. Today, he finally knew for sure... this place actually wasn't a public toilet!

"Don't judge this restaurant by its seedy appearance. The more rundown a shop is, the better the food... wasn't that how that popular Kitchen God's Restaurant started?" Both father and son stood by the entrance, and as a cold wind swept by, Father Wang pulled his neck back; Wang Ling thought that he didn't sound very confident.

The restaurant didn't have a door; a ragged, sun-bleached piece of cloth had been hung up at the entrance, and above that was an old-fashioned iron roller shutter. Every day at the restaurant's closing, the proprietor had to pull down the shutter with a long hooked handle and lock it.

Two people and a dog drew the ragged cloth aside and stepped inside. The shop was so small that it only contained four wooden tables with a stack of plastic chairs on the side.

As Wang Ling entered, he saw the restaurant's boss leaning against the kitchen door, smoking.

The boss had a buzz cut and looked about forty years old. He had unhealthy-looking hollow cheeks and deep eye sockets, and a ten-centimeter knife scar which ran down from his forehead over his right eye and stretched down to his neck.

It was very obvious that this was a man with a story.

"Ah, there are people so early today." Seeing that he had customers, the boss quickly stubbed out his cigarette and pointed at a handmade menu hanging in the center of the shop before putting his hands on his waist. "Apart from lao tan pickled cabbage beef noodles, order whatever else you want to eat, as long as I can make it..."

Father Wang: "Do you have fishball thick noodles?"

The shopkeeper shook his head. "No thick noodles."

Father Wang: "Then fishball rice noodles?"

The shopkeeper shook his head again. "No fishballs."

Father Wang: "You don't have anything... then why would you open this shop?!"

The boss raised his eyebrow as he argued with a righteous air, "You can't say we don't have anything, it's you who don't know how to order. When I think about back then, shifu taught me everything about cooking, and I was his most favorite disciple."

Father Wang: "..."

Wang Ling: "..." If your shifu knew that his most favorite disciple was messing around in such a rundown shop, wouldn't he definitely choose to go die?!

Father Wang really didn't know what to order, so he directly pointed at the menu and said, "Then serve us two medium bowls of lao tan pickled cabbage beef noodles first..."

The boss didn't say anything and just nodded his head. He turned around to go into the kitchen. Following that, Wang Ling saw him turn on the exhaust fan, which rumbled continuously like a tractor...

Roughly ten minutes later, two bowls of lao tan pickled cabbage beef noodles were done. A bowl in each hand, the boss placed them in front of Father Wang and Wang Ling. He had even thoughtfully prepared a plate of bare ox bones especially for Er Ha.

Er Ha gave the ox bones an uninterested glance, then lapped up the houseflies that had come to rest on the bones with extreme satisfaction...

Boss: "..."

Unexpectedly, these two bowls of noodles looked pretty good, and the bowls themselves might be old, but they weren't dirty.

Father Wang slurped up a mouthful of noodles, and then lifted his head, a little startled — it actually tasted pretty good!

The only flaw was that the pickled cabbage wasn't sour enough.

Father Wang frowned. "Boss, your cabbage doesn't taste like it was pickled in a jar? It's not sour at all."

The boss replied strangely, "Who said it was pickled in a jar?"

Father Wang pointed at the menu. "Can you read? Lao tan pickled cabbage! Let me tell you, I'm also an educated person! Please give me a reasonable explanation, otherwise this is just cheating your customers!"

The shopkeeper curled his lip. "I'm Tan Siming and those who know me well call me Lao Tan. 2 I made this pickled cabbage beef noodles, so I named it 'lao tan pickled cabbage beef noodles.' Is this a reasonable enough explanation?"

2(The boss's nickname is 'Old Tan,' or Lao Tan in Chinese, which shares the same pronunciation as the word for 'old jar.') Wang Ling and Father Wang: "..." They were completely unable to refute this explanation!

It was almost eight o'clock at night, and as Father Wang and Wang Ling were halfway through their noodles, suddenly there were sounds of activity at the entrance.

A young man with his bangs combed to one side came in with a worn guitar on his back; he looked like a penniless street singer.

Because he couldn't afford to rent a place in the city, this young man could only pool the money which he earned in the city to rent a place in the outskirts.

With his memory reading ability, Wang Ling had gleaned all of this in an instant from the man's brain.

Wang Ling truly hadn't read all this on purpose; it was instinctual for him, since some people liked to wear their emotions on their faces — Wang Ling could easily read the memories of this type of people. As for some men who obviously had stories, such as Lao Gudong and this restaurant's boss, who was currently in the kitchen, he would never know what kind of pasts they had unless he took the initiative to read their minds.

It was obvious that this young man was a regular customer; seeing him, Boss Tan gave him a slight nod and asked in his magnetic voice, "The usual?"

The young man nodded his head silently, carefully leaned his guitar against the wall, then found a place to sit.

Although he didn't speak, it was as if the boss's eyes could see his thoughts. "I know that you had an audition today. It looks like it didn't go well?"

The young man dropped his head.

While the boss prepared dinner for the young man, he comforted him. "Young man, you still have other opportunities, it doesn't matter. Look, we have new guests today. How about you give them a listen and sing your audition song?"

The young man suddenly stood up in excitement. "Really, can I?"

Father Wang and Wang Ling put their chopsticks down at the same time and nodded seriously.

Listening to the voice of a down and out vagabond singer in a remote village restaurant — Wang Ling felt that this was probably a once-in-a-lifetime sort of magical experience.

The young man bowed deeply to the boss, Father Wang and Wang Ling. Then, he cleared his throat and began to sing acapella.

"You stir up wind and clouds... and sweep me away...

"You lift up the waves... and abandon me 3 ..."

3(On the 2014 season of 'Chinese Idol,' a competitor who was nicknamed Brother Wave became famous for singing this song completely so terribly during his audition, and one of the judges got so pissed off she scolded him harshly for it. His audition clip was later turned into online guichu videos ..) Father Wang: "..."

Boss: "Little brother... your heavenly silkworm potato strips bibimbap is done, maybe you should eat first."

This extremely piercing singing along with this familiar cuisine style was a twofold shock to Wang Ling. "..."





Chapter 135 Crushing a Dream with a Poisonous Tongue


Wang Ling's first impression was that this vagabond singer had a strange accent from who knew where. Of course, pushing these problems aside, Wang Ling thought that on the whole, he sang pretty well and was at least in tune...

But if this young man wanted to go on a talent show and become a real professional singer, he was clearly far from achieving that.

Wang Ling's understanding of music was limited; he was just a amateur who dabbled on the guitar a little, so he couldn't make any sort of professional comment on the young man's singing.

As for how to stand out in a talent show...

He felt that there were a few prerequisites.

First, a person didn't need to be especially handsome, but should at least look pleasing.

Second, maybe the voice didn't need to be especially professional, but it should at least be distinctive. Just singing in tune wouldn't work.

Finally, the third and most important point... a person must have had a miserable life! And the more miserable, the better! The best would be a story that after just a handful of words, could move the audience and judges to tears...

This young man didn't meet these requirements.

As a vagabond singer, Tang Youning obviously hadn't given much thought to his wild appearance, and he gave people a dirty first impression. Furthermore, this young man's life couldn't be considered miserable at all. At most, he was a pitiful singer who stuck to his dream of doing music. There were too many of this kind of people in Huaxiu nation... if you wanted to appear before an audience at a talent show, you should at the very damn least have a family member with an incurable disease!

Chewing on half a mouthful of beef, Wang Ling fiercely criticized current talent shows in his heart. That young man gazed at the heavenly silkworm potato strips bibimbap with red eyes. "Am I... really not cut out to be a singer at all?"

There was a sense of low esteem in his quiet tone, but everyone heard it.

It was obvious that today's failure at the talent show had been quite a heavy blow to this young man.

Boss Tan turned off the rumbling exhaust fan and wiped his greasy hands with a cleaning rag. He slowly walked up to the young man and patted his thin shoulder. "Keep your chin up, Little Tang!"

Maybe it was because he had been a cook for many years, but Boss Tan had a very sturdy physique; when compared with this young man, the difference was very obvious. Wang Ling didn't doubt in the slightest that if Boss Tan used just a little more strength, he could directly pat this young man's shoulder into pieces...

This restaurant boss definitely wasn't an ordinary person.

His cultivation was at the Golden Core stage at the very least.

Wang Ling had already noticed this as soon as he had stepped through the door.

Looking at Tang Youning, Boss Tan continued to console him. "A great man once said that talent is one percent genius and ninety nine percent hard work. Perhaps you just need to put in more effort! So don't give up no matter what!"

The young man looked up with a glimmer of hope. "Really?"

But as soon as Boss Tan had finished speaking, Father Wang's poisonous tongue mode had kicked in reflexively, and he quietly added, "Do you know that there's a second part to this saying? Although you only need one percent genius, that one percent is the most important part of all!"

Boss Tan: "..."

Tang Youning simply wanted to cry: "..." Why did you have to point that out?!

Wang Ling: "..." It hurts, dude!

It could only be said that Father Wang's tongue was becoming more and more poisonous.

The young man couldn't withstand this vicious hit at all.

Boss Tan felt really helpless.

But it was clear that Father Wang didn't think his poisonous words were wrong at all.

Everyone had heard this "poisonous chicken soup"1 saying before: There is nothing too difficult in the world as long as you are willing to give it up...

1(This is meant to be the direct opposite of the 'Chicken Soup for the Soul' book series which consist of true and inspirational life stories. Chinese netizens fed up with these instead share harsh and sometimes darkly humorous life anecdotes instead.) Father Wang felt that if a person didn't have a talent for something, it was very stupid to stick with it. Every profession had its supreme experts, so why stubbornly cling to one tree? Why not try swinging a few times on other trees?

Crushing a dream with a poisonous tongue... Father Wang felt that it was only proper for him as a senior to educate and instruct this young man by showing him the truth sooner rather than later, so that he could get himself back on the right track.

"Ling Ling, sing a song?" At this moment, Father Wang abruptly turned to look at Wang Ling.

Wang Ling was silent. "..."

"Sir, your son also studies music?" Boss Tan was a little curious.

Father Wang shook his head. "He's only in Senior Grade One this year, and plays a little guitar in his free time. You can say he's an amateur. But I believe if he puts all his effort into it, half the music industry will belong to him sooner or later!"

Boss Tan clearly disagreed as he shook his head and said, "No, half the music industry belongs to Lao Gudong Banbi."

"..."

It had to be said that this Lao Gudong Banbi whom Boss Tan had mentioned was a weirdo who talked big, since he had once claimed in front of the media that if the rock industry lost him, it would lose half its territory... that was how his nickname Wang Banbi had come about 2 .

2('Banbi' is pinyin for 'half of a territory.' This is a reference to a real article about rock singer Wang Feng which was titled "Without Wang Feng, the rock industry would lose half the music territory.") Now, this was all just idle talk. Therefore, when Father Wang flaunted his son, this street singer expressed strong dissatisfaction. "I studied music under a vocal music teacher... your son is only an amateur. Talking about something like half the industry... isn't that too much of an exaggeration?"

"Go, Ling Ling! It's time to show your real skill!" Father Wang suddenly threw him a thumbs-up and revealed his pure white teeth.

Ding ! It was as if everyone could see his teeth gleaming.

Wang Ling: "..." Go? Screw you!

Of course Wang Ling refused to do it. Just playing the guitar for a bit would have been fine, but to sing and play at the same time... that was quite a serious problem! Because his default setting was 'silent mode'!

But under Father Wang's burning gaze, he finally capitulated...

First of all, he was afraid that Father Wang would dock his pocket money if he refused. Secondly, Wang Ling was a little provoked by this young man's disdainful look.

Why not perform for a bit?

As a result, Wang Ling silently went over to the corner and picked up Tang Youning's wooden guitar. He took a deep breath and felt more nervous about this than the way he passed his days on tenterhooks at school.

Hugging his arms, Tang Youning sneered with the attitude of someone about to watch a good show. "Yo, you're nervous now? I sing everywhere in the streets all the time, and I've never once been nervous with so many people watching me!"

Wang Ling glanced at him indifferently without the slightest flicker in his expression.

What on earth should he sing?

He thought for a while...

There actually weren't many popular songs around, since Huaxiu nation didn't place much importance on music. But that didn't mean that Wang Ling had no access to good music. His Heavenly Ear Ability allowed him to connect to any plane of existence and world line, like an FM radio.

After pondering for a bit, Wang Ling suddenly recalled a song he had heard from another plane, which would go well with a guitar accompaniment.

Holding the guitar in his arms, Wang Ling strummed it several times to check that it was in tune.

The sound of a guitar, full of fresh vitality, rang out.

And then, Wang Ling started to sing.





Chapter 136 The Most Precious Thing About a Dream


This was the distinctive voice of a teenager; compared with the original tone of the song, it lacked the flavor of rich experience, but it carried a youthful air which existed only in one's salad days.

The song which Wang Ling was playing was from another world line. It was a cover song titled "Old Boys" and sung by a music duo called Chopstick Brothers1 .

1(Chopstick Brothers is a Beijing-based Chinese duo who became famous in 2010 for a short online comedy film titled 'Old Boys.') This song was about a guy's inability to confess his feelings to the girl he liked for fear of being rejected. It expressed the sentiment of being unable to go back to one's youth, and that while things might remain the same, people did not.

Wang Ling liked this song very much.

He remembered when he had first reached puberty, and he had had a crush on a girl. But due to personal reasons, he hadn't said anything, right up until the year they had graduated.

He had been afraid that he would hurt her.

At that moment, there was a special kind of feeling in the air as Wang Ling stood in this rundown restaurant and played "Old Boys" on the guitar. Once he opened his mouth, both Boss Tan and Tang Youning were straightaway intoxicated by his voice...

...

That is the girl I deeply love and miss day and night~

But how should I profess my heart~

Will she accept me~

...

Perhaps I will never be able to say those words to her~

I am destined to wander the world alone~

How can I have such cares~

Dreams are always just dreams~

Perhaps I should give up~

Flowers bloom and fade in yet another rainy season~

Where is spring~

...

Youth is like a swift current~

Gone, never to return, and too late to say goodbye~

Only leaving me behind numb~

Without the passion of before!

...

Looking at a sky full of fallen flowers~

Fading at the most beautiful moment~

Who will remember it had once been here in this world...

This was the first part of the song, but Wang Ling put the guitar down after singing up to this point. Boss Tan was already totally dumbfounded — there was actually such an operation 2 ?!

2(居然还有这种操作 'There was actually such an operation' is Chinese Netspeak for expressing shock or bafflement, or to complain or praise something.) While Wang Ling had been playing the song, Boss Tan had casually checked for the lyrics, but discovered that there was no relevant search record for it on the Internet. That was enough to prove that this was an original song!

This was only a Senior Grade One youngster, but he was actually capable of writing such a moving song full of youthfulness...

At the end of Wang Ling's performance, both Boss Tan and Tang Youning in that moment were moved in their hearts.

They instantly felt that this youngster had to have a story behind him!

This was a song that they had never heard before; just listening to one small part of it had been lethal!

Boss Tan had already completely become a fan of this youngster. This was probably the legendary prodigy, right?

Wang Ling: "..."

Only Wang Ling himself knew that he wasn't a prodigy of any sort at all... he didn't create music, but was just a music porter!

Putting the young man's guitar back in its corner, he quietly went back to his seat to eat his noodles; from his light and easy attitude, it was as if he had just done something pretty ordinary, which was a crushing blow to Tang Youning.

...Who on earth was this person?

Tang Youning was shocked. He dropped his head, feeling like he had been completely defeated... back then, in his quest to learn music, he had abandoned everything, and behind his parents' backs, had stolen the family's chaiqianfunds 3 and given it all to a music teacher. The money had initially been set aside for when he got married. When his misdeed had been exposed, his family had cut off all his living expenses. And so, he officially became a street singer.

3('Chaiqian' translates to "demolition and relocation," and refers to the large-scale rebuilding of older urban areas in China. This has become a significant socioeconomic issue, with some people being forcibly evicted..) It looked like he really wasn't cut out for this business...

If he had listened to his parents' urging back then and hadn't used the chaiqianfunds, he might happily have had a wife by now; he could be living in a brand new house and maybe playing with his kids... he might have found a steady job and would be living a stable life.

For the first time, Tang Youning felt that something was wrong with the way he was living his life.

Was he going to stick to it?

After listening to Wang Ling play, he began to seriously question himself.

"How much can a street singer like you earn in one day?" asked Father Wang.

Tang Youning's arrogance at having studied music formally had completely disappeared. He scratched his head somewhat embarrassedly. "It depends... when it rains, there's no money at all. I sing everywhere, and I just hope everyone can appreciate me for my music, not because they pity me."

"..." There was dead silence in the shop.

Tang Youning stroked his guitar, his eyes a little wet. "I thought that given my abilities, I'd have no problem passing the audition... now, this is the only thing I have."

"Then will you continue down this road?" Father Wang asked once more.

Tang Youning shook his head. "I don't know."

"You don't know means you still want to."

Father Wang raised an eyebrow, feeling that this young man was still very persistent. Anyone else would have surrendered early on under the onslaught of his poisonous tongue, but often these were people who weren't trying to do big things. On the other hand, the way this young man was hesitating just proved that he didn't want to give up so easily.

"What do you think about my son's song just now?"

"That song was really good!"

Tang Youning was excited and depressed at the same time. "I don't think I could ever write a song like that..."

"Have you considered that the reason why you failed the auditon might have to do with the song you chose?" Father Wang asked again.

Wang Ling raised his eyebrow slightly in his seat. He felt that Father Wang's attitude toward the young man was a little different now, as he had switched from poisonous words to talking sense into him. Father Wang had always been a man good at telling stories; he had a very strong grasp of different subjects and also first-class leadership skills... Wang Ling had once seen him unconsciously lead over ninety percent of a two thousand strong group of readers who read pirated books back to reading genuine versions again.

Tang Youning blinked as he looked at Father Wang. "What is teacher's meaning?"

"Don't call me teacher, it just sounds awkward. Just call me uncle." Father Wang waved his hand. "I mean, if you didn't detest my son's song, how about I sell it to you?"

Tang Youning instantly stood up. "Uncle... you're saying you want to sell this song to me?"

But very quickly, his expression turned deeply bitter. "But uncle... I have no money."

An original work of excellent quality was truly rare nowadays! Tang Youning felt that Wang Ling's song would be able to command a whopping copyright price from any record company!

Father Wang silently lit a cigarette and stuck it in his mouth. "How much do you have?"

Tang Youning fumbled around in his pockets and pulled out loose change which, when pooled together, amounted to thirty three yuan and seventy cents.

Anxious, Tang Youning looked at Father Wang, gritted his teeth, then tightly hugged his guitar and gave it a kiss before holding it out to Father Wang. "Uncle... if you don't dislike it..."

"No." Father Wang straightforwardly rolled his eyes.

Boss Tan was speechless. "..." This was a bit too frank!

Father Wang: "Why would I want your guitar? Can it be eaten? Isn't this your lifeblood? How can a man walk through life without a partner by his side?"

With that, Father Wang turned to look at the boss. "Boss Tan, do you have pen and paper?"

Boss Tan nodded. "Yes!"

Father Wang had always had a good memory, and he also had some musical knowledge. Hence, he had basically already memorized the lyrics and the melody after Wang Ling's single rendition of it. Even if he left out something, Wang Ling would help him fill in the gaps telepathically...

In a smooth and flowing style, Father Wang swiftly wrote down the complete lyrics of "Old Boys" on paper, then wrote another note before putting the pen cap back on.

Finally, he gave the piece of paper to Tang Youning. "The most precious thing about a dream is that it can be rebuilt, no matter how big your setback!"

Tang Youning gripped the paper with shaking hands.

Father Wang exhaled smoke like a dragon and flicked ash from his cigarette. He stood up, picked up that thirty-three yuan and seventy cents from the table and put it in Boss Tan's hand. "Two bowls of beef noodles, thirty yuan in total. Keep the change."

After that, father and son together with Er Ha directly left the shop, leaving Boss Tan bewilderedly holding thirty-three yuan and seventy cents.

...

After Wang Ling teleported Father Wang and Er Ha back home, Father Wang leaned back against the sofa and heaved a long sigh. "Your mom maxed out my salary card. We have to save as much money as possible in these few days!"

Wang Ling: "..."

Father Wang looked seriously at Wang Ling and gave him earnest instruction. "Look, with just a little wisdom today, I was able to save money on two bowls of beef noodles! Want to know what frugality is? That's it!"

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 137 What Is South Tianhe's Specialty?


In all of Wang Ling's life plans, there was almost nothing else he wanted more than to live a smooth and stable life. But he realized that things always turned out contrary to what he wanted. An ordinary life was hard to come by for him...

It was May 29th on Saturday in the fifth week of the semester.

Lord Thunder was standing at the door with a bag in one hand. Seeing that Wang Ling himself had opened the door, he hurried to make a bow and greet him enthusiastically. "Morning, Brother Ling."

"..." Wang Ling's expression was cold.

Sometimes, Lord Thunder felt that it was very tiring to be friends with Wang Ling; he had to learn to read him from the tiny shifts in his expressions, otherwise he wouldn't be able to understand him at all.

Wang Ling was wearing his standard "dead fish eyes" expression, but as one of Wang Ling's few friends in the cultivation world, Lord Thunder felt that he could see a hint of bewilderment in the other man's eyes... if it could be summarized in four words, it would be: "Why are you here?"

Lord Thunder lifted the bag in his hand. "I planted the broccoli which great senior gifted me in our family's spirit soil. I water it every morning, and it's growing very well! I harvested this bag of broccoli this morning, so it's very fresh. I wanted to give them to the seniors, so I brought it over."

Without saying a single word, Wang Ling moved to shut the door...

Lord Thunder quickly thrust his hand into the gap between the door and its frame. "Brother Ling, wait, I'm here today on business! Do you remember that Third Saint from last time? He sent a suitcase to my villa, and I want you to take a look at it for me."

Wang Ling thought for a while, then relaxed his grip on the door knob and let him in.

Changing into slippers after entering the house, Lord Thunder lamented endlessly in his heart: nowadays, it was really so hard to come to this holy place to make his obeisance to the great seniors!

Sensing that the Wang family's small villa was extraordinarily quiet today, he asked in confusion, "Huh? Great seniors aren't home today?"

Wang Ling was too lazy to explain, and instead pointed nonchalantly at several travel magazines on the coffee table.

Mother Wang and the old man had gone through them yesterday before they had left, and the magazines hadn't been put away yet.

Lord Thunder understood at once: so the great seniors had gone on a trip!

But the destination was a little strange...

Henan?

...South Tianhe 1 ?

1(Tianhe means "river," and Henan literally translates to "river south.") That place might be a scenic travel destination for ordinary people, but he felt that there was no value in it for cultivators.

South Tianhe not only lacked natural spirit energy, it was also missing adventure thrills — scenic spots nowadays painstakingly created gimmicks to attract cultivators and their money. Currently, the most popular destinations were probably Black Ox Treasure Town, which was Old Demon Han's former residence, and the holy land of Malegebi 2 !

2(In reaction to Chinese online censorship laws, Chinese netizens started using the phrase "grass mud horse" as a homonym substitute for "fuck your mother" online. This spawned the creation of various stories about the grass mud horse, one of them being that the creature lives in the Malegebi desert, which is a homonym for another curse expression, "fuck your mom's genitals.") Lord Thunder stared at the travel magazines for quite a while. Finally, he stroked his chin and couldn't help sighing. "I'll also buy these two magazines later and bring them home to take a look; there has to be something unusual about this place if the two great seniors chose to visit it!"

Wang Ling: "..."

Lord Thunder: "Anyway, I remember that South Tianhe doesn't seem to have any specialties... if we don't count their manhole covers 3 ."

3(China's central Henan province has historically been stereotyped as the home of lunatics and thieves who would even steal the covers off manholes.) Wang Ling didn't know what expression to use in response. "..." History told him that there was no happy ending for blackening a region 4 !

4(Presumably this is a reference to how a lawyer sued Beijing TV for a sketch that aired during its 2017 Spring Festival gala program which he claimed was defamatory and discriminatory against the people of Henan ..) "By the way, Brother Ling! Third Saint sent over a suitcase, have a look at it." Now that that little interlude was over, Lord Thunder finally came back to the original topic.

Wang Ling silently nodded. A spirit light flashed in Lord Thunder's hand, and a suitcase with a lock on it appeared. "The lock is encrypted..."

Cautiously, Wang Ling first used his Heavenly Eye to carefully check and confirm that there were no traps on the suitcase. He had let Third Saint go back then, and although he didn't know his whereabouts, the other party had indeed kept the promise he had made upon his departure to stop working for Mo Immortal Castle. At the same time, he had also withdrawn from the Ten Saints group. Wang Ling felt that the suitcase most likely contained intelligence which Third Saint had acquired.

Wang Ling touched the lock on the case and frowned. It was made from bronze jade, and while it wasn't the hardest substance in the universe, on Earth it still ranked among the best. But that wasn't the real issue — the problem was that the lock had been encrypted by Third Saint.

Lord Thunder: "The lock is very intricately designed; it doesn't have a bolt, but it contains a 64-bit encryption array. To unlock it, you need to decode this small array. I've been looking up a lot of information over the last two days, but so far I've got nothing. I researched it for two whole days, but I can't break it. I wonder if Brother Ling has any ideas..."

Just as he finished speaking, Wang Ling stretched out his hand to pinch the lock...

Then, " click "!

The bronze jade lock directly crumbled to dust, and the suitcase popped open!

"..."

After that, Wang Ling pushed the case to Lord Thunder.

Lord Thunder: "..." This was too fucking simple and crude!

As Wang Ling had guessed, once the suitcase was open, a stack of data met their eyes. Giving it a cursory look-through, Lord Thunder realized that it was all records of backdoor business transactions between Landscape Manor and Mo Immortal Castle! If they had the opportunity to indict Mo Immortal Castle in the future, all of this would become evidence!

"I never thought that Third Saint would even be able to get his hands on their account books. This is solid evidence! We were initially worried that we wouldn't be able to find any."

While this was a pleasant surprise, Lord Thunder was still a little disappointed. This evidence wouldn't have much impact on the current situation; at most, it could only prove that Mo Immortal Castle, which was a well-known education institution in the market, was hiding a series of secret interests.

That Lord of the Castle was a very cautious person; it was possible that with time, leaked records like these found by Third Saint would eventually be covered up. For these people, money laundering was as easy as eating or drinking water.

Wang Ling stared at the suitcase for a while. Then he pushed aside the stack of information, and in the end, actually discovered an inconspicuous hidden compartment at the very bottom!

This compartment had been expanded with the Space Expansion Skill, but on the outside looked as thin as a needle... nevertheless, it still couldn't escape Wang Ling's eyes.

They could imagine that Third Saint had put in airtight protection measures to prevent this suitcase from falling into other people's hands. Even if someone else got hold of these records, they wouldn't understand it. It was very clear, however, that what was in the hidden compartment was the key!

"That's just like Brother Ling! To be able to even find this..." Lord Thunder started to feel inferior again.

Using spirit energy, he drew out the object in the hidden compartment.

Following that, a little red brocade bag came into view.





Chapter 138 I Have a Bold Idea


"It looks like this is the real information that Third Saint wanted to give us. The accounts on top of it were just for pretend." Lord Thunder suddenly got a little excited.

Whether it was him or Wang Ling, both of them had experienced Mo Immortal Castle's foolproof way of doing things. However, to err was human; even with cultivators, no matter how meticulous their thinking was, they could still make mistakes.

Lord Thunder flipped the bag and poured out its contents. Apart from a gray notebook, there was also a glass bottle filled with a black-colored liquid.

"What's this?" Lord Thunder opened the bottle and took a whiff. It had a refreshing smell similar to pipagou 1 , which instantly surprised him. "This... isn't this the legendary essential balm which can make a female broadcast host feel like she wants to die 2 ?!"

1('Pi Pa Gou' is a traditional Chinese herbal syrup for coughs.)

2(This is a reference to a well-known female live streamer Han Xiya, who once put essential balm on her private parts when a viewer said he would send her money as a gift for it. Five seconds after she applied it, she started to cry from the pain, and when she couldn't wash it off, she ended up going to the hospital. She never got the money ..) Wang Ling was already too tired to mock this man who acted like a lunatic from time to time. "..."

"This doesn't seem to be a body-refining liquid, and its ingredients are a little odd."

Under Wang Ling's dead fish gaze, the man in white finally became a little more serious. He carefully put down the glass bottle and flipped open the gray notebook next to it.

As he continued to page through it, his expression became darker and darker before he finally exclaimed, "This...! This is big news! Brother Ling!"

While Lord Thunder had been going through the notebook, Wang Ling had been reading his mind at the same time.

Then, both of them sat on the sofa in the same pose, chins cupped in their hands as they began to stare at this black potion in deep contemplation.

According to what was written in the gray notebook, this black potion was the very first in a range of strength-reinforcing drugs developed by Mo Immortal Castle and designed for cultivators who had no other way of further improving their realms; it would consume a cultivator's lifespan and cause the body to mutate and display formidable strength far beyond a person's realm!

Of course, this wasn't the most important thing.

The most critical thing was what the second half of the notebook contained; it was data on medical experiments which Mo Immortal Castle, in its guise as an education institution, was performing on their students!

Lord Thunder frowned fiercely, his eyes flashing with hatred. "Who would have thought Mo Immortal Castle would do this sort of insane thing behind the scenes! No matter what, they shouldn't harm the flowers of the motherland!"

Wang Ling also frowned, then thought of something before directly telling Lord Thunder about it telepathically. The latter nodded immediately. "Brother Ling, don't worry. I'll deliver this drug to Immortal Toya myself straightaway. Given his experience, it shouldn't be a problem for him to determine the ingredients in it."

Saying that, the man sighed deeply.

"Nowadays, those who have money depend on equipment, while those who have no money depend on mutation. I never thought that this saying would be so true..."

In that moment, Lord Thunder felt really grieved about this strength-reinforcing mutation drug. He felt that this was similar to when cultivators had once persistently held on to legacy as a last resort in their quest for instant success. For the sake of their realms, they were willing to defy the natural order of things and try unscrupulous methods. For their realms, they racked their brains for shortcuts they could take.

However, since ancient times in the cultivation world, the powerful cultivators who could rise above everyone else and receive the people's reverence had always been those who relied on their own cultivation, accumulating it a little at a time and moving forward step by step.

That was right, there were no shortcuts to immortality to begin with.

"There are no shortcuts on the cultivation path. Why are there so many people who don't get this?" Lord Thunder's heart was very tired. He had been promoting cultivation values in the cultivation forum all these years... but it was all for nothing!

...

After obtaining this lead from the silk brocade bag, Lord Thunder left the Wang family's small villa in a very depressed mood.

Before he left, he still hadn't forgotten to ask Wang Ling to personally give Grandfather Wang his broccoli.

Wang Ling didn't know what this man was planning to do next.

It was because Mo Immortal Castle wouldn't be easy to deal with... if it had just been a small, ordinary organization, given this Great Death-Courting Senior's personality, he would have erupted in fury much earlier on and would have definitely rushed over to Mo Immortal Castle straightaway, bursting with righteousness, to wreak havoc.

But looking at the current situation, they clearly didn't have enough to warrant him doing so.

Lord Thunder still didn't have concrete evidence that Mo Immortal Castle was conducting experiments on the students. It was no use just relying on a notebook — there were some things that had to be seen to be believed.

After leaving the Wang family's small villa, he called Little Black yet again. "Hello, Little Black? That's right, I have to trouble you again... I hope you can find out the addresses of several students for me. Oh, by the way, how's the restoration of the lab coming along?"

On the other end, it was obvious that Little Black was already used to being bossed around. "Well, it's not bad... except for the Armstrong Cyclone Jet Armstrong Cannon, basically almost everything else has been repaired. That... Brother Lei, last time you told me you would help me find the bastard who destroyed my lab. Are you sure about that?"

Lord Thunder nodded solemnly. "Don't worry about that, I remember it! Once you have that cannon fixed, I'll straightaway look for Ling Zhenren and we'll use advanced spiritual senses to track down the bastard! Then we'll both bring the cannon with us and blow up the bastard's house!"

Little Black: "Wouldn't that be a little too cruel?"

Lord Thunder: "Is there any point in talking with this kind of bastard? I tell you, Little Black, you're my brother! My brother's home was destroyed, I won't even let that bastard fart! When I find that person's address, I'll be the first to bring the cannon over and blow his place up! Just leave it to me!"

Little Black: "..."

Lord Thunder nodded. "Mm, so, please help me find the addresses for these students as soon as possible."

Little Black: "What information do you have? The more you have, the quicker my search will be."

This question made Lord Thunder frown, as the information given in the notebook was really limited. It only had data from the students' physical exams, such as age, height, weight and so on, along with changes in the data after the students had consumed the mutation drug. There really wasn't much of anything else.

Lord Thunder: "Uh... there's not a lot of information."

Little Black's heart thumped. "How much?"

Lord Thunder replied precisely, "Height; weight; age; bust, waist and hip measurements; and the length and thickness of their Tower of Babel... oh, that's right, there are also medical records from when they were circumcised!"

Little Black: "..."

All of a sudden, a bold idea occurred to Lord Thunder. "Maybe we can start with the men's hospital first! Perhaps there will be some clues there. Check and see if they have group circumcisions or something... if we can get into their medical records, wouldn't we be able to track down the addresses then?"

Little Black: "..."





Chapter 139 Director Li's Great Senior


It had to be said that Little Black was truly Little Black. As an excellent, world-class monkey coder, he very quickly found the whereabouts of several students mentioned in the notebook.

There were three students being treated in isolation at Songhai city's Second Cultivation Hospital. The cost of isolation treatment was extremely high, and to prevent this matter from being exposed, Mo Immortal Castle was covering all medical expenses during this period. Furthermore, they had also given the victims' families a token amount as hush money. But that couldn't hide the harm which human experiments brought to society!

The isolation treatment ward was in a separate area of Second Hospital; unless one went through hospital procedure and had the relevant authorization, even relatives who wanted to visit wouldn't be able to enter.

But Lord Thunder had his own unique technique for getting in to visit these patients.

Because when Little Black had investigated this hospital, it so happened he had found out that the director was in fact Immortal Toya's disciple, Li Miaozhen!

...

It was May 30th on Sunday in the fifth week of the semester.

It was a bit cold today, which was alright for cultivators, but ordinary people at the very least had to change out of their short sleeves into long-sleeved shirts, otherwise Songhai city's particular brand of cold would definitely make them sick.

Weather forecast temperatures dropped and rose at abrupt intervals, indicating that Songhai city had officially entered its erratic mode this month. Temperatures fluctuated — sometimes it was as sultry as deep summer, sometimes it was as cold as chilly winter. However, most of Songhai city's residents were already long used to the differences in temperature.

Because Immortal Toya had given him a call, Director Li had already been waiting for Lord Thunder early on at the front gate of Second Hospital's separate medical compound.

They had arranged to meet at about eight o'clock in the morning. Director Li was wearing a white coat with his hospital ID around his neck; underneath that was a thick vest. The cold wind that blew in from the Frozen Sea was at its most violent between eight and nine in the morning.

Standing in front of the gate, Director Li rubbed his hands together and rolled his eyes at the sky — how many times already had summer failed to come?!

While he was sighing sorrowfully in his heart, two figures appeared in the distance as they approached the separate medical compound.

It was Lord Thunder and Wang Ling.

That morning, Wang Ling had initially planned to take advantage of the time that the old man was away on holiday to reinforce his tricycle. But to his surprise, a man in white had appeared at the door of the Wang family's small villa early in the morning, a sinister smile on his face...

Lei Mouren had wanted Wang Ling to go to the hospital with him.

In exchange, he would have a friend help Wang Ling reinforce the tricycle...

Wang Ling carefully thought it over. This kind of trade actually wasn't bad for him. For one thing, he could save some money. Furthermore, he could avoid contact with other people... these days, finding a repair shop was like walking into a hairdresser's; once you entered, some directors or managers would pop up and begin to try selling their service memberships to you.

Wang Ling had always disliked this.

Hence, after thinking it over carefully, he was forcibly dragged into coming here by Lord Thunder.

When Director Li saw Lord Thunder personally pedaling a freight tricycle with a teenager sitting in the back, his expression instantly turned a little strange. He didn't wait for the tricycle to draw closer before he immediately went over to greet them as he bowed to Lei Mouren. "Hello, Senior Lei, my master has informed me of the situation." Then, he looked at Wang Ling. "And this is...?"

Lord Thunder gave it serious thought for a while, then patted Wang Ling on the shoulder before replying, "This is... our cultivation forum's boss of strength, Ling Zhenren."

Wang Ling: "..."

"This is the legendary Ling Zhenren?"

Director Li was shocked and he hurriedly bowed to Wang Ling. "I've long heard of this name Ling Zhenren from my master. I never thought that you would be so young!" This wasn't a strange remark to make. After all, there were just too many ways to maintain one's youth these days, especially for a cultivator. But to maintain an appearance as good as Wang Ling's... Director Li had to admit that this was the first time he had seen anything like it.

Wang Ling did nothing more than nod to this hospital director in greeting.

Nonetheless, Director Li seemed a little overwhelmed by it.

Guiding the two people to the the separate compound's entrance, Director Li said hello to the chief security guard. "These are my friends."

The chief security guard stuck his head outside the security box and saw a man on a tricycle with a youngster riding in the back. But the chief didn't think much of it, and directly opened the gate.

Actually, it was risky for Director Li to bring these two people in, because the hospital's higher-ups had said early on that apart from a patient's immediate family members or related medical staff, no one else was permitted entry.

But the hospital was that kind of place where, as long as you had connections, you could automatically go anywhere... when all was said and done, it was a society of connections.

"Is there a place to park?" Lord Thunder asked the chief security guard upon entering.

The chief security guard's black face was full of question marks . "???" You're on a tricycle!

But because Director Li was here, it wouldn't be good for him to say anything bad, so he pointed ahead of them. "Go straight for about one hundred meters and turn left, that'll be a parking lot."

"Thank you!" Lord Thunder gave him a fist salute before he charged straight ahead and turned to drift the tricycle into the parking lot. Finally, after looking around, he stopped between a Maybach and a Maserati.

Director Li struggled to keep up behind him. This tricycle was unexpectedly so fucking fast!

Wang Ling calmly got off and smoothed down his clothes, his heart as unruffled as the bottom of an ancient well.

After all, he was the one who had personally blessed this tricycle!

...

There were two buildings in Second Hospital's separate compound. Director Li led the two people to one which had a very imposing fountain at its entrance.

Wang Ling noted the building's distinctive black color.

Director Li stood at the entrance with his hands behind his back as he gave them a short introduction. "This is the VIP isolation building that our Second Hospital opened independently for critical patients. My great senior personally invested in its establishment. Even the reinforced concrete used in its construction was specially customized by combining it with spirit herbal paste. Staying in the building helps to greatly delay the progression of a patient's illness. We can give even terminally ill patients enough time to be treated."

When they entered the building, what caught their eye was a dazzling line-up of brocade banners and certificates with phrases like "Magic Hand,""City Advanced Unit" and so on.

A wall had been specially set up for the certificates, which were hung in a uniform pattern on it.

Most obvious of all was a portrait of an old man with a mustache displayed in the middle of these certificates. His eyes were narrowed slightly, and he had a kindly air about him.

Lord Thunder: "This is...?"

Director Li instantly looked a little excited. "This is my Great Senior Li Shizhen1 !"

1(The name Li Shizhen as used here is a homophone of the name of a distinguished Chinese medical scientist, most well-known for writing the 'Compendium of Materia Medica,' which is a meticulous and well-organized encyclopaedia of medicinal plants and herbs.) Wang Ling: "..."

"This is the man who established this building, bringing hope to countless patients!"

Director Li excitedly pointed to a plaque behind the door which Wang Ling and Lord Thunder hadn't noticed when they had first entered the building. "The plaque was personally inscribed by my great senior, and bears the name of this building!"

Wang Ling turned to take a look.

Instantly, several large golden words came into view...

Night Shift Nurses 2 !

2(Night Shift Nurses is an erotic or hentai Japanese visual novel that was made into an animated series ..) Wang Ling and Lord Thunder: "..."





Chapter 140 The Lord of the Castle Wants to Make Trouble Yet Again


Second Hospital had thirty floors in total, and treated various types of strange patients.

When they reached the elevator, a little sister nurse happened to be pushing a hospital cart out of the large elevator. When she saw Director Li, she hurriedly bowed and greeted him. "Director Li, good morning!"

Director Li had a good memory; he could recall most of the names of the nurses who worked in this hospital building, and could remember which patients they were looking after.

"Little Liu, how is the patient's situation today?" he asked.

The patient whom Nurse Liu was looking after was very special. Speaking of him, the little sister nurse's willow eyebrows pulled down and she looked very frustrated. "Same as usual, the patient keeps spouting nonsense about how he is a time traveler and claims that he has a superpower!"

Lord Thunder: "What superpower?"

"I'll show you..."

After saying that, Nurse Liu immediately jumped left and right and roared loudly, " Whoosh !"

Director Li: "..."

After this shameful performance, Nurse Liu swiftly regained her composure and drew in a deep breath. "That patient keeps saying he can teleport in an instant."

Lord Thunder: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

"As you can see, we have a lot of strange patients here. Over the last few years, Huaguo Water Curtain Group has also given us a substantial investment to establish a research office for hard-to-treat cases... but most unfortunately, we haven't been able to find any effective cures for these illnesses yet." Director Li sighed.

They followed Director Li into the elevator, and he pressed the button for the eighteenth floor. "The wards in this building are arranged by the complexity of a patient's condition. The more difficult the illness is to treat, the higher the floor."

"How are these three kids?"

When Lord Thunder saw that they were going to the eighteenth floor, his heart couldn't help quaking.

It was already the eighteenth floor... then what the hell kind of mental cases lived on the thirtieth floor?!

The state of health of patients in the separate compound was basically confidential information, but Director Li had still managed to learn some things through his connections. He was frowning as the elevator went up. "As far as I know, the situation is basically under control for two of the three children, but just barely; there's a possibility that things can still get out of hand at any time. The remaining child is in a worse condition."

"Does the hospital know what the ingredients in the mutation potion are?" Lord Thunder asked.

"They signed confidentiality agreements with the families and gave them substantial compensation. They wouldn't even give us the ingredients for the drug, and completely left it to us to treat them with our own methods."

Director Li shook his head. "According to current treatment results, that potion not only affected their cell structures, it also seems to have ravaged their minds... you'll see what I mean when we reach the ward..."

Some seconds later, the elevator reached the corresponding floor, and Director Li led them through a long corridor to the innermost ward. The ward was very large, and held three beds which were separated from each other by glass partitions.

Wang Ling immediately saw three boys around his age. One sat on his bed clapping non-stop; one was lying completely motionless on the bed, as straight as a pole; and the third boy was simply lying on his stomach on the floor, in the arms of Mother Earth.

Wang Ling felt that his horizons had been expanded... there was a saying that mentally ill people were broad in their thinking, and this was so true. He was stunned to find that his Mind-Reading Ability was completely useless on these three people, just like when the old man had had dementia previously.

Director Li pointed to the first patient who was clapping his hands. "Patient One, after taking the mutation potion, always thinks that he can summon the Heavenly Flame."

Lord Thunder asked doubtfully, "Then why is he clapping his hands?"

Director Li: "He's imitating the Angry Buddha Fire Lotus."

Wang Ling and Lord Thunder: "..."

"Don't be fooled, currently the situation can already be considered under control since he's just clapping. Before, every time he clapped his hands, he would yell 'Angry Buddha Fire Lotus'... so, we've defined his illness as acute chuuni 1 syndrome."

1(In case you need the reminder, 'chuuni' is short for the Japanese term 'chuunibyou,' which translates to 'second year of middle school sickness,' and describes teenagers going through a phase where they try to act cool or edgy.) Wang Ling: "..."

Director Li pointed to the second patient. "For Patient Two, the powerful side effects of the mutation potion completely stripped him of his autonomous abilities."

Lord Thunder: "Like people in a vegetative state?"

Director Li nodded. "You could call it a conscious vegetative state. He can eat, but food has to be put into his mouth. The worst was when he no longer even bothered to chew. So since then, we've switched to transfusions to provide his body with nutrients. We've defined his illness as chronic geyou 2 paralyzed salted-fish syndrome."

2(Ge You is an actor who starred in a TV comedy sitcom called 'I Loved My Family.' A screencap of a scene where he's slouching down on a sofa low enough that he's almost lying flat became a Chinese online viral meme ..) Wang Ling: "..."

After that, Director Li pointed to the last patient. "Among the three of them, the mutation might be considered a success in Patient Three, but his abilities are very weak."

Lord Thunder: "Why is he lying face down?"

Director Li's expression was calm. "He's imitating Spiderman."

Wang Ling and Lord Thunder: "..."

...

Not long after Wang Ling and Lord Thunder had followed Director Li into the Night Shift Nurses building, the window of a Maybach in the parking lot slowly rolled down; the person sitting in the driver's seat was Song Qingshu's tall subordinate.

He had watched them enter the building before immediately calling Song Qingshu to report the situation. "Lord Director, you guessed right. The matter has indeed drawn attention..."

Song Qingshu sighed quietly. Sure enough, it had been a good move to send someone to monitor the situation!

"What are we going to do now?" asked the tall man in a suit.

"The Lord has expressly said that no outsiders can ever find out about the potion. After Third Saint's betrayal, the Lord has always been worried that this person would move against us. I never expected it to happen so soon!" Song Qingshu's words were neither hurried nor slow. "We currently have two options. We can either get rid of the three students or get rid of these visitors."

The man in a suit was obviously stupefied. "...Lord Director, with all due respect, it seems almost impossible to kill these two people..."

"Although our strength is not what it once was, there are still seven people left in the Ten Saints. Is there any issue that can't be handled by seven Soul Formation cultivators? It's just two people, right?"

Man in a suit: "But of these two people... one is Great Death-Courting Senior."

"..."

Song Qingshu wanted to curse. Motherfucker! Why is it him again?!

Forcing himself to calm down, he drew in a deep breath. "Then... who is the other person?"

"It's a youngster... he's always with Great Death-Courting Senior, and they drove here together! But Great Death-Courting Senior seems to respect him very much," the man in a suit replied honestly.

A youngster who came together with Lord Thunder?

Since the last time when they'd lost the two top generals Great Saint and Second Saint, the word "youngster" had already cast a deep psychological shadow in Song Qingshu's heart... don't tell him it was the one who had been at Lord Thunder's villa back then?

As he considered this, his hands shook of their own accord.

Was he actually scared?





Chapter 141 There Are Times When Being Bald Won't Help You Get Stronger


Director Li entrusted the nurse in charge of this floor with the task of fetching them detailed information on the three students.

All three of them were students from Foundation Establishment high schools. Furthermore, they were coincidentally all from Peiyuan district. One was from Jiancai High School, one from Shenye High School, and the third from Number 59 High School.

When Wang Ling saw this piece of information, his eyelids couldn't help twitching.

After all, Number 59 High School had left him with plenty of "unforgettable" memories back then...

Xie Hui?

Looking at the information, Wang Ling wasn't able to place the face from the name alone.

He lifted his eyes and started to carefully size up this teenager lying prone on the floor and learning to shoot out spider webs... the more he looked, the more he felt this guy looked familiar!

In a split second, Wang Ling used the memory retrieval effect of the Great Memory Spell to finally recall the identity of that "Spiderman" teenager — this was delinquent senior He Buliang's shamate underling!

The reason why Wang Ling hadn't recognized him at first glance was that the other party had shaved off his colorful shamate hair! Now he was a true baldie!

"..." Looking at the current Xie Hui, Wang Ling sighed deeply in his heart. There were times when being bald really couldn't make you stronger... even if you ran and did push-ups every day and didn't have air-conditioning in summer, it was useless 1 !

1(This is a reference to the Japanese comic and cartoon series One Punch Man. After intensive training, the protagonist becomes the strongest person in the world, but at the cost of all his hair.) "Does Brother Ling know this teenager?" Lord Thunder felt that Wang Ling's expression was a little different when he looked at this Xie Hui. Minute changes in his expression were actually easy to pick up because he usually had a poker face, so when there was the slightest ripple in it, you could tell.

After serious consideration, Wang Ling nodded noncommittally.

He didn't think he had any feelings for Number 59 High School, or felt any friendship for it.

However, no matter what, he couldn't deny that it was a place that held memories for him...

He stared at Xie Hui on the floor, frowning slightly. Then, with a flick of his fingers, the three teenagers in the ward unexpectedly all fell deeply asleep. Xie Hui, who had been on the floor crazily trying to learn how to shoot out webs like Spiderman, had already collapsed and was snoring away. After that, Wang Ling used a Gravitation Spell to lift Xie Hui onto the bed before he heaved a sigh.

This was the calamity which these three people were destined to experience; whatever the result was, Wang Ling couldn't interfere.

The only thing he could do was just this.

To recklessly meddle with heavenly law was to invite its wrath.

Wang Ling felt very tired. He was just a sixteen-year-old high school student!

"They actually calmed down..." Director Li was startled when he saw this. He knew it had to be this Ling Zhenren wielding his remarkable abilities!

"Brother Ling's Hibernation Spell can make those under its influence fall fast asleep for seven days; they won't wake up even if the sky falls down." Lord Thunder was very familiar with this trick because he had seen Wang Ling cast it when they had met several years ago. At that time, however, Wang Ling hadn't been able to cast it accurately yet, and with a wave of his hand, he had made a large number of living creatures lethargic and drowsy.

Director Li's realm wasn't high, so he revered both Lord Thunder and Wang Ling from the bottom of his heart.

After all, a lot of hospital patients couldn't sleep because they were tormented by pain. Ordinary people could take a sleeping pill or a sedative shot to solve the problem, but with cultivators, most of them had bodies that were resistant to common drugs.

It would be wonderful if I can learn this Hibernation Spell! Then mother never has to worry about my studies 2 !

2(This line is from a Chinese TV ad for an electronic device produced under BBK Electronics which helps teach children how to read.) But Director Li clearly knew that this was just a pipe dream... he probably wouldn't ever be able to learn this type of remarkable ability in his whole life.

Therefore, after Wang Ling had cast the spell, Director Li's eyes glowed as his reverence for this Ling Zhenren instantly came flooding out like a wild, non-stop deluge.

While Director Li was sighing with feeling, he received a message, which just happened to be from his shifu Immortal Toya.

After reading it, he couldn't help frowning.

Lord Thunder: "What is it?"

Director Li looked very worried. " Shifu says that the ingredients in the drug are very unique. This is more troublesome than he had expected. Even after a while he still hasn't been able to determine what they are."

As he said this, Immortal Toya sent another message. This time, it was a picture of a laboratory report.

"Even Brother Toya is stumped?"

Lord Thunder instantly felt this was strange, because nowadays, except for the presidium of pharmacists employed by Huaguo Water Curtain Group and pharmacists from the Xiao clan, he really couldn't think of anyone else who could be stronger than Immortal Toya when it came to the manufacturing of medicine.

This was a brand new clue for him.

It was well worth investigating whether there were people from Huaguo Water Curtain Group or the Xiao clan colluding with Mo Immortal Castle.

"We can only wait for shifu's next message, but with these preliminary test results, we can still analyze the medicinal properties of the mutation potion."

After saying this, Director Li suddenly thought of something, then spoke to Wang Ling. "I wonder... would Ling Zhenren be able to cast the Hibernation Spell on a patient on the thirtieth floor?"

"What is he suffering from?" Lord Thunder was really curious about the lunatic on the thirtieth floor.

"He suffers serious paranoia and schizophrenia, and his innate resistance to drugs is extremely high. We've tried all kinds of treatments, but there has been little to no effect." Director Li sighed. "The main issue is that this patient insists that he is the descendant of the Desolation Heavenly Emperor 3 ..."

3(The 'Desolation Heavenly Emperor' is the nickname of the main character in the Chinese web novel 'Perfect World.') Lord Thunder: "..."

"When we walked in, did you see the fountain downstairs? That's the most troublesome!"

Speaking of this, Director Li's head started to hurt. "That patient insists that he is capable of the Kunpeng Technique 4 , and is determined to jump from the thirtieth floor into the fountain..."

4(The kunpeng technique is an inherited martial arts technique from 'Perfect World.') "Why?"

Director Li: "He thinks... that fountain is dayuhaitang 5 ."

5('Da Yu Hai Tang' as it is used here is a homophone for the Chinese animated fantasy film 'Big Fish & Begonia.' The film opens with the female protagonist being transported through a portal of water ..) Wang Ling and Lord Thunder: "..."

...

At the same time, on the ground floor of the hospital building, the man in a suit and Song Qingshu were still in communication with each other.

In the last few minutes, after thinking hard for a very long time, Song Qingshu had made a difficult decision. "How about this, go look for someone... or you can do it yourself; go smash the car which they drove over. No matter what the situation is, or however much information they have, we must spoil their plans first! At the most we'll just pay for their wrecked car. How much can a car cost?"

The man in a suit stared at the "car" which Lord Thunder and Wang Ling had rode over, and silently wiped his sweat. "Lord Director, are you sure you want to do this?"

Song Qingshu curled his lip. "Just do as as I say! Why are you blabbering so much?! You won't be the one paying! Having said that... I want to know, what car does this Great Death-Courting Senior drive? A limited edition Aoguanhai? A limited edition Chuanjianguo?"

"Uh, neither..."

"Neither???"

Cultivators seldom drove cars, and most chose to fly on their swords; however, it wasn't strange to own a car because on many occasions, driving a car could make one appear more classy.

Hence, the cars bought by cultivators with high realms were generally all very expensive.

Now Song Qingshu was really curious. "Then what car did they drive?"

"Tricycle..." the man in a suit answered truthfully.

Song Qingshu: "..."





Chapter 142 The Most Powerful Means of Transportation on Earth


The tall man in a suit finally listened to Song Qingshu's instructions and got out of the car.

He held a hammer in one hand.

At the same time, there was a functional type armor-penetrating talisman in his other hand.

He really didn't know why Great Death-Courting Senior this cultivation grandmaster would ride a tricycle to the hospital... the man in a suit felt that he wasn't intelligent enough to fully understand how Great Death-Courting Senior's mind worked; they weren't on the same level at all whether in terms of realm or their way of thinking.

"Three supreme Taoist gods; Taoist ways are unpredictable 1 !" The man in a suit walked up to the slightly decrepit tricycle. He raised his hand as if it were a sword, and with a light shout, he swiftly stuck the armor-penetrating talisman onto the hammer.

1(This is adapted from something Liu "PDD" Mou, a former League of Legends professional player, jokingly said in a Bilibili video.) Ding! In a flash, the power of the spirit talisman flooded out and the hammer suddenly became larger as it was wrapped in a golden sheen. This was originally an ordinary hammer, but after being reinforced magically by the armor-penetrating talisman, it was as mighty as a spirit weapon.

Satisfied, the man in a suit holding the hammer sneered. One blow from this, and the rundown little cart would be smashed into iron sheets!

But just as he was about to mess up Wang Ling's little tricycle even more, he heard a young girl's voice. "What are you going to do to me?"

Very quickly, horror sprung up in his heart!

Because he realized that the voice seemed to be coming from the tricycle... bloody hell! This rundown tricycle can actually talk?

The man in a suit broke out in a cold sweat as he stared woodenly at this little gray and black tricycle; the paint was already peeling off, and there was rust on its handlebars. It was altogether nothing special to look at... but the man in a suit realized he had made a mistake — he should have known that any transportation vehicle that Great Death-Courting Senior used would definitely be out of the ordinary!

"I advise that you don't have delusions about me."

At that very moment, the cute, girly voice rang out again from the tricycle, and the man in a suit man collected his thoughts.

Wasn't this voice... too soft and cute?! As if it was... a lolita's voice.

He really could never have imagined that such a voice could come out of this little rundown tricycle. The critical thing was that because it was too sweet and too pleasant-sounding, he couldn't sense any lethal intent at all.

Maybe it was just an invisible navigation system which Great Death-Courting Senior had set up? As a bluff?

While he was making guesses, he also became deeply conflicted about whether to smash the tricycle or not.

After a moment's deliberation, he narrowed his eyes and finally raised the hammer — a man should be decisive! The outcome would be decided with one blow!

Bang!

The reinforced hammer smashed down onto the tricycle's head with a powerful boom, but only created a string of sparks.

The man in a suit was shocked as he realized that there was an invisible shield on this tricycle!

Conversely, the counterforce threw his entire body backward to crash heavily into a black limousine behind him. The huge impact directly triggered the limousine's anti-theft function and its alarm started to blare.

"Damn it..."

The man in a suit shook off his dizziness before getting up from the ground. This sudden backlash had been so powerful that it had numbed his hukou 2 , robbing him of a good opportunity to destroy the tricycle with the hammer.

2(The hukou is the acupuncture point between the thumb and the forefinger ..) "I'm so cute, but you actually still hit me... as expected, you don't have a girlfriend, right?" The tricycle's cute, girly voice sounded again.

This time, the man in a suit shuddered violently. What the hell kind of evil spirit was this?

The car's alarm behind him had drawn the attention of the security guards patrolling the surrounding area. He heaved himself to this feet with great effort and then hurried to get into his car. Struggling with the piercing pain in his skull, he stepped on the accelerator and swiftly fled the scene.

Right now, he couldn't focus on so many things... he didn't even have time to think about what the hell was up with that tricycle.

The only thing he could think of was how badly his head hurt! He suspected that the backlash just now might have given him a concussion.

What a joke!

At the very least, he was at the Golden Core stage!

To suffer a concussion because of backlash from a rundown tricycle... who would believe it?

He sped for the hospital gate and didn't even stop to pay the parking fee; with a " bang ," he directly hit the boom barrier and rushed out.

The chief security guard was frightened badly by this sudden event, and so angry that he banged his table and jumped to his feet. There was a saying that the more money someone had, the stingier they were! That was indeed true! The son of a bitch was driving a Maybach, but he didn't even stop to pay the parking fee!

However, what made the chief security guard even more terrified was that as he watched the Maybach zoom out of the hospital compound...

A tricycle followed behind it at a meteoric speed...

— And there was no one fucking driving it!

...

On Baohua Road in front of Second Hospital, the man in a suit zoomed onto the motorway.

After a few calm minutes, he felt that the pain in his head had subsided quite a bit — however, it was very clear that he hadn't sensed how serious his situation was.

He glanced at his rearview mirror.

And instantly his face was leached of all color.

Fuck! That tricycle was actually chasing him! — Was this cart made on Cybertron?!

Vroom! The engine roared, and the man in a suit accelerated, but the tricycle behind him was still in close pursuit.

In this way, a Maybach and a tricycle performed The Fast And The Furious on the motorway.

The man in a suit realized that when he sped up, the tricycle also accelerated...

His Maybach was almost at its maximum speed — three hundred kilometers an hour!

The most frightening thing was that the tricycle could clearly still go faster than that. The distance between them was gradually closing!

Not far away, a traffic police captain was leaning idly against a parked police car as he pulled out a new speed camera from his pocket... Swish! Swish! Two meteorites instantly streaked past in front of him!

Bang!

The captain was stunned when he realized that the speed camera in his hand had exploded!

"Fuck! Drag racing early in the morning? Want to die?!"

The traffic police captain shouted after the two passing meteorites and quickly took out his intercom. "Attention all units! There are two cars racing on Hu An Highway at speeds which exceed the maximum limit! Intercept them without delay!"

Very quickly, news came over the intercom in reply. "Reporting, Captain! The cars are too fast to be intercepted!"

"Can you clearly see the model? Inform the city bureau that we want the traffic camera footage so that we can check their license plates!"

"The first is a Maybach... the other one..." Just then, several traffic police officers on the other end of the intercom started yelling. "Fuck! Captain, it's a tricycle! A tricycle is chasing the Maybach!!"

"..."

"Reporting, Captain! The tricycle has passed the car!"

"..."





Chapter 143 Do You Know Who the Owner Is?


After obtaining some information from Second Hospital, Lord Thunder and Wang Ling went back down with Director Li. Lord Thunder frowned deeply; he hadn't been able to relax since entering the hospital building.

"Director Li, please take good care of these three kids. I, Lei Mouren, will definitely investigate this thoroughly."

"Senior Immortal, rest assured. Even if you didn't ask me to, I'll do my utmost. This bunch of profiteers producing three-no-goods 1 is too hateful!"

1(Three-no-goods 三无产品 are products that lack a manufacturer's name or address, a production date, or quality certification ..) Director Li nodded. He knew it would not be an easy matter to investigate, because the other party had very broad financial resources. From the first moment that the three students had developed unusual symptoms, the other party had settled it privately, giving each family compensation which they couldn't refuse.

But both Director Li and Lord Thunder felt that the compensation couldn't be used as a reason for preventing the truth from being exposed. These Foundation Establishment students, who were the hope for the future of the nation, had actually been treated like lab rats in human experiments... currently, the issue only seemed to be three students on the surface, but it was really too horrible to contemplate how much darkness there was behind the scenes.

When they reached the hospital building's entrance, Director Li bowed. "Please be very careful, Senior, the forces behind this group of people are very powerful... my master knows you're investigating this on your own, so he's very worried. If you need any help, you can speak up in the group. If everyone works together, there will definitely be no problems!"

"Did Brother Toya say that?" asked Lord Thunder.

"That's right! These are my master's words!" Director Li answered.

"Tell Brother Toya not to worry. If I really can't deal with this matter, I'll definitely ask for help." Lord Thunder smiled. "In fact, I'm very thick-skinned."

"Do your best, Senior!"

Director Li nodded, then bowed at the entrance. "I still have something I need to deal with back inside, so I'll leave you here!"

Lord Thunder nodded. "Mm, go ahead, Director Li. Feel free to contact me if there are any new developments from the drug test."

...

As they left the hospital, Lord Thunder kept sighing.

After their probing this time, he felt that perhaps the children hadn't meant to drink the potion, and had very likely been deceived. These days, it was too easy for those man-eating, black-hearted education institutions to sell their so-called brain-boosting products during tuition lessons.

In the end, the unlucky and pitiful ones were these oblivious young children...

Wang Ling had originally intended to leave this incident to this forum owner, but it was very apparent that the owner himself was deeply troubled by these subsequent events. Since knowing Lord Thunder, he had never seen the other man wear such a depressed expression before.

Mo Immortal Castle this organization was too mysterious and too fond of stirring up trouble... Lord Thunder couldn't handle the problem by just relying on his experiences and sense of righteousness anymore.

Wang Ling felt that the Mo Immortal Castle issue was now already a matter of great urgency.

And the most critical thing was that the organization had already impinged on his own easy life both overtly and covertly.

...

Back in the parking lot of the hospital building, Wang Ling discovered traces of a fight.

A spirit talisman that had been used up would leave behind a unique smell that other people wouldn't be able to detect, but his sense of smell was very sensitive.

His pupils dilated and the scene in front of him began to rewind. The Heavenly Eye had a flashback ability which allowed Wang Ling to find out what happened in the last half an hour, though not more than that.

Wang Ling sent the images to Lord Thunder's mind, and the man was shocked. "Bloody hell! Brother Ling, your tricycle can speak?"

Uh... that didn't seem to be the main point.

The main point was, who was that man in a suit in the Maybach? Why did he want to smash the tricycle with a hammer? In the end, he was sent flying...

Lord Thunder's expression began to change as he carefully scrutinized the flashback images Wang Ling sent to him. Finally, his eyes suddenly widened. He remembered! He had seen that man before! This was the man from Mo Immortal Castle! The supervisor's subordinate!

"Are we being watched?"

Lord Thunder clenched his fists in fury. Was there really no place that this bunch of cretins couldn't get into? Were they eels?

From a distance, the chief security guard had seen them appear, and he hurried over and pointed to the small tricycle. "Sirs, this cart is yours, right? When you weren't around, this tricycle actually chased after a Maybach... I don't know how, but it came back by itself just now."

Lord Thunder: "..."

Listening to the chief security guard, Lord Thunder felt that he was still too naive! He had thought that this tricycle was just an ordinary transportation vehicle... did Brother Ling enlighten this thing?

"..."

Bingo! Congratulations!

The chief security guard said helplessly, "Even if you are Director Li's friends, this tricycle and the Maybach which fled did affect other vehicles in our parking lot... sirs, how should we handle this?"

At that moment, a burly man wearing sunglasses came over. From the Heavenly Eye's flashback of images, both Wang Ling and Lord Thunder immediately knew that this was the owner of the car which that man in a suit had flown into.

"Was it the two of you who damaged my car?" The man in sunglasses asked.

"You can't say that... your car was damaged by that Maybach man. How can you blame us?" Lord Thunder gave the man's black supercar a look... a limited edition Bugatti! The car's headlights had both been smashed in by that fucking idiot from Mo Immortal Castle!

To fix these two big headlights would cost at least one hundred thousand yuan! How many crispy noodle snacks is that?!

Wang Ling thought that he and Lord Thunder were very similar in one aspect — they were very thrifty. As they wandered through life, they absolutely wouldn't spend unnecessarily.

"I don't care. That Maybach man has run away and I can't catch up to him. But you are also indirectly responsible!" The man in sunglasses crossed his arms, and his biceps bulged to strain against his white shirt. "In fact, I'm not the owner, I'm just the driver... do you know whose car this is? If I tell you, it'll scare you to death!"

"Oh? Scare me to death?" Lord Thunder felt that was hilarious.

"Do you know Secretary Sun of the Alliance of Ten Thousand Schools? One of the ten founding generals from back then!" The man in sunglasses sneered slightly. "My master is Number 60 High School's legend who reached the Golden Core stage at a young age."

Hearing this, Wang Ling already had a bad feeling...

"He is the big name who recently prevented two Shadow Stream assassinations through his acute insight... he is now Secretary Sun's favorite, the youngest Director of the General Administration of 100 Schools in history — Zhuo Yi! Are you afraid now?!"

"..."

At that very moment, Wang Ling's expression wasn't just disturbed, he even wanted to laugh a little.





Chapter 144 The Obsessiveness of a Scapegoat!


Zhuo Yi had never imagined that he would meet Wang Ling here. After he had received a phone call from his subordinate, he had gone down right away.

"Mr Zhuo, these are the two men who damaged your car and refuse to pay for it. Don't you think they're going too far? Do you want me to call the law..." The man in sunglasses was about to ask whether he should call the lawyer, but before he could finish speaking, he realized that Zhuo Yi's eyes were shooting daggers at him.

This scenario was a tad off!

A few drops of sweat rolled down the face of the man in sunglasses. "..."

"Do you know who this person is?" Zhuo Yi pointed at Wang Ling. "He is myshifu ! So what if shifu damaged it? He just gave it a love tap!"

The man in sunglasses: "..."

Lord Thunder: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

Face full of excitement, Zhuo Yi went forward and held Wang Ling's hands. "Shifu , this disciple has been hoping day and night, and finally I get to see you!"

Wang Ling knew he was being thoroughly coerced by Zhuo Yi. There were plenty of old ladies who committed pengci these days, but for Zhuo Yi to pengci him into becoming his shifu was truly novel and gracefully done.

Wang Ling had heard a story not long ago about a little girl who had bumped into an old lady on her way to school. The girl had kindly helped her up, but the old lady had stubbornly insisted that the little girl compensate her... at that moment, the little girl had calmly stood up, slapped the old lady and said, "I'm underage, anyway!" before she left...

At this moment, Wang Ling in fact really wanted to emulate the little girl.

Hm... he was only sixteen years old, so technically he was also underage!

However, this guy would definitely die with one slap from him.

"I've long heard of Mr Zhuo, but I never thought you would actually be Brother Ling's disciple." Lord Thunder clasped his fists in salute as he tried to defuse the awkwardness of the situation.

"This senior is..."

"I am Lei Mouren, my Tao name is Lord Thunder." Lord Thunder clasped his fists in greeting at Zhuo Yi.

"Senior is Lord Thunder!" Zhuo Yi was instantly excited. This was the legendary Great Death-Courting Senior! If it hadn't been for the current situation, Zhuo Yi would have knelt to worship this boss...

"I've heard so much about Senior Immortal, I never thought I would meet you here today."

Lord Thunder rubbed his head a little self-consciously. "Am I so well-known? Where did Mr Zhuo hear of me?"

Zhuo Yi thought for a bit, then immediately answered, " Cultivation Story-telling Session , Bosom Friend of Five Hundred Years 1 !"

1(These are adapted from the titles of popular Chinese magazines.) Lord Thunder: "..."

Lord Thunder: "Why is Mr Zhuo here today?"

At this, Zhuo Yi looked around cautiously, then pointed at Number 2 Hospital Building next to "Nightshift Nurses" and said in a very low voice, "I'm here on behalf of our General Administration of 100 Schools to visit an old leader: the former chief of the Cultivation Police, Old Chief Chen."

Then he pointed to his own head and shook it.

Lord Thunder: "Is there something wrong with his brain?"

Zhuo Yi and the man in sunglasses: "..."

Zhuo Yi: "...It's dementia."

Wang Ling raised his eyelids slightly; not long ago, the old man's dementia had been treated with much difficulty, and he had never expected to encounter another case today. Sure enough, mental illness was truly a difficult problem for both cultivators and ordinary people! The fact of the matter was that it just couldn't be cured with medicine...

Lord Thunder gave Number 2 Hospital Building a look and frowned deeply. "I've met this Old Chief Chen before. Two years ago, in a move to uphold the rights of the laborers at Wind Factory 2 , he stormed the factory alone and flipped a dozen or so excavators over."

2(The Wind Factory is taken from the Chinese TV series 'In the Name of the People.') Wang Ling: "..."

"I've always felt that Old Chief Chen and I actually have quite similar temperaments," Lord Thunder said. "I'll ask Brother Toya later if he has any special treatment methods you could try."

Hearing this, Zhuo Yi immediately bowed. "On behalf of Old Chief Chen, I thank Senior Immortal for your help!"

"Don't worry about it, it's not a big deal." Lord Thunder smiled slightly.

Today, Zhuo Yi felt that his luck was through the roof. He had unexpectedly met the two seniors whom he had admired for a long time all at once. However, he also realized that when these two great living beings were actually standing in front of him, he didn't have the courage to even open his mouth and ask for their WeChat IDs!

I've only just met them, I can't make a fuss about wanting to add them on WeChat...

What if seniors think I'm being disrespectful and I give them a bad impression?

What if seniors refuse my request, how embarrassing would that be?

What if seniors don't use WeChat, then wouldn't this be too impudent?

What if...

Zhuo Yi struggled in his heart for an instant.

At that moment, the sound of sirens could be heard outside the hospital, and four police cars drove into the parking lot to immediately surround them.

The chief security guard knew Zhuo Yi's identity, so he pushed through a gap to approach Zhuo Yi and explain the current situation to him.

It was still about the matter of the little tricycle chasing the Maybach.

The chief security guard heard that the tricycle had flown past the Maybach on the motorway at a super fast speed... the traffic police team had then checked traffic camera footage before tracking the tricycle down here.

"It looks like they have a bone to pick with us, Brother Ling."

Lord Thunder's eyes were as calm as water. A mere handful of police officers couldn't scare him at all!

Though he wasn't afraid, the incident was indeed very troublesome.

In a lawful cultivation society, not everything could be settled with just one's realm. When it came to the violation of traffic rules, whether it was immortal swords or cars, even Soul Formation cultivators would still get demerits, and the ones who should go to jail went to jail... Lord Thunder was very famous in online cultivation circles, but that wouldn't move these police uncles.

Wang Ling was also feeling very jittery.

"Sheep," the little tricycle, was like a small child, and her temperament was a little volatile. Sometimes when she was being naughty, she couldn't be controlled at all.

Looking at this bunch of traffic police officers yelling at them, Wang Ling was instantly a little anxious.

In contrast, next to them, Zhuo Yi's eyes lit up! — The opportunity to showcase himself had come!

Zhuo Yi asked, "Are shifu and senior worried about this incident?"

Lord Thunder: "Can you handle it?"

Zhuo Yi gave them a thumbs-up: "It's just a bunch of police uncles! It's a piece of cake! Watch my performance, senior!"

Just then, the traffic police captain who had been on the motorway had already gotten out of the police car, and with an aggressive " pa ," he slammed the door shut.

With a few police officers trailing behind him, he immediately found the tricycle suspected of speeding, then swept his gaze over the people around him. "Whose cart is this?"

Under Zhuo Yi's stare, the man in sunglasses completely didn't dare to speak. "..."

"It's mine!"

Then, in the next moment, Zhuo Yi held his head high and stepped forward!

At that moment, both Wang Ling and Lord Thunder could sense the brilliant divine light which radiated from Zhuo Yi's being!

Not only could he carry a white wok, he could also carry a black wok...

Wang Ling thought that this was probably the obsessiveness of a scapegoat 3 ...

3(背锅侠 literally translates into 'a knight who carries a black wok on his back.' While we've translated it as 'scapegoat' here, the phrase in Chinese tends to be used in a more humorous than negative way to describe someone who 'heroically' takes the blame for something.)





Chapter 145 Ling Zhenren's 'Mwah Mwah'


The conclusion to this incident was that Zhuo Yi was of course allowed to withdraw completely.

The first chair 1 of Songhai city's General Administration of 100 Schools, and the official promoted by Secretary Sun Dakang himself — no matter who you were, you had to weigh this issue. The traffic police captain hadn't expected to encounter such a big name here, and he instantly broke out in a cold sweat and even stuttered as he spoke. His aggressive attitude from before had immediately deflated, like a damaged balloon leaking air.

1(The term 'first chair' in Chinese has a similar meaning to how the term is used in an orchestra to describe a distinguished lead position which is held by a highly competent player.) "Do you know me?" Zhuo Yi smiled insincerely as he looked at the traffic police captain.

At his question, the captain came back to his senses. "I didn't expect... Director Zhuo to be here!"

All the police officers behind him didn't dare say anything. "..."

"Then this tricycle...?" asked Zhuo Yi.

The captain immediately shook his head tactfully. "Don't worry, Director Zhuo! Since this tricycle is Director Zhuo's... we won't impound it."

"Then my tricycle broke traffic rules, will I still get demerits?" Zhuo Yi asked again.

The captain sweated a little. "There was no one riding the tricycle, Director Zhuo is not to be blamed for it, so please don't worry..."

"Then... a fine?" Zhuo Yi asked once again.

The captain immediately shook his head like a rattle-drum. "No demerits, no fine, don't worry, Director Zhuo..."

Goddamn, how dare he!

Watching from the side, Wang Ling and Lord Thunder criticized the current cultivation bureaucracy's deplorable style in their hearts. Who knew that in the next moment, Zhuo Yi gripped the captain's shoulder and gave the police number on the right side of his chest a look. "PC12138?"

"Director Zhuo, what's wrong..."

Zhuo Yi looked righteously at the traffic police captain, shaking his head. "Comrade Captain, I feel that I have to reprimand you! As a traffic police captain, how can you bend the law? I was testing you earlier... you've truly disappointed me!"

The captain and the police officers behind him all lifted their heads, bewildered expressions on their faces. "..."

"As an administrator and a cultivation law enforcer, you already couldn't pass this small test, how can you handle large matters in the future? Do you think your superiors will be able to trust you?" Zhuo Yi stared gravely at the captain as he rebuked him. The captain's forehead was already drenched with sweat.

Following that, Zhuo Yi pointed to Number 2 Hospital Building. "Do you know which old leader I came to visit today? It's the former chief of the Cultivation Police, Old Man Chen Yanshi! Before he was hospitalized, he was still serving the people heart and soul, and worked hard for fairness and justice! Old Chen has seen what you've done today!"

The captain and the police officers behind him all stood stiffly as they received Zhuo Yi's personal "teaching," not daring to utter even a single word.

When he heard this, the captain's shoulders shook and he lowered his head. "Director Zhuo is right... I'm very ashamed, it's all my fault."

Zhuo Yi nodded. "So, give demerits when you should give demerits, and fine when you should fine! Remember, you shouldn't be afraid of someone just because he is your leader, do you understand?"

The captain straightened and saluted Zhuo Yi. "Yes, leader!"

Zhuo Yi nodded with satisfaction, then finally added, "Mm, you can give me the demerits and a ticket fine... by the by, leave the tricycle here, and give me a smaller demerit and fine."

The police officers: "..."

The captain was silent for a bit, then nodded weakly. "...Alright, leader."

Watching this scene, both Wang Ling and Lord Thunder sucked in deep breaths.

It could only be said that Zhuo Yi was already no longer the Zhuo Yi who didn't know anything. Since being promoted to the position of director, he had come into contact with a lot more people of different types; the most obvious change was his exceptionally slick and sly routine...

...

There were some online guru novelists who had ongoing "fluid" plots, and who never remembered the holes which they had left. They would then directly use a fight at the end of the story; with the final villian's defeat, the story was considered finished. The specific term for this kind of writing style was "instantly bulldozing over the holes"; to summarize it in two simple words... this was the legendary "bad ending."

Father Wang was a typical Virgo; he wanted to make sure his story ending was perfect! There was no way he would let the readers catch him with his pants down!

Wang Ling went back to his room. Somewhat bored, he logged onto QQ, and discovered that the cultivation chat group was pretty lively today.

The main reason was that on the way home, Lord Thunder had revealed the matter of Wang Ling "accepting a disciple."

Instantly, the deathly silent chat group had become very active in the last few hours.

The manager, Cailian Zhenren, sent a surprised emoji. "Ling Zhenren actually has a disciple? What does that person look like? Are they strong or not? Are they uniquely talented, mighty and awesome?"

Lord Thunder replied quickly, "He seems to have only reached the Golden Core stage so far, but he's excellent at getting things done. Maybe that's why Ling Zhenren accepted him as a disciple? Hm... also, his face is very fair, and he's very shou ."

There was a dead silence in the group for several seconds.

Bulang Blade Immortal jumped out immediately. "Damn! So, the conditions for Ling Zhenren to accept a disciple is that they have to be very fair and shou ?"

Cailian Zhenren couldn't help but mock. "What use is it to be very fair and shou these days? The most important thing is to freestyle!"

Lord Thunder: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

The group was chatting happily when "Nine Times in One Night" suddenly forwarded a post to the group. "Look at this post! I saw it in the 'Gossip World' section of the cultivation forum... it mentions Lord Thunder and Ling Zhenren."

Wang Ling stared at the link and was silent for a long time; for some reason, he had a bad feeling.

This post had been uploaded half an hour ago.

The poster's ID: Super High School Level Director...

Just by looking at the name, Wang Ling already knew who the hell this guy was!

The main topic of the post: Ahhh! Today, I actually saw Lord Thunder and the legendary Ling Zhenren in the flesh, they're two of the four seniors I like the most in the cultivation forum! I have finally fulfilled two of my four great life ambitions!

Someone asked: If I may be so bold as to ask, what are your four great life ambitions?

The poster's answer was:

Cailian Zhenren's Little Punch (0/1)

Lord Thunder's Bazahei 2 (1/1)

2('Bazahei' is just a speech interjection or exclamation, and doesn't have any meaning.) Immortal Toya's Heifengli 3 (0/1)

3(The literal translation of heifengli is "black pineapple," but the Cantonese pronunciation means "I like you.") The last one...

Ling Zhenren's Mwah Mwah 4 (1/1)

4(Yes, kiss kiss..) "..."

Wang Ling decided to help forward this post. When there were over five hundred forwards, he would then directly report it for false reporting!





Chapter 146 Tough People, Tough Pigs, Tough Trees


It was May 31st on Monday in the sixth week of school.

The old man and Mother Wang would be coming back from their trip today. Wang Ling received the news that they would be home at around five or six in the evening. He had sorely missed Mother Wang's nutritious breakfast, and was unused to not eating it a few days in a row. Of course, compared with her nutritious breakfast, what he was actually looking forward to more... was the limited edition beef ramen-flavored crispy noodle snacks which the old man was bringing back from South Tianhe...

When Wang Ling arrived at school, the topic of today's morning gossip in Grade One, Class Three was a street singer who had become a sudden Internet sensation yesterday.

Hearing this, Wang Ling immediately knew that the street singer had to be Tang Youning. He knew that the latter would definitely hit it big by relying on the impact of the song "Old Boys" from another world. But he hadn't expected it to happen so soon...

Gossip was like a sickness that was contagious. From the silence at the beginning of the semester to almost everyone in Grade One, Class Three getting into the habit of gossiping in the morning... Wang Ling felt that this was all solely due to Guo Hao. It was this guy who had started everything!

"I heard that this Subway Brother has been a singer for a long time, and he had washed out in a talent show audition not long ago. Who knows how he suddenly hit it big all of a sudden." Guo Hao shrugged, using the new nickname "Subway Brother" which net friends had coined for Tang Youning.

The reason why Tang Youning was called Subway Brother was because he had been busking in the subway when he sang "Old Boys," and he had become popular after someone filmed him and uploaded the video to the Internet.

In the video, Tang Youning's hair was uncombed and his entire outfit was roadside goods that cost a few dozen yuan; plus the broken guitar, they gave Tang Youning a slightly unkempt look. However, it was precisely this unrefined appearance without makeup that gave the sense that he had weathered life's storms as he sang "Old Boys."

In the video, it could be seen that many passersby stopped despite themselves to listen as soon as Tang Youning opened his mouth to sing.

Everyone was enchanted by it.

Actually, Tang Youning had a very fair and delicate appearance, and his lean figure was what most young people admired and yearned for themselves. Although this era didn't discriminate against fat people, the world's ideal aesthetic was still limited to skinny beauty.

When some girls in class watched the video, they couldn't help feeling intoxicated; Tang Youning was really too handsome!

Who on earth was this person?

What kind of experiences had he had?

How was he able to write such a song?

Of course, Wang Ling himself didn't bother with Tang Youning.

Because no one could have imagined that for him, this song was worth two bowls of beef noodles...

Thirty-three yuan and seventy cents...

...

In the morning Dao talismans course, Teacher Pan handed out a stack of leaflets. School teachers were prohibited from giving students private lessons. Each teacher-in-charge hence was worried that students who weren't able to keep up with the progress in class would impact the class's average scores. Therefore, the school's approach was to encourage students to attend a private education institution for remedial lessons. At least, that was what Number 60 High School did.

Usually, there were three to four people in a small remedial class, and eight to ten people in a medium-sized one... of course, the fewer people they were, the more expensive the lesson would be.

And the most important reason why Number 60 High School was willing to distribute leaflets for these "private education institutions" was that they were poor!

The subsidy from Huaguo Water Curtain Group was still being processed, which for a large enterprise would take quite a while. Thus, before they could receive the official subsidy to renovate the school grounds, Headmaster Chen could only use this strategy in his struggle to transform the school.

How poor Number 60 High School was had always been the butt of jokes passed down from old generations of seniors.

The other thing that had left the deepest impression on them were the few shriveled palm trees at the school's entrance. Every time Wang Ling passed by these trees, they always made him think of that particular tree on Dahuang Road which had thrived after being struck by lightning.

There were tough people in an earthquake, tough pigs 1 in a flood... and tough trees in Number 60 High School!

1(A pig became a media sensation after it was found alive in the rubble 36 days after the devastating 2008 Wenchuan earthquake. It was given the name Zhu Jianqiang, or "tough pig .. ") The students of Number 60 High School were already quite used to the school's 'awesomeness.'

When Wang Ling received the leaflet, his pupils narrowed slightly.

Because the private education institution it was promoting was Mo Immortal Castle!

Did they now have their eye on Number 60 High School, and planned to sell their fake medicine here?

Wang Ling stared at the leaflet and fell into deep thought.

...

Today, there was a new patient on the eighteenth floor of the Night Shift Nurses building.

The patient had been sent here from the emergency room yesterday. At the time, there hadn't been enough staff in the emergency room, and the head of the Health Department had called for all surgeons who had been on their way home to come back straightaway. Director Li had already returned home when he was summoned back by the head of the hospital at two or three in the early hours of the morning.

The main reason was that the patient hadn't gotten to them fast enough, so they hadn't been able to perform the operation in time. By the time the patient had reached the emergency room, the doctors had no longer been able to save the situation.

He wasn't dead, but the neurons in his brain had been so badly damaged that they had resulted in a severe mental disorder.

Under persistent pressure from city leaders, the head of the hospital could only transfer the patient to Director Li's separate hospital compound and then summon specialists overnight for a consult to see if there were any special treatment methods that could be used.

While the leaflets advertising Mo Immortal Castle were being given out in Grade One, Class Three, Director Li was presiding over a forum of specialists in the hospital.

These were eight specialists from the department of psychiatry who almost comprised the strongest lineup in the separate hospital compound for hard-to-treat mental illnesses.

Standing at the head of the conference table, Director Li sighed. "Before we begin the meeting, can anyone explain what caused the patient's initial brain injury?"

An old specialist with a graying mustache and hair quickly replied, "The preliminary diagnosis was chronic brain dysfunction syndrome... or in other words, a cerebral concussion."

"What was the cause?" Director Li asked, frowning.

Another specialist replied, "The patient has no family members, but according to the patient's superior, before this happened, the patient had been rammed into by a tricycle."

A tricycle?

Director Li suddenly felt that this sounded a little familiar!

"Can you elaborate?"

"According to the patient's description when he was still conscious... apparently, after that tricycle rammed into him, he was driving his Maybach when that tricycle stubbornly chased him over eight motorways. Finally, the symptoms of his condition flared up and he went into shock. Because of that, he smashed into the motorway's guardrail at three hundred kilometers an hour and the car fell fifty meters straight down to hit another motorway before it finally exploded."

"..."

After hearing this, Director Li deeply felt that for him to freaking remain alive after his... was not going to be easy!





Chapter 147 Has Death Come?


Song Qingshu had never expected that the subordinate whom he had sent out just to conduct surveillance would come back in such a state. After the latter had been struck by a tricycle, he had been pursued over eight streets while he was suffering a concussion, and in the end, he had fallen directly off the motorway due to intermittent brain shock... Song Qingshu thought that things like this only happened in the fucking Final Destination 1 series!

1(The Chinese translation for the Final Destination horror movie series is actually "Death Has Come.") This tall man in a suit was called Fang Yan. Little Fang had worked for Song Qingshu for a very long time. Thus, as soon as Song Qingshu had found out that Little Fang had been injured, he had immediately used his connections to arrange for Little Fang to have an operation as soon as possible by dispensing with the complicated registration process... on occasion, saving time could really save a life! If they waited to go through the registration process, Little Fang might really die!

But even with this, Little Fang still missed the golden window for treatment.

After the meeting of specialists, Song Qingshu stood by the door where he had been waiting for Director Li the whole time. Some of the old specialists behind Director Li shook their heads and knitted their eyebrows as they sighed and left — they had been unable to come up with an effective way to cure Fang Yan in their discussion meeting.

The moment he saw Director Li, Song Qingshu immediately came up to him and gripped his hand. "Hello Director Li, did you come up with anything new in the discussion?"

Director Li shook his head regretfully. "No... we have nothing at the moment. Frankly, Mr Fang's brain disorder is far more serious than we had anticipated. The probability that he will become a vegetable is imminent..."

"If it's still a probability, doesn't that mean he hasn't completely become a vegetable yet? Doesn't that mean it's still possible to save him?"

"Mr Song, you misunderstood me..."

Director Li glanced at his watch, then looked solemnly at Song Qingshu as he said, "What I mean is that Mr Fang just lacks a diagnosis report from the specialists. As of one minute ago, the specialists have confirmed that Mr Fang is now in a vegetative state."

"..."

Song Qingshu: "Isn't there any other method we can try? Acupuncture with golden needles! Medicated baths! Money's not a problem!"

Director Li: "Mr Song, you need to understand that the brain's physiology is quite complex. Cultivators might be able to use some means to accelerate the recovery of visceral organs and skin trauma. However, a brain condition, especially where the neurons are concerned, is hard to cure once the brain is injured, for both cultivators and ordinary people... acupuncture with golden needles and medicated baths are from cultivation novels, how could they possibly work!"

Song Qingshu: "..."

Director Li: "The hospital once received a Nascent Soul patient with a cerebral haemorrhage. We were prepared to perform a surgical craniotomy, and we operated for eight hours. In the end, we couldn't even cut his damn head open!"

Song Qingshu: "..."

...

After Great Saint, Second Saint and the defector Third Saint, Song Qingshu had lost yet another trusted subordinate just like that. Although Little Fang was just an assistant, he had indeed helped Song Qingshu solve a lot of problems.

The most critical thing was that, even if he wanted revenge, he felt powerless to do anything, since that tricycle belonged to Lord Thunder and that youngster...

Why?! Why did the tricycle have to belong to precisely these two people?!

Song Qingshu felt he really shouldn't have made a move to provoke them! If it hadn't been for his instructions, Little Fang wouldn't have become like this.

After being occupied the entire morning at Second Hospital, he returned to the office in the afternoon after he discovered that he had a heap of petty things to deal with. He had received a message on his wristwatch from the Lady of the Castle. She was the Lord of the Castle's personal secretary who had worked for him for many years. Things that the Lord didn't want to handle, important or otherwise, would be left to the Lady.

There was one thing worth mentioning, however, and that was this Lady of the Castle was very mysterious. Even experienced personnel like Song Qingshu who had worked for Mo Immortal Castle for many years had never seen her face. The only thing that he knew about her was that her strength was far beyond his.

Song Qingshu even thought that the Ten Saints might not necessarily be her match.

Now, seeing this message from the Lady, his feelings were actually very complicated.

After Third Saint's defection, the Lord of the Castle had continued to be unsatisfied with his work. Previously, the Lord would still talk about work with him on the phone, but recently, he had left it all to the Lady to handle. Song Qingshu knew that he was now in a very dangerous situation. The usual end for a person in Mo Immortal Castle who was considered to no longer have value was death.

Over the years, Song Qingshu had helped the Lord to deal with some of these "worthless people"; he would never have expected that he would one day be in the same boat...

In Mo Immortal Castle, worth was everything and there was no place for feelings. The Lord hated to make a loss.

With trepidation, he opened the message from the Lady. Its content was very simple: she was asking about the "Mo Immortal Water" trial.

This thing was the potion that had caused mutations and mental disorders in three Foundation Establishment high school students.

Song Qingshu was well aware that this was his last shot... whatever happened, he had to handle this matter perfectly.

After thinking about his wording, Song Qingshu quickly replied, "Rest assured, Lady, everything has already been arranged. I have dispatched people to covertly promote the Mo Immortal Water."

Shortly after sending his message, the Lady of the Castle used her "single for thousands of years" speed 2 to instantly reply. "That's good. This time, there is a lower risk of mutation with the improved Mo Immortal Water. But we still need human test subjects. What is the condition of the three students whose bodies developed issues?"

2('Single for thousands of years' is used to describe people who have a fast hand speed ... presumably because of the number of personal handjobs they are used to doing ....) After thinking for a while, Song Qingshu in the end didn't say anything about Lord Thunder and that youngster as he replied, "Don't worry, Lady, I've given their families hush money and also arranged for them to stay in the separate hospital compound, so this matter shouldn't be exposed."

The Lady promptly replied, "I know everything that you've been doing. Yesterday, there were people who visited the hospital and found out about those three students, is that correct?"

"..." When Song Qingshu saw this message, he couldn't help breaking out in a cold sweat.

The Lady sent yet another message: "You don't need to be nervous. As long as the media hasn't caught wind of it, you're still safe for the time being. As long as the Mo Immortal Water trial is carried out perfectly, this will completely offset your previous blunders. The Lord still trusts you, which is why he hasn't immediately gotten rid of you..."

Song Qingshu: "Thank you, Lady... I have already contacted a school and promoted the Mo Immortal Water in the name of our education institution."

Lady of the Castle: "No need to thank me. Right... what is the name of this school? You can ask someone to feel it out first, to avoid any mistakes."

Song Qingshu: "It's Number 60 High School; it's the lowest-ranked high school in Peiyuan district, I don't think there should be any problems!"





Chapter 148 It's Impossible to Eat and Not Get Fat


Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

It was June 1st on Tuesday in the sixth week of school.

It happened to be Children's Day today. On the way to school, Wang Ling noticed a lot more brats on the streets due to the holiday.

When he arrived at class in the morning, Guo Hao had already finished copying his homework and had started to put on a show as he pretended to stroke his beard and sigh that time and tide waited for no man. "...Ah, I'm getting old, getting old! We can't even celebrate Children's Day! Do you know, according to the Cultivation United Nations' latest age classifications, at our age... we have already entered the midlife crisis!"

When he heard this, Chen Chao felt indescribably grieved. He actually thought he looked quite young and not at all old. Since he absorbed himself in fitness and sports every day, he had a sinewy body that boys were envious of.

Sexy muscles and lines would boost any man's appeal!

But even in spite of that, when he had taken the subway this morning, a four- or five-year-old cute little shota had actually called him uncle!

Un... cle...

At that moment, it was as if a thunderbolt had struck Chen Chao's heart, and his whole body had been burned by it!

This feeling was as terrible as when your girlfriend grabbed your collar and asked you seriously who you would save first if she and your mother fell into the water at the same time! Uncle, as if! At the very damn least... he should have been called big brother!

But after Chen Chao reacted, he then realized that this wasn't really a suitable analogy...

Because he didn't have a girlfriend at all!

And so, because of this...

The two-person team of Chen Chao and Guo Hao, who felt that they were already in their doddering old age, were gloomy the whole morning.

Speaking of Chen Chao's muscles... Wang Ling secretly touched his belly.

Hm... it was soft and very stretchy.

Wang Ling analyzed the reason for his belly fat.

It was mainly because that limited edition beef ramen-flavored crispy noodle snack which the old man had brought back from South Tianhe had been too delicious! He hadn't been able to help eating a whole box of it in one night...

So this was the price for his lack of control!

But nowadays, there were a lot of young people who didn't understand the meaning of self-control; Wang Ling felt that he was a typical example.

Although he didn't need to eat, there were times when his mouth felt itchy.

A foodie's world wasn't something just anyone could understand!

However, Wang Ling didn't have to worry about putting on weight. He could just wait until he was at home to get rid of the extra fat on his body; this was the reason why he would never get fat.

Growing fat was something you had to consistently guard against, since sometimes it would happen when you weren't paying attention.

Wang Ling had always felt that there were two very similar kinds of people in school that could be referred to as "bitches."

The first kind were the top students who complained that they had screwed up after taking the exams.

And the second kind... were the thin people who boasted every day about how they would never get fat no matter how much they ate!

...

It was two o'clock in the afternoon; it should have been time for the phys ed class, but as everyone was preparing to dash for the sports field and breathe in the fresh air, the phys ed teacher showed up at the classroom door. From the resentful and miserable look on his face, everyone immediately knew that today's phys ed class had very likely been replaced again!

Teacher Pan's chemistry class, Teacher Han Meimei's English class and Teacher Lu Ziming's maths class... nobody dared to occupy these class slots, so if the school had any celebratory activities, most of the time it would be the phys ed class that was taken over.

Therefore, in school, the person to run out of luck first was definitely the phys ed teacher!

Phys ed teacher Ye Han had blonde and naturally curly hair, and was a tall and strong person. Through his Mind-Reading Ability, Wang Ling had also learned that Teacher Ye had a special hobby, which was to sandwich a towel between his thighs and pull it back and forth repeatedly. The rumor was that this was the trademark technique of the legendary father of phys ed philosophy, Herrington 1 , and that it had the magical effect of strengthening the body and maintaining good blood circulation!

1(Billy Herrington is a gay porn actor who became a meme in Japan after a video clip of an underwear wrestling scene which he starred in went viral. All his wrestling videos were given deliberately misleading titles, including 'Forest Fairy' and 'Philosophy..') Teacher Ye usually kept a low profile at school, and never fought over class slots with the other teachers... any time there was a need to use the phys ed class slot, it was enough to just ask him! This was the so-called "honest men were always easily taken advantage of."

Number 60 High School had accepted Mo Immortal Castle's advertising, so Headmaster Chen had ordered all teachers-in-charge to play a lecture video in class to promote Mo Immortal Castle.

Given Teacher Pan's personality, she had of course been unwilling to use her own class time... so it had been Teacher Ye who had lucked out.

Standing on the dais, Teacher Ye helplessly put down the blue laptop he was carrying. Today, he had originally planned to give these kids a one-thousand-meter test; those who couldn't finish running it in ten seconds would fail!

There were only fifteen students in Class One, Grade Three, so it wouldn't have taken long at all to test all of them. However, Teacher Pan had still looked for him and requested that he play the educational lecture video provided by Mo Immortal Castle during the phys ed class.

"Students, you have to understand that I also can't do anything about this."

As Teacher Ye grumbled on the dais, the boys below the dais also complained — only Su Xiao was indifferent as he seized the opportunity to take out his homework and do it quickly.

This was the reason why Su Xiao didn't bring homework back with him each time; he would finish all of it in school!

Teacher Ye broadcasted the so-called educational video via the classroom projector. The students present in this elite class were already very familiar with the way this type of private education institution program worked — halfway through the program or in the last few minutes, the institution would definitely start to promote their secondary products.

And as expected, in the last section of the program, the female broadcast host on the platform suddenly said in a clear and bright voice, "Next, let us welcome Mo Immortal Castle's study leader with a round of applause as he recommends us a particular learning aid."

On the screen, a fatty wearing a five-striped symbol on his shoulder appeared. In terms of build, he was a little bigger than Guo Hao. Although he had average looks, everyone recognized this fat fellow! — This was Tan Jiaming, the top scorer in the college entrance exam last year who had directly entered the key cultivation college 211 Cultivation College with a super high score of one hundred and ninety-seven thousand marks! People had given him the nickname Five Stripes Leader!

At the time, he was all that the news media had talked about, because he had directly received a government subsidy of three super spirit elixirs! A whole three super spirit elixirs was definitely the best type of reward. The rumor was that this great leader had only needed to take one to break through to the middle Golden Core stage...

Standing on the dais, the leader shared his so-called secret study method; a spirit light glowed in his hand, and then he was holding a bottle filled with liquid. He then flashed the camera lens a V sign. "This is it! Mo Immortal Water! It's my secret study method!"

Wang Ling immediately knew that this thing was definitely that mutation potion! As he raised his eyes to take a look, he was surprised to find that it was actually an improved version! It clearly used to be black in color, but now it had actually become so colorful!

The most frightening thing of all was that following the great leader's promotion, the female broadcast host on the dais then showed off a quality appraisal document jointly certified by four experts!

These were the legendary four experts and giants among men who oversaw products in the healthcare industry!

The Chameleon God of Medicine, Liu Hongbin...

The Divine Diabetes Physician, Li Zhiming...

The King of Rheumatism, Wang Zhijin...

The Drug Emperor of Kidney Deficiencies, Gao Zhenzhong...

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 149 Shock! The Real Godly Weapon Is Actually...


It was pretty common for an education institution to sell healthcare products, but Wang Ling truly felt that Mo Immortal Castle had chosen the wrong place — they had neglected to take Sun Rong into account. As the young miss of a pharmaceutical group, she was naturally highly sensitive to drugs. False advertising of healthcare products was a common occurrence nowadays in the market... Sun Rong had never heard of any of the four experts who had been mentioned in the promotion video, so she was a little worried.

During recess, she gave her butler Lin San a call.

"Liu Hongbin? Li Zhiming? Wang Zhijin? Gao Zhenzhong?" On the other end of the call, Old Butler Lin frowned grimly. "Young Miss, are you sure it was these four in the video?"

Sun Rong nodded. "Yes, it was them!"

Old Butler Lin was lost in silence. "...These four people usually appear on midnight healthcare programs, pretending to be experts. In fact, none of them have medical qualifications. People have given them the nicknames East Poison, West Lunatic, South Weakling and North Swindler."

"..."

Sun Rong was a little vexed. "Doesn't that mean the quality of this Mo Immortal Water isn't guaranteed?"

Lin San: "It's far more than that! This type of product with false certification definitely carries other risks!"

"Then Uncle Lin, what should we do now?" asked Sun Rong.

Lin San nodded. "Young Miss, don't worry. I'll call Headmaster Chen now, and use our privilege as director of the school board to ban this private tuition institution from selling this product in the school."

Needless to say, Lin San was very efficient. As soon as he ended the call with Sun Rong, he straightaway went to work on this school-related matter.

Song Qingshu was agitated as he made a call to Headmaster Chen's office. "Headmaster Chen, you've already received our advertising fee, how can you back out now?"

Headmaster Chen's face was full of regret. "We've already played the promotion video in all our classes. But with regard to publicly selling Mo Immortal Water in the school, the director of our school board at Number 60 High School feels that it's very unreliable, and is afraid to take the risk. How about I return part of this fee back to you?"

Song Qingshu's expression grew dark. "I don't care! Give me the board director's phone number! I'll make a call to ask right now!"

Headmaster Chen was helpless. "Mr Song, it's best that you don't waste your energy... our board director is occupied with important matters, and your phone call won't go through. You'll probably be put on a waiting list, and looking at the duration, I'm guessing that you'll only get through to him in half a year..."

Song Qingshu: "Who is your board director?"

Headmaster Chen: "Oh... he's the CEO of Huaguo Water Curtain Group, Sun Kaiming. His daughter studies here, didn't you know that, Mr Song?"

"..."

After hearing this, Song Qingshu felt like crying but had no tears left to shed.

This school clearly had the CEO of Huaguo Water Curtain Group as their board director... and they still pretended to be poor!

Hello! Was that 110 1 ? He wanted to report someone here for swindling advertising fees!

1(110 is the emergency number for police in China..) ...

Sometimes, people who had a run of bad luck would even get something stuck between their teeth when drinking water. Song Qingshu had just picked the most inconspicuous school based on high school statistical data from the city office. How could he possibly have known that the Young Miss of Huaguo Water Curtain Group was a student there?!

This was bad — there was no way Mo Immortal Castle could sell the potion in the school now, which meant that half his plan had already failed... but if he gave up here, he would have failed for good.

Song Qingshu was extremely familiar with the Lord of the Castle's ruthlessness. Over the years, many people had died under the Lord's hand and their souls turned into house pets. Whether it was veteran staff who had worked for Mo Immortal Castle for many years or newbies who had just joined the company, for those who didn't meet the performance standard or hadn't accomplished anything, there was only one ending for them — death.

However, Song Qingshu wasn't going to sit around and wait for his doom.

Before the mission was deemed a complete failure, he decided to run away first!

...

In Songhai city, Song Qingshu was sorting out his belongings inside a luxury apartment.

He had bought a plane ticket with a fake ID card, and planned to escape abroad. As he hadn't been removed from his position yet, it hadn't been difficult to get a fake ID made for himself. Furthermore, based on what he knew about Mo Immortal Castle's capabilities after all these years, they couldn't track him overseas to kill him... if everything went smoothly, Song Qingshu felt that his escape plan had an over eighty percent chance of being successful.

He checked his briefcase one last time and confirmed that he had all the fake papers required to hide his real identity. After that, he put them away in a separate wallet. Although all these were forged, they could fully pass as genuine. He had asked his comrade in the City Cultivation Police's technology department to alter his online profile, so there wouldn't be any problems at all if his identity had to be verified online.

But there were really too many things in the apartment. Running out of time, Song Qingshu couldn't take everything with him. At least he didn't have to worry that he wouldn't have enough space, since it was much easier for cultivators to run off than ordinary people — a common spatial magic treasure could solve everything.

Apart from that wallet full of forged papers, his briefcase also contained clothes, magic treasures and some precious elixirs.

Song Qingshu assumed that after the Lord of the Castle found out that he had fled, the first thing he would definitely do would be to freeze all the bank accounts in his name. But drawing out huge amounts of cash in a short period of time would make people suspicious anyway, so after careful thought, Song Qingshu decided to leave with just the magic treasures and elixirs.

These magic treasures had just been lying around — after he was abroad, he could make a huge fortune by selling them.

When everything was ready, Song Qingshu picked up his small briefcase. But when he opened his front door, there was a tall woman with long hair down to her waist standing there in a black jacket and sunglasses.

The instant she saw him, her lips curved slightly and she laughed coldly. "Mr Song Qingshu, you really were going to run."

"You are...!" Song Qingshu was stunned. This woman had to be a killer sent by the Lord or Lady!

"I'm Ah Zuo and I work for the Lady of the Castle. She already knew you were going to flee." While she spoke, she played leisurely with her pretty, manicured nails. "Did you think you could hide your little scheme from the Lady? There really have been too many people who have attempted to flee over the years, and Ah You and I have had a hard time killing all of them."

Song Qingshu instantly broke out in a cold sweat. He could sense how formidable this woman was! She was at the Soul Formation stage at the very least, which was more than enough to kill him!

"Miss Ah Zuo, please let me go. I can give you whatever you want!" Song Qingshu hugged his briefcase to his chest and quivered violently as he spoke. His heart was filled with terror and also endless sorrow... in all his years as a Mo Immortal Castle executive, when had he ever been as humble as this?

He had never expected to be reduced to such a state today.

"Do you think what you can offer me is more than what I can get from the Lord and Lady?"

Miss Ah Zuo spread her slender fingers open, and Song Qingshu saw her blood-red nails emit a faint golden glow... this woman didn't carry any weapons on her because she had in fact refined her own fingernails into a magic treasure!

"My nails are on par with a seventh-class holy weapon." As the woman approached him slowly, that golden light surged violently. She looked straight at Song Qingshu from behind her sunglasses.

A seventh-class holy weapon...

Song Qingshu was utterly stupefied. A ninth-class holy weapon could already easily injure anyone with a realm under the Soul Formation stage.

If these nails with the strength of a seventh-class holy weapon scratched him, he would undoubtedly die!

Hu !

Brandishing her fingernails, Ah Zuo directly swiped at Song Qingshu.

He squeezed his eyes shut as her attack directly penetrated his briefcase, leaving five deep finger holes.

"Don't worry, it won't hurt..."

But after Miss Ah Zuo's nails pierced his briefcase, they seemed to be blocked by something and were unable to push in any further.

"What's going on?!"

She struggled as hard as she could.

And then, there was a " crack "...

Dumbfounded, she realized that her fingernails had unexpectedly snapped off!!

Following that, there was a massive backlash from Song Qingshu's small briefcase which directly sent this Miss Ah Zuo flying to smash into the wall behind her!

The unbelievably powerful impact forced Ah Zuo to cough up a mouthful of blood, and she gave Song Qingshu a disbelieving look. "What the hell do you have inside your briefcase?"

He promptly opened his briefcase to check...

Very quickly, he found a pair of glowing long johns!

Holding the long johns in his hands, Song Qingshu had a dumbstruck expression on his face — these were the long johns from the Wang family's small villa back then! When he had been sorting out his clothes previously, he had been in such a hurry that he had also packed the long johns.

The most frightening thing was that this pair of long johns had actually warded off the power of a seventh-class holy weapon and saved his life!





Chapter 150 God-Level Long Johns


In a luxury apartment at the elevator door on the seventeenth floor.

Ah Zuo leaned against the wall and gritted her teeth at the pain in her chest. She hadn't expected Song Qingshu's briefcase to contain such a powerful magic treasure; not only had it warded off her attack, a force several times stronger had also rebounded on her!

The backlash just now had directly fractured two of her ribs, and it seemed she had a slight concussion as she felt a little dizzy. "What kind of magic treasure is this..."

Song Qingshu raised his eyebrows, then grasped the glowing long johns as he looked tremulously at Ah Zuo. "...It's a pair of long johns."

Ah Zuo: "..."

Following that, Song Qingshu glimpsed the brand logo on it, and suddenly realized that these long johns had been made by Nokia 1 !

1(The joke of course being that Nokia products are near-indestructible ..) No wonder they were so tough!

"Do you think you can escape?" Ah Zuo clutched her chest. "Several years ago, there was a Nascent Soul person like you who thought that he was very clever and faked his death. He tried to take his physical body back after that, but unfortunately for him, the Lord of the Castle had put a brand on it. The brand prevents a person from using any type of method to take back the body. Everyone who joins Mo Immortal Castle has this brand, so you can't escape..."

Song Qingshu frowned, and lowered his head to look at the long johns in his hands.

These were from that small villa in the barren outskirts. At that time, the homeowner's frightening spiritual pressure had scared Song Qingshu's subordinate into directly pissing his pants, so the "kindhearted" homeowner had given him a pair of long johns to change into. After that, outside the villa, Song Qingshu had encountered that Great Death-Courting Senior, and he had also pissed himself with fright... which was why he was the one who now had the long johns.

At that moment, he lowered his head in deep thought.

He was surprised to realize that all of his failures seemed to have started with that unassuming small villa.

In addition, Great Death-Courting Senior had a close relationship with that family... Song Qingshu was beginning to believe more and more that the master of this villa was definitely not a common man.

Even a pair of long johns could be refined into a magic treasure and release such astonishing power. If he had stolen a kitchen knife from the villa, wouldn't it be able to split the sky and cleave the earth?!

"Miss Ah Zuo, since you're wounded, I think it's best if you go back to treat your injuries! Let us never meet again!" Grasping the long johns firmly, Song Qingshu grabbed his briefcase, now sporting five small holes, and turned to the corridor.

Even if this Miss Ah Zuo was wounded, Song Qingshu still didn't think he would be able to kill her.

She was the Lady of the Castle's competent subordinate; who knew what other kind of magic treasure the other party could take out?

However, just as Song Qingshu pulled the door to the corridor open and waved goodbye, this Miss Ah Zuo unexpectedly clutched her chest and slowly pulled herself up from the ground.

"You want to run?" At this critical instant, Ah Zuo straightaway took out a brightly colored pebble. In a flash, spirit energy poured out of the stone, part of it becoming a force which stopped Song Qingshu as he found himself unable to move forward!

"Wuji Stone!?" He recognized it at first glance.

"This is a magic treasure specially developed by the Lord of the Castle. Since you bear the Lord's brand, it's impossible for you to escape the Wuji Stone's punishment. I was worried something might go wrong, which was why I borrowed it from the Lady..." Ah Zuo had never expected that she would need to use the "Wuji Stone" to stop someone. She had thought that dealing with Song Qingshu would take just one scratch from her nails.

This Wuji Stone was like a very powerful magnet which held Song Qingshu firmly in place. He tried his best to resist its strength, but was unable to take a single step ahead.

The corridor was right there!

Just a little further, and he would be able to break away from this female devil!

But on the other side, with the help of the Wuji Stone, Ah Zuo was catching up behind him bit by bit. "I already told you, you can't escape!"

In the previous attack, the fingernails on her right hand had already all crumbled.

But she still had her left hand.

"I don't know how you managed to refine this magic treasure into a pair of long johns, but this time, I'm going to go all out and send you to hell in one blow!" Ah Zuo wiped away the blood at the corner of her mouth.

Enduring the excruciating pain of her broken ribs, she swiped mercilessly at Song Qingshu. The fingernails on her left hand glowed faintly with a golden light, and the power behind this scratch would be enough to pierce Song Qingshu's skin.

Song Qingshu really wanted to say...

This wasn't a long johns-shaped magic treasure at all! This thing was one hundred percent a pair of long johns!

But looking at this woman's relentless attack, Song Qingshu also got angry. Son of a bitch! This father wasn't going to run!

He had thoroughly tasted the power of the Wuji Stone. As long as he bore the Lord of the Castle's brand, there was no way he could flee! However, this Wuji Stone was like a magnet — it could only restrict his movements forward and not truly immobilize him!

There was no use in asking for mercy, and he couldn't run...

Song Qingshu could only grit his teeth as he looked at the woman in front of him and roared, "Then we'll die together!"

Ah Zuo's power this time was clearly far more ferocious than before as it kicked up a violent and destructive wind.

This was an ordinary attack which didn't rely on any sort of technique, and the wind it kicked up instantly shattered all the glass on this floor. Song Qingshu's face didn't feel like it was his anymore as it burned painfully like it was on fire, and his skin twitched spasmodically like in guichu videos... in the face of imminent peril, the only thing he could do was hold up the glowing long johns with trembling hands.

Boom !

There was the sound of an explosion on the seventeenth floor.

In the smoke and dust, Ah Zuo's all-out attack abruptly smashed into the long johns.

And unbelievably, it only sent up a shower of sparks... instead, her attack once again rebounded off this tough pair of long johns!

Boom !

It was the sound of yet another explosion!

The woman was sent flying by this force!

Staring at the man-shaped hole in the wall on the seventeenth floor, Song Qingshu's heart was still trembling with fear...

The ash and dust had settled after the fierce battle, but the entire seventeenth floor had suffered tremendous damage as if from a doomsday disaster. Luckily there was only one resident on this floor of this luxury apartment, otherwise Song Qingshu really couldn't imagine what it would've been like if innocent people had become involved.

"You downstairs! Why are you so noisy! Despicable! Everyone else still has work tomorrow! I've called the property manager! Just you wait!" the Golden Core resident upstairs yelled angrily at the top of his lungs.

Startled, Song Qingshu came back to this senses and realized it was time to run away!

He immediately grabbed the briefcase on the ground and those body protection long johns as he fled down the corridor in a rush...

.....

On the other side, Ah Zuo, the killer subordinate who had been dispatched by the Lady of the Castle, had been blown out of the building by the sheer force of this backlash. She flew as far as a thousand meters before falling like a shooting star to hit a green belt near a highway.

Ah Zuo had been knocked out!

Her ribs were broken, both her hands were fractured, all her fingernails had snapped off and she was bleeding freely... however, she wasn't dead yet, and was just in shock.

Those long johns had been enhanced by Wang Ling, but she could survive two backlashes from it one after another...

If Wang Ling saw this, he would definitely think it was a miracle!





Chapter 151 Studying Medicine Won't Save Cultivators!


A powerful Soul Formation cultivator had gone directly into shock from two backlashes — it was really hard to imagine how violent that power must have been.

In the evening, Director Li received yet another call from his superior about a patient coming through the green passage for him to handle.

As Director Li made his way there, his assistant reported the situation to him.

"How is the patient now?"

"The primary diagnosis is shock caused by a concussion..."

Director Li was stupefied. "..." How could it be another damn concussion... were the brains of cultivators nowadays so fragile?!

"What was the cause?"

"From what the cultivation police could see from the traffic cameras on Starfish Road, the patient fell from the sky and happened to hit the green belt. The reason for it is still being investigated," the assistant replied. "But the initial assessment is that this patient's injuries probably had nothing to do with the long drop, as she already had had the concussion before she fell. The cultivation police dispatched Officer Wang, an officer experienced in criminal cases, to investigate. Based on his analysis, he feels that the real reason for the patient's injuries might be linked to an explosion at a luxury apartment a thousand meters away."

Director Li nodded. "Hm, I see. I'm on the way. Follow up on the situation, and once you've learn the cause of the patient's injuries, make sure to tell me at once... the city office has given me a do-or-die order that this person's life must be preserved."

Assistant: "Don't worry, Director; Officer Wang is rich in experience and he's doing his best to investigate this case! He's just finished watching a whole season of Detective Conan !"

"..."

For some reason, Director Li felt like crying but had no tears to shed.

Sure enough, studying medicine wouldn't save cultivators 1 !

1(This quote is adapted from the original phrase related to Chinese writer Lu Xun's experiences. He had been studying medicine in Japan when the Russo-Japanese war broke out, and after being shown a scene of an accused Chinese spy about to be beheaded with his fellow countrymen watching on apathetically, he abandoned medicine to become a 'literary physician' for China's 'spiritual woes.') ...

...

It was about ten o'clock at night when an uninvited guest showed up at the door of the Wang family's small villa.

Song Qingshu stood at the front door; he was carrying a briefcase with five holes in it under his left arm while he gripped a pair of long johns in his right hand.

If Song Qingshu had followed his original plan, he should have been on the supersonic plane to Mixiu nation by now. However, at the last moment, he had been afraid.

Not only had he fled as he tried to break away from Mo Immortal Castle, he had also seriously wounded the Lady of the Castle's competent subordinate, Ah Zuo. The Lady was bound to mobilize all her power to track him down and get rid of him. Song Qingshu felt that there was no longer a way out for him. Even if he fled overseas now... he would still feel that he was in danger!

What on earth should he do?

He had been lost in thought for a long time in the small garden under his apartment building as he quietly looked back on his life. He felt that from a young age, whenever he had done something evil, it had almost never gone smoothly...

Once, he had purposely betrayed his teammates in a qualifying Glory match, but in the end they had encountered a young man with exceptionally fast hand speed who had called himself Ye Xiu 2 . The man had used a hero character to thrash the five members on the rival team, accomplishing over thirty penta kills until the other side had finally surrendered directly.

2(Ye Xiu is the talented online gaming protagonist in the web novel "The King's Avatar.") On another occasion, he had snatched a lollipop from the kid next door, but had been beaten up instead; that kid had not only claimed that he was a Shaolin disciple who had learned qigong under qigong master Wang Lin, but that he had also learned the S-style Libo snakeskin movement 3 .

3(Libo refers to Zhou Libo, a famous Chinese TV personality who got pulled over around midnight in New York when police noticed that he was driving erratically. 'Snakeskin movement' in an online game refers to how a character can move sinuously to escape but also take the chance to attack. The phrase is now also used to describe someone who is clumsy when doing something.) And on yet another occasion, he had peeked at a young girl showering, and had almost been caught and hammered flat like a geoduck by her boyfriend. That man had called himself the school beauty's personal bodyguard, but he also had had countless other girlfriends who all fucking got along with each other 4 !

4(This is most likely a reference to another xuanhuan web novel, "Beauty and the Bodyguard.") While Song Qingshu had been pondering his life, the cultivation police cars with their sirens and the fire trucks with their flashing red lights had driven dramatically through the gates of the residential area... in that instant, it was as if a laxative drop had dribbled into Song Qingshu's brain, and he had immediately figured it out!

With things as they were, he had nowhere else to go. If he had to come up with a place, the Wang family's small villa was his only option.

However, what kind of reason could he use to look for the senior in this villa?

Song Qingshu had looked at the long johns he was holding that had saved his life twice, and had firmly gritted his teeth.

And so, he was now standing at the door of the Wang family's small villa.

At around ten o'clock, no one in the villa was asleep yet. Mother Wang was upstairs watching a TV drama with a facial mask on, Father Wang was in his study working hard for the sake of his readers, and the old man was downstairs watching a new moral and angsty drama epic, Old Driver, Give Me a Ride Please 5 . This TV show was about an injured but ambitious retired driver who, in order to achieve his dream of becoming a champion racer, brought his two daughters drag racing with him on Mount Qiuming; in the end, he was able to nurture them into becoming champion racers.

5(This is the title of a Yunnan folk song that became famous online for its sexual innuendo. In this context, 'old driver' is someone well-versed in sex, and 'to drive a car' means sexting. If it gets very racy (what a fitting pun), the phrase 'drag racing' is then used..) The old man was absorbed in the show when the doorbell suddenly rang. He was old and quite deaf, and the bell rang quite a few more times before he noticed it. At the same time, on the second floor, Wang Ling also expanded his vision for a look.

"Who is it?" Hands crossed behind his back, the old man slowly walked to the door. He opened it to find a wretched-looking man standing there. From his appearance, he was over thirty years old. He looked a little haggard, and was unshaven and a little slovenly.

The old man narrowed his eyes. "You are...?"

Song Qingshu lightly sent out his spiritual senses, and discovered that the old man standing in front of him seemed to be just an ordinary old man who didn't possess any spirit energy. But despite that, Song Qingshu didn't dare to dismiss him in the slightest.

What if the old man was just deliberately hiding his strength?

"Senior..." He cringed as he looked at the old man, but after a moment, he finally took a deep breath, stared at the old man in front of him as if he was mustering up courage, and held out the long johns in both hands. "I... I'm here to return these long johns!"

Old Man Wang was a little startled when he realized that these long johns really did belong to them — he was the one who'd bought these long johns from the textile market. Back then there had been a big sale in the market, and he had bought a dozen or so of them at once. With one touch, he recognized this familiar texture.

"It's our long johns." The old man nodded his head, then asked Song Qingshu, "Are you in trouble?"

Even though it had been more than an hour since Ah Zuo's assassination attempt, Song Qingshu's hands were still shaking and he had no words, not knowing what to say.

The old man was a person rich in experience, after all. When he had gotten mixed up in a gang in his youth, he had encountered all kinds of people. After working as a chef for decades, he had seen all sorts of diners; when they frowned, he was like a parasite in their stomachs that could tell what they were thinking about.

The old man had seen that Song Qingshu's real purpose definitely wasn't as simple as returning the long johns, but was something else. Furthermore, it was so late and obviously an unusual time to pay a visit.

Heaving a sigh, the old man patted Song Qingshu on the shoulder. "Young man, come in first... if there's something troubling you, you need to say it. How will I know what it is if you don't say anything?"





Chapter 152 People with Slit Eyes Are Monsters!


Song Qingshu slunk through the door with a guilty conscience. After all, he had come here several times in order to grab the stone ghost mask and had even sent his subordinates to take it by force... but now he fully understood that the true strength of this household wasn't something that he could contend against; a pair of long johns could send the Lady of the Castle's competent subordinate, Ah Zuo, flying. How frighteningly strong must the senior be, to be able to create such a magic treasure?

The old man poured Song Qingshu a glass of water, placed it on the coffee table and pushed it in front of him. "Is there anything you want to say?"

The old man had always been a very easygoing person; when he smiled, in particular, his eyes would crinkle into slits and make him look very kindly. However, Song Qingshu didn't dare let down his guard in the least. Although he couldn't sense even the slightest bit of spirit energy from the old man, there was a good saying... people with slit eyes were monsters 1 !

1(Slit eyes in anime, manga and gaming culture can denote a conniving or sinister personality.) Maybe this great senior was sounding him out?

And this glass of water...

Could he drink it? Should he drink it?

Or was this a test?

Song Qingshu stared at this glass of water, lost in endless thought... this scene was exactly the same as the one at the dining table back then, when Lord Thunder had been confused as to whether or not to eat the broccoli which Grandfather Wang had given him.

Song Qingshu had been feeling a little queasy since arriving at the Wang family's small villa; for some reason, he felt like someone was staring at him from behind. At first glance, this villa couldn't be any more ordinary — it wasn't even equipped with a spirit array, so he didn't understand why it felt like his soul was being stifled here.

After taking ten minutes to calm down, and feeling like a kid who had been caught copying homework by his teacher-in-charge, Song Qingshu finally confessed to the old man.

Because he had so much to say as he told the old man almost all the ins and outs of the whole story, the old man was slow to react given his advanced age. After struggling to sort out the main points, he then said slowly, "Oh, so you wanted to buy that mask in the beginning? But Little Lei took it away with him..."

Little... Little Lei?

Song Qingshu felt that his three views had been overturned.

Nowadays, how many people would dare address Great Death-Courting Senior like this?

Instantly, Song Qingshu became even more in awe of the old man! Even if he had carefully checked him inside out and still couldn't sense any spirit energy, he had nonetheless already acknowledged this old man as a great senior in his mind! He didn't have the slightest doubt, moreover, that this old man was a big name at the level of a living fossil!

"Because you didn't manage to buy the mask for your boss, he's now coming after you, is that it?" The old man sighed; young people nowadays were really too rowdy. It was just one mask and they made such a big deal out of it, even to the point of being ready to kill for it.

The old man felt that his abilities weren't enough to help Song Qingshu; after thinking for a bit, he stretched out his leg to prod at Er Ha's little butt to get it to bring Wang Ling downstairs.

Er Ha was a little irritated at its sleep being disturbed.

Song Qingshu looked at this strangely-colored akita; he had thought it was a domestic soul pet, but when this guy was kicked by the old man, it unexpectedly gave Song Qingshu an angry look.

Song Qingshu felt like he had seen this expression somewhere before.

This definitely wasn't an ordinary dog. For some reason, in the instant when Song Qingshu and the dog's eyes met, he saw a demon king standing on the top of a cliff as it commanded thousands of demons below it. It had sharp eyes and was full of vim and vigor. With a wave of its hand, it could destroy an entire world...

Song Qingshu was stunned.

An illusion?

The old man: "Our Wang Ling brought this dog home from school; leaders were paying the school a visit, and it couldn't be kept there. But the little fellow is very loyal and very easy to care for."

"So that's it..." Song Qingshu sighed at the old man's explanation. "Senior, if I may be so bold as to ask, who is Wang Ling?"

"Wang Ling is my grandson, he's still in high school."

Still in... high school?

Song Qingshu felt his three views being refreshed once again.

What the heck was up with this family?

Song Qingshu: "Which high school is that?"

The old man: "Number 60 High School."

Song Qingshu: "..."

Under normal circumstances, the old man would be exuberant whenever he mentioned his grandson. The pride of the old generation in their grandchildren was forever endless and inexplicable. But it was not right for him to say too much. He had never wanted to become embroiled in matters between cultivators. For the old man to be able to sit here and listen to Song Qingshu's long-winded confession for such a long time was purely in the name of neighborly spirit.

If it had been a couple's quarrel, the old man thought that he might have been able to be like Bai Wanqing 2 and act as mediator, but when it came to cultivation, the Wang family could only rely on Wang Ling.

2(Bai Wanqing is a celebrity TV show judge..) ...

Still on the second floor, Wang Ling had actually already heard Song Qingshu complaining to the old man.

He was being hunted down by Mo Immortal Castle and wouldn't necessarily be safe even if he escaped abroad, so he had come to the Wang family for help.

In fact, Wang Ling had originally wanted to ignore this, but just as he had decided to pay it no attention, this damn eyelid began twitching violently once again.

It had been a long time since his eyelid warning had made an appearance... if he ignored this matter, the consequences would be even worse.

After deep contemplation, Wang Ling slowly went downstairs. He was dressed in big white bunny pajamas, his cute and soft attire in sharp contrast to his unsmiling, poker face.

When Wang Ling went downstairs, the old man had already returned to his binge-watching on one side, leaving Song Qingshu by himself.

Song Qingshu was a little nervous and also a little puzzled... he wondered what this great senior meant by leaving the matter to his grandson who was still in high school.

But when he saw Wang Ling approach him, clad in pajamas that completely clashed with his appearance, Song Qingshu was utterly stunned!

Because even if this person turned to ash... he would never ever forget him!

He was sure that this was the youngster in white who had shown up at Lord Thunder's villa and who had caused Great Saint and Second Saint to die by backlash when they had gone to seize the stone ghost mask!

This teenager had not only caused Great Saint and Second Saint's deaths, he had also caused Third Saint to defect... the crucial thing was that he had a close relationship with Lord Thunder.

Either way, this teenager was responsible for the fact that he had fallen to this point.

Song Qingshu could never have imagined that he had finally come full circle, and that the person whom he had found to help him would actually be this teenager!

He was furious!

But he now already had his back up against a wall. There was no one else who could help him except this youngster.

On the side, Er Ha gave Song Qingshu a look, then quietly dropped its head and walked up to him to stretch out its claws and pat him comfortingly on the leg.

No matter how angry you were, you still had to struggle to keep a smile on your face — Er Ha understood this feeling the most!





Chapter 153 You Need a Bag of Laundry Detergen


Wang Ling called Lord Thunder over from Wenxian Garden to deliberate the matter of Song Qingshu's request for help.

After receiving the message, Lord Thunder immediately sped over on Sheep. It took him less than five minutes to reach the Wang family's main entrance.

After Lord Thunder had taken Sheep back with him, he had entrusted the tricycle to a brother who specialized in magic artifacts to repair it. After hearing that Wang Ling was looking for him that night, he had taken the opportunity to bring the tricycle with him.

At the gate, he saw that the front door of the Wang family's small villa was slightly ajar; Wang Ling had used air pressure to crack it open.

What Song Qingshu then saw was this Great Death-Courting Senior and a pink-haired lolita in a pair of blue lace suspender shorts and wearing a little gray coat enter the house. The lolita looked like she was only six years old with meatball-shaped buns on her head. She blinked as she looked around.

Noticing that Lord Thunder was holding the lolita by the hand, Song Qingshu's heart couldn't help jumping... he had never heard that this Great Death-Courting Senior had a daughter, so where had this lolita come from?

After coming in, Lord Thunder immediately saw that Grandfather Wang was binge-watching Old Driver, Please Give Me a Ride , which was the hottest show on at the moment. He didn't dare disturb the old man, but at this moment, he had already secretly decided that when he returned home today, he would watch this TV series from beginning to end... maybe he could gain some enlightenment from it!

Mm... there was a reason for every move that great senior made!

Leading Sheep to Wang Ling by the hand, Lord Thunder was straightaway dumbstruck when he saw Wang Ling's pajamas: Damn, Brother Ling, aren't you a little cute today?!

Following that, he clasped his fists in salute and said to Wang Ling in his big white bunny pajamas, "Brother Ling, I bring Sheep back to you..."

Wang Ling stared at the lolita and raised his eyebrows.

Lord Thunder rubbed the lolita's head. "Brother Ling, are you relieved now?"

Wang Ling cupped his chin and nodded. This already wasn't the first time that Sheep had transformed, but in her previous transformations, her clothes and accessories had really been too tragic a sight because of the rust and flaking paint on the tricycle. It was certainly much better now after the maintenance!

Sheep pointed at Lord Thunder, her face full of excitement. "This uncle asked someone to help paint, wax and grease me! It felt really nice!"

Lord Thunder: "..."

"..." Somehow, Wang Ling felt that her remark sounded a little dodgy!

...

After listening to Song Qingshu explain the whole story, Lord Thunder looked at him and laughed. "It turns out that you were the one who sent that bunch of people to fight us for the stone ghost mask back then. Now that you've been abandoned and reduced to being hunted down, you've come to us for help? If you knew today would happen, why did you do all that at the beginning?"

Song Qingshu sighed with a deeply bitter and resentful expression on his face. "Given the current situation, I have no other option. I can only turn to both seniors for help. If both seniors can help me, I can help you get what you want..."

"Let's hear it first then." Lord Thunder leaned back against the sofa, drawing Sheep down to hug her from behind. Sheep wriggled and wrenched herself free in disgust.

Staring at Wang Ling and Lord Thunder, Song Qingshu said, "I know that seniors have been looking for information on the maker of the stone ghost mask..."

Hearing this, Wang Ling and Lord Thunder's eyes lit up. "You have a lead?"

Song Qingshu nodded solemnly. "Yes!" The head of Green Gang, Zhou Jie, had given him this piece of news, and it was over ninety percent reliable.

Actually, Song Qingshu knew he didn't have any sort of bargaining chip at all. Cultivators nowadays could use plenty of ways to extract memories, and given the strength of these two, it would take them no effort at all to read his memories.

But he was not stupid... long before he had come to the Wang family's villa, he had magically locked down this particular memory. If the spell was broken forcefully, the memory would disappear altogether. He was well aware that this was his only bargaining chip. Even then, he still wasn't sure if Wang Ling had other ways of prying into his memories.

After all, this was the great senior capable of transforming a pair of long johns so that it could kill a Soul Formation cultivator by backlash!

"Smart of you to use a spell to lock down your own memory." Lord Thunder's pupils flickered with light as he looked at Song Qingshu. This was the Heavenly Eye at the Soul Formation stage. Although it was far less strong than Wang Ling's, it wasn't difficult to pick out clues.

But very quickly, Lord Thunder frowned when he discovered a black blotch on Song Qingshu's soul. He was shocked. "Soul brand?" He had seen many soul brands before, and the more sinister the brand, the darker its color. For example, Song Qingshu's soul brand was so black it had fucking turned into black fungus!

Song Qingshu dropped his head and sighed. "Anyone who works at Mo Immortal Castle has their soul branded by the Lord of the Castle like this..."

Lord Thunder cupped his chin, lost in thought. There were many ways to get rid of a soul brand. However, Song Qingshu's soul brand was too deeply entrenched, and would be hard to get rid of via general means. This brand tied to Song Qingshu's soul was now like a ticking time bomb. Not only was there a risk of it exposing his position, the person in question was also extremely vulnerable to long-range curses.

"Does Brother Ling have any way to wash off this soul brand?" Lord Thunder asked with a frown.

Wang Ling nodded, then stood up and went to the bathroom on the first floor of the Wang family's small villa. He then took out a red-colored bag from a cupboard.

On the side, Lord Thunder and Song Qingshu who saw this familiar bag were both dumbfounded. "..."

Lord Thunder: "...Brother Ling, what's this?"

Wang Ling pulled the bag open.

Inside it, pure white granules emanated a golden light, and the scent of honey locust suffused the air.

This was a bag of OMO laundry detergent which Wang Ling had already blessed...

...

At the same time, a woman approached the Wang family's small villa outside. She was dressed in a cheongsam and a pair of red heels.

She had followed Song Qingshu's soul brand and tracked it down here.

"This is the place... did you think the Lord wouldn't know that you were hiding here?" The woman sneered as she had already smelled Song Qingshu's scent.

"Song Qingshu, come out and face death! On orders from the Lady of the Castle, I have come to take revenge for Ah Zuo!" The woman had yet to make a move, but her deafening and wrathful voice went straight to the heart.

But most unfortunately, this shout didn't get any reply at all...

"Damn it! Song Qingshu, if you'd rather be a tortoise and hide in your shell, this old mother is going to break in! I swear I'll kill everyone in this villa!" The woman in the red cheongsam flew into a rage.

Just as she was about to take the next step and launch an attack on the villa, the front door of the Wang family's small villa opened...

A teenager in big white bunny pajamas slowly came out...





Chapter 154 Senior Wang's Home is Full of Treasure


It had been nearly midnight when Song Qingshu had come to the Wang family for help.

To be honest, Mo Immortal Castle had moved quicker than he had expected. He would have just reached the airport at this time, and might have been captured on the spot before he could fly... he was now a little glad for the choice that he had made. With Lord Thunder and this Senior White Rabbit who possessed an unfathomable realm, he would definitely be completely protected!

Song Qingshu had given Wang Ling this nickname White Rabbit for the time being.

At this point, the big ancient pendulum clock on the first floor of the Wang family's small villa struck twelve times; it was midnight exactly.

Wang Ling approached the gate in just a pair of pajamas.

The woman in the red cheongsam stopped shouting and sneered as she looked at Song Qingshu behind Wang Ling. "So you finally came out?"

"Miss Ah You, you shouldn't have come..." Song Qingshu came out from behind Wang Ling. Maybe it was because of Wang Ling and Lord Thunder's presence, but his confidence had risen quite a bit.

"You severely injured Ah Zuo and attempted to desert Mo Immortal Castle. This is already a capital offence," Ah You snarled.

At the same time, the bones in her right hand popped and twisted together at a bizarre angle, like a bundle of tough beef tendons, and finally started spinning at a high speed like an electric drill!

This woman had unexpectedly turned her right hand into a magic weapon.

Song Qingshu was well aware in his heart that when it came to realms and overall quality, this Ah You could absolutely seckill 1 him. Their realms were not on the same level; crushing someone of a lower realm than you was as simple as killing a chicken or a dog. In a normal one-on-one situation, it was impossible to kill someone with a higher realm than you.

1('Seckill' or 'second kill' is a literal translation of 秒杀, which originated in online gaming to refer to how a strong player can kill his opponent in seconds ..) But he wasn't the slightest bit nervous as he slowly moved into position and stretched out a hand in a beckoning gesture. "Come on then."

Compared with that Ah Zuo, the attack by this Miss Ah You was obviously more violent. Her right hand electric drill was like a supreme magic weapon that could crack open earth and sky. Bathed in a dazzling light, this Miss Ah You straightened her back and lunged forward like a mighty dragon crossing the river as she swiftly launched an attack.

From Ah Zuo's fingers to Ah You's entire right hand, even Lord Thunder had never heard of this method of turning a body part into a magic weapon. This Ah You's attack was clearly more aggressive than Ah Zuo's; when she was still airborne, she thrust the lightning whirl of her right hand forward.

In the face of this poisonous lightning dragon drill, Song Qingshu didn't use any gaudy tricks, and only crossed his arms in front of his body; he couldn't even see Ah You's attack trajectory.

This was what the gap in realms looked liked; the woman's movements were too fast for him to follow at all with his eyes.

In a flash, she collided with him, and the air around them surged up in a roar.

The poisonous lightning dragon drill was extraordinary; it hit the precise point where Song Qingshu's arms were crossed, and its power was so tremendous that the ground collapsed little by little until Song Qingshu's entire body was pushed down into it like a rivet.

However, when the woman had attacked, his arms had glowed with a golden light.

Boom !

That golden light exploded on the scene, and the woman's right hand was badly mangled as she was directly flung back, light as a scarecrow, to smash through a thick old tree behind her. She flew for several hundred meters more over the ground before she finally stopped.

This scene was familiar... it was the backlash from this golden light before that had caused Ah Zuo to suffer heavy injuries.

Conversely, except for a little ash on him, Song Qingshu wasn't hurt in the least.

He climbed out of the pit, dusted himself off, and couldn't help turning to Wang Ling to give him a thumbs-up and a grateful look. "Senior! Your long underwear is really useful!"

Wang Ling: "..."

Ah You's cheongsam had already been shredded. She slowly climbed up from the ground barefooted on shaky legs. Her entire right arm had turned to pulp, the flesh practically falling off the bone and bleeding profusely.

The only reason she could still stand was because of her superior realm; an average cultivator in the same situation would have already long died from the unbearable pain.

Song Qingshu swiftly approached the woman, covering a distance of several hundred meters in less than a few microseconds.

Enduring the excruciating pain, Ah You looked at Song Qingshu. "With your realm, there's no way you can have such speed..."

"I used a magic weapon." Song Qingshu pointed to the ground and flexed his big toes a little.

Ah You was stunned when she realized that it was, unexpectedly, a pair of flip-flops...

"I had come to ask Senior Wang for help, and we had a good chat at his house. I didn't expect you to suddenly come here, and I didn't even have time to change out of my house slippers," said Song Qingshu.

This competent assistant of the Lady of the Castle, Ah You, stared disbelievingly at this scene. "...What kind of joke is this?"

As he spoke, Song Qingshu pushed his outerwear aside to reveal a whole set of red long underwear. "Look... these long johns are also from senior's family. It's these two magic treasures that stopped your attack, otherwise I would have died already."

Ah You refused to accept this result and directly spat out blood.

Are you kidding me?!

Song Qingshu said darkly, "Senior Wang is very generous and doesn't want to interfere. But you've been bothering this great person persistently... go back and tell the Lord that Senior Wang has already promised to protect me, and he should be careful — if he wants to live a few more years, it would be best if he didn't simply stir up trouble."

"..." Wang Ling felt that after Zhuo Yi, he was being coerced again.

"You actually dare to threaten the Lord? Let me tell you, I was already prepared before I came today... I'll kill you even if I can't go back!" The woman stared fiercely at Song Qingshu, but then her expression quickly changed into one of alarm. "Why... why can't I sense your soul brand?"

"Want to kill me with a curse?" Song Qingshu laughed slightly. "Very regretfully, Senior Wang already helped me wash it clean with laundry detergent before you arrived."

"Laundry detergent..." Ah You was dumbfounded.

Reasonably speaking, the soul brand which the Lord of the Castle had marked Song Qingshui with had already reached the point where it could no longer be cleansed. What the hell kind of laundry detergent was this... could it really get rid of ninety-nine kinds of stains? Damn it!

"Do you have any last words?" Song Qingshu asked.

"You have no idea how much trouble you've stirred up! Ah Zuo and I work for the Lady, but we were also hired by her; we don't really belong to Mo Immortal Castle, but to Immortal Mansion! If you dare go up against them, they'll never let you go." The woman sneered as she stared at Song Qingshu. "Besides, even if I'm injured, as long as the other two people don't make a move, do you think a Nascent Soul person like you can kill me?"

Immortal Mansion?

Hearing this, Wang Ling and Lord Thunder's eyes narrowed slightly.

"Is that all you wanted to say?"

Song Qingshu completely dismissed her words. He had been hunted by Mo Immortal Castle and had been on edge for so long... now, he was delighting in their reversed situations.

In his hand, he had a toothpick which he had taken from the Wang family's small villa.

When he was done speaking, the toothpick flew out, propelled by spirit energy, and directly pierced the woman's forehead.

The woman died resentful. The skull of a cultivator at Soul Formation stage was so tough that there was nothing in the world which they feared at all; the woman completely hadn't expected that in the end, she would die because of a toothpick.

The spirit energy in the toothpick then exploded in the woman's brain, and this tiny toothpick directly blasted a bloody fist-sized hole in her forehead.

Hands shaking, Song Qingshu stared at this hole in the head which he had caused. He couldn't calm down for a long time after that from how excited and carefree he felt.





Chapter 155 A Lewd Female Cultivator


Everything came to an end for the moment.

Ah You had been killed and for the time being Song Qingshu could rest easy.

However, Mo Immortal Castle's revenge had in fact only just began. Song Qingshu was well aware that since he had badly injured Ah Zuo and killed Ah You, the Lady of the Castle wouldn't let him go so easily. More powerful killers would probably appear after this, but he already no longer had anything to fear... after all, he was a man with long johns!

Besides, his soul brand had been washed clean with Senior Wang's house OMO laundry detergent, so it would be more difficult than Mo Immortal Castle had expected to find him now.

"It seems like I've never been able to do anything bad successfully since young. If I'd known sooner, I would never have joined the dark side." Song Qingshu sighed in his heart, then took out a bottle filled with a purple liquid. This was a bottle of body-dissolving fluid.

He poured all the fluid over Ah You... a pungent odor filled the air and the shredded red cheongsam on the corpse started to disintegrate. The cheongsam was originally a body armor immortal treasure, but it still couldn't resist the powerful corrosive effects of the body-dissolving fluid. Nonetheless, the fluid also had its limits — it was able to eat through the cheongsam, but the body remained completely intact.

Song Qingshu was bewildered. The body-dissolving fluid could instantly break down even the bodies of Nascent Soul cultivators, but unexpectedly it was of no use on Soul Formation cultivators.

Sure enough, the disparity between the bodies of Nascent Soul cultivators and Soul Formation cultivators was too great even though it was only a difference of one realm level.

Thinking about how he had been stuck at his realm for a long time, Song Qingshu couldn't help lamenting in his heart.

"Is there any more body-dissolving fluid?" Lord Thunder asked when he saw the situation.

Song Qingshu held up a bottle. "There's only one left..."

"Give it to me." Lord Thunder took the bottle, then opened it and sprinkled some fine powder inside before shaking the bottle to mix it in.

Song Qingshu's face was full of surprise. "Senior... may I ask, what is that powder?"

Lord Thunder: "Of course it's your Senior Wang's home OMO washing powder."

Song Qingshu: "..."

After the washing powder had completely dissolved in the body-dissolving fluid, Lord Thunder poured the liquid over the corpse once again. This time, the woman's corpse straightaway turned into spirals of vapor that quickly started to evaporate. Furthermore, that pungent odor also disappeared to be replaced by a soapy fragrance!

Song Qingshu couldn't help giving Wang Ling a thumbs-up; Senior White Rabbit Wang was really awesome!

Senior Wang, does your family's toilet cleaner have the same effect?

Can your insecticide directly poison a Soul Formation cultivator?

Wang Ling: "..."

The three people stood over Ah You's corpse and waited for it to completely vanish. At the same time, spirit light suddenly flickered next to the corpse and several items appeared.

These items had originally been hidden in Ah You's earring storage space, but after the body-dissolving fluid had corrupted the storage space, the things inside it had dropped by the body, like the items dropped in video games.

Perhaps because it had been a short-term assassination assignment, the woman hadn't actually brought much with her.

Among the items was a black and unusually shaped weapon: it looked like a magic sword with a hilt, but the body was very strange as it was made up of seven black balls linked together.

Song Qingshu had a stupefied look on his face as he held this black magic sword. "Are Soul Formation female cultivators nowadays so lewd that they will even carry vibrators on them?!"

Wang Ling: "..."

It was Lord Thunder who recognized it. "...This is the Seven Stars Sword."

"Seven Stars Sword?"

"I saw it in an old book. It's a first-class holy weapon, and one of the three magic objects which Immortal Zhenyuan used, along with the Purple Gold Gourd and the Golden Canopy Rope. I would never have thought that this person would have it on her," said Lord Thunder.

Immortal Zhenyuan...

Hearing this name, Song Qingshu couldn't help but pull his neck in.

This was a legendary figure from the same era as the legendary Devil Emperor Gua Pi. The first time that the Gate Between Worlds had come to Earth and the human cultivators had fought valiantly against the massive invasion of the demon race, it was Immortal Zhenyuan who had found a way to shut the gate.

Lord Thunder cupped his chin as he pondered. "Legend has it that the Seven Stars Sword has the ability to move mountains, and can direct the strength of the earth for its own use."

Song Qingshu: "Then why didn't she use it?"

"A first-class holy weapon is already extraordinary in itself; for Soul Formation cultivators to be able to use a fourth- or fifth-class grade holy weapon is already their upper limit," said Lord Thunder. "It's worth investigating why this woman had this Seven Stars Sword on her."

As they spoke, the both of them looked over the other items that had dropped on the ground.

Apart from the Seven Stars Sword, there were some unfamiliar elixirs as well as a bottle filled with a purple potion.

This purple potion was the body-dissolving fluid. The woman's original plan had clearly been to deal with Song Qingshu and then directly destroy his corpse. Most unfortunately for her, she had not expected an ending like this.

Eyes sweeping over the ground, Lord Thunder saw that there were no other valuable items. Losing interest, he returned his gaze to the Seven Stars Sword as he picked it up and studied it carefully.

The Seven Stars Sword was the only unexpected bonus.

After asking for Wang Ling's opinion, Lord Thunder didn't hesitate to directly pocket it.

Wang Ling paid no mind to these insignificant first-class holy objects — his body had long become holy itself, and there were almost no magic weapons in the world that could harm him.

However, among the things scattered on the ground, there was still one object which Song Qingshu and Lord Thunder had ignored, but which had drawn Wang Ling's attention.

He crooked his finger, and the object flew straight into his hand.

It was a palm-sized bronze medal that was only as thick as a coin. The medal was engraved with a lotus flower, which Wang Ling thought probably symbolized the woman's identity or the actual organization she belonged to.

He remembered the woman yelling that she was from Immortal Mansion...

Was this Immortal Mansion's token?

Wang Ling didn't dare to assume that this was the case. It was a pity that the woman was already dead; Song Qingshu had been too heavy-handed and had caused her brain to directly explode. Otherwise, Wang Ling could have used his Memory Probe Spell to look for clues.

Staring blankly at the the bronze medal in Wang Ling's hand, Song Qingshu asked them, "Do both seniors know what kind of organization Immortal Mansion is?"

Wang Ling frowned; he had a hunch that this organization wasn't so simple...

Besides, his sixth sense was always right.

"I think I've heard of this organization before; if I had to make a guess, the reason why this woman has the Seven Stars Sword is very likely closely linked to this organization." Lord Thunder narrowed his eyes. "I'll investigate this in more detail. But before that, I would like to ask Brother Ling..."

Wang Ling: "?"

"Do you have more long johns? As your brother, hurry up and give me two pairs!"





Chapter 156 I Don't Want This Gift!


It was June 2nd on Wednesday in the sixth week of the semester.

After a busy night yesterday, Wang Ling had thought about a lot of things.

Song Qingshu had used a lead on the maker of the stone ghost mask as a bargaining chip in order to forcefully hug their thighs. Wang Ling really loathed this type of behavior because he always felt it would be very troublesome.

In fact, he had been opposed to it from the very beginning.

However, his eyelid warning had persistently reminded him that if he dismissed this issue, even bigger problems would arise.

Hence, everything he had done in the end was just out of sheer helplessness.

Whether he accepted the situation or not, either option was troublesome. Given this was the case, the only choice Wang Ling had was to cut his losses in order to prevent the situation from becoming worse.

And the other thing was this Immortal Mansion...

Wang Ling had very limited knowledge of the powers present in the cultivation world because he had never bothered at all to learn about these trivial matters. It was Lord Thunder who had told him a lot about how the forces were distributed.

The cultivation world was currently split between the light and dark forces.

The light forces were sects with business licenses. In addition to accepting disciples and receiving tuition fees, these sects also had an independent spirit grass cultivation base so that they could be self-sufficient as well as sell for profit. Of course, the light forces also acknowledged the Huaxiu government's central authority, and the sects were open and transparent about their state of affairs. Disciples were only accepted into the sects after they had completed their compulsory state education and had cultivated independently for at least a hundred years. At a basic level, there hence was no conflict of interest between the government's Education Department and the light forces.

As for the dark forces, to sum them up in one phrase... they were unlicensed sects. Huaxiu nation's attitude toward such powers had always been to crack down hard on them and punish them severely.

As the owner of the cultivation forum and cultivation chat group, Lord Thunder was in contact with every single light force. He was well aware of how the powers were distributed, so if it was a power he had never heard of before, it had to be one of the dark forces.

Ah Zuo and Ah You had been hired by the Lady of Mo Immortal Castle as mercenaries. Perhaps they weren't crucial existences in Immortal Mansion's chain of power. Yet these two peripheral figures had Soul Formation realms. Furthermore, they were able to refine parts of their own bodies into magic weapons.

It could only be said that, as an unlicensed dark force, the power behind Immortal Mansion was truly incomprehensible.

After dealing with the items scattered on the ground, Song Qingshu had followed Lord Thunder back to Wenxian Garden. For the time being, he would work as the latter's assistant to investigate this issue. After Third Saint, he was the second person to betray Mo Immortal Castle.

After they left, Wang Ling had looked at the time — it was nearly three o'clock in the morning, but he still had had quite a few exercise sheets which he had yet to finish!

The biggest headache was that the content of these exercises as prepared by Teacher Pan was not covered in the syllabus! Wang Ling had had to spend five or six minutes previewing the material before he could get his pen and eraser gremlins to help him finish the homework!

As a precious sixteen-year-old baby, he really felt very tired in his heart!

...

...

When Wang Ling arrived at class in the morning, for the first time today, there was nobody copying homework. Even Chen Chao and Guo Hao, the two damn nerds who always played games together all night, handed in their homework on time.

There was definitely something fishy going on. Given what Wang Ling knew about these two people since meeting them, something was definitely wrong for them to suddenly become so diligent!

He read their memories and found out why.

Sun Rong hadn't come to school today.

This was because the Grade One students at Number 60 High School would be participating in the military training in the middle of this month, and when Number 59 High School had heard this, the two headmasters had discussed it and then decided to simply have their military training together and conveniently promote friendship between the two schools. Thus, Sun Rong had been sent to Number 59 High School for the time being as a way of fostering links between the two schools beforehand.

In exchange, Number 59 High School would also send a student to Number 60 High School as an exchange student to experience the difference in culture between the two schools.

The two headmasters had completely decided this themselves first without notifying anyone else. It was only at the teachers' morning meeting yesterday that everyone had been notified, so most of the students were still in the dark about it.

But as a class representative, Guo Hao was often in and out of the teacher's office, and thus had learned about the situation first... this was also the reason why two people in particular hadn't copied homework in class this morning.

Because, they had heard that the exchange student from Number 59 High School was also its school beauty. It would be too disgraceful if they were caught copying homework by this school beauty!

"I wonder who Number 59 High School will send..." Chen Chao cupped his chin as he stared at the classroom door, eagerly awaiting the person of his dreams to show up.

There were not a few school beauties in Number 59 High School. Though they didn't have Sun Rong's lethal magnetic field that could draw in passerbys, the male students in Grade One, Class Three had actually grown a little too used to Sun Rong after being exposed to her for so long. Most critically, Sun Rong was too far away for them... this was a girl whom they had no hope of being with at all.

In contrast, the ordinary school beauty from Number 59 High School might be more their type.

It wasn't long before they heard Teacher Pan's footsteps in the corridor.

"She's here, she's here!" Guo Hao's pupils contracted slightly.

From afar, he could perceive that there were two auras next to Teacher Pan...

Was this... two exchange students?

Teacher Pan paused when she reached the classroom door, and turned to address the two exchange students. "Don't be nervous, our Grade One, Class Three students are very friendly; from now until the military training, I hope your time here at Number 60 High School will be a rewarding one."

After that, Teacher Pan walked straight into the classroom.

And stepping into Grade One, Class Three behind her were the two students from Number 59 High School.

Chen Chao and Guo Hao almost flipped their desks — it turned out to be two male students!

Fuck!!! We used our top school beauty in Number 60 High School in the exchange! Why do we get just these two things?!

As for these two male students, they could be considered old acquaintances of Number 60 High School and were even associated with Wang Ling...

Standing on the dais, Teacher Pan happily introduced the two students from Number 59 High School. "Students, let me introduce them to you. On the left is Student He Bufeng. On the right is Student Tang Jingze... let's give them a round of applause!"

Papapapa...

After a moment of token clapping, Guo Hao couldn't help asking doubtfully, "Teacher Pan, these two students don't seem to be Grade One students... is that really okay?"

"It's like this... due to personal reasons, Student He Bufeng has never participated in the school military training before, so he'll be taking part in the military training with the Grade One students this time round. As for Student Tang Jingze..." Teacher Pan pushed up her glasses. "Because we sent Student Sun Rong to Number 59 High School, Headmaster Jin felt that it wasn't good to have just Student He Bufeng come as the exchange student, so he sent Student Tang Jingze together with him..."

There was dead silence in Grade One, Class Three... because based on Teacher Pan's words, this guy was a freebie!

Wang Ling: "..." What damn freebie!

"Student Tang Jingze's grades are excellent. If there is anything any of you don't understand, you can ask him to teach you." Teacher Pan cleared her throat and pondered over what she was going to say next, a slight flush on her face. "Furthermore, Student He Bufeng's family operates a men's hospital, and he's brought a gift for the exchange at our Number 60 High School... for the next six months, all Number 60 High School male students can enjoy fifty percent off on circumcision services at the hospital when they present their student IDs."

"What about the girls?" Lin Xiaoyu raised her hand and asked.

Teacher Pan: "Hair removal."

Everyone in Grade One, Class Three: "..." I don't want this gift!





Chapter 157 A Large Roulingzhi in the Air!


In the heart of the city stood a magnificent building.

The office of the Lord of Mo Immortal Castle's secretary, the Lady of the Castle, was on the top floor. The huge French windows offered a panoramic view of the city, and especially in the evening, the night lights in the city's central district could make a person feel nostalgic.

It was eight o'clock in the morning.

A woman with her hair pinned up and wearing black old-fashioned attire stood in front of a window, her eyebrows knitted and her gaze a little blank.

Upon reaching the office, the Lady had received bad news — her subordinate Ah You's life sign had disappeared!

Everyone who worked at Mo Immortal Castle had their souls branded by the Lord, which allowed them to be monitored using a unique life detector. If a life sign suddenly disappeared, it meant one of two things: either the soul brand had been cleansed, or the person was dead...

The Lady of the Castle had been well aware of Ah You's plan since it had been her idea to send Ah You to take revenge on Song Qingshu.

In the end, both Song Qingshu and Ah You's soul brands had disappeared!

Just because of one Song Qingshu, she had actually lost her two beloved generals...

The Lady of the Castle found it hard to accept this result.

Furthermore, she didn't dare assume that Song Qingshu was truly dead.

According to the life detector, Song Qingshu's soul brand had vanished, but they couldn't rule out the possibility that this guy might have found a way to remove it.

While she was pondering this, the clear glass of the French window turned hazy. Seeing the black shadow that appeared in the window, the Lady's eyes widened and she bowed slightly with some trepidation. "Lord!"

As the black shadow spoke, its voice echoed repeatedly as it seemed to come out of an ethereal void. "I see that Song Qingshu's soul brand has disappeared. Is he dead then?"

Lowering her head, the Lady of the Castle solemnly answered, "We have yet to confirm it."

"This time, because of a mere foot soldier, we've again lost two top generals. You must reflect on this..."

"Yes, Lord."

The Lady clasped her fists in a salute to the black shadow. "This subordinate will uncover the truth as soon as possible. I'll personally bring people to investigate right away. If Song Qingshu is truly dead, we should be able to find traces of the body-dissolving fluid at the coordinates where his life sign vanished."

"Actually, I had always suspected that there was someone supporting him behind the scenes. The deaths of Great Saint and Second Saint back then, as well as Third Saint's betrayal, is a warning to us. You must be very careful this time. From now on, no more mistakes are allowed in my Mo Immortal Castle..."

"Lord, please rest assured. Even if there is someone behind Song Qingshu, not just anyone can shake Mo Immortal Castle's current foundations — given the Lord's strength, as long as we can find the stone ghost mask, it'll only be a matter of time before you conquer the world."

The Lord nodded. "Mm, the matter of the stone ghost mask must be clearly investigated as soon as possible."

Just then, the black shadow of the Lord on the French window unexpectedly shuddered, and then there was a miserable "Ah!" cry in the void. Right after that, the black shadow didn't even say farewell before directly dissipating into nothingness.

The Lady of the Castle was completely dumbfounded!

Had the Lord come under attack?

"Lord? Lord?"

The Lady tried to call him twice.

After about ten seconds or so, the black shadow reappeared on the French window, and she heard the voice of the Lord in the void once again. "...It was nothing, just a little accident. My long range projector ran out of battery! The newbie forgot to charge it last night, and he even spilled coffee on my pants! Fortunately, they're waterproof!"

The Lady: "..."

...

Considering the relationship between Headmaster Jin of Number 59 High School and Headmaster Chen of Number 60 High School, both of whom were from the same sect, the relationship between the two schools was actually quite close. It was just that over the last few years, the students had started to become more competitive with each other. However, since the last spirit sword exchange meet, the relationship between the two schools had improved significantly.

Somehow, Wang Ling felt very strange seeing He Bufeng and Tang Jingze again.

In Number 59 High School back then, one had been the fearsome Senior Buliang, and the other was the president of the student union who had always been able to find fault with others. After the four-day spirit sword exchange meet, both their bad dispositions had similarly disappeared. Since then, they had embarked on the study road day after day, sticking to the path of cultivation core values.

The first two classes in the morning were Teacher Pan's Dao talismans course.

The pace of study in both schools was pretty much the same. There was no pressure for He Bufeng to learn at all, while Tang Jingze was an old senior who was about to graduate, and so knew the high school curriculum like the back of his hand.

"After the first few weeks of study, I believe everyone has an appropriate understanding of the four main talismans. The focus of the midterm exam will be the guiding talisman, which is a function-type talisman. Today, I'm going to talk to you about utilizing the extended functions of talismans."

At this point, everyone basically already knew that Teacher Pan was going to start teaching outside of the class syllabus again.

"What I'm going to talk to you about today is the meditation talisman."

Hearing this, Wang Ling couldn't help raising his eyebrow. This was a talisman that was very difficult to make. Meditation could project something relevant from the future into the air and help a person gain some enlightenment on what would be in store for them. But the chances of succeeding in this was extremely low due to the high degree of difficulty involved in making the meditation talisman.

After mixing cinnabar and spirit water together, Teacher Pan spread open the yellow talisman paper and began to conduct a preliminary demonstration. She focused her spirit energy into the writing brush and furrowed her brow as she carefully wrote on the yellow paper to ensure that there was no mistake in the sigils — the slightest error could directly lead to the meditation talisman not working.

After about three minutes, Teacher Pan put the brush aside and injected spirit energy into the yellow talisman. "Everyone, watch carefully..."

A moment later, the yellow talisman danced in the air and projected the image of a pretty, colorful skirt, which was a little out of sync with Teacher Pan's solemn and staid style...

She pushed up her glasses. "This is a magic skirt that I bought on Moubao 1 a few days ago."

1(Moubao is probably a play on Taobao, the giant Chinese online shopping website.) The demonstration had been successful, but what did the pretty skirt symbolize? Even Teacher Pan herself wasn't very clear on what kind of story would happen around the skirt. The meditation talisman could show keys things of the future, but a person had to use their imagination to guess what they represented.

After that, Teacher Pan distributed a set of tools for making talismans to each student. "Now, students, try it for yourselves based on the earlier procedure."

The classroom erupted in activity once again.

The spell for the meditation talisman was intricate and really tested a person's finesse at writing; if the thickness of the written sigils was just a little different, the spell could fail.

Even Tang Jingze, the old senior from Number 59 High School, had wasted several sheets of yellow talisman papers, and he couldn't help but frown; this was too difficult!

But in an inadvertent attempt, the yellow talisman on Guo Hao's desk suddenly hummed and gave out a burst of light.

Guo Hao looked at the floating yellow talisman in disbelief. "Did... did I do it?"

Everyone's eyes were fixed on the air... a brief moment later, a faint image appeared.

"What's this?"

Lin Xiaoyu stared curiously at the object that had appeared; it looked a lot like a mushroom fungus with a head on both ends. The top was shaped like a mouth, while there was a small hole in the bottom, and the entire thing looked very glossy...

"..." When all the boys saw it, they were immediately stunned.

Guo Hao coughed. "Do you know the taisui mushroom? This thing is our family's ancestral roulingzhi 2 !"

2(This is based on a hilarious story where a local reporter had been sent to a small village to investigate a strange fungi-like object which villagers had dug up. A villager claimed it was a type of lingzhi mushroom called the taisui. What the villagers and reporter didn't realize was that this mystery mushroom was in fact a masturbation toy with an artificial vagina on one end and an artificial anus on the other. Needless to say, after the news report aired, it was an instant hit, and the word roulingzhi, or 'fleshy lingzhi mushroom,' was coined in recognition of this comedy gold ..) Wang Ling: "..." I cannot fucking believe you!





Chapter 158 Where Does the Power of Forgiveness Come From?


It was incredibly difficult to create a meditation talisman. Apart from Guo Hao who had inadvertently completed one, everyone else's had ended up being failures. Of course, Wang Ling had been pretending, and had deliberately made a mistake in the last step of writing the sigils.

Most of the talismans that were produced were failures, so there was no way he would make himself stand out here; that would be way too eye-catching.

In fact, Wang Ling's sigils were far more uniform than Teacher Pan's. But for him, this was all just for fun; the meditation talisman wasn't of much use to him. When it came to warnings about impending disaster, his eyelid warning system was far more straightforward.

Generally speaking, this talismans lesson had been a fairly harmonious one, apart from the little disgusting episode with Guo Hao.

Guo Hao had successfully completed the meditation talisman by accident, and even he himself didn't know why such a large roulingzhi had appeared...

For one moment, the scene had been deathly awkward.

Guo Hao could only smile apologetically to alleviate the tense atmosphere.

However, Teacher Pan was, in the end, Teacher Pan. As the lead teacher at Number 60 High School and a teaching pioneer whom students were proud of, she had recognized the true meaning of this roulingzhi at one glance!

She frowned as she abruptly remembered that Student Guo Hao was often absent-minded, both in his expression and thoughts... sometimes when she was on patrol, she would even see from the back window of the class this silly student slumped over his desk, asleep! This was clearly the result of using the roulingzhi too often!

Even the meditation talisman had projected this kind of thing, which was enough to prove how lethal this roulingzhi was to teenagers... how could the flowers of the motherland indulge in this kind of strange thing?!

No amount of awkward smiles or chitchat would be able to help this situation.

Teacher Pan directly called Guo Hao's parents to come in, with the intention of discussing the roulingzhi issue.

This was really very embarrassing.

After class was over, Guo Hao returned from Teacher Pan's office and slumped over his desk, feeling exceptionally weary.

At the same time, he was howling in his heart: M y reputation, my whole life! It's ruined!

Chen Chao couldn't help patting Guo Hao on the shoulder. "That, Brother Guo, we're all men, we understand... there's actually nothing to worry about! Our class is very united, no one will tell the other classes about it!"

"At least it ended fine." Su Xiao comforted him to one side.

Tears were already gathering in the corners of Guo Hao's eyes, and he simply wanted to cry. "What fine... my parents were called in!"

Su Xiao: "When I delivered the homework to Teacher Pan just now, I heard the teachers in the office discussing your dad..."

Guo Hao: "My dad?"

Su Xiao: "They were discussing whether or not your dad is a botanist."

Guo Hao: "..."

...

It was coming up to noon, and the atmosphere in the classroom was a little heavy, which made the two fellows from another school, He Bufeng and Tang Jingze, feel very awkward. They completely didn't understand what was going on.

After careful inquiry, they found out that Mother Juan was going to deliver lunch today!

Every time everyone thought about her black-style love bento, they shuddered despite themselves.

"Doesn't Mother Juan only make bentos on Friday? Why today..." asked Chen Chao.

"Mother Juan heard that there were two students from Number 59 High School today, so she decided to make the bentos earlier, and she'll bring them here in a little while..." Su Xiao answered weakly.

Hearing this, He Bufeng and Tang Jingze felt a bit moved in their hearts...

They had long heard that Number 60 High School was hospitable. Sure enough, the kitchen auntie was too considerate! Not only had she specially made the bentos, she was also delivering them to the classroom herself!

In contrast, their Number 59 High School's attitude toward Number 60 High School back then had been simply terrible!

He Bufeng and Tang Jingze felt deeply ashamed in their hearts.

Wang Ling: "..."

These two people clearly weren't aware of how serious the problem was!

Even Wang Ling couldn't deny that in Number 60 High School, Mother Juan was a unique lady in the world of kitchen aunties.

For some reason, he felt that her identity wasn't simple. Furthermore, she had disciples practically everywhere; he had already seen the shadow of Mother Juan's cuisine in too many places, the most famous of which was the heavenly silkworm potato strips. Most people now also had the impression that this was her specialty — this was probably her highest rated dish after she had said goodbye to communal meals and turned to specialist study in new cuisine.

Last time, in a campus star interview in the school magazine, there had been a segment at the end where she had generously shared her insight in making heavenly silkworm potato strips; that was, don't fry the potatoes all the way through in one go! Halfway through frying them, transfer the potatoes into another pan; this would change their taste!

It was nearly twelve o'clock when the silence in Grade One, Class Three was broken at this moment by the sound of a trolley, its wheels squealing over the floor.

Mother Juan had come...

She pushed open the classroom door, still wearing a light yellow apron, still wearing a snow-white chef's uniform, and no other accessories on her plump figure. When she smiled, there were faint wrinkles at the corners of her eyes. "I've made everyone wait, it's time to eat!"

Saying this, light flowed from her hand in every direction, and the delicately wrapped lunchboxes on the trolley were instantly dispersed to settle in each student's hands.

With an assertive air, she put her hands on her hips. "Today's bentos were specially made to welcome the two students from Number 59 High School. The menu is also different!" She knew that the relationship between the students from Number 60 High School and Number 59 High School was actually quite tense, so for this afternoon's love bentos, she had painstakingly racked her brains over them. At last, she had been struck by inspiration!

Except for Tang Jingze and He Bufeng, the rest of Grade One, Class Three sucked in cold breaths... damn it! Even the regular heavenly silkworm potato strips in the love bentos had been changed! They were really going to die this time!

Everyone took deep breaths and opened the lunchboxes...

The first thing they saw was fried green peppers with mushrooms that were still giving off steam. However, the mushrooms were a bit strange in shape, and looked a little like miniature horses. Chen Chao ate a mouthful, and the taste of mushroom exploded on his tongue. He couldn't help asking, "Mother Juan, what's this..."

Mother Juan quickly answered, "This is a particular mushroom that's very nutritious! Its elk velvet antlers! And see this jellyfish salad?"

"Yes..." Chen Chao nodded.

Mother Juan slowly explained, "It's called the pine jellyfish, and lives on the sea pine! I went to the Frozen Sea and directly jumped into the water to catch it, so it's very fresh! If you eat this with the elk velvet antlers, it will give you the power of forgiveness! I hope that everyone can live more harmonious and pleasant lives after eating these two dishes!"

Su Xiao: "Then this soup..."

Mother Juan: "Mm, this is white lily soup, simply called Bai Baihe 1 soup."

1(白百合 just literally translates to 'white lily .. ') Everyone: "..."





Chapter 159 The Daily Life of Er Ha


It was June 2nd on Thursday in the sixth week of the semester.

This morning, Er Ha had once again pulled out its little notebook from under Wang Ling's bed to continue writing about its observations on humans. It had already been fully several months since it had thoroughly accepted the reality of its dog body.

Er Ha was now quite good at human writing; even writing with claws, its handwriting was very neat. If it ever died again, it would definitely be forever remembered for its current calligraphy skills.

As a literate dog, Er Ha felt that its current intellect was almost on par with that of a human university student; it could be called a prodigy among dogs.

After learning to write an observation diary, it had recorded a lot of things, big and small.

Apart from observations on human behavior, the diary also contained observations on certain events.

Ever since the evil incident with Mother Wang being groped, Er Ha had realized how powerful the humans' network was. The rapid development of the Internet could enable humans to quickly band together online; a water army's commander-in-chief, moreover, could gather hundreds of thousands of people, whether to attack or to defend a particular issue.

Er Ha felt that the ultimate reason for the demon race's failure to invade the human world all these years was related to this.

The humans' information technology was really too advanced!

As it was on the Internet, so it was in reality!

This had been especially true in the fight against the invasion of demons from the Gate Between Worlds, when there had been nothing that the humans couldn't handle with a single phone call; once they had shared their location coordinates, cultivators nearby who were able to help had immediately rushed over. In contrast, the demon race still used the primitive method of sense perception to gather their forces; by the time reinforcements arrived on the front line, they had already lost!

In a nutshell, there were still many things that the demon race could learn. Er Ha was now also able to operate cellphones and smartwatches; they were really too convenient! In contrast, the demon world was still using talismans to pass on information — this standard was really too low!

Finished writing in its diary, Er Ha closed the notebook and pushed it back under the bed, then flung open the second-floor window and jumped down outside the villa.

The weather forecast for Songhai city today was once again crazy. It wasn't as humid as they had said it would be on TV; conversely, there was a gentle breeze blowing, and the sun on Er Ha's green fur was refreshing.

However, Wang Ling wasn't around, and Er Ha somehow felt in its heart that something was missing. It stared blankly down East Huang Road, and seemed a little lonely.

Little Master Ling usually didn't like to talk, but after being with him day in and day out during this time, Er Ha basically understood what his personality was like. Honesty was the key with Little Master Ling; he didn't like stirring up trouble or other people trying to curry favor with him. If you compared Little Master Ling to a cat, the best thing to do was stroke his fur; if you caused trouble by ruffling it, he would fly into a fury.

When Er Ha had first come to the Wang family home, it had been scared witless. After being here for so long, however, it had gradually relaxed. Sometimes, Wang Ling would even help brush its fur when he was free.

Though it had become a dog, it hadn't slacked off in its cultivation.

It had been thinking of a way to return to its prime in this body.

Wang Ling brushing its fur was actually a great help!

A boss at the level of an Immortal King personally brushing its fur... what kind of special treatment could this be? Moreover, Wang Ling's brushing had the effect of unblocking its meridians and stimulating its acupuncture points. After being brushed over so many times, Er Ha realized its waist was no longer sore and its legs no longer hurt, and its cultivation had become even more vigorous!

Standing in the yard outside the villa, it went over the familiar "Demon King Heart Sutra." For the sutra to work, it required demon qi. But there were no sources of demon qi in the human world which Er Ha could draw on, so Wang Ling had helped it revise the "Demon King Heart Sutra" by replacing demon qi as its source with spirit qi.

At the moment, as it used this cultivation technique, it could feel the spirit qi coalesce into overflowing existential insight.

This was the way of Tao, which emulated the rules of the natural world...

Er Ha had never experienced a feeling as profound as this before.

It was now far stronger than it had ever been before; its current body was already on par with that of a Nascent Soul cultivator, and a common Core Formation cultivator wouldn't be able to do anything to it. After all, it was a demon king that had been renowned in the demon race and which back then could take on five Soul Formation cultivators at the same time!

Standing in the sun, Er Ha slowly opened its eyes, and a bright blue light shone in their black depths... it could feel its demon king soul being gradually restored.

At the same time, its sensitive sense of smell caught wind of the scent of strangers...

Staring in one particular direction, it sensed the presence of strangers near the Wang family's small villa.

...

The Wang family's small villa was on the east side of East Huang Road; to the west was a commercial zone that had yet to be developed. According to the original plan, a large shopping mall of imported goods was supposed to come up here. Unfortunately, they hadn't even gotten halfway through the project before the boss had run off with his own sister-in-law. Hence, the building materials that been delivered here, such as the concrete, bricks, glass and timber, had been abandoned after all this time.

The place where Ah You had died was right under an old locust tree in this commercial development zone.

While the lot was usually empty, at this moment, two men in suits carrying sophisticated equipment on their backs had appeared.

They were looking for signs of the body-dissolving fluid. Generally, a high quality body-dissolving fluid wouldn't leave any signs, but the body-dissolving fluid manufactured by Mo Immortal Castle contained a special kind of substance which could be detected by Mo Immortal Castle using a special gas detector.

Each man held a cylindrical object, and a long tube was attached to one end. When they approached an old locust tree, the instrument instantly beeped in warning.

One of them quickly turned on his wristwatch to report their finding to the Lady of the Castle. "Leader, we've found Ah You's location based on the coordinates where her soul brand disappeared. Furthermore... we detected traces of the body-dissolving fluid."

On the other end of the phone, the Lady of the Castle asked solemnly, "What about Song Qingshu? Have you found his location?"

From where they were, the two men quickly determined the location where Song Qingshu's soul brand had disappeared. Finally, they both looked at a building to the east. "Found it, Lady! It's a villa. Song Qingshu's soul brand vanished inside this villa!"

"A... villa?"

The Lady of the Castle was a little surprised. This was in barren countryside; there were actually people still living there?

Her expression darkened slightly. "If that's the case, infiltrate this villa and investigate the situation!"

The two men in suits hesitated for a bit, then said, "But, Lady, there's a dog at the entrance. Wouldn't it be too obvious?"

"It's just a dog, just stew it for dog meat! It'll be something special to eat, isn't that wonderful?"

"..."





Chapter 160 Er Ha Is One Hundred and Eighty Centimeters Tall Today


The area around East Huang Road was low-cost, undeveloped land. Except for transport trucks carrying goods to the city, very few vehicles passed through here, and this place could really be described as "wild mountain countryside." So when the two men in suits saw a villa here, they weren't just a little astonished, they also thought it was a bit strange.

After the housing bubble burst, house prices were no longer so outrageous; even small white-collar workers could buy a house several hundred ping 1 in size on their salaries. If the space wasn't enough, they could also get the construction workers to expand it using the Space Expansion Skill.

1(As a traditional measurement of area, one ping is roughly 36 square feet.) After all, technology was pretty advanced.

So, what kind of family was this?

The two men wearing suits felt strange in their hearts, but the Lady of the Castle had already given the order, so they could only obey it.

Both men stuck on invisibility talismans, and there was a bright-colored light before their bodies turned completely transparent. This kind of invisibility talisman enabled a person to become invisible and hide their aura, and its use was actually prohibited; generally, only certain Huaxiu government branches were allowed restricted use of it.

The talismans which the two men in suits were wearing had been privately created by Mo Immortal Castle. This was actually already breaking the law, and if they were caught, they would be arrested and detained straightaway.

As they crept closer to the villa's entrance, they relaxed subtly.

Because after some probing with their spiritual senses, they couldn't detect any spirit energy in the villa.

"Is this an ordinary family?"

Both of them were a little confused.

However, since it was an ordinary family, then things were much easier.

"The window on the second floor is open. Let's check that out first." After discussing it together, the two men leapt lightly up to the window.

Wang Ling's bedroom was quite big. As they entered one after another, they began to look around.

In deep thought, they walked to the door.

And then... a furry green tail, one that was way too thick and solid, suddenly dangled down from the ceiling.

The two men were immediately startled, and they hurriedly jumped back before looking up.

This time, they saw a large green akita hanging upside down from the ceiling and staring at them with hostile eyes!

This was the dog that had been at the villa's entrance!

The two men recognized it at a glance; they had thought that there was something off with the dog, and it turned out that they weren't wrong!

Also... wasn't this dog too big?! With one look, anyone could tell that this dog wasn't natural!

Actually, what surprised the two men the most was this dog's insight... they were still wearing the invisibility talismans, but the dog had sensed them, which proved that its true strength was no less powerful, and might even far surpass theirs.

"What do we do? This dog seems strong... should we withdraw?"

"We're here already! It would be a shame to leave now! We're both late Golden Core stage cultivators, why should we be afraid of a dog?"

Late Golden Core stage?

Er Ha jumped down from the ceiling and sneered. Even when it had been so weak back then in Number 60 High School, it had still never been afraid of Golden Core cultivators, much less now.

Now that their identities had been exposed, the Mo Immortal Castle cultivators felt that there was no need to hide anymore.

Spirit light flaring in their hands, they summoned immortal swords, and one man lifted his to point it at Er Ha. "We just wanted to investigate something and we mean you no harm, but if you insist on obstructing us, don't blame us if we stop acting polite!"

The two men worked their spirit energy swiftly as they kept pace with each other; even their sword movements were in sync.

It was very obvious that the people who worked at Mo Immortal Castle underwent standard swords training. The advantage of this was that a lot of people could be trained to become proficient in swordsmanship in a short period of time, but the downside was that their movements were too repetitive, and anyone who had studied swordsmanship even a little would be able to predict their moves after a few rounds.

That was why when people from Mo Immortal Castle attacked on a mission, it was with the intent to kill. They were bent on settling the fight in the shortest time possible, since a prolonged fight could result in them making mistakes.

To Er Ha, however, it felt like these two people were moving so slowly that it could fall asleep waiting for them.

It thought back to its time in the demon world, when it would enjoy pleasant chats with the Sword Demon King Hua Laishi 2 — these two brats probably hadn't even been born then.

2(Hua Laishi is the Chinese transliteration of the name Wallace, and refers to the late 13th-century Scottish warrior William Wallace who led the Scots in the first war for Scottish independence against King Edward I of England ..) Two bright flaming swords interrupted its thoughts.

Its eyes met the points of two swords, and before they got any closer, these two swords jerked to a stop like a car braking, and were unable to advance forward any further.

"Aura-Freezing Spell!"

The two cultivators were stunned!

In a conflict which involved completely unequal realms, the demon race had a well-known way of fighting which relied on just aura — the Aura-Freezing Spell! This involved releasing special qi to counteract the spirit waves generated by magic weapons or the edge of a sword. This was a fairly advanced spell! The reason why the demon kings that had descended from the Gate Between Worlds back then had been a real headache for the humans was because of this "Aura-Freezing Spell"!

For a demon king of the demon race, the Aura-Freezing Spell acted more like a shielding spell which prevented them from being harmed by the cultivators' magic weapons.

Six years ago, Er Ha had thought itself absolutely pathetic because its Aura-Freezing Spell hadn't been of any fucking use against Wang Ling! At that time, Little Master Ling had pierced it with just one single punch.

Now that part of its strength had returned, it could finally cast this spell again.

It couldn't help but sigh; if it thought about it carefully, it felt like it had waited a lifetime for this moment.

The expressions of the Mo Immortal Castle cultivators finally changed. They were completely terrified as they realized that there was no way they could fight this dog! It actually knew a demon race spell... what the hell kind of dog was this?!

"Retreat!"

They both turned to leave, but then found that their bodies weren't listening to them, and that they couldn't move at all!

Following the length of their swords, the Aura-Freezing Spell had actually ensnared their bodies... they were completely frozen!

"You shouldn't have come here." Er Ha spoke in human language as its gaze swept lazily over the two people. It withdrew its spirit energy and its body shrunk back down, the bright blue light in its eyes fading. It didn't know if it was because it had been around Little Master Ling for too long, but it wasn't as intent on killing as before, where previously, when it had still been in Number 60 High School, it had devoured the soul of a Shadow Stream killer.

But now, faced with the delicious souls of these two late Golden Core stage cultivators, it wasn't the slightest bit interested...

"What should we do with them?"

At this moment, there was a voice behind the men in suits.

These two Mo Immortal Castle cultivators turned pale with fright; they hadn't expected there to be someone else in the room!

Then, two massive shadows loomed over them — these were precisely those two brawny brothers, the monster pen and goblin eraser.

Er Ha lay prone on the floor and wagged its tail as it gave the two brothers a lazy look. Then, it glared at the two Mo Immortal Castle cultivators, and raised one paw to draw a claw across its throat...





Chapter 161 A Haircut Needs to Be Fresh and Original


Er Ha had no intention of killing these two people, but they had broken into the Wang family's villa and were plotting something sinister... if Little Master Ling knew about this, he definitely wouldn't be happy. Er Ha had little interest in the two men's souls, but it also didn't want them to leave alive, so it was best to let the pen and eraser gremlins deal with them.

The two men were now completely immobilized, and had no idea what the two brawny brothers were going to do with them. They were scared to the point of pissing their pants, but unfortunately, the Aura-Freezing Spell was so strong that even their genitals were frozen...

Immobile, their bodies still couldn't help trembling.

Pen: "Want to kill them?"

Eraser: "Forget it, if we get blood everywhere in the bedroom, Little Master will definitely not be happy."

If that was the case, there was only one option...

The two muscular brothers looked at the attached washroom in Wang Ling's bedroom, then escorted the two men there.

Pen: "Lucky for you, our Little Master likes things neat and tidy, so we won't make you bleed today..."

The two Mo Immortal Castle cultivators were scared witless. "What are you going to do?"

Hehe, what to do?

Goblin eraser cracked its knuckles, then lifted the toilet lid and grabbed the foot of one of the men. It then directly stuffed his entire body into the toilet bowl and quickly flushed. This man was directly sucked down to the sound of running water and disappeared.

Wang Ling had spelled this toilet so that it led to some alien space, no one knew exactly where. But theoretically speaking, once these two men were flushed down the toilet, they would essentially disappear from the world.

The other Mo Immortal Castle cultivator broke out in a sweat. "You..."

Goblin eraser put one leg up on the toilet seat and pointed arrogantly at it. "Are you going to go in yourself, or shall I throw you in?"

Mo Immortal Castle cultivator: "..."

...

There were actually quite a lot of things happening on Thursday. When Wang Ling came to class in the morning, Su Xiao was distributing a school notice with a deeply bitter face.

"What's this?" Guo Hao gave the notice, printed on the school's official yellowish-gray stationery, a look.

The notice was about the military training in the middle of the month. It listed the items required for the training as well as points for attention. All the students went through the notice line by line, and soon all the boys in class burst out in cries of distress.

"Fuck! We need to shave our heads for the military training?" Chen Chao was completely unwilling; it hadn't been easy for him to grow his bangs, and it would be a real shame to shave it all off in one go! Also... why did the girls get special treatment?!

Chen Chao felt that this was serious gender discrimination!

Guo Hao said in a cold, resentful voice, "Everyone, calm down... and don't talk about gender discrimination. Let me ask you, are bangs or teapots 1 more important?"

1("Teapot' is yet another word used in China as a euphemism for the penis.) All the boys thought for a moment, then said nothing...

Seeing that things had quieted down, Guo Hao nodded in satisfaction. "That's right... actually, a buzz cut is also very good, since it's summer in Songhai city and it's hot. It'll feel cool after you shave! Back in the old days, I also had bangs, but after thinking about it carefully, I realized that it didn't matter. After all, my humble self relies on talent alone to weather the storms of life!"

Hearing this, all the guys in class for some reason suddenly thought of a quote: He was once a king. Later, he said 'Forget it' 2 ...

2(This is a lyric from a 'rap' song by popular live-streamer MC Tianyou.) "..." Wang Ling felt that Guo Hao's skin was already too thick to be fixed.

Getting a haircut wasn't anything strange for Wang Ling; coincidentally, he had had bangs before. Furthermore, he could direct the spirit energy to his scalp to rapidly stimulate hair growth.

This technique focused on a steady control of spirit energy and inwardly directing it to a precise position; actually, any Golden Core cultivator could do this. However, after Wang Ling had used this technique, his hair had started to grow at a much faster rate compared with ordinary people.

There had been a time when he had been obsessed with trying out different hairstyles before he finally came to a realization.

Actually, it wasn't the hairstyle that was the main point; it was how good-looking you were that was the key...

So to this day, Wang Ling had simply maintained a crew cut.

He looked at the notice and ran a hand over his hair.

Well... it did seem a little long.

...

...

After school, Wang Ling went to a small, inexpensive hairdresser's. While small, its ambiance and facilities were still pretty good; furthermore, it had a special price for students.

Of course, there were many other larger hairdressers' around it, but their haircut prices were too expensive, and Wang Ling couldn't afford them on his monthly allowance... it was just a buzz cut, wouldn't it be the same if he went anywhere?

With that in mind, he entered "Alice" hairdresser's.

Upon entering the shop, he heard the whirr of a hairdryer.

The boss was a middle-aged man with slicked-back hair, though he was experiencing some Mediterranean hair loss 3 . His face was slightly chubby, and he wore a small pair of steel-rimmed glasses. When he saw Wang Ling, he was immediately all smiles. "Is there a particular hairdresser you're looking for, handsome?"

3(This refers to a receding hair line..) Wang Ling was silent for a bit, then shook his head.

The boss's eyes lit up as he immediately saw an opportunity. "Handsome, we have top-class hairdressers at the thirty-yuan level, hairdressing directors at the sixty-yuan level, and chief hairdressers at the one hundred and fifty-yuan level... if you get a card with us and top it up with five hundred yuan in our shop, you can enjoy the services of our chief hairdressers at ninety percent off, so for just fifteen yuan!"

Wang Ling shook his head again. He looked around, and finally his eyes fell on a young man.

The young man was assisting a hairdresser with a yellow quiff as they stood around an auntie having her hair permed.

"...Who's that?" Wang Ling's voice rang out in the boss's mind, startling the latter.

But the boss regained his composure quickly.

His shop saw a lot more ordinary people than cultivators; even Foundation Establishment high school studens would choose the larger, neighboring hairdressers', so Wang Ling's appearance had been a bit of a surprise to him.

Cultivators were supposed to be rich! They thought nothing of material wealth, and spent money like water... they could even spend several million yuan on phone charges! Had he happened to stumble onto an easy mark?

The boss rejoiced In his heart, and quickly explained, "This little brother is a new apprentice in our store, but no customer has ever dared to let him cut their hair; for the moment, he's just practising on wigs. But if you sign up for a card, I'll have this apprentice's shifu , Master Kevin, cut your hair! He's the top hairdresser in our shop!"

Do I need to pay?

Wang Ling raised an eyebrow as he asked his question telepathically.

"Handsome, as long as you have a card, it'll only cost fifteen yuan for Master Kevin to do your hair."

Wang Ling shook his head and looked at the young man as he spoke telepathically again. "I meant him..."

The boss was stupefied, feeling that the situation had somehow taken a little turn for the worse. "Uh, he's an apprentice... so no charge."

Wang Ling nodded and then pointed to the young man — Then I choose him!

Boss: "..."





Chapter 162 Life Is a Circle


Wang Ling didn't actually think that he was a stingy person — spend money when you should spend it, and don't waste a single penny when you shouldn't. This was the economic view of consumption which Father and Mother Wang had imparted to him. A haircut was just a trivial thing. In contrast, Wang Ling preferred to spend the money saved on the haircut on crispy noodle snacks.

He had heard that Small Raccoon had recently launched a new flavor: indigowoad root and wasabi. Wang Ling planned to buy a packet to try. If he could save money on this haircut, he could buy more packets!

In the hairdresser's, after some silence, a disbelieving expression appeared on the face of the apprentice fellow whom Wang Ling had pointed out, and he bowed solemnly. "Thank you for your trust! I will definitely give it my best!"

Wang Ling nodded indifferently, then found a place to sit.

The people around them gave him strange looks... because this apprentice hairdresser was a very scary existence that was no less terrifying than a new hospital intern nurse; the only difference was that one person stuck a needle in you, while the other worked on your scalp.

Wang Ling was probably the only person who had the guts to let this apprentice cut his hair...

This was likely the first time that this apprentice fellow was cutting a customer's hair. His fingers clenched around an electric razor, and there were a few drops of cold sweat on his temple; he was clearly nervous, like an inexperienced little sister about to lose her virginity. "I... I'm going to start."

It was just a buzz cut; he only needed to cleanly shave the hair on the sides and the back... it wasn't that difficult!

The apprentice fellow comforted himself. But when the electric razor touched Wang Ling's scalp, his hand shook!

In a flash, he shaved the back of Wang Ling's head completely bald...

Fellow: "..."

Boss: "..."

Wang Ling touched the bald patch and shook his head. Then, the hair in that area grew at a rapid rate visible to the naked eye, quickly going from Jason Wu 1 to a Saiyan 2 ...

1(Jason Wu is a Taiwanese-born fashion designer who tends to spot a very short buzz cut.)

2(The Saiyan race in the 'Dragonball' series have long, thick hair ..) The boss and all his little fellows were stunned. "..." Fuck! There was this type of operation?

After an hour or so, Wang Ling walked smoothly out of the hairdresser's.

The boss quickly pulled him to a stop: "Perfected One, don't go!"

Then, the boss took out two hundred yuan from his pants pocket and thrust it into Wang Ling's hand.

Wang Ling: "???"

The boss pointed to the hair all over the floor behind him and looked gratefully at Wang Ling. "This is my thanks for the hair that Perfected One has supplied my shop with... an Immortal's hair is just too good; we can turn it into high-quality wigs! This two hundred is the market price for hair. Perfected One, please come again whenever you're free!"

Wang Ling: "..."

...

Wang Ling went home after getting his haircut, his pocket full of half-priced crispy noodle snacks from the market; he had made a cool two hundred yuan just for his hair, so he had been able to stock up on more crispy noodle snacks.

When he got home, he found that there were a lot of people in the house today.

Lord Thunder and Song Qingshu were waiting in the living room; the old man had politely given each of them a bowl of sweet mung bean soup. He was prone to making sweet mung bean soup in summer to cool the body down. Old Man Wang's sweet mung bean soup had been a top-class restaurant dish in his youth. He had only made a limited amount each day, and it had been very difficult for customers to get a bowl.

But unfortunately, these two guys didn't know to cherish or be grateful for it. They stared at their bowls of sweet mung bean soup and began to wonder about the meaning behind the mung beans; during this time, they even clearly determined the number of mung beans that were in the bowl.

Song Qingshu actually had never had this defective habit before, but after following Lord Thunder around for the last few days, he had been led astray...

"Brother Ling!" Seeing Wang Ling, Lord Thunder politely saluted with clasped fists, while Song Qingshu next to him also stood up to salute him solemnly and address him as Ling Zhenren.

The old man didn't care about Wang Ling's matters; he still wanted to watch his TV series! Seeing that Wang Ling had come, he hurriedly waved his hand and said to the two people, "Well... there's still some sweet mung bean soup in the pot if this isn't enough for you, go ahead and have a chat together."

"Okay, thank you, Great Senior!" Lord Thunder nodded solemnly.

At the same time, he was thinking to himself: I must bring this sweet mung bean soup home later and carefully study the mystery in it! If I drink it, I might have hope of reaching the Void Refinement stage!

Wang Ling: "..."

Lord Thunder sat on the sofa and looked at Wang Ling as he spoke. "Brother Ling, I've come to see you because I have some good news! Thanks to Little Song this time, I know the whereabouts of the maker of the stone ghost mask!"

Song Qingshu added, "I just provided a bit of a lead. Based on that, it was Senior Lord Thunder and that Senior Black who locked onto the maker's location."

Hearing this, Wang Ling nodded. Song Qingshu had made good on his promise and hadn't broken it. Finding the maker of the mask meant that very soon, this matter with the stone ghost mask would come to an end. As for Mo Immortal Castle's intent to use it in a dark ascension to power, this plot would be completely foiled.

Of course, this was the ideal scenario.

Wang Ling was actually very curious about the identity of the mask's maker.

"According to the coordinates which Little Black sent, the maker is actually not far from here." Lord Thunder opened the message from Little Black, which clearly indicated that it was a total distance of eight hundred kilometers away.

An ordinary cultivator would be able to reach it in twenty minutes on a flying sword.

Wang Ling cupped his chin as he looked at the coordinates sent by Little Black, then slowly frowned. The more he looked at it, the more familiar it seemed...

Lord Thunder solemnly vowed, "Brother Ling, rest assured, Little Black verified this was the place after checking it several times. Combined with my Great Tracking Power, there is absolutely no mistake!"

But Wang Ling had a bad premonition for some reason, and his eyelid began to twitch once again.

Disaster level, one star. Who knew what on earth was going to happen...

Wang Ling had Lord Thunder and Song Qingshu put their hands on his shoulders, then with a " poof ," the three of them teleported to the coordinates.

And then, an old-school restaurant that looked like it was on the verge of collapsing appeared before them.

Looking at the huge words "Midnight Dining Hall" inscribed on the horizontal board hanging on the restaurant door, Wang Ling sunk into deep thought. Damn! Why was it this place?!

Did the boss use to be a smith? From a smith to a cook... Wang Ling thought that this was even more outlandish than a transdimensional singer!

Lord Thunder, who saw the twitch in Wang Ling's eternally poker-faced expression, couldn't help being curious. "Brother Ling, it seems like you've been here before?"

Before the three people entered the shop, they could already hear the melodious singing inside: That is the girl I deeply love and miss day and night...

Wang Ling couldn't help sighing in his heart; it turned out that life was a damn circle!





Chapter 163 How Was the Stone Ghost Mask Made?


When the three of them stepped through the door, the boss of Midnight Dining Hall, Tan Siming, was washing the dishes. The long knife scar on his face, along with his bitter and resentful expression, made him look extremely hideous under the dim light.

Although it wasn't time yet for customers to start coming in, he was already preparing for the midnight crowd.

The "Old Boys" sung by Tang Youning was playing on an obsolete and old-fashioned radio. In this day and age, radio stations were already no longer popular, but there were still people who clung to them.

Thus, although there weren't many radio stations around, there were still people running programs on air. Among them, big boss broadcaster Zhang Ye had to be mentioned. Not only had he majored in radio broadcasting, he was also a very well-known filmmaker, who had written his own biography, I Really Am a Superstar . The entire book was replete with all sorts of lyrics, poems and stories which carried a supercilious and boastful air.

As a veteran web novelist, Father Wang had classified this book as junk literature.

Boss Tan was still washing the dishes. When the three of them entered the shop, he almost reflexively pointed at the menu on the wall as he said lazily, "Hey, we just serve what's on the menu. But if you want to eat something else, I'll make it for you if I can."

Unlike Wang Ling, this was Lord Thunder and Song Qingshu's first time here, after all, and after some thought, Song Qingshu felt it would be rude to act like they were interrogating a criminal from the very start before ordering something. So, he ordered three large bowls of lao tan pickled cabbage beef noodles and paid for them. It was twenty yuan for a large bowl, so sixty yuan for three.

Song Qingshu directly took out a one hundred-yuan note and told the boss to keep the change... the rich were so capricious!

Actually, during these two days, Lord Thunder had been treating Song Qingshu like a walking ATM. After selling off all his belongings from working for Mo Immortal Castle all these years, Song Qingshu now had so much money he didn't know what to do with it.

"Thank you very much."

When the boss took the money, he finally raised his head for a look. When he noticed Wang Ling among the three of them, his expression suddenly changed. "Ah? Aren't you that thirty three yuan and seventy cents genius creator? "

Wang Ling: "..."

Boss Tan still remembered Wang Ling. After all, he had witnessed for himself how this man had peddled off this song "Old Boys," which had swept across Huaxiu nation. It was such a huge song now, when the melody and lyrics had been sold for just thirty three yuan and seventy cents, the price of two medium bowls of beef noodles.

"Boss, do you know my brother?" Lord Thunder asked as he stared at the boss.

"Previously, he and his father came here and ordered beef noodles..." replied Boss Tan.

Lord Thunder was stunned in his heart. Senior Wang had actually come here before! It seemed that this wasn't a simple shop!

"... This song 'Old Boys,' have you heard of it?"

Boss Tan thought for a while, then directly explained what had happened with this song.

Lord Thunder and Song Qingshu were utterly stunned when they heard it.

"Brother Ling, you can also write songs?"

Wang Ling nodded without expression and shame. "..." Theoretically speaking, he was just a porter passing on songs.

Speaking of "Old Boys," Boss Tan's bitter and resentful face twisted even more. "Before Little Tang was popular, he used to visit my shop all the time. There was once a time when he depended on me for things so that he could live in the city. But now that he's popular, it's been a long time since he's come..."

Speaking up to this point, Boss Tan smiled bitterly. "I was hoping he could help me draw in more customers."

"He was just taking advantage of you!" Lord Thunder shook his head.

The boss had been feeling aggrieved by this matter, but now that he had found someone to vent to, he immediately felt a lot better. Looking at them, he said, "By the way, you came looking for me at this hour, did you need something?"

When it came down to it, Boss Tan wasn't an idiot. He had clearly written that he only opened at midnight, but these three people had come looking for him at around eight o'clock and ordered three large bowls of beef noodles in one go... the most important thing was that they had even tipped him, so something was definitely up with this abnormal situation!

He had encountered plenty of people over the years, so sometimes he could guess what his customers were thinking from the looks on their faces.

Luckily, Boss Tan was a forthright person, which reassured Lord Thunder greatly. As a result, he didn't bother to hide their purpose; a spirit light glowed in his hand, and he produced an illustration of the stone ghost mask which he had prepared beforehand. "I wonder if Boss Tan has seen this thing before?"

Cupping his chin as he looked at this image, Boss Tan's eyes gradually turned serious, and he then gazed at Lord Thunder as he asked a little excitedly, "Where did you find this mask?"

When he said this, the three people felt like the weights in their hearts had instantly been lifted — so it turned out that the owner of this rundown restaurant, Boss Tan, had something to do with the stone ghost mask!

Lord Thunder answered truthfully, "Brother Ling bought this mask for five yuan on Moubao, and without a delivery fee to boot."

Boss Tan: "..."

"Please, Boss Tan, you have to tell us whatever you know about this mask. As far as we know, there should be two stone ghost masks, since it's one of twin magic treasures. And now someone wants to use them for evil..." As Lord Thunder said this, he strode forward and gripped Boss Tan's hands. "Boss Tan, whether this world can be saved or not all depends on you!"

"..."

Gazing at the illustration as he thought hard for a while, Boss Tan then shook his head as he replied, "Although I'm very surprised at how you managed to find me, I'm sorry to tell you that I wasn't the only person involved in making these twin masks... when I was a kid, the girl next door and I made them out of mud."

Lord Thunder: "...Out of mud? But this mask contains primordial black crystal — it's the hardest material in the whole universe!"

Boss Tan thought it over carefully, then said, "Oh, at that time, we did indeed find some black crystal in the mud, so we just put it in."

Lord Thunder, Song Qingshu and Wang Ling: "..."

The scene was deathly silent for a time.

Lord Thunder drew in a deep breath. "So, Boss Tan, you're not a smith?"

Boss Tan shrugged his shoulders. "I never said it was me... it was that girl who shaped the masks, I just helped her. In the end, she was the one who dried them out."

Lord Thunder: "Do... do you still have any contact information for that mud-playing girl?"

Boss Tan: "It has been so many years, we already lost touch a long time ago. But I still remember her name — maybe you can check it out as a lead."

Lord Thunder: "What is her name?"

Boss Tan: " Nüwa 1 ."

1(In Chinese mythology, Nüwa is the mother goddess who created mankind) Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 164 Some Were Happy, Some Were Worried


Based on the information which Song Qingshu had provided, Little Black had spent two days and two nights to obtain this lead. They had thought that this was a breakthrough in the matter, but they hadn't taken this step all the way through before this lead had derailed yet again... even Wang Ling vaguely felt that this was a pain in the ass.

The biggest problem now was where to start looking for Nüwa, this little mud-playing girl.

Of course, if he didn't have the talisman seal on, Wang Ling could use his aura to track down and lock onto their target. But that would led to a shutdown of electrical grids worldwide, which wasn't a result that Wang Ling wanted to see happen.

It was clear that the issue of the stone ghost mask was quite the sticky problem. Looking at these three vexed people, Boss Tan also became lost in deep thought. After a while, he took out an iron box from his drawer and gave it to Lord Thunder.

"Boss Tan, this is...?"

"It's a seed of the hawthorn tree," replied Boss Tan. "This was my childhood promise with that girl: find a place, plant this seed, and the day that it blossoms and bears fruit, that girl will show up under the tree."

"Will this method really work..."

It had already been so many years... most people wouldn't even remember the names of their kindergarten classmates, let alone a promise made for a future so far away. Lord Thunder recalled his childhood when he had boasted every day that he would marry all the girls in his kindergarten... but now, he was still a single dog!

"We have no choice, we can only try everything..." Lord Thunder opened the iron box, picked up the hawthorn seed and sighed.

It was almost midnight when he returned to Wenxian Garden with this hawthorn seed. During this period, Lord Thunder and Song Qingshu had also confirmed something else; they learned from Er Ha that Mo Immortal Castle had dispatched two men here during the day to investigate. Song Qingshu knew without a doubt that they had to have been sent by the Lady of the Castle to confirm his death.

It was a bit of a pity that Er Ha had flushed those two people down the toilet and they couldn't interrogate them for more details; otherwise, Song Qingshu could definitely have learned more secrets.

"You have to be careful these two days. That bunch of people definitely know that you're alive," Lord Thunder told Song Qingshu as he planted the hawthorn seed in his own backyard.

"Don't worry, senior, Senior Wang hasn't taken the long johns back yet!" replied Song Qingshu.

Lord Thunder sweated a little. "...Most transformed magic treasures have an expiry date, so Brother Ling probably refreshes the transformations regularly. The way I see it, the long johns on you won't last very much longer. So just run when you have to run, clear?"

Song Qingshu nodded like a chick pecking at rice. "Yes, yes, of course, senior! I haven't returned Senior Wang's house slippers yet. If I run now, I'll be faster than a reporter!"

"..."

Song Qingshu: "By the way, will the hawthorn seed really work?"

"Who knows..." Lord Thunder patted the spirit soil under his hands as he sighed slightly.

According to his calculations, even with the power of spirit soil, it would still take at least five days for the seed to sprout, and at least another half a month for it to grow into a hawthorn tree. Most importantly, whether this lady called Nüwa would show up or not as promised was still unknown.

Gazing at the spirit soil, both of them were lost in deep thought; this was truly a pain in the ass.

...

It was June 3rd on the sixth Friday of school.

On this morning, there were some who were happy and some who were worried. For the military training, the boys had all gotten buzz cuts. There were also some extreme examples, like Chen Chao, who had had his entire scalp directly shaved clean by the hairdresser.

Holding his head in his hands, Chen Chao wanted to cry but had no tears left to shed; he had clearly told the hairdresser that he had only wanted his hair trimmed... even if it was a buzz cut, he wanted the type to make him look handsome! He hadn't expected that in a blink of an eye, the barber, scissors in hand, had made him look like bald Wu Ke 1

1(Wu Ke is a two-year-old with no hair who became famous after actively interacting with the host of a broadcasted fan meeting for his favorite cartoon, and was given the online nickname 'bald Wu Ke.') Chen Chao must have owed the hairdresser a large amount of money in his last life — he was so unlucky!

When Teacher Pan walked into the classroom, the class was actually still very rowdy since everyone was discussing their haircuts. But today, instead of getting angry as usual, she quietly put her teaching materials down on the lectern and with the girls, admired the boys' buzz cuts.

Boys should be fresh and cool like this, it was so much better!

As a pioneer teacher at Number 60 High School, Teacher Pan had taught many batches of elite students. Among the deepest impressions that they had of her was her strict teaching style and her class rules. She was a person of rules and regulations, and her OCD left a deep impression on anyone who had known her for quite some time... now that all the boys had buzz cuts, her mood was as relaxed as if she had released everything after being constipated.

On this side, Teacher Pan was rejoicing in the boys' new looks in Grade One, Class Three. On the other side, Songhai city's General Administration of 100 Schools was in a mess.

Zhuo Yi sat behind his office table feeling resentful and bitter. Since Shadow Stream's attack on Number 60 High School, he had never stopped worrying; as soon as he had been promoted, he had reinforced security around all the high schools which fell under the purview of Songhai city's General Administration of 100 Schools in order to prevent similar violations from happening again.

Zhuo Yi didn't want any slip-ups to occur while he was in office.

The bureaucratic culture for cultivators was much more complex than anything ordinary people could imagine. Number 60 High School was his alma mater, and if he couldn't even protect his own alma mater, he would inevitably become gossip fodder and the butt of jokes for onlookers. It wasn't long until Number 60 High School's military training session, so in the last few days, Zhuo Yi had been secretly boosting security for the school.

But most unfortunately for him, at this critical time, he received disastrous news.

The younger sister of that Master of Shadow Stream, who had been seized in Number 59 High School back then, had broken out of prison!

.....

Songhai's maximum security prison was where the cultivation police sent serious felons. Plenty of "well-known" criminals had been imprisoned here, like that major criminal from Furi Cultivation University who had poisoned his roommate. He had been incarcerated here for a very long time before finally being sentenced to death.

News of the escape had alarmed national leaders. Members of the central cultivation inspection team happened to be in Songhai city during this time, and Secretary Dakang rushed to the scene almost at once. Someone breaking out of the nation's maximum security prison for major criminals was, bluntly speaking, quite inconceivable.

Cultivators sent to prison had special sealing magic cast on them, and their handcuffs were custom-made and could suppress their strength. Beneath the prison's ten thousand li perimeter was a massive restraining magic array; along with the high wall that ran all around it which even titans 2 couldn't climb over, it was complete nonsense to think that anyone could escape.

2(Titans is an allusion to the Japanese manga and anime series 'Attack of the Titans.') When Secretary Dakang reached the scene, the cultivation police had already dispatched the major crime investigation unit to check the situation.

At present, the only good news they could confirm was that the criminal hadn't fled beyond the perimeter of Songhai city's maximum security prison.

However, her mode of escape was a little incredible. The other party had actually dismantled the steel plate under the bed in her cell, and with just an instant noodles fork, had dug out an escape passage.

From experienced Officer Wang's investigation of the scene, he discovered that this instant noodles fork had actually belonged to Kang Shifu3!

3(Kang Shifu is a well-known brand of instant noodles.)





Chapter 165 What Had She Done In Prison?


It was absolutely unfathomable that an instant noodles fork could be used to dig out such a passage in the national maximum security prison for major criminals.

Given that her spirit energy had been restricted, how had the girl broken that thick and heavy steel plate reinforced with immortal crystal in her cell...?

That was the question.

And after breaking the steel plate, how had she moved all the bricks, stone and soil...?

That was yet another question.

Zhuo Yi arrived soon after Secretary Dakang. When he stepped into the prison, he could clearly feel himself becoming dizzy. Seeing this, the prison warden who had been waiting to meet Zhuo Yi at the entrance promptly hung a pendant around his neck, which alleviated his dizziness significantly.

"...What's this?"

The warden explained, "Director Zhuo, this is the resistance crystal developed by Huaxiu nation's Cultivation Academy of Science; it curbs the effects of the magic array under the prison. Everyone working in the prison has one."

Hearing this, Zhuo Yi nodded his head.

The magic array under the prison was so formidable; as soon as he had stepped into the prison, he almost couldn't breathe. His syndromes were similar to those for low blood sugar: chest pains, shortness of breath, increased heart palpitations and dizziness. Major criminals imprisoned here were not only subjected to this restraining magic array, but also had their strength restricted by special handcuffs.

Looking at all these factors, it was utterly nonsensical for someone to be able to break out of here...

"The incident this time was a little unexpected, but luckily it was discovered in time. The prisoners' handcuffs have built-in signal transmitters, and the signal shows that the escapee is still hiding in the prison..." The warden felt like crying; if the prisoner escaped successfully, his career as a warden would definitely be over, and he would probably be forced to retire and go home to become a farmer.

...

The warden straightaway led Zhuo Yi to the crime scene; by then, the major crime investigation unit of the Songhai cultivation police had already rushed over. They all stood around the passage opening which the girl had used to escape. At first glance, Zhuo Yi could already pick out Secretary Dakang dressed in a windcheater in the crowd.

"Little Zhuozi, you're finally here!" Seeing Zhuo Yi, the old Secretary's worried frown instantly relaxed. "It was thanks to you that we were able to catch this person previously."

Zhuo Yi: "..."

"I more or less understand the basics of the situation, so if you have any questions you can just ask me. Or, if you have any other opinion, let me know. Everyone here is at your disposal! We must endeavor to capture this criminal and bring her to justice before she escapes the prison for good!" The old Secretary patted Zhuo Yi's shoulder. "Little Zhuozi, it's up to you! I believe that since you managed to catch her once, you can catch her a second time!"

"..." Zhuo Yi already didn't know what to say.

The main thing was that he himself was clueless about the last two times!

"...How did she escape?"

The old Secretary replied, "According to our preliminary findings, the criminal did indeed use an instant noodles fork to dig a passage and escape through it. Although it wasn't very wide, considering the criminal's identity as a Shadow Stream killer, she was proficient in the bone-shortening technique, so she could definitely have escaped through this small hole. As for the steel plate on the floor, the prisoner used some type of corrosive liquid which ate through it."

Corrosive liquid?

Zhuo Yi was flabbergasted. "Wasn't a thorough body check conducted before she entered prison... how did she bring it in?"

Speaking about this, the warden rubbed his temple in pain. "If we're guessing correctly, the criminal likely hid it in her crotch, which is a blind spot during the check..."

Zhuo Yi: "...Cro...crotch?"

The old Secretary nodded his head solemnly. "This assumption might sound ridiculous but it's actually quite logical. It's actually easy to hide something in the crotch area. Even a grenade could be hidden there, not to mention a small bottle of corrosive liquid."

Zhuo Yi: "..."

...

It had been two hours since Jiang Liuying had broken out of prison. The world outside was tranquil and peaceful, but the situation inside Songhai city's maximum security prison had already exploded.

No one could clearly say what would happen in two hours, but the later it got, the higher the chances were of the criminal escaping successfully.

This was a major criminal who worked for the wicked assassination organization Shadow Stream; if they allowed such an infamous criminal to escape, they couldn't guarantee that she wouldn't take harmful action against the community.

Three miles away from the main prison building, Jiang Liuying crawled out from under a pile of grass, still gripping the instant noodles fork in one hand and with her handcuffs still on. The fork had an "armor-penetrating" talisman on it which had made excavating the soil for Jiang Liuying as easy as digging into pudding.

By the time she had broken through the soil, the armor-penetrating talisman had lost its effectiveness, and the instant it happened, the "dying" instant noodles fork in her hand had tragically snapped into two.

Oh, by the way... she had also taken this armor-penetrating talisman out from her crotch.

"It's all thanks to the escape service pack which elder sister prepared..." Jiang Liuying turned over a glass bottle the size of a finger in her hand; it was full of all types of all-purpose capsules that contained various magic treasures which could be used for escape.

And all this time, it had been wedged in her crotch.

Actually, she could have escaped earlier on, but it was unfortunate that she had directly been knocked out. By the time she had regained consciousness, she had found herself already in prison... although it had taken her some time, luckily she had been able to escape in the end.

Lying prone inside the pile of grass, Jiang Liuying stared at the bottle in her hand. She then gritted her teeth resentfully and thumped the ground angrily; that damn bunch of cats and high school students caused this old mother so much grief... just you wait!

Jiang Liuying narrowed her eyes, a hidden light in their depths.

The priority now was to get out of here. She was acutely aware that although she had escaped from her cell, she still hadn't escaped the prison compound. Furthermore, she had a hunch that she was being monitored.

"I have to get this damn handcuffs off..." After cooling down, the girl stared in deep thought at the handcuffs on her hands.

These handcuffs were made from refined steel. This material was very special as it was able to suppress spirit energy. Along with the restraining magic array under the prison, the spirit energy she could use now was almost too little to mention... however, she had come up with another solution.

From the glass bottle, she took out an all-purpose capsule which contained the last armor-penetrating talisman.

Taking it out of the capsule, the girl stuck this armor-penetrating talisman on her 36D chest weapon as her final ray of hope.

And then, she took a deep breath...

The girl placed her hands on a rock and spread them as far apart as possible.

After that, she lifted her upper body and suddenly flung herself down...

Bang !

Just like that, the handcuffs were smashed to smithereens by this weaponized chest...





Chapter 166 Weapon of Mass Destruction


In ancient times, people smashed rocks on their chest; today, a weaponized chest had been used to smash handcuffs...

Looking at the crushed handcuffs, Jiang Liuying abruptly felt moved in her heart, as if she had performed a historic feat.

The main reason was because this armor-penetrating talisman was just too useful!

Elder sister had drawn this specialized talisman, and it was more destructive than the regular ones sold on the market. This was the reason why she had been able to generate enough power to directly reduce the handcuffs to smithereens.

Without the restraints of the handcuffs, Jiang Liuying could feel her spirit energy recover significantly.

Although the restraining magic array under the prison had played a role in suppressing her spirit energy, she had gradually gotten used to the restrictive environment during her time in prison. Her body had two golden cores that were like two CPUs, so her spirit energy circulated much faster than ordinary people's. In a restrictive environment, she could still use half of her strength... this had played a vital role in helping her escape from prison!

For an ordinary major criminal, without the help of the prison's resistance crystal, and limited both by the restraining magic array under the prison and the handcuffs, it would be utterly impossible for them to flee.

But the girl felt that her chances of escaping were now much higher.

This prison covered quite a vast area; she had only escaped from the main building. She was currently in a training zone three kilometers behind the main building, in a grove of trees. This was where prisoners came to exercise, but now it had become a hideout for Jiang Liuying.

If she rushed out recklessly, the prison officers who were already searching for her nearby would catch her straightaway...

Her priority now was to make use of the invisibility talisman in the escape service pack and find a sewer leading out of the prison as soon as possible. Before the armor-penetrating talisman lost its effectiveness, she could use her chest weapon to smash a hole in the protective barrier outside the prison wall; the high steel wall around the prison was ridiculously thick, so there was no way she could smash her way through from inside.

Under the circumstances, Jiang Liuying already had no other choice; she only had one last chance at escaping out of here!

In the grove, the girl grit her teeth and circulated her spirit energy to activate the invisibility talisman. She stuck it on her body, then sped off in one direction.

...

Half an hour later, after the prison officers patrolling outside had found the crushed handcuffs on the ground, Secretary Sun and Zhuo Yi swiftly reached the scene with a group of other people.

When he saw that the handcuffs had been reduced to pieces, the warden's heart trembled with fear, and his expression was distressed. With the restraining magic array in place and handcuffs on, how had the other party destroyed these specialized handcuffs?

"The other party had the strength to escape, so it would make sense that she could destroy these handcuffs." Secretary Dakang stared at the handcuffs and thought for a while. "But what kind of thing could have such destructive power? Little Zhuozi, do you have any ideas?"

Zhuo Yi's expression was blank. "..."

The old Secretary continued to speculate: "The handcuffs used in the national maximum security prison are all made of extremely dense and highly refined black iron; that this lady could actually damage them so badly proves without a doubt that the other party is carrying some weapon of mass destruction."

Warden: "Old Secretary, do you think this prisoner will harm the other major criminals in our prison?"

"Not really." Secretary Sun shook his head. "From the beginning, this lady's objective had been to escape from here. It's very likely that instead, she'll use the weapon of mass destruction to destroy the high prison wall or the protective barrier outside the wall."

Just as he said this, everyone heard an earth-shattering boom .

The warden spoke into his transceiver. "Go and check at once! What was that sound?"

Very soon, a reply came from the prison gatekeepers on the other end of the transceiver. "Reporting! We found the target, she's destroying the barrier!"

Warden: "Then go and quickly subdue the target!"

Prison officer: "Reporting! The target is moving very fast. It seems that she's using an invisibility talisman. We're using a scanner to locate her..."

Warden: "After determining her position, immediately seize her weapon and arrest her!"

"...Seize? Seize her weapon?"

At the maximum security prison barrier, the scanner showed that the girl had exposed herself.

"..."

A group of prison officers watched as the girl held her breasts in her palms and did her best to try and smash the barrier with them, and they couldn't help sinking into deep thought.

...

It was June 4th, the sixth Saturday after the start of the semester.

When Wang Ling woke up and turned on the TV in the morning, he found that all the channels were broadcasting the same news — at around six o'clock last night, a major criminal had broken through the barrier of Songhai's maximum security prison and successfully escaped.

Wang Ling was surprised to see that this person was actually that girl who had been caught at Number 59 High School back then. From their related investigation, the cultivation police had confirmed that she was in fact the younger sister of the Master of Shadow Stream. Because of her identity, she had been directly sent to Songhai First Prison without trial.

After careful calculation, Wang Ling realized that it had been three weeks, almost a month, since she had been caught.

" Ai , so many officers in the prison and they were still no match for a girl." Sitting in front of the TV, the old man ate a mouthful of green vegetable porridge before directly turning the TV off.

"Dad, why did you turn off the TV?" Father Wang had been enjoying the news since this girl had a really big chest... of course, this wasn't the point. The main point was that Father Wang wanted to continue watching the news report as he was curious about how this girl had actually broken out of prison.

The old man shook his head. "Even without watching the rest, I can roughly guess what's going to happen next. Based on their usual style, if anything big happens, the department leaders involved will probably deny all responsibility. If you don't believe me, I'll turn it on again for you to see..."

The old man turned the TV on again. Coincidentally, the news at that moment was showing the person-in-charge at Songhai First Prison making a statement.

In a crowd of reporters with flashing cameras and a bunch of microphones, a middle-aged warden had a remorseful expression on his face. "We deeply regret making everyone worry! The situation this time in fact isn't as serious as it seems. We have issued a nationwide top-priority arrest warrant, and we are already on the trail of the fugitive. We will assemble our forces right away to capture and arrest the criminal."

A female journalist with black-rimmed glasses asked, "Warden Liang, can you explain the main reason for how this prisoner was able to escape?"

"In fact, the fault this time lies with our new prison staff. They still aren't familiar with the business, so during the time the wanted criminal was in custody, they made some mistakes in their check..."

Speaking up to this point, this Warden Liang lowered his head with a grieved expression. "Yes, that's right. This was all the part-timers' fault!"

Father Wang and Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 167 Ling Zhenren's Family Cat Is Missing


Just like this, the glorious part-timers had become scapegoats once again 1 ...

1(The government and business companies are infamous for using this excuse in the event of a mishap.) Wang Ling knew that this was the standard response practiced by Huaxiu government departments, like when Huaxiu nation's Ministry of Foreign Affairs strongly condemned or protested something. This was a carefully-worded excuse that, like a panacea, could be used to reply to all kinds of interview questions.

Although the girl's escape from prison was all that the news could talk about, there was very little about it online. Wang Ling opened several news apps and found very few comments related to this incident. It was very obvious that, just like with the matter of Mother Wang being groped, anything related to this incident was being suppressed...

Warden Liang had downplayed it on TV. But watching the news report, Wang Ling somehow had a bad feeling.

His eyelid twitched again, and this time, the disaster level was three stars...

Thus, even though Wang Ling was at home and wasn't going anywhere this Saturday, he had a nagging sense of uneasiness. The frequent twitching of his eyelid made him a little anxious.

After breaking out of prison, what would that fugitive girl do?

Wang Ling lay on his bed with both arms crossed under his head, his thoughts in turmoil.

For the time being, after escaping prison, it was clearly not possible for her to seek revenge against Number 59 High School and Number 60 High School. Most of the students were already on vacation, and even if she dropped in to make trouble, there were still many teachers on duty in school who definitely wouldn't leave this Shadow Stream killer any opening for attack. Going after Wang Ming sounded even more unreasonable. Huaxiu nation's top leaders all knew about the "love-hate" relationship between this super brain and this Shadow Stream maiden; after the news of her escape had come out, they would have undoubtedly already dispatched more people to protect Wang Ming at all costs.

So the only party left whom she could take revenge on in the short term was Black Tan...

When a person had no outlet for their anger, they would naturally look for a soft persimmon to pound.

Wang Ling felt that Zheng Tan was now in danger.

...

Wang Ling transformed himself into a white Persian cat and appeared under that old willow tree in Number 59 High School. Given the urgency of the situation, he had directly teleported there.

He carefully felt out his surroundings, but it was silent all around. Lying down at the tree hole, he couldn't sense a trace of any aura inside. Whether it was the commander-in-chief, First Battalion Commander The Monk, or the cavalry, the infantry, and the air force under Zheng Tan, they were all gone.

Wang Ling opened his eyes and used his Heavenly Eye flashback ability. The scene in front of his eyes began to rewind, but it didn't give him much information.

What he could confirm was that Black Tan had left at least half an hour ago. Also, he had come out in full force; the entire army had sallied forth, armed to the teeth with all the weapons they had in the hole — even that Yidali Cannon was gone.

What on earth were they going to do?

Wang Ling was very worried about Zheng Tan's safety.

Using an aura search, he could confirm that Zheng Tan and his group were already far away from Peiyuan district. It had been more than twelve hours since they had left the tree hole, much earlier than he had imagined. Now there was only one way left for him to find Zheng Tan...

...

In a mysterious lab on the border of Huaxiu nation, a man in black skintight clothes was absorbed in his research. He held in his hands a blueprint for the Armstrong Cyclone Jet Armstrong Cannon.

After his lab had been destroyed the last time, Little Black had been trying to restore this cannon which he had painstakingly created. Once he got word from Lord Thunder, he would take the cannon with him to the house of the bastard who had ruined his lab and blow it up!

While Little Black was recalculating the cannon's muzzle velocity, a hand suddenly pressed down on his shoulder, making him tremble from head to toe in fear. "Who?!"

This time, Little Black saw a young man in a white short-sleeved shirt standing behind him. "Who are you?"

Wang Ling spoke telepathically as he identified himself.

Little Black was shocked. "You're Ling Zhenren?"

This time, Wang Ling didn't have to deliberately cover up his face. The last time he had been here, he hadn't known the relationship between Little Black and Lord Thunder. Now that he knew Little Black was on their side, there was no need for him to hide himself.

To verify that he was truly Ling Zhenren, Wang Ling even shared a meme of Lord Thunder.

He had secretly taken this photo when he was with Lord Thunder, just in case of a situation like this.

Looking at the photo in which Lord Thunder smiled like a blooming chrysanthemum, Little Black's doubts about this youngster's identity was thoroughly dispelled... only when he was with Ling Zhenren would this cultivation forum owner smile like an idiot like this.

"So you're Ling Zhenren... my apologies!" Little Black excitedly clasped his fists in a salute. So this was the big shot who would help him track down the bastard who had destroyed his lab! He actually looked so young!

"Is there a reason why Ling Zhenren is looking for me?"

Wang Ling didn't beat around the bush, but straightaway took out a quick sketch of Zheng Tan which he had prepared beforehand along with the specific location of that willow tree. "Can you find it?"

Looking at the sketch of Zheng Tan, it dawned on Little Black that Ling Zhenren's cat was missing!

But... why would it show up in such a strange location? Did big shots in the cultivation world now let their pets have free range?

Little Black politely didn't ask too many questions.

From the coordinates Wang Ling had given him, Little Black easily located the willow and managed to hack into nearby surveillance cameras.

This time, Wang Ling finally had a lead.

Zheng Tan and its group had set off at around eight o'clock last night, and each cat had had an invisibility talisman on it. As Wang Ling had guessed, they had taken all their weapons with them when they had left the tree hole... it was clear that they were off to do battle!

From the monitor screen, Wang Ling's Heavenly Eye could clearly see the confident expression on Zheng Tan's black face; this guy was actually smiling!

But what kind of battle would justify Zheng Tan mobilizing the power of all its troops?

Wang Ling's initial worry turned to curiosity.

Little Black was truly Little Black, an existence that could make something good out of something bad when it came to the online network. Just from Zheng Tan's route trajectory from where it had set off, he had been able to calculate what Zheng Tan's final destination was — Songhai City Dahuang International Airport.

Airport...

Whether it was Little Black or Wang Ling, both of them were completely astonished.

Little Black hacked into the airport's ticketing system to check the transaction records for that day, and finally discovered a set of very strange data. After analyzing it, he had a disbelieving expression on his face. "Ling Zhenren... your family cat is too amazing! It actually chartered a plane!"

"..." Wang Ling was stunned by Zheng Tan's action.

A black cat, taking all of its subordinates and equipment with it, and even chartering a plane... what the hell was it trying to do? Attack Ping'an country 2 ?

2(In the TV series 'Drawing Sword,' Ping'an is the name of the country which the protagonist attacks using the Yidali Cannon ..)





Chapter 168 Exactly How Strong Is the Independent Regiment?


On the same day after Zheng Tan and Wang Ling in the form of Immortal Meow had worked together serendipitously in combat at Number 59 High School, Zheng Tan had returned invigorated, as if it had been injected with chicken blood 1 . It began drilling its independent regiment day and night, and had sent out several battalion commanders to expand their numbers by recruiting new soldiers from everywhere. Now, Zheng Tan led two cat divisions!

1(This is similar in meaning to getting a shot of adrenaline.) Even its realm and strength had increased at an unprecedented rate.

In fact, Wang Ling had to be credited with all this. Because when Zheng Tan had shaken hands with Wang Ling, several strands of white cat fur had been left behind in its paw; the most mystical thing about them was that they could actually gather the spirit energy of heaven and earth! They were damn more useful than any advanced spirit gathering array!

Hence, since that day, Zheng Tan's prowess had started to increase by leaps and bounds... within a short month, it had unexpectedly reached the peak late Golden Core stage!

These were all in fact premeditated actions on Zheng Tan's part.

During this month, apart from cultivating, Zheng Tan had heard from the stray cat masses of a secret stronghold suspected to be Shadow Stream's headquarters... it was at that time that Zheng Tan had started to think about an attack operation.

Then yesterday, Zheng Tan had received the news that the Shadow Stream maiden had broken out of prison.

It was then that Zheng Tan thought its opportunity had arrived.

While that girl was still intent on taking revenge on them, Zheng Tan decided to lead its army north beforehand to fuck the enemy headquarters in the ass!

...

Jinghua city was one of Songhai city's neighboring cities.

It was the capital of Huaxiu nation. No one would expect the current headquarters of Shadow Stream to be right on top of an inconspicuous hill in the suburbs of the capital.

"It seems Ah Ying has successfully escaped." The Master of Shadow Stream Jiang Liuyue frowned from where she was sitting in a wingback chair as she watched a news report on the prison break. "Have you heard from her? Make sure she doesn't take any further action and get her to return at once before we have another incident."

As she said this, she shifted her gaze to the figure next to her.

This was an assassin in white who wore a golden armband. There was a dagger at his waist and his clothes were as white as snow. He looked like a celestial being who had emerged from a painting. This man was called Mo Li, one of the leading generals among Shadow Stream's Gold Ribbon killers and also a think tank with prowess which surpassed Jiang Liuying's.

"Rest assured, Master. I've already sent someone to pick up Miss Ah Ying." Mo Li was confident as he answered her calmly. "But Miss Ah Ying appears to still be angry about what happened, and after throwing those prison officers off the trail, she went to look for that bunch of cats from before to take revenge on them."

Cats?

Jiang Liuyue felt a vague sense of uneasiness. "These cats have very common bloodlines, but they have spiritual intelligence and realms different from common people; they must have been enlightened by a grandmaster. I think it's better that we don't provoke them."

"Master, there is no need to worry. According to the information we received, it appears that Miss Ah Ying's attack was in vain," Mo Li answered softly.

"In vain? What do you mean?"

"When Miss Ah Ying went looking in the area from the last time, there were no signs of any cats; it seems that they had evacuated earlier on."

Evacuated?

Liang Liuyue frowned, feeling that things weren't as simple as they appeared.

For some reason lately, she had become a lot more vigilant against cats. This was because not long ago, she had found a kitten which seemed to be lost near the hilltop. The strangest thing was that the hill was private land which was off-limits, and an array had been set up here. Even the birds that flew over in passing would detour around here, so how had a cat entered this place? She had given this matter a lot of thought.

This was the first time that Mo Li had seen Jiang Liuyue so worried, and he couldn't help asking, "What are you worrying about, Master?"

"I'm worried that this bunch of cats might be plotting something..."

"Plotting?" Mo Li laughed. "Are you worried that the cats will find our headquarters and attack here?"

Just then, there was suddenly a tremendous explosion outside the hall.

"Where did that explosion come from?" Mo Li tilted his head.

A Shadow Stream killer swiftly appeared as a black shadow in front of Jiang Liuyue and Mo Li. "Reporting, Master and Lord Mo Li! The foot of the hill is under attack."

"...By who?" Mo Li was shocked.

"It's a large group of cats! A large group of cats are climbing the hill... they're carrying heavy weapons and number in the tens of thousands. It appears... that they intend to attack the headquarters!"

Mo Li: "..." Somehow, his face really hurt!

"As expected, there's something off about that group of cats!" Jiang Liuyue grit her teeth. Since they had heavy artillery with them, it was very clear that these tens of thousands of cats had come well-prepared. Furthermore, there was currently a limited number of killers on base. If she suffered heavy damage here, her image as the Master of Shadow Stream in the murder industry would thoroughly collapse!

"Mo Li, call everyone back at once to protect the headquarters, and don't confront this bunch of cats during this time. Whatever happens, the headquarters is our priority!"

"Yes, Master, I'll make the arrangements right away!"

Mo Li nodded immediately; this time, he finally realized the severity of the situation.

Outside the hall, a spirit light sprung up in his hand, and a string of magic bells emerged. Standing at a high vantage point, he rang them lightly three times.

As he recited a spell, the magic bells began to vibrate rapidly, and invisible sound waves which couldn't be seen by the naked eye rippled out from him.

Three rings of the magic bells was the highest level of priority given to the command for Shadow Stream members to assemble.

"Two hours... can we hold on until then?" Mo Li felt anxious as the cat army advanced vigorously up the hill.

...

Zheng Tan's attack this time was a completely independent operation that hadn't been reported in advance.

In fact, there had been countless incidents of Shadow Stream killers mistreating cats in recent years. This had incurred the hate of cats all over the country. Cats throughout Huaxiu nation had been looking for Shadow Stream's headquarters all this time with the intent of organizing their forces to launch an attack. Recently, coordinates for the headquarters had been circulating in the cat group but had yet to be verified, so all the cats had been waiting for further confirmation from their general headquarters.

None of the cats had expected Zheng Tan to make a move before their headquarters had verified the location!

Zheng Tan's Independent Regiment was a little famous among the cat armies led by Tang Shi, Song Ci and Yuan Qu. All these years, under the leadership of these three cat tyrants, the battalions and regiments of "The Little Tigers" nationwide had been secretly observing the movements of Shadow Stream killers everywhere.

This attack by Zheng Tan had hence mobilized all the stray cats in several nearby cities.

It was the new troop of cats led by Yuan Qu's capable subordinate, cat general Li Yuanba, who first caught wind of the Shadow Stream killers' movements.

Li Yuanba's new troop was located in Dongbei city, which was to the north of Jinghua city.

At that very moment, in an abandoned sewer in Dongbei, a yellow-haired, short-tailed cat with a sturdy physique was surveying a map, accompanied by two cat staff officers.

One of the cat staff officers said, "Currently, surveillance of the Shadow Stream killers in Dongbei city show that they're gathering together as quickly as possible and are attempting to head for the capital, Jinghua city."

Li Yuanba: "What mission are they running?"

"It doesn't seem to be a mission. They're impatient to reach Jinghua city, and are in no mood to engage in drawn-out skirmishes. When small units of our cat army harass them, they're quick to break away and take a detour."

"Two days ago, Zheng Tan kept telling me it was going to create big news. It looks like something big is going on with it over there..." Li Yuanba murmured softly, its eyes narrowed. "Otherwise, this bunch of Shadow Stream killers wouldn't be so desperate to reach Jinghua city. Their headquarters is definitely there!"

Cat staff officer: "Does Commander think that Shadow Stream's headquarters is under attack? Zheng Tan only has one independent regiment... would a single regiment dare attack the headquarters?"

Li Yuanba laughed. "Hehe, why not? There's nothing that Zheng Tan doesn't dare do! If it had one or two divisions, it would have already fucking annihilated all of Shadow Stream long ago!"

Cat staff officer: "..."





Chapter 169 At Least Gang Up Before a Fight


Li Yuanba hunkered down on the ground and clapped its big thigh with one thick paw. "Pass my order along, have the entire group assemble immediately! Employ zero-casualty harassment tactics and do everything you can to delay this group of Shadow Stream killers before Zheng Tan's official attack on Shadow Stream's headquarters!"

Cat staff officer: "Commander, should we wait for instructions from the higher-up...?"

The corners of Li Yuanba's mouth twitched. "Instructions? There isn't any time... opportunities in battle change all the time and are fleeting! The old leader is so busy, don't bother it! Rather than miss the opportunity... we should strike decisively! Even if this bunch is setting off to offer their Master birthday congratulations, they must not be allowed to advance!"

The cat staff officer stopped talking at once. "..."

Because it was as if it could already see the end result.

Actually, the regiment cats could guess that based on Li Yuanba and Zheng Tan's relationship, Li Yuanba would fully support whatever move Zheng Tan made, even if it hadn't been told about it beforehand. The two cats had formed this tacit understanding which didn't require words back when they were being groomed by the three cat tyrants. This iron rapport and friendship wasn't something that regular cats could understand.

The cat staff officer next to Li Yuanba sighed in its heart. Once Li Yuanba made a move, it was very likely that there would be a chain reaction among the stray cat regiments in the neighboring cities; by then, the stray cats would all be in a complete mess.

Furthermore, zero casualties... was that truly possible?

...

Of course, Zheng Tan didn't have just one zealous brother in Li Yuanba. Everyone knew that the four heavenly guardians had once been groomed by the three great cat tyrants, Tang Shi, Song Ci and Yuan Qu. Zheng Tan was a soldier under the thunderbolt tiger Tang Shi and Li Yuanba was under the baby tiger Yuan Qu. As for the last small handsome tiger Song Ci, it had groomed the remaining two heavenly guardians, Yun Fei and Ah Huang.

Yun Fei and Zheng Tan's fate had been tied together starting with the color of their fur; they were both black cats, though Yun Fei's chest and four paws were all white. This made it look like it had walked through snow, so there were some who said that Yun Fei was a snowy mitt breed. Back then, Yun Fei and Zheng Tan had trained in the middle of the night and executed missions together, and thus had forged a deep and profound bond.

Now, Zheng Tan was the commander of the Independent Regiment, while Yun Fei led another regiment, with the regiment number 358.

This number had a special significance for Yun Fei; it was the number of tasks it had carried out together with Zheng Tan, which was three hundred and fifty-eight exactly.

Yun Fei's Regiment 358 was probably the closest to Zheng Tan's Independent Regiment geographically; they were both situated in Songhai city. Zheng Tan had found a tree hole to use as the regiment's headquarters, while Yun Fei had found a shit-shoveling officer who would do anything for it, and thus it lived comfortably in a villa. This big villa was also the headquarters of Yun Fei's Regiment 358; the cat houses arranged neatly in the backyard were inhabited by Yun Fei's subordinates. Of course, the space inside these cat houses had been expanded, like Zheng Tan's tree hole.

There were many types of cat houses: for the cavalry, the infantry, the artillery soldiers, and Yun Fei's own command post.

After Zheng Tan had left Songhai city to launch an attack and Li Yuanba had issued an order to back it up, Yun Fei was the third cat to become aware of this large-scale military campaign.

In Regiment 358's headquarters, Yun Fei was viewing a map. "...Who is brazen enough to actually go out and fight alone?"

Yun Fei's cat staff officer: "From our observations of recent movements, only Zheng Tan's Independent Regiment can call upon enough forces in this short period of time to arm themselves and enter the capital to launch an attack. Judging from the location on the map, that place is Shadow Stream's headquarters. Those coordinates were initially just a rumor, but no one had thought Commander Zheng Tan would jump the gun and launch an assault..."

Yun Fei frowned for a bit, then rubbed its face with its snow-white paws. "That's not good, either; Jinghua, Dongbei and Songhai... there's fighting everywhere. The entire South Huaxiu cat army has become a mess — this Zheng Tan is also too reckless!"

Cat staff officer: "Commander, what should we do now?"

Yun Fei: "What else can we do... of course we have to help obstruct the enemy! Inform the artillery battalion to get out all the latest things! Keep in mind that the Shadow Stream killers are quite fierce. We just need to focus on harassing them as much as possible; smoke bombs, flash bombs, noise bombs... launch whatever needs to be launched!"

Cat staff officer: "Ah! Including that Liu Baby brand flash bomb?"

Yun Fei: "Hm... use it first! Then get Zheng Tan to reimburse me! Even if it wasn't Zheng Tan who organized this assault, my Regiment 358 will still go out to help!"

Cat staff officer: "..."

...

The last one of the four heavenly guardians to hear this news was Ah Huang, a yellow tabby cat that was quite pitiful, since its owner had castrated it at birth. At one point it had suffered depression, and it was Zheng Tan that had helped it out of that psychological shadow, so they had a deep and profound friendship.

Ah Huang's new regiment was in Nanyan, between Jinghua and Songhai.

It was sipping on wine in the sewer while it received the battle report.

The chief of staff next to it reported the situation with a solemn expression. "We've just received news from the liaison officer that's with our allies; Li Yuanba's new cat army and some stray cat groups nearby have all gone into battle..."

Ah Huang: "Huh?"

Chief of staff: "...Even Yun Fei's Regiment 358 has pitched in mindlessly; without any directions from the leaders, we have no idea what is going on."

Ah Huang: "Hahahaha! It must be Zheng Tan! This guy's fucking making trouble again!"

Chief of staff: "Does Commander think that it's Commander Zheng Tan that made a move? The coordinates for that location seem to be Shadow Stream's headquarters, which was just verified recently. The leaders haven't issued any orders, but that guy actually made a move beforehand?"

"Who knows what that guy is thinking... it has bad blood with Shadow Stream to begin with. Maybe it wants to launch a preemptive strike..."

Ah Huang swished its tail and laughed. "This guy's attack has also motivated me! It's more awesome than the leaders!"

...

In an apartment in the heart of Jinghua city, cat leader Tang Shi, the thunderbolt tiger, was on the phone and so angry its fur was bristling. "What the hell is with this situation?! If you can't clearly distinguish between a division and a brigade, then what are all of you capable of?! Are your heads chamber pots?!"

Baby tiger Yuan Qu's paws pressed down on the table, its expression pained. "What is going on? Without even a telephone report, they all went off to fight? Who's leading the battle?! The fuck... at least gang up before going out to fight!"

"Someone tell me, what on earth is happening? Oh, omnipotent Immortal Meow! If only you were here..." Song Ci sighed helplessly.

Just then, in a burst of spirit light and mist, a snow-white Persian cat appeared in front of the three cat tyrants.

Wang Ling, who had changed into this white Persian cat, floated in the air. At the sight of the three cat tyrants, he sighed softly.

He had been delayed since he had had to ask Little Black to determine the whereabouts of the three cat tyrants, so it was a relief that he had been able to catch up to them.





Chapter 170 Wasn't It Agreed That Animals Couldn't Be "Awakened"?!


When Wang Ling manifested as Immortal Meow in front of the three cat tyrants, they stared wide-eyed at him with disbelieving expressions. The other cats in the apartment were also all stunned, as they had never seen Immortal Meow before and had only heard hearsay of him from the three cat leaders, Tang Shi, Song Ci and Yuan Qu.

None of the cats had anticipated that Immortal Meow would appear at this very moment.

The three cat tyrants were instantly so moved that they couldn't hold back their tears.

Seeing Tang Shi, Song Ci and Yuan Qu once again, these three cats that he had personally groomed, Wang Ling also felt deeply moved in his heart. He had never thought that the three mongrels cats that he had found in a paper box back then would actually grow this big.

They were all cats that had been abandoned by their owners; now, these unwanted kittens from back then had become the leaders of three cat armies, and had even purchased a high-class condo in the heart of Jinghua city to use as their command post... actually, the thought of it was truly astounding.

It was already one o'clock in the afternoon, and based on conservative estimates, two hours had already passed after Zheng Tan had launched its assault. With the firefight centered around Zheng Tan, the nearby cat regiments were obstructing the enemy and supporting the attack... it was just Tang Shi's headquarters that had been left in the dark.

Wang Ling's appearance could thus be said to be very timely.

He stretched out a cat claw to point at a particular point on the map.

Seeing the position, Song Ci immediately connected the dots. "Aren't these the coordinates that we received recently, that was rumored to be where Shadow Stream's headquarters is located? The information hasn't been verified, right? Yet the fighting's already started... which troop is it?"

After saying this, Song Ci and Yuan Qu both looked at Tang Shi in unison.

Tang Shi: "What are you looking at me for..."

Song Ci and Yuan Qu spoke in one voice. "Except for your family's Zheng Tan, no other cat has such guts!"

Tang Shi: "..."

Song Ci scratched its head, then turned to Wang Ling with paws clasped in a salute. "Thanks to Immortal Meow, at least we've found the flashpoint of the fighting."

"Then what do we do now?" Yuan Qu cupped its chin.

"What else can we do? The fight has already started... it's no use stopping Zheng Tan now. First, we should try and obstruct enemy reinforcements, then do our best to help Zheng Tan seize the headquarters." Song Ci sighed, feeling its head hurt as it answered.

Wang Ling didn't intend to linger in these headquarters of Tang Shi and the others, and instead wanted to go and take a look at the situation with Zheng Tan. And so, he gave Tang Shi a large pile of spirit talismans.

These were light armor talismans with strong protective properties which Wang Ling had drawn at Little Black's lab. Wang Ling wanted Tang Shi and the others to quickly distribute these spirit talismans in all the battle zones.

He had also reinforced the initial effectiveness of the light armor talismans with a discernment spell and a transmission spell. When the spirit talismans were in effective range, they would automatically discern all the cats present and then automatically create a protective connection. Actually, it worked in pretty much the same way as WIFI — oh, by the way, Wang Ling had plagiarized this creative concept from the WIFI pill that Immortal Toya was researching.

...

It was already half past one in the afternoon. Shadow Stream's secret headquarters on the hilltop was still doing its best to try and block Zheng Tan's offensive. A total of about twenty Shadow Stream killers were using every type of defensive spell they had to build a defensive barrier around their headquarters.

Before reinforcements arrived, the headquarters only had a pitiful number of twenty-odd people...

"Commander, we currently have an absolute advantage on all fronts, and there hasn't been a single casualty!" First Battalion Commander, The Monk, was giving Zheng Tan, who was directing them from the rear, a simple report.

Everything was within Zheng Tan's expectations.

There hadn't been many people in Shadow Stream's headquarters to begin with. Some of them might have higher realms than the cats, but they were so caught up in defense mode that their realms weren't of any damn use to them. This bunch of killers were most skillful at sneaking around the back to stab someone and blow up things. As long as the cats could defend against this and trap all the enemy on the hilltop, forcing them to build a defense array, the battle plan could already be considered halfway a success.

"Do we have enough cannons?" Zheng Tan asked as he raised a high-powered military telescope to survey the top of the hill.

The Monk answered, "Yes, Second Battalion Commander brought a lot."

Zheng Tan: "That's good. This time, our regiment brought about thirty Yidali Cannons in total, and we have enough firepower to hold the advantage. Pass my order along: tell Second Battalion Commander not to be stingy with its artillery shells; have it keep up a barrage of explosions."

"Yes, Commander!" answered The Monk.

The impact from the continuous and fierce bombardment by the Yidali Cannons was torturous for the Shadow Stream killers on the hilltop who were doing their best to support the protective barrier; for some of them, their hukous were already numb from the shock. An Yidali Cannon could be used up to ten times, and could fire thirty shells at a time. Hence, if there were more than enough artillery shells, a Yidali Cannon could shoot three hundred of them!

Most importantly, this kind of artillery shell was as powerful as an all-out attack by a middle Golden Core stage cultivator. The most terrifying thing was that its damage output was passively increased based on the number of women present in the target of their bombing... including the Master of Shadow Stream Jiang Liuyue, there were six female Shadow Stream killers trapped on the hilltop right now!

This directly increased the power of each of the Yidali Cannons by sixty percent.

At the sound of the rapid and heavy bombardment, Mo Li looked anxiously at the barrier outside. He was doing all he could to strengthen their defense; if Shadow Stream reinforcements continued to be delayed, they really might not be able to survive.

A Shadow Stream killer who had sustained internal injuries from the bombardment of artillery couldn't help spitting blood. "Lord Mo Li, how about we surrender..."

Surrender?

Mo Li gnashed his teeth hard. Surrender to a bunch of cats? What kind of foreign joke was that?!

"Master, what should we do now?" Although Mo Li didn't want to surrender, the situation was already beyond any tears he could shed. After the nation had been founded, hadn't it been agreed that animals couldn't be "awakened"? These ones were damn near about to become immortal!

"Is there any way to get in touch with Ah Ying? Tell her to stay away for a while and not to return here!" Jiang Liuyue was also struggling hard to prop up the barrier; she had a bad feeling.

Bzz ! —

At that moment, there was a flash of spirit light in the air on the top of the hill, and a snowy-white figure suddenly appeared.

Jiang Liuyue had very sharp eyes, and clearly saw straightaway that it was a white Persian cat.

Her intuition told her that this Persian cat was in cahoots with that bunch of cats down the hill!

But why was this cat here? Had it been sent here by a magic weapon?

There was no time to think so much given how urgent the situation was. She looked at this white cat, then bent down to abruptly lunge at it.

Wang Ling, who had just teleported here, was still focused on locking down Zheng Tan's position when he saw a woman unexpectedly attack him with her "balls" as she caught him and held him firmly to her bosom.

Before Wang Ling could figure out what this woman was thinking, Jiang Liuyue lifted him high aloft and projected her voice with a spell as she shouted down the hill: "Listen up, cats down the hill! Your little bro is now our cat hostage! Please cease your assault! Otherwise, my venerable self will kill him right away!"

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 171 A Strange Light In Its Eyes


Because of Jiang Liuyue's threat, the bombardment stopped.

"Didn't I say to defend your positions with the cannons? Who was it who ran up to the peak?!" Zheng Tan had never thought that its plan would actually go wrong here. It grabbed the telescope and swiftly scanned the peak. "Let me see who that son of a bitch is..."

Then, Zheng Tan saw the snowy-white figure in the woman's arms.

Immortal... Meow?

This time, Zheng Tan was stupefied.

...

When Jiang Liuyue had caught Wang Ling, he had still been searching for Zheng Tan's aura. Finally, he realized that clever little Zheng Tan was still at the foot of the hill. Wang Ling immediately breathed a sigh of relief in his heart. At the same time, he felt a sense of admiration for the way Zheng Tan had led its troops.

Directing tens of thousands of cats in battle, Zheng Tan had managed to achieve zero casualties. Furthermore, this group of Shadow Stream killers had been forced to hole up at the top of the hill due to the fierce Yidali Cannon bombardment by Zheng Tan's Independent Regiment, and they didn't dare come down at all.

Wang Ling realized that he had been worried for nothing...

Zheng Tan was maturing much faster than he had imagined!

Turning his head to look at the woman clasping him to her chest, Wang Ling knew that this person was the legendary Master of Shadow Stream.

Strangely, however, Wang Ling could sense that the other party's aura was very weak.

From the rumors, the real Master of Shadow Stream should be at the Soul Formation stage at the very least.

Suspicious, Wang Ling opened his Heavenly Eye, and as he had expected, this Master of Shadow Stream wasn't real. Or to put it another way, this wasn't her real body at all — it was just a clay clone which she had shaped with spirit energy.

Compared with Wang Ling's Great Separation Spell, a clay clone shaped with spirit energy had a more stable composition, so there was no need to worry that it would disappear. But its drawback was that it had to be near the real body in order to be reabsorbed. If the clone was damaged when it was outside, the real body's realm would also be set back.

No wonder this woman had camped out on the top of the hill and hadn't dared to come down. If this had been the Master of Shadow Stream's real body, Zheng Tan's Yidali Cannon probably wouldn't have been able to do anything to her.

What a devious woman, to actually create this type of "insurance" in order not to expose her real body.

It only could be said that the real Master of Shadow Stream Jiang Liuyue was much more vigilant than the common people had imagined. But despite that, there was one thing that was impossible for her to guard against.

That was Wang Ling.

"This bunch of damn cats... wait 'til my Shadow Stream reinforcements arrive, all of you will die!" Jiang Liuyue squeezed Wang Ling tight as she spoke in a low, cold voice.

Wang Ling stared indifferently at her. Although she was clutching him so tightly, it wasn't really painful. It was just that the position was a little weird, because the two globes behind him made him feel like he was leaning against a sofa...

Of course, he wasn't that vulgar, and this well-proportioned type wasn't his cup of tea.

So, when the woman held him aloft as a hostage, Wang Ling twisted his body lightly and broke free of her hold.

"Damn it!" Jiang Liuyue hadn't expected this snowy-white Persian cat to be so strong. She hurriedly stretched out her hands to grab it, only to brush Wang Ling's soft cat tail as this Persian cat floated in midair and looked down on her.

It wasn't until then that Jiang Liuyue realized that this cat wasn't that simple.

Sure enough... it had suddenly appeared out of nowhere on the hilltop. Had it used some sort of magic treasure to teleport here?

"Who the hell are you..." She looked at Wang Ling.

And then, the answer she got... was immense spiritual pressure which poured over her like a flood!

Jiang Liuyue saw a strange light in this white Persian cat's eyes!

It wasn't just her; all the Shadow Stream killers on the hilltop were completely unable to move!

Whether it was Jiang Liuyue or Mo Li, all of them felt as if their blood had frozen; they were completely rigid and unable to make a single move.

These immobilized Shadow Stream killers were all fearful; given the situation, they couldn't cast any spells, which meant that the barrier would collapse under the artillery barrage!

Wang Ling gazed down the hill to where Zheng Tan was holding up its telescope, waiting for his command.

He nodded from afar!

In the next moment, Zheng Tan roared for everyone to open fire!

Boom boom boom boom ...

The hilltop was instantly covered in a huge mushroom cloud.

This series of explosions continued for five minutes before subsiding. After the smoke settled, all the Shadow Stream killers lay paralyzed on the ground in all kinds of bizarre postures, burnt like coal; although the shellfire from the Yidali Cannons had been fierce, it hadn't completely killed them. Wang Ling had stood amidst the shellfire wrapped in a protective aura, and then had wandered leisurely through as if no one else was here.

If this was a game, you could probably see a bunch of 'MISS' words above his head.

He had already calculated the power of the shellfire; it could only deal this bunch of people serious injuries at the most.

It was good enough to deprive them of the ability to move. As for the rest... as usual, just hand them all over to the state!

When Zheng Tan went up the hill with its chief of staff, The Monk, and the second battalion commander, all the cats saw this usually ferocious commander of the Independent Regiment, who always acted like an uncontrollable wild cat, fall wailing into Wang Ling's arms.

The Monk covered its face as it suddenly felt a little ashamed. "..." You have to keep your cool, Regiment Commander!

Wang Ling: "..."

It was Zheng Tan's second time seeing the immortal cat, so it went without saying that it was very excited.

After it had calmed down and finally regained its composure, it ordered the handful of cats behind it, "You guys, search inside..."

The entrance to Shadow Stream's headquarters on the hilltop was actually pretty well-hidden in a well. But now that all of Shadow Stream's people had lost their ability to move, the cats of the Independent Regiment didn't face any resistance at all as they moved in.

Looking around, Wang Ling confirmed that all the Shadow Stream killers were down.

Jiang Liuyue's clay clone had been smashed in the explosion, and only half a face remained.

What was more, that half-face also looked like scorched earth.

She glared resentfully at Wang Ling with extreme hatred; unexpectedly, she could still talk. "Who on earth are you...?"

Wang Ling didn't say anything, and only did some probing with his spiritual senses. He wanted to use his memory retrieval spell to search Jiang Liuyue's mind for any valuable information. But unfortunately, her brain was empty.

Of course, he still had to find the real body, since the memory retrieval spell was of no use on a clay clone.

Since it didn't have any valuable information, this clay clone was worthless to him.

He opened his eyes, and a spirit light shot forth from them to straightaway destroy the final half of this woman's face.

...

At the same time, in a completely sealed-off basement in Jinghua city.

A woman who had been sitting with her legs crossed and her eyes closed, choked and coughed up a mouthful of blood...





Chapter 172 Those Who Don't Eat Crispy Noodle Snacks Are Definitely Not Friendly


In an underground chamber, Jiang Liuyue clutched her chest in agony as she gritted her teeth and struggled to regulate her breathing. The piercing pain of the backlash from the destruction of her clay clone had caused unprecedented injury to her real body. It hurt so much that her complexion turned blue and she bit her lip so hard it started to bleed. Enduring the sharp pain, she used a spirit talisman — Ah Ying, hurry up and reply!

This was the life talisman which was bound to Jiang Liuying's soul. When it was used, it could tell Jiang Liuyue where her sister was. Previously, she had been operating her clay clone, so she had had no time to spare to use this life talisman to get in touch with Jiang Liuying.

She hoped her sister wasn't on her way to Shadow Stream's headquarters, since it had already been seized by a group of cats...

But as the life talisman floated in midair for a long time, there wasn't any response from it. This Master of Shadow Stream thumped the ground resentfully... it was too late!

...

The Monk took a group of cats with it to search Shadow Stream's headquarters, but after a long time, they were only able to find some elixirs and one-off magic treasures. These magic treasures had been used by Shadow Stream killers on assassination assignments, and in fact were pretty meaningless to the cats of the Independent Regiment, who were the type to meet their enemies head-on.

Apart from this, there were chests and chests of money. Dozens of large chests were stacked full of hundred yuan bills. There were also some gold bars and antiques, and The Monk roughly calculated that altogether, everything here was worth at least a few billion HNY.

Wang Ling was deeply shocked by this massive fortune. He felt that this definitely was in poor taste on the part of this Master of Shadow Stream, since cultivators usually paid no mind to material wealth.

In Huaxiu nation, HNY was still the standard currency used, and anything could be bought with HNY. But cultivators only used the HNY for general everyday living. Normally, if they wanted to buy a magic treasure, it was more straightforward and convenient to trade for it with elixirs or magic treasures of equivalent value. Otherwise, it was troublesome to carry around and count millions or tens of millions in cash.

Oh, it was worth mentioning that when Father Wang had bought that precious Chanel sword for Wang Ling in the beginning, he had grit his teeth and handed over three million in cash. It had taken the shop assistants in the Chanel Immortal Sword flagship store three whole hours to count the amount.

In the end, this immortal sword hadn't even grown warm in Wang Ling's hand before he had shattered it.

"Regiment Commander, we hit the jackpot!" When The Monk brought their spoils of war to Zheng Tan, its face was full of excitement.

"Mm, put them away properly. From now on, all the cats in our Independent Regiment will be able to drink milk and eat fish at leisure!" Zheng Tan put its paws on its hips with pride.

"But Commander, we found something very strange." As The Monk said this, it ordered some cats to carry a stone chest forward.

This stone chest actually wasn't big, but it was heavy. It took two cats at the Foundation Establishment stage to carry it. When they placed it on the ground, it clearly sank down slightly in the soft soil.

Looking at the stone chest, The Monk said, "We found this thing in the innermost room of Shadow Stream's headquarters. It looks pretty old. Commander, do you know what this might be?"

Wang Ling and Zheng Tan's eyes were fixed on this stone chest. It was square in shape with rounded corners. All four sides were decorated in a tidy pattern and it looked like a handicraft item. The reason why it had captured the attention of The Monk and the other staff officer cats was because they had smelled a faint trace of blood from this stone chest.

"This thing has clearly come in contact with blood before, but I don't know what it might be." Zheng Tan frowned as it looked at the stone chest, then turned its gaze to Wang Ling. "Immortal Meow, do you have any ideas?"

Wang Ling's eyes glimmered slightly. After sweeping his gaze over the whole of the stone chest, he was surprised to find that it was empty — it was actually a mold! And judging from its shape, this mold looked very much like a mask...

At this moment, the thought of that stone ghost mask flitted through Wang Ling's mind.

He had felt that the decor on the outside of this stone chest was similar to that of the stone ghost mask.

In the end, Wang Ling took the stone chest with him, since he thought it could probably provide Lord Thunder plenty of new leads on the stone ghost mask.

Of course, the cats of the Independent Regiment had no problems with Wang Ling taking the stone chest with him.

This was Immortal Meow, after all.

If Immortal Meow had asked them to hand over all their spoils of war, they wouldn't have had any problems with that either!

To be honest, it was just that Wang Ling was uninterested in these supplies. Also, it was really hard for him to accept the fact that Shadow Stream's headquarters hadn't contained even one crispy noodle snack packet!

As expected, this bunch of people who didn't eat crispy noodle snacks didn't have any love in them!

To not even have crispy noodle snacks... no wonder people considered them a terrorist organization!

...

Zheng Tan and its cats would deal with those Shadow Stream killers who had been burnt like coal, so there was no need for Wang Ling to worry. This group of people had completely lost their ability to fight, and he reckoned that they wouldn't wake up any time soon.

Nevertheless, as Wang Ling was about to leave, he cast a spell on the entrance to Shadow Stream's headquarters; it was a simple travel array which led directly to Songhai First Prison...

Later, Zheng Tan and his cat army swiftly withdrew with all the supplies. Shortly after they had pulled out of this hilltop headquarters, a busty young maiden wearing a baseball cap and a face mask rapidly approached the peak.

When she was halfway up the hill, however, she suddenly felt that something was wrong; she hadn't seen a single person on her way up and she had the strange feeling that Shadow Stream's headquarters was too peaceful today.

"Mo Li clearly sent people to tell me that elder sister was anxious to find me, so why isn't there even a single person around now?" The girl felt that it was very strange; furthermore, she didn't have any other way to contact Jiang Liuyue. When she had escaped from prison, she had accidentally lost the life talisman. It had probably been washed away when she had gone through the sewer.

The only way now was to get to the peak and take a look; it was possible that elder sister was in a meeting.

With this thought in mind, the girl continued up the hill. But the closer she got to the peak, the more suspicious she became — she smelled gunpowder smoke!

"Elder sister!"

Gritting her teeth in anxiety, Jiang Liuying dashed up to the peak in several large strides. She quickly found the entrance to the headquarters, opened the lid of the well, and jumped down...

It wasn't until that moment that the girl finally realized that she had been tricked!

However, it was already too late.

Carried through a stream of colored light and shadow, the girl felt herself thrown into a space tunnel, and then she fell into a black hole.

By the time the light and her dizziness had faded, the girl had emerged on a brand new map.

It was the incomparably thick barrier from before, and that wall which looked too high to climb...

Songhai First Prison — she had actually been sent back here again!

At this moment, Jiang Liuying felt despair.





Chapter 173 Little Sister Ying Fell from the Sky


Whether it was in inner or outer circles, everyone had always had different opinions of Zhuo Yi, this "young and promising" Director of the General Administration of 100 Schools. Some thought that he had indeed worked his way up through his own strength, while some thought that he had taken advantage of his connections and gotten in through a back door.

Only Zhuo Yi knew the truth of the situation... he might be winning at life without trying, but it was just as ineffable to him.

Secretary Sun Dakang had summoned him to the prison and he had helplessly seen how that killer maiden had broken out. To be honest, Zhuo Yi was quite upset because he really hadn't been able to do anything to help this time.

Another person who was also similarly upset was Warden Liang. After all, the girl had fled right under his nose. In fact, they had acted promptly after she had escaped them, and Warden Liang had originally thought that they could catch her before things got even more serious, but in the end, she had still run away, right in front of Secretary Dakang.

Warden Liang was seeing Zhuo Yi off at Songhai First Prison's entrance. Even if he had already clarified matters in a statement to the media, he still had to shoulder this responsibility. He had to capture and detain the girl again to redeem himself, otherwise he would have to be punished.

Judging from the current situation, a demotion was undoubtedly inevitable... he had worked in the prison for so many years, and this really was the first time he had encountered such a situation. In the end, he could only acknowledge his bad luck.

Beyond the front gate of the prison was the barrier. Two days ago, the girl had smashed an opening in it, and after some emergency repairs, it had more or less been restored.

Under normal circumstances, only prison staff could pass through the barrier regularly; any other person had to be accompanied by a staff member.

As Zhuo Yi was being guided to the entrance by Warden Liang, he felt a little depressed. It was also easy to imagine that Warden Liang was feeling quite gloomy in his heart as he considered how he was going to write his self-reflection. Writing the self-reflection was a learned skill; if he wrote it carefully, his superior might consider the many years of hard work which he had put in, and lighten his punishment.

Zhuo Yi really didn't know how to console him, and could only sigh. "Warden Liang, don't fret. The saying puts it well: the cart will find its way round the hill when it gets there..."

Warden Liang's eyes were sad and bitter.

"Sometimes, when you are lost in despair, a miracle might happen." Zhuo Yi consoled him as he pointed to the sky. "Look, Warden Liang, when god closes a door, he will definitely open a window."

Exactly when Zhuo Yi finished speaking, a brightly colored cloud suddenly appeared in the air.

It was accompanied by a humming sound.

A dark shadow fell out of this cloud with a plop...

...

It had to be mentioned that this "express delivery" from Wang Ling was very timely.

And so, just like this, Jiang Liuying was captured once again.

Warden Liang held an emergency conference, and forced Zhuo Yi, who had been about to leave, to stay back.

Zhuo Yi understood that there was a procedure which government departments had to follow in doing things. As for how the Shadow Stream maiden had been caught, this was a little hard to explain, since this person had indeed just suddenly fallen from the air in front of their eyes. When it had happened, Zhuo Yi had still been pointing at the sky; this was a scene which the prison officers around them had witnessed.

During the conference, everyone was quietly waiting for Warden Liang to report the situation.

The old Secretary was sitting on the side and drinking tea with an expression as if he was watching a play.

In fact, everyone had privately spread word of the general situation, and more or less understood what had happened.

Head lowered, Zhuo Yi felt restless in his seat, and somehow had a bad feeling.

Warden Liang started to speak.

"The reason why we could resolve the matter of this prison break so quickly is without doubt due to the results of our Songhai First Prison's colleagues working as one in their determined search efforts. Of course, among all of them, the person we have to thank the most is our Director Zhuo!"

Upon saying this, Warden Liang couldn't help tearing up. "To be frank, previously I had misunderstood Director Zhuo, but his performance was truly amazing. Our Huaxiu government is really fortunate and the people are really lucky to have an official like Director Zhuo whose heart is connected to the people and who quietly makes contributions behind the scenes!"

Zhuo Yi: "..."

Warden Liang: "I think this time, we should award Director Zhuo with a first class honor!"

Zhuo Yi: "Actually, I..."

"It's fine, it's fine, Little Zhuozi, don't be modest! A service is a service; last time, you were also the one who had arranged the arrest, but in the end you were also modest about it. Trying to be modest is good, but you must acknowledge when you have performed a great service!" The old Secretary directly interrupted Zhuo Yi as he looked at the latter with extraordinary geniality. "You really didn't let me down!"

Zhuo Yi: "..."

...

And thus, Zhuo Yi had performed a great service once again.

The old Secretary's one sentence was worth a thousand words.

To this, Zhuo Yi also felt helpless.

Nowadays, whether it was good or bad comments, people followed the trend; furthermore, most of them liked to stick to their first impressions, and judged things based on their own subjective views.

Zhuo Yi remembered when Lord Thunder's cultivation forum had been massively popular; numerous cultivation forums had popped up trying to imitate its style, and one of them was called "Zhudi Sky." Back then, two kinds of people had abounded in this forum. One kind were the big boss cultivators who lurked in the forum, while the other kind were keyboard warriors called "shennong cultivators."

These shennong cultivators mostly just dabbled in cultivation and didn't have much experience. Although they didn't have any cultivation experience, they liked to nitpick anything to do with cultivators.

If someone's pill furnace blew up, they would come running out to say it was your elixir formula that was wrong!

If two clans hated each other, they would stand on the side and stir things up without distinguishing black from white!

Once, there had been a person claiming to be a shennong alchemist verified by Huaxiu nation who had criticized some alchemist's elixir formula. In the end, when that alchemist's elixir had gone on the market, it had been widely acclaimed... that so-called shennong cultivator alchemist had been slapped in the face just like that. The most important point was that this shennong cultivator could still pretend to be indifferent and nonchalant about it, saying that they didn't care while continuing to focus on their Weibo account.

What was more, Zhuo Yi had noticed that the most laughable thing about these shennong cultivators was that they liked to take general criticism as a personal attack. If one person in the forum was criticized, they felt that they were all being criticized, so they would instantly band together to fight in and outside the forum circle. In the end, the forum post would become tainted with a foul atmosphere.

This cultivation forum had already declined.

After this prison break incident, Zhuo Yi deeply felt that his experiences were in fact very similar to this diminished forum. Each time someone brought up a so-called "service" he had supposedly done, he was always clueless about it.

He had bottled too many things up in his heart, but in the end who could he talk to about them...?

Actually, Zhuo Yi felt really distressed.





Chapter 174 Always Be on the Alert!


This preemptive and large-scale anti-terrorist mission conducted by the Independent Regiment had ended in a crushing defeat for Shadow Stream and zero casualties for the local cat regiments. During the mission, Wang Ling's light armor talismans had played a very important role, because many of Shadow Stream's reinforcements had died due to the backlash from the talismans.

In the luxury condo, Tang Shi, Song Ci and Yuan Qu, these three cat army leaders, were looking at a post-war summary report. It was thanks to prompt handling of the situation, active responses from all divisions, brigades, regiments and local stray cat groups, along with Immortal Meow's backup support, that Zheng Tan had been able to obtain great success in Operation Decapitation this time.

But in terms of disciplinary behavior, it had absolutely broken the rules. Whether to punish it or not was actually quite a serious issue.

Tang Shi was struggling with this, since it was the one who had groomed Zheng Tan, after all. It pushed up its glasses and turned to Song Ci and Yuan Qu next to it. "What do the two of you think?"

Song Ci crossed its arms with a serious expression. "This time, Zheng Tan directly led tens of thousands of cats in an unsanctioned anti-terrorist operation. Based just on this, it wouldn't be too much to dock all its dried fish for the future! However... looking at tactical results alone, Zheng Tan's Independent Regiment had dared to attack Shadow Stream's secret headquarters on its own, preemptively bombarding them with oppressive shellfire which forced these brutal killers into defense mode. That was truly beautifully done! Furthermore, through this operation, every combat unit reaped considerable profits and all the local stray cat groups inadvertently banded together as one on a scale no less than a large-scale anti-terrorist military campaign."

Yuan Qu unfolded a data map and spread it out on the table. "This is the latest statistics we've just received, come and take a look. This is the increase in cat numbers for the three armies after this battle."

As soon as Tang Shi caught sight of the incline in the curve, it was completely astounded. "A net increase of eight million cats? Our three armies in total only had two million cats before!"

Song Ci cupped its chin with its claws. "After this operation, these local cats from tens of different cities wanted to join us. Of course, these are preliminary statistics, and the number is indeed too big. The stray cats in our armies are combat fighters, and they must still go through the selection process. As for the cats that won't be chosen, we'll find suitable shit-shoveling officers to take them in."

Tang Shi scratched its head. "So many cats... will we be able to manage them? Won't our funds run out?"

Yuan Qu smiled. "Zheng Tan this guy seized so many supplies from Shadow Stream's headquarters that even after several decades, our three armies still won't have used them up. Along with some one-off magic treasures and antiques, after we go through them and sell off the useless ones, we will definitely have adequate funds!"

"Mm, that's good."

Tang Shi nodded. "By the way, what is the situation with that Master of Shadow Stream, Jiang Liuyue?"

Song Ci: "We all overlooked this Master of Shadow Stream; no one expected the opponent to be so cautious as to use a spirit clay clone as an escape plan. But Immortal Meow has said that for the time being, we don't have to be too wary about this person; after Immortal Meow destroyed her clone, she has lost at least six hundred years' worth of cultivation."

"Six hundred years, so many?"

Song Ci chuckled. "This time, she lost six hundred years of cultivation in one go. After a period of time, Zheng Tan's level might well be higher than hers. Zheng Tan is on the rise right now; the rumor is that after receiving personal instruction from Immortal Meow, its realm has skyrocketed."

"This guy is too impulsive. However, after some refinement, it'll be a simple thing for it to become the backbone of the army." Yuan Qu stroked its cat beard.

Tang Shi was a little speechless; originally, it had thought that its two brothers would punish Zheng Tan, but they ended up sticking up for it... as expected, it was a wonderful thing to be backed by Immortal Meow!

...

Elsewhere, right after the end of the matter with the Shadow Stream maiden's prison break, Warden Liang was writing a post-event self-reflection after the conference. This time, thanks to Zhuo Yi, the girl who had been at large had once again been caught in time before she had had any further impact on society. Although he had managed to retain his position as warden, he still had to write a self-reflection.

Warden Liang had a headache; apart from listing his shortcomings in the self-reflection, he also had to submit a prison reinforcement bill to improve Songhai First Prison's security measures in all aspects in order to prevent something like this from ever happening again.

After pondering for a long time, Warden Liang sent a message to Zhuo Yi. "Director Zhuo, this is Little Liang. I'm writing my self-reflection now. Regarding the prison reinforcement bill, do you have any ideas?"

When Zhuo Yi received this message, he almost dropped his phone. Based on government ranks, his position as Director of the General Administration of 100 Schools was on par with the Warden of Songhai First Prison. After the end of the matter with the maiden's prison break, this Warden Liang had started calling himself Little Liang, which made Zhuo Yi feel quite embarrassed.

Something like a best friend scandal 1 would never happen.

1(This refers to South Korea's ex-president Park Geunhye, who was charged with corruption and coercion as a result of collusion with her close friend.) Since every department had its own role, Zhuo Yi felt that he had no authority to meddle. Of course, out of courtesy, he couldn't ignore this message.

A moment later, he was struck by a flash of inspiration as he recalled a face mask that had been a hot online item on Tianmao 2 . He immediately screencapped an image of that shop and sent it to Warden Liang.

2(A Chinese shopping website.) After receiving this screenshot, Warden Liang was stupefied. "Director Zhuo... excuse me, what's this?"

Zhuo Yi replied, "It's a chatterbox mask. After putting it on, a person will become talkative. If every brother in the prison puts one on, they'll be in high spirits every day, be constantly alert, and never feel sleepy!"

Warden Liang: "...So reliable? Who is the boss of this shop?"

Zhuo Yi: "Huang Shaotian 3 ."

3(This is a character from the web novel 'The King's Avatar' who is well-known for being an extreme chatterbox.) Warden Liang: "..."

...

The next day was Sunday, June 5th. When the old man turned on the news, it was all about Shadow Stream's headquarters being flattened by shellfire.

All the core Gold Ribbon killers in Shadow Stream's headquarters had been captured. Before Wang Ling had left, he had erased all their memories of the cat army. After these killers had been given cursory medical treatment, they were escorted by a special motorcade to the cultivation police department where they had been interrogated that very night. They could clearly describe the events of the attack on their headquarters, but unfortunately, none of them could recall who had done it.

The female news broadcaster glanced at the script out of the corner of her eye, then reported with a smile, "Experts from the relevant departments have said that this inability to remember anything is a symptom of being injured by an Yidali Cannon."

Wang Ling: "..."

And so, the unknown party that had attacked Shadow Stream's headquarters went down as one of Huaxiu nation's most intriguing unsolved mysteries since its founding. It wasn't just an unsolved mystery for the country, but also raised a lot of doubts and suspicions around the whole world. Some anti-terrorist experts even said that Shadow Stream had been annihilated by aliens!

Wang Ling thought that this was half right.

Because it hadn't been aliens that had annihilated Shadow Stream, but cats 4 ...

4(Aliens in Chinese is 'waixingren' 外星人 and the Chinese Internet slang for cats is 'maoxingren' 喵星人 ..)





Chapter 175 Guo Uncles Everywhere


Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: JulesNye

It was June 6th, the seventh Monday of school.

This morning, the students of Grade One, Class Three were naturally gossiping about the string of incidents that had occurred after the Shadow Stream maiden had broken out of prison to when she had been caught again. In fact, it wasn't just Grade One, Class Three; everywhere in the city, conversation among the melon seed-eating masses1 in the last few days had revolved around this topic.

1(This refers to the bystanders who watch as things happen, like the popcorn eating meme..) From the Shadow Stream maiden's prison break to Shadow Stream's headquarters being flattened by an unidentified "person" to the arrest of the maiden once again... this string of bombshells which made international headlines had all happened in the thirty six hours after the girl had first broken out of prison.

After this incident, there were two people who had become famous.

The first was Warden Liang of Songhai First Prison. Some thought that he had deliberately released the Shadow Stream maiden in order to catch bigger fish with a longer fishing line, hence culminating in such an explosive ending.

The second was Zhuo Yi... from the annihilation of the Shadow Stream killers who had invaded Number 60 High School to the arrest of the killer maiden in Number 59 High School, then to this string of incidents, it seemed that lately, any news about Shadow Stream had all had something to do with this young Director of the General Administration of 100 Schools.

After Guo Hao half-assed the copying of his homework, he began to connect this string of incidents together with a surreptitious look in his narrow eyes. "I have an uncle who works in the prison. He said someone saw with their own eyes that Shadow Stream girl fall out of a space tunnel that had suddenly appeared in midair..."

Everyone was startled. "Space tunnel?"

Chen Chao frowned. "Spatial magic has been strictly banned by the nation since it can cause many unnecessary issues. That's why every major city has a space tower set up to monitor the fluctuations of city space."

Guo Hao nodded and continued, "That's the weird part. I have a uncle who works in the space tower. He told me that at the time of the incident, the tower didn't sense any abnormalities. This proves two things..."

Everyone was curious. "What two things?"

Guo Hao scratched his chin. "The special tower was functioning normally, yet there wasn't a hint of any fluctuations at all. This proves that firstly, this person who used spatial magic has power far beyond the tower's surveillance range. Secondly, there is no way this person is an alien like the experts said on the news."

"Why's that?"

"Because there currently aren't any strong aliens at all!" Guo Hao said with a wise air. "I have an uncle who works in the Ministry of National Defense who told me that a while ago, a disorderly battle broke out in the M78 nebula. It was our General Yi of the Ministry of National Defense who personally went to mediate. With one wave of his Sky-Parting Sword, he caused the rebel army who were all tens of meters tall to lose the will to fight..."

Wang Ling: "..." How many fucking uncles do you have?!

...

At night, Lord Thunder paid a visit to the Wang family's small villa once again. This time, he brought fifty to sixty jin of broccoli with him. This broccoli was the latest batch which he had grown on spirit soil. Of course, the "mother" of this broccoli was the one which Grandfather Wang had picked up and placed in Lord Thunder's bowl.

He had already brought broccoli to the Wang family's small villa several times in a row, and he always seemed disappointed or frustrated each time; until now, he still hadn't been able to figure out the meaning behind Grandfather Wang giving him the broccoli back then...

He had left Song Qingshu to look after things in Wenxian Garden. The man had completely become Lord Thunder's housekeeper. The hawthorn seed which they had planted previously had recently shown signs of breaking through the soil, and at this stage, it needed a lot of tender care. In fact, Song Qingshu had actually changed a lot after leaving Mo Immortal Castle, and had become a lot more cheerful. In addition, he had sold off all his ill-gotten magic treasures from when he had worked at Mo Immortal Castle and had invested in numerous charity organizations.

Although Song Qingshu was still under observation, compared with when they had first met, Lord Thunder had relaxed his guard considerably around the man. Moreover, the fighting lion was also still around to watch him as well.

After the last time when Immortal Toya had lent the fighting lion to Lord Thunder for two days, the lion had been unwilling to go back for some reason. No matter how Immortal Toya tried, this fighting lion wouldn't move an inch.

It just lay lazily at the front door of Lord Thunder's villa, eyes fixed in one direction. Lord Thunder knew that the Wang family's small villa was in that direction... this fighting lion actually wanted to see Wang Ling.

It used to be a proud creature that had never lowered its head to anyone, but these days after Wang Ling had left, it was like a maiden in love who looked forward to Wang Ling's appearance again.

Lord Thunder felt that Wang Ling was perhaps the only one who had this type of power to tame a creature as unruly as this in a short period of time.

This time, he had come to the Wang family's small villa because Wang Ling had specially asked him to. So after greeting the seniors downstairs with broccoli in hand, Lord Thunder directly went upstairs to look for Wang Ling in his room.

"Brother Ling, you're looking for me?" When Lord Thunder opened the door, he saw two muscular brothers at the table studiously helping Wang Ling write his homework.

Er Ha had already smelled Lord Thunder's aura from afar. Lying prone on the ground, it raised its light green head and gave a polite nod.

Sitting cross-legged on the bed, Wang Ling was gazing solemnly at a stone chest in front of him.

"This is..." When Lord Thunder caught sight of this slightly plain stone chest, he suddenly became deeply respectful. Holding this stone chest in his hands as he sized it up, he noted that it was completely closed-off with no way to open it. But with his Heavenly Eye, he could clearly see that a small section of it was completely empty.

"This is a mask chest; after the mask inside was taken out, the chest was undoubtedly sealed from the outside, which is why it's closed-off like this." Lord Thunder held the stone chest in his hands as his gaze swept over it carefully. Judging from its design style and that faint but familiar sense of blood, he was almost positive that this stone chest had been used to store the stone ghost mask!

At the very beginning, the stone ghost mask had stirred up a foul wind and a rain of blood in the cultivation world. The most frightening part was that it was so hard that there was no way to completely destroy it. Therefore, quite a number of craftsmen had researched ways to seal it. It was very obvious that this mask chest was a product of that time, created by some craftsman to seal away the stone ghost mask.

It was also very clear that the stone ghost mask had once been sealed inside this mask chest for some time. Who knew when it had been taken out, and the chest reworked to conceal the fact?

"Brother Ling, where did you find this stone chest?" Lord Thunder was very curious.

Wang Ling telepathically conveyed the facts of the chest's origin to him.

"Cats?" Lord Thunder was stunned when he heard this. He finally knew the truth of the annihilation of Shadow Stream's headquarters which had been on the news these two days.

If this story got out, how many diligent cultivators would cover their faces and run around in a frenzy?

For the first time in his life, Lord Thunder felt that all his life achievements had actually lost out to a few cats.





Chapter 176 Shadow Stream Has been Annihilated; Is Mo Immortal Castle Not Far Behind?


The appearance of this stone chest was a huge revelation for Lord Thunder. As for why it had been in the hands of the Shadow Stream killers, it actually wasn't hard to guess after careful consideration. After all, the stone ghost mask was something that opportunists scrambled madly for in a bid to obtain great power within a short time frame.

It wasn't just Mo Immortal Castle that was looking for it; dark forces were also carrying out their own investigations, which wasn't anything odd.

But the fact of the matter was that with the annihilation of Shadow Stream's headquarters, there was no opportunity for international killer organizations to rise up. This was also true of the dark forces within Huaxiu that had initially been stirring restlessly. The saying that guilt made cowards of people was really true. Through the Shadow Stream incident, these dark forces could clearly sense that in Huaxiu nation, there was an expert whom they were incapable of touching or detecting...

His mastery over spatial magic, the fluctuations of which even the space tower couldn't detect precisely, was really too abnormal.

Later, Lord Thunder left with this mask chest. Wang Ling had never wanted to become involved in this matter since the beginning, so it was best to leave it to the other man... before the latter left, Grandfather Wang also praised him for the quality of the broccoli which he had planted.

Then, from the window on the second floor, Wang Ling saw this idiot bounce off with a face full of excitement as if the kindergarten teacher had awarded him a little red flower.

...

After leaving the villa, Lord Thunder went to Midnight Dining Hall. Before midnight, the small, shabby shop was as wretchedly dilapidated and desolate as usual. Boss Tan was still doing the dishes inside. When he saw Lord Thunder, his expression was blank for a bit before he lifted his eyes slightly. "Yo, come to have noodles again?"

Frankly speaking, Lord Thunder had felt that Boss Tan's beef noodles was nothing special. But today, he had come with a question again. Now that he was here, it wouldn't be nice to start asking without ordering anything.

Pondering for a while, he asked, "Are there any other dishes...?"

"Ah... yes, there is. I learned a dish from my shifu recently called elk velvet antlers and pine jellyfish soup. Are you interested? It's made from imported ingredients, so it's a little expensive, but it definitely tastes better than when my shifu uses local ingredients for the soup," the boss replied after thinking for a moment.

Lord Thunder's expression was blank. "Er, aren't elk velvet antlers and pine jellyfish local ingredients?"

Boss Tan threw up his hands. "They used to be... but Aoxiu nation applied earlier on for these two soup ingredients to be declared cultural heritages. They're just as shameless as Nanhan nation, which claims that everything originated with them."

Lord Thunder: "Then I'll order one..."

Anyway, if it wasn't good, he wouldn't pay for it!

"Go on then, why are you looking for me?" Boss Tan looked up at Lord Thunder.

First time strangers and second time friends; this routine of asking questions while ordering was something he was quite familiar with.

Lord Thunder didn't beat around the bush; with a flash of spirit light, the mask chest dropped on the table with a "duang" sound. "This thing, boss, have you seen it before?"

Boss Tan didn't say anything and only lowered his head to concentrate on the ingredients in his hands. He chopped the elk velvet antlers into pieces and sliced the transparent pine jelly. After washing them in the colander and then putting them into an earthenware pot, he added some spice and then covered it with the pot lid. After doing all this, Boss Tan raised his head and stared at Lord Thunder. "Do you mind if I smoke?"

Lord Thunder shook his head, but secretly used his spirit energy to control his nose hairs and modify them for filter mode. Nobody would expect that this Great Death-Courting Senior was someone who didn't smoke. Furthermore, he had developed this simple spell for controlling his nose hairs himself; it was an effective way of reducing the harmful effects of passive smoking.

Boss Tan took a drag on the cigarette. "The truth is that this chest was indeed made by one of my friends."

Lord Thunder's eyes instantly sparkled — this was very important information!

Actually, Boss Tan had recently started feeling concerned about the stone ghost mask. Although he had chosen to live a secluded life, it was undeniable that the mask which he had originally made with that little girl was creating unpredictable waves in this world. The government and light forces were looking for these two masks to seal them, while the dark forces wanted to use the masks to become a power to be reckoned with.

"Back then, we spared no effort to make this thing." Boss Tan sighed deeply. "Unfortunately, I have to tell you that the maker of this stone chest has passed away."

Lord Thunder's eyes dimmed. Although he badly wanted to ask how that person had died, it would be a little abrupt and rude.

He had known that this Boss Tan's identity was definitely a complicated one; given the way his aura waxed and waned, he was very likely a great senior whose level he had no hope of matching...

Of course, this was all just speculation.

But Lord Thunder had ineffable confidence in himself, since his sixth sense tended to be accurate!

Boss Tan fixed his eyes on the stone chest for a long time. It was clear that he didn't want to share the reason why his friend had passed away. He was silent for a while before he finally gave Lord Thunder a warning. "I suggest that you give up on following this lead. If you continue, whether it's you or your genius friend who can write songs, it'll go very badly for the both of you. This isn't something you can touch."

He touched the knife scar on the right side of his face. "Do you see this knife scar...?"

Lord Thunder frowned. "Judging from the wound, you were hurt by a magic weapon?"

"It's easy to join a sect, but it's hard to get out. Sometimes, if you sink too deep into the muddy water, it's difficult to pull yourself out," Boss Tan said. "I got this knife scar back when I left the sect. At that time, fighting had broken out, which was when I got this scar..."

Saying this, Boss Tan was heartbroken. "This injury was caused by a holy weapon. Given my realm at that time, even if my body was cured, there was no way to heal this knife scar. I've tried so many cosmetic beauty institutions over the years, but all in vain. When I think about back then... I was the sect male beauty, and there were so many sect female beauties who were waiting on me. I used to be an idol type! I earned a living with my face!"

Lord Thunder: "..."

Lord Thunder: "Was this scar a blade wound?"

"Oh, not really."

Boss Tan shook his head like a rattle-drum. "When I was fleeing the sect, I accidentally tripped and fell, and my face was slashed by a knife that happened to be on the ground..."

Lord Thunder: "..."





Chapter 177 There's a Huge Problem with This Information


The annihilation of Shadow Stream in fact had affected quite a number of people.

In that magnificent edifice in the heart of the city, after Ah You's death and the confirmation that Ah Zuo had become a vegetable, it was as if the Lady of the Castle now lived permanently in her office. With Mo Immortal Castle being hit by major events one after another, she had too many matters to deal with. Almost every ten minutes or so, there would be someone delivering the latest intelligence to her office.

The Lady's penthouse office had all the signs of a presidential suite; bathroom, bedroom — it had everything she needed. Early this morning, the Lady of the Castle had woken up from her state of breath regulation and had felt much more refreshed. Her dead brain cells from yesterday had all been replenished in one night.

For a cultivator, cross-legged breathing meditation was much more effective than the sleep of normal people.

When she pushed her bedroom door open, the files on the office table had already piled up like a small mountain. A lot of them had to do with the impact which the annihilation of Shadow Stream had on Mo Immortal Castle. After all, Mo Immortal Castle had over the years had quite a fair bit of private dealings with Shadow Stream, so the latter's sudden collapse would naturally have affected them. But this wasn't critical, since Mo Immortal Castle had only worked together with Shadow Stream and wasn't dependent on them.

After searching for a while through the stack of data that had been delivered early in the morning, the Lady of the Castle finally came upon a piece of information which caught her interest.

It was on that family in the "small villa" on the outskirts on East Huang Road.

Previously, the Lady had sent two Mo Immortal Castle cultivators there, but their life signs had been lost after they had entered that villa. After that day, she had gotten her intelligence personnel to probe into this family's background.

She started scanning the information word by word from the beginning, for fear of missing any important clues.

Unfortunately, she almost flipped her table over after reading it.

It was just a normal family! —The lady homeowner was a housewife and the master of the house was a website novelist! Their son was still in Senior Grade One, and was just a student at the Foundation Establishment stage! There was also an old man in the family who already had one foot in the grave...

The Lady of the Castle really couldn't figure out how her cultivators had been sent to their deaths by such an ordinary family. Had they bumped into a fucking ghost?!

Her first thought was that she had been hoodwinked by the intelligence department.

However, as a responsible leader, she still continued reading the information. After all, Mo Immortal Castle's intelligence personnel had all been trained by a retired old man from Chaoyang District whom they had employed at high cost, and the work of gathering information which the department had done all this time had always been very reliable.

According to the information collected by a Mo Immortal Castle intelligence agent, in March this year, Shadow Stream killers had launched a surprise attack on Number 60 High School. As a result, the Three Young Masters of Burying Love who were ranked in the top twenty on the international list of killers, along with dozens of their subordinates, had all died in battle. Number 60 High School hadn't experienced any casualties, and not even a single hair on any student's head had been harmed at all...

The second piece of information: in May this year, elite students from Number 60 High School had been sent to Number 59 High School to participate in a inter-school spirit sword exchange meet. During the exchange meet, the younger sister of the Master of Shadow Stream, Gold Ribbon killer Jiang Liuying, had attempted to instigate a night attack on the eve of the exchange meet, but in the end had been arrested instead...

Then there was the third piece of information, which had to do with the Shadow Stream incident this time.

On the surface, there didn't seem to be anything else that could be inferred from these three incidents apart from "Shadow Stream" as the thing that linked them all together.

But the Lady had still found a slight connection between all of them!

She realized that these three incidents had all had something to do with that high school student at the Foundation Establishment stage who lived in that villa on the outskirts! It seemed like wherever this high school student was, Shadow Stream would follow! But this still wasn't the most important thing; the most important was that each emergency situation which had been caused by Shadow Stream had been perfectly resolved. This forced the Lady to wonder about the truth behind these incidents.

As for the third incident, although Wang Ling didn't seem connected to it on the surface, according to information from the intelligence department on the recently popular "Director of the General Administration of 100 Schools, Zhuo Yi," the latter actually had a complex relationship with this family...

All in all, after looking at these three incidents together as a whole, the Lady couldn't help cupping her chin and pondering deeply.

In the beginning, this family had inadvertently bought the stone ghost mask online. When Song Qingshu had gone to acquire it, he had been obstructed in every way possible. If this had been a normal family, there was no way they could have resisted the lure of so much money.

After careful thought, the Lady of the Castle suddenly understood that in the last few months, there was a reason why Mo Immortal Castle had failed in their efforts to grab the stone ghost mask.

She drew in a sharp breath and felt that this time, they had really provoked a very troublesome opponent...

From a summary of current intelligence, Zhuo Yi, Director of the General Administration of 100 Schools; Lord Thunder, founder of the cultivation forum; plus this family's master of the house, a well-known website novelist; along with some cultivation big shots who had one after another demonstrated support online after Mother Wang's groping incident... this inconspicuous small villa on the desolate outskirts was unexpectedly connected to so many world-shakers in the cultivation circle.

Who the hell was this Wang Ling?

Was he really just a normal high school student?

If the other party was just a high school student... then, who was the almighty senior who stood behind him?

The Lady of the Castle didn't dare to continue with this line of thought. Under the circumstances, she didn't have solid evidence to prove that there was something wrong with this family; at the most, she could only hazard a guess that there was an unimaginable big shot watching from behind them. The Lady was already very clear on the fact that they had all underestimated this family repeatedly by assuming that they were just an ordinary family; that was why they had ultimately failed each time they had engaged with them.

Whatever the case, before they made a move the next time, they had to clearly assess the situation first.

Linking her slender fingers together, the Lady rested her chin on them, and her gold-rimmed women's glasses perched on the high bridge of her nose glinted in the light.

A moment later, she picked up the phone and dialed the director of their intelligence department, Gongsun Liancheng. "Is this Director Gongsun?

On the other end of the phone came an elderly voice. "It is, Lady."

"I've read all the intelligence on that villa on the outskirts. Investigate anything to do with this villa again carefully; the family's overall basic income, their regular activities, I want to know everything. Also, send someone to specially investigate a student for me; find out who his classmates and teachers are. You have one day to give me all the information you have."

"Not a problem, Lady. What is the student's name?"

"He's called..."

Er, wait... what was his name?

Fuck!

What on earth was his name?!

The Lady was very embarrassed; how could she have forgotten the information she had just read?!

As her lips twitched awkwardly, her gaze fell on the data in her hands once more... then, she was stunned!

Because now, the data was actually all covered in mosaic tiles!

...

At the same time, Wang Ling, who had been sitting cross-legged, let out a deep breath; he had just finished upgrading his "Great Shielding Spell," which was one of the Three Thousand Great Spells.





Chapter 178 The Key to Increasing Your Height Is to Break Your Legs


It was June 7th on the seventh Tuesday of the semester.

A lot of things had happened in this one night. Wang Ling had upgraded his Great Shielding Spell and Lord Thunder had had a very long "heart-to-heart" conversation with Boss Tan at Midnight Dining Hall. By the time they had finished speaking, the elk velvet antlers and pine jelly soup had grown cold. The final bill had come to four hundred and nineteen HNY... this was probably the most expensive dish of all the ordinary dishes in Boss Tan's shop.

It was around dawn when Lord Thunder finally started to make his way back to Wenxian Garden with the stone chest.

At that time, the sky was already starting to lighten, and the sun's rays broke through the clouds. Some of them shone on the face of the man in white who was on a flying sword. The man's expression hadn't eased up since leaving Midnight Dining Hall.

Immortal Mansion...

From Boss Tan's lips, Lord Thunder once again heard the name of this organization. The last time he had heard it was when the woman called Ah You who had been employed by Mo Immortal Castle had mentioned it.

At that time, Lord Thunder had tentatively determined the nature of this organization, and after returning home, he had specially checked the current list of light forces present in and outside of Huaxiu nation. As expected, however, he hadn't discovered any clues.

This wasn't a listed sect regulated by Huaxiu nation or another government; instead, it was under dark force administration, which was the most dangerous thing about it.

Boss Tan also appeared to be a retired expert who recognized this murky group called Immortal Mansion. Although Lord Thunder didn't know the specific connection between Boss Tan and Immortal Mansion, his sixth sense told him that it was likely he himself would run into trouble in the days to come...

Such were his thoughts as he made his way home.

...

The fervor surrounding the Shadow Stream incident subsided as quickly as it had emerged. Whether it was government officials or the melon-eating masses, they would only focus on this type of huge gossip for a short period of time.

During that period, netizens would maintain a pretentious attitude of focusing on the facts and make frenzied comments as if they were trying to drag the whole world into even more chaos. Worse still, some malicious self-publishing media would embellish the original facts of the incident and spread rumors mainly for the sake of increasing their "page views" by freeloading off this hot incident.

However, as reality had shown, whether it was Shadow Stream's prison break this time, or those soldiers who had been sacrificed during government rescue operations, or the disappearance of Maxiu nation's aeroplane a few years ago... some netizens would be severely critical, some netizens would mourn. After this period of time, interest would start to wane, and finally no one would pay attention to the issue any longer.

Wang Ling understood this well from experience; the recent incident with Mother Wang being groped had perfectly reflected this situation, after all. During that period of time, every major blogger had been advocating anti-pervert guidebooks for women. But things were always easier said than done. After this hot topic had dropped out of the limelight, public "wandering hands" once again had been unable to restrain themselves.

Today, the topic of discussion in Grade One, Class Three had shifted again and had been completely supplanted by the latest gossip on the school's military training.

Furthermore, this news had unexpectedly been brought to them by Tang Jingze and He Bufeng, Number 59 High School's delinquent senior.

In the brief span of time that they had been at Number 60 High School so far, these two people had fitted in pretty quickly; at the very least, they had already integrated into the class's male population.

However, Wang Ling felt that these two guys had been infected by a terrible disease, and that was gossip...

Needless to say, they had definitely picked up this disease from Guo Hao, Guo Hao. Wang Ling had always thought that this disease was far more frightening than a virus since gossip was contagious — and this was in no way an exaggeration!

"I heard about this military training from a couple of senior brothers who are about to graduate."

During the free study period in the morning, He Bufeng sat at his desk and waved the stack of mysterious files which he had in his hands. The students of Grade One, Class Three all surrounded He Bufeng; Wang Ling alone sat in his seat as he waited and watched from afar.

"Did you spend money on this?" Guo Hao was very curious.

"No, I didn't."

He Bufeng shook his head. "I just promised them that after they graduated, they can bring their student IDs to my family's hospital to get height-increasing surgery done free of charge... but this surgery is limited to guys, and is our hospital's latest project for which we are applying a patent."

Bluntly speaking, this was a business transaction — height-increasing surgery in exchange for information.

"This actually works?" Chen Chao was stunned.

"Genetically speaking, your height, like cultivation genius, is set from birth. Even cultivators aren't able to improve their heights through cultivation. The height-increasing pills available on the market actually still aren't as reliable as height insoles, since a pill's effect can only last for half a month at most, and it's also very expensive."

When He Bufeng said this, Su Xiao sullenly lowered his head.

"But technology nowadays is so advanced that it's actually not hard to increase your height by two to four centimeters. Surgery at our family's hospital is quite reliable; the results are permanent and there are no side effects. But you have to wait until you graduate from high school before getting the surgery so that you can make full use of the two-year long seclusion break," He Bufeng said.

Su Xiao was suddenly interested. "How is it done?"

"The specific process begins with anaesthesia. Then, we look for two burly fellows to break both your legs; the best is if the bone is shattered. After that, the height-increasing liquid developed by our hospital will be injected into the broken bones, and our special German orthopedic medicinal powder will be applied over it," He Bufeng answered indifferently. "That's right... the crux of the entire surgery is that you need to break the legs!"

Everyone: "..."

He Bufeng: "The more broken they are, the better, and no matter what, don't touch the nerves. The two bruisers who will fracture your legs have been specially trained by our hospital."

Chen Chao covered his face and laughed bitterly. "...This is simply too brutal!"

"That's why this surgery is suitable for boys only. Girls' legs are too thin, so it'll be hard for the men to control their strength when breaking them," He Bufeng said.

Guo Hao: "I just want to know, the two people whom you traded with for information, do they know about this?"

He Bufeng shrugged his shoulders. "Of course not."

Guo Hao: "Wouldn't you be in danger once they learn the truth?"

He Bufeng patted Guo Hao's shoulder. "Don't worry... by then, their legs will already have been broken!"

"..."

It wasn't until now that Wang Ling finally realized how scary this delinquent senior was.

...

Getting down to business, He Bufeng broke down the information in his hands, which he had already gone through last night. "Let me explain to everyone the brand new content of the military training this time in simple terms. Apart from military stance drills, a survival contest has been added to the team event."

Lin Xiaoyu: "Sand-washing 1 contest? Are we going to play with mud?!"

1('Sand-washing' and 'survival' have the same pronunciation in Chinese ..) "It's survival, not sand-washing..."

He Bufeng rubbed his temple as he continued. "This survival contest will put all the students from the six schools taking part in the military training on one map. Two schools will form one alliance, and the three alliances will carry out an actual combat simulation exercise on the map. The last ten people standing will be the victors of the contest."

After He Bufeng said this, Tang Jingze looked around from where he was standing on the side. "This time, our Number 59 High School and Number 60 High School will form an alliance and fight the other four high schools together!"





Chapter 179 Lie Mengmeng, Someone Has Stolen Your White Bunny Slippers!


Of all the school military training exercises that had been held before, there had never been one like this.

This time, Number 59 High School and Number 60 High School, these two schools that had long been tangled in a grudge match, were finally going to team up and fight on the same side. Currently not many people knew this information, and it was thanks to Tang Jingze and He Bufeng that Grade One, Class Three had learned of this "survival contest" in advance; everyone's expressions showed that they were looking forward to it.

"What are the specific rules?" someone asked He Bufeng.

"Mm, the survival contest this time is slightly different from the previous spirit sword exchange meet; the terrain will be much wider. Secondly, after entering the map, everyone will be bare-handed. The use of spirit swords and any magic treasure is forbidden. What we will have to do is collect the magic treasures randomly distributed on the map and then defeat the people from the other schools," He Bufeng explained. "Of course, the quality of the magic treasure you pick up all depends on your luck."

At this point, Tang Jingze let out a sigh. "So this actual combat exercise, compared with the previous spirit sword exchange meet, is more a test of your ability to adapt to a situation. Of course, luck plays a factor. If someone finds a pair of immortal-grade shoes and can run all over the map, or if someone finds a top-grade immortal sword at the very beginning and initiates a large-scale massacre, even we might be helpless..."

Everyone: "..."

"Who are our opponents this time?" asked Su Xiao.

"They're all from Peiyuan district. Jinyuan High School and Reliance Girls' High form one alliance while Jiancai High School and Shenye High School are an alliance," Tang Jingze said.

Hearing the names of these high schools, Chen Chao's eyes suddenly dimmed. "Even Shenye High School is taking part... that's the key high school designated for children of the Xiao clan."

Guo Hao shook his head. "I don't think this Shenye High School is anything important. I have an uncle who works there that told me that children of the Xiao clan in Shenye High School are from branch families. Jinyuan High School's overall strength is quite similar to ours, so instead, the crux will be Reliance Girls' High and Jiancai High School."

Tang Jingze raised his eyebrows. "What do you mean?"

"I have an uncle who works as a security guard at Reliance Girls' High, and an uncle who works as a phys ed teacher at Jiancai High School. They told me before about the situations there," Guo Hao said gravely. "This Reliance Girls' High has a high level of overall strength. Their principal is the head of the prefecture-level Reliance Sect, and is also nicknamed Principal Reliance. This principal is an expert at earth and wood techniques, and can easily adapt to any kind of terrain."

"Then what about Jiancai High School?"

Guo Hao: "That's Lin Xiaocong's school; it's a key high school which his father, Lin Sicong, has invested in. Quite a few of the Lin family's children study there. The most distinctive thing about them is that they're especially wealthy."

This was a revelation to everyone who heard it. Not many people would have an impression of Jiancai High School. But when it came to Lin Xiaocong, there probably wasn't anyone who didn't know this famous rich second generation or his Fish-Slaying Sword, which was one of a kind.

Most importantly, this Lin Xiaocong not only had a superior family background, he also worked especially hard... he had been ranked number one in the second mock spirit sword exam this year.

This time, they would also be dealing with the rest of the children from the Lin family. It was easy to guess that for the sake of his family's performance in the military training, Lin Xiaocong would go all out in instructing them from behind... it could be said that the military training this time was going to be a challenge for both Number 59 High School and Number 60 High School.

Nevertheless, both schools were on the candidate list to be upgraded to key city high schools, and this battle would be very important in ultimately determining whether they would be upgraded or not.

Wang Ling wasn't very interested in the contest. Instead, when he heard that they wouldn't be able to use spirit swords in this actual combat exercise, he breathed a relieved sigh.

There was no way he wanted Jingke to go ballistic again...

...

When Wang Ling got home after school in the evening, he saw that the pair of white bunny slippers at the door were gone.

Had Lie Mengmeng come?

Wang Ling thought it was strange that the slippers were gone as he hadn't sensed Lie Mengmeng's aura in the house.

He looked up and saw a young man sitting on the sofa and chatting with Father Wang as they drank tea. When he entered, he even heard the young man give a wicked-sounding laugh. The moment he caught sight of him, his heart suddenly froze... because this person was actually Zhuo Yi!

Wang Ling couldn't help roaring in his heart... Lie Mengmeng, someone has stolen your white bunny slippers!

When Zhuo Yi saw Wang Ling, his eyes lit up, and before he could betray any more emotion, he turned so that his back was facing Father Wang.

When Father Wang on the sofa saw that Wang Ling had returned home, he instantly introduced Zhuo Yi with great delight. "Ling Ling, let me introduce you. This is the biggest fan of my latest book. He's also your school senior and the youngest director of the General Administration of 100 Schools. He's also the person who personally recaptured that killer who escaped from Songhai First Prison recently!"

Wang Ling: "..."

Actually, Zhuo Yi had wanted to pay the Wang family a visit for a long time, but hadn't had the courage to do so.

So this time when he had come to visit the Wang family, he had made sure to be amply prepared.

Before his visit, he had asked Lord Thunder some questions including what his little shifu liked, what his personality was like, and how to get along well with him...

Actually, when Zhuo Yi had asked these questions, Lord Thunder had thought that it was very strange. In his mind, Zhuo Yi was Wang Ling's eldest disciple. Why would this eldest disciple come running to ask questions about his own shifu?

— This definitely must be because they had a turbulent relationship!

Thus, with the intention of helping them make peace, Lord Thunder had told Zhuo Yi many things about Wang Ling.

Zhuo Yi now knew that Wang Ling liked to keep a low profile, which was why he usually disliked putting himself forward publicly. Moreover, although Wang Ling appeared to be Zhuo Yi's school junior on the surface, the truth was that he was a deeply secretive big boss... and it wasn't just Wang Ling; the other people in the Wang family's small villa were also all great seniors who lay low in the cultivation circle!

Now Wang Ling knew... he had been betrayed by Lord Thunder!

He couldn't help wanting to sigh in his heart; he hadn't expected that there would actually be a traitor in his small circle of cultivation friends!

Staring at Zhuo Yi, he was silent for a very long time and his brain hurt.

Just as it felt like the air was about to turn heavy, Zhuo Yi suddenly spoke to Father Wang. "Brother Wang, this time I brought some gifts."

"Just come if you're coming, you don't have to bring anything." Father Wang felt a little embarrassed.

"What must be done should be done." Zhuo Yi took out his storage bag. He had prepared a top-grade cigar for Father Wang and a bottle of youth-retaining skin lotion for Mother Wang. And then, he took out a huge head of broccoli.

Zhuo Yi felt quite proud as he held it in both hands. "I heard that Old Senior Wang especially liked broccoli, so I spent a huge amount of money to buy this from a great senior."

"..."

Finally, he rummaged through his storage bag and took out a box of crispy noodle snacks in a variety of flavors.

Wang Ling was slightly startled for a moment as he stared at this box of crispy noodle snacks.

Hm, very well...

He would accept this disciple!





Chapter 180 Lao Gudong's Gossip Time


It was June 8th on the seventh Wednesday of the semester.

Today, Lao Gudong started to gossip as usual during his theory of history class, but this time, the content was a little different. In the past, most of the light gossip he had shared had been related to the knowledge in their textbook. This time, however, Lao Gudong started with the Shadow Stream incident, and began to talk about some of the famous killers on the current international list of killers.

"The buzz around the incident with Shadow Stream in the past few months caught the attention of a number of the city leaders. Today's lesson will be something like safety education for all of you." Lao Gudong leaned his elbow partly on the lectern next to him as he said slowly, "Is there anyone who knows anything about those killers on the international list of killers?"

There was utter silence below the dais.

"The three Shadow Stream killers who died in our school previously were all in the top twenty on the international ranking list of killers. The person with the highest rank was thirteenth." When he said this, Lao Gudong smiled. "But this group of people were all FISH!"

"FISH?" Some people were confused.

Lao Gudong shrugged: "FISH as in trash 1 ."

1(The Chinese term used here, 杂鱼,translates into 'mixed fish.') Everyone: "..."

"If I may say so... in the international ranking list of killers, those below the top ten are, in my view, all trash!" Lao Gudong smiled slightly.

Although what he said made the students below the dais burst into laughter, Wang Ling could sensed a trace of confidence in Lao Gudong's words. He had witnessed Lao Gudong's strength for himself, and had always believed that this theory of history teacher's real identity wasn't an ordinary one.

To Wang Ling, Lao Gudong had always been a mysterious man with stories to tell... in fact, ever since he had encountered Third Saint and learned about Killer Taoist, Wang Ling had actually become a little suspicious about Lao Gudong's identity.

Could he be that number one expert on the international ranking list of killers?

"Today, I want to talk about these top ten killers on the ranking list."

Upon saying this, an enigmatic expression flitted across Lao Gudong's face. "On the international ranking list of killers, the Master of Shadow Stream, Jiang Liuyue, is ranked sixth. She hasn't made an appearance since Shadow Stream's headquarters was destroyed. But I have a feeling that this Master of Shadow Stream isn't really dead. Next, let us go through the ranking in reverse order. The killer ranked tenth is codenamed Night Rain Kidney Menace."

"Night Rain... Kidney Menace?"

"That's right; speaking of this Night Rain Kidney Menace's origin, they say that this killer's family was exceptionally poor when he was young, so he didn't have any cultivation resources. That was why he set foot on a path of no return — he harvests kidneys and sells them for money. The specific price of the kidney is based on the cultivator's realm. The higher the realm, the more expensive the kidney... this person once caused carnage across the country by cutting out the kidneys of countless cultivators. That's why he was also given the nickname Kidney Hunter."

Hearing this, the students in class couldn't help quivering. This killer was only ranked tenth, but he was already so abnormal... then how evil were the ones ranked above him?

Lao Gudong carried on with his introduction. "The ninth killer is codenamed Little Cold Hands. This person was born with a unique condition — innately cold hands. Each time this killer carries out a mission, he adopts a harmless appearance, then looks for an opportunity to pretend to fall down."

"Why pretend to fall down?" Everyone was bewildered.

"Of course it's to look for a chance to hold hands with the target. Faking a pengci fall, then seizing the chance to grasp hands with the target looks more natural," Lao Gudong said with a profound air. "Once you hold hands with this person, the special cold qi inside his body will instantly invade your internal organs and cause a freezing numbness in the short term. Of course, this condition only lasts for a very short while, but for a professional killer, that's more than enough time to kill a person. Back then, the cultivators who suffered from this person's poisonous hand had been completely unable to react right up to their final moments."

"..."

"The eighth killer is codenamed Steamed Bun Invader. This killer is a little special; before every assassination assignment, he'll leave a bloody meat bun as notice. Compared with the previous two killers, the most impressive thing about this person is his ability to come and go as he pleases. His mastery of the aura-concealment skill is formidable and terrifying."

"..."

The seventh killer is codenamed One-Inch Gray 2 ... this killer is also a little special. His assassination weapon of choice is an inch of gray hair. Rumor is that he refined his own hair into a magic weapon. Once he attacks, he will definitely kill his opponent. Until now, he has never missed his mark."

2(As you have probably guessed by now, the author's been borrowing names from other novels like 'The King's Avatar.') Refined his hair into a magic weapon?

When Wang Ling heard this, he couldn't help knitting his eyebrows together. This seemed a little similar to the technique that had been demonstrated by Ah Zuo and Ah You from Immortal Mansion.

"I don't have to say much about the sixth one, the Master of Shadow Stream. Next I'll focus on the top five killers on the list." Lao Gudong sneaked out a latiao from his pocket and stuck one in his mouth. "I believe that while you have heard so much about the Shadow Stream incident in the last few days, you would have also heard a little about the fourth and fifth killers. They're a famous couple in the international circle of killers nicknamed Elders Gold and Silver. One is Elder Gold and the other is Elder Silver, and both are experts at using poison."

"Is this poison of any use on cultivators?"

"Of course it is!"

Lao Gudong nodded his head. "All of you are taking the pharmacology course, so you know that cultivators aren't affected by general poisons. Whether it's snake venom or the toxic sap of a plant, just a little is more than enough to kill an ordinary person. But no matter how much poison cultivators ingest, they can use their spirit energy to force them out of their pores... but Elders Gold and Silver use a myriad of poisons that are far more complex. What's more, they are the only ones who have the antidotes. As far as I know, they've even developed a new poison."

Someone couldn't help asking, "What kind of poison is it?"

Lao Gudong replied, "It's an extremely potent kind that can cause you to become deranged. The poisoned person swiftly turns effeminate in a very short span of time and becomes wickedly coquettish. Elders Gold and Silver once poisoned the former fourth killer on the ranking list, whose code name was The Nation's Fifth Flirt 3 ."

3(This is a tagline for Guo Lele, a 14-year-old boy who gained Internet notoriety with cringeworthy flirtatious behavior.) Someone asked, "And then?"

Lao Gudong shrugged his shoulders. "This Nation's Fifth Flirt went insane in one night, breaking into the homes of other killers and shouting at anyone he saw: 'I don't care, I'm the most handsome, I'm your cutie 4 ...'"

4(This can be considered Guo Lele's tagline ..) "..." Everyone in Grade One, Class Three felt their scalps grow numb.

"In the end, when they found this killer... he was already dead. His kidneys were gone, there were traces of ice on his body, and there were signs that hair had been wrapped around his neck. Moreover, a bloody meat bun had been left next to his corpse."

Everyone: "..."

"That's right. This former killer ranked fourth on the list had been beaten to death by his peers. After that, Elders Gold and Silver moved up in the ranks; in this way, one became ranked fourth and the other fifth..."

Hearing this story, Wang Ling already had no strength left to mock it. "..."





Chapter 181 Bandit Evil, Cold Wind and Teacher Killer


It had already been three days since the destruction of Shadow Stream's headquarters, and it had taken that long for Jiang Liuyue to adjust in that secret underground room before her condition finally stabilized.

This Master of Stream Shadow did some preliminary estimates; after this disaster, she had lost at least six hundred years' worth of cultivation.

Even if her spirit clay clone had been completely destroyed, she could have still retained her realm as long as she could call her clone back. Unfortunately, that damn cat hadn't given her the slightest opportunity to do so, and had straightaway blasted it apart.

Her headquarters was in ruins, her younger sister had been caught once again, and even her assistant Mo Li had been captured...

The Shadow Stream that had been world-shakers in the murder industry in the past no longer existed; at that very moment, Jiang Liuyue felt a little downhearted.

Now that Shadow Stream had declined, she was well aware that the killers on that ranking list would be doing what they could to track her down... whether it was One-Inch Gray ranked seventh, Steamed Bun Invader ranked eighth, Little Cold Hands ranked ninth, or Night Rain Kidney Menace ranked tenth, they all had the strength to kill her and replace her in the rankings as easily as turning their hands over.

Next, what on earth should she do?

Her eyes darkened suddenly.

Jiang Liuyue had already prepared much earlier on for the worst, but she had never expected this day to come so quickly and abruptly. Nevertheless, though the situation was terrible, she had at least been able to protect her real body. In fact, if it hadn't been for her spirit clay clone, she would have already lost her final shot at turning the tables.

She was the one who had personally sealed up that mask chest in the headquarters. She knew that the stone ghost mask was one of twin weapons. Thus, the moment she had taken out that stone ghost mask, she had sealed it away in a void of chaos and cut off the resonant link between the two masks, exposing her location as a result.

She was well aware that she still had an opportunity to turn the tide.

That stone ghost mask was her final hand.

As long as she could stay alive...

...

Elsewhere, Lao Gudong was still going on with his theory of history class.

He was almost done introducing the top ten killers on the international ranking list, with three individuals left to talk about.

Lao Gudong rested both his arms on the lectern as he adopted the manner of a storyteller. "I've explained the killers ranked fourth to tenth on the ranking list. Next, I'll talk about the top three killers in the world."

When he said this, he narrowed his eyes slightly and his expression was calm and composed.

"To my knowledge, since the release of the list of the top one hundred killers in the world, the rankings have changed roughly three thousand and six hundred times. However, there are three positions that have always remained the same, and they belong to the top three killers on the list. Once, there had been no shortage of killers on the list who would challenge them publicly; back then, in just one year, these top three killers had received over three hundred challenges, but on one particular day, all of these would-be challengers were killed. Basically, every single person just went to their deaths."

Everyone: "..."

"Since then, in order to reduce the constant upheavals that were happening on the ranking list, the killers all signed a pact to agree that they could only challenge the person who was in the spot above them, and they were forbidden to skip ranks when issuing challenges. So for the time being, Elders Gold and Silver are the only people qualified to challenge the third killer."

"Excuse me, teacher, have Elders Gold and Silver attempted to issue a challenge?" someone couldn't help raising his hand to ask after hearing this.

"Of course they have." Lao Gudong nodded. "As far as I know, Elders Gold and Silver this couple have tried over twenty times but they all failed. This third killer's codename is Bandit Evil. He's world-famous for his supreme thieving skills. The rumor is that anyone who fights him will find all the magic treasures they have on their person missing, and they won't know when it happened."

"..."

"Before the killer's pact was enacted, Steamed Bun Invader had once challenged this Bandit Evil. The result was that all his bloody steamed buns were stolen on the day of the challenge, and in the end he had to run away without fighting."

"..."

"Little Cold Hands had intended to use the pengci routine on Bandit Evil, but in the end, all his clothes were stolen, even his underwear. Ultimately, he could only get up from the ground and run away without fighting. He was almost charged with pengci and indecent public behavior."

"..."

"The unluckiest person was One-Inch Gray... when he challenged Bandit Evil back then, he woke up the next day to find all his hair gone! What was more, Bandit Evil had even smeared hair loss ointment all over his head..."

"..."

"So I think everyone can already guess why Elders Gold and Silver failed," Lao Gudong said indifferently. "Every time they were going to poison Bandit Evil, they would always find that their poisons had disappeared. At the very beginning, they had even wondered if they had dementia..."

"..."

Lao Gudong was truly Lao Gudong; in succinct words, he had meticulously broken down the gossip on these terrifying killers on the international ranking list of killers.

At that moment, the atmosphere in class was already completely fired up. Seeing that he still had some time left on the clock, Lao Gudong finished with the third killer Bandit Evil, and prepared to continue with gossip on the final two killers.

Lao Gudong obviously enjoyed gossiping and didn't really want to stop. "The killer ranked second on the list is codenamed Cold Wind; his strength is widely acknowledged on the international list of killers. To the best of my knowledge, this killer was a special soldier trained by Huaxiu nation to execute state assassinations. He has helped our nation evade danger many times by preventing state secrets from being stolen by foreign spies, and he comes and goes like a shadow. Once, for an assignment, he single-handedly fought mercenaries sent by western cultivation nations and wiped them all out without sustaining a single injury."

When he said this, Lao Gudong couldn't help feeling deeply moved in his heart. "Most of the time, the killers on the list leave us the impression that they're cold-hearted. But there are some heroes among them who deserve our reverence... Cold Wind is one of them."

"One of them? Is there anyone else?" Someone noticed what Lao Gudong was implying.

"Of course there is." Lao Gudong nodded swiftly. "The next killer I want to talk about is the legendary figure who has been in first place ever since the list was created... Killer Taoist, codenamed Teacher Killer."

Hearing this renowned name, Wang Ling finally couldn't help raising his eyes.

Killer Taoist... once again he was hearing this person's name.

Third Saint, who had defected from Mo Immortal Castle, had previously mistaken Wang Ling as this Killer Taoist.





Chapter 182 Working With Gua Pi


It was still June 8th and around ten o'clock in the morning.

Lao Gudong was still conducting class; elsewhere, after taking three days to adjust to the injuries caused by the backlash from the destruction of her spirit clay clone, Jiang Liuyue came out of seclusion earlier than she had planned.

When she stepped out of the apartment basement, the harsh light of the sun shone on her face.

She knew that that bunch of killers on the ranking list were now all looking for her... she had to be especially on guard against that One-Inch Gray. Once she was eliminated, all the killers below her on the list would move up one spot.

However, trying to track her down in a sea of people was going to be far from easy.

The basement she had been using for seclusion was in the heart of Jinghua city.

This was an underground carpark, while its innermost section housed a convenience mart that had already been abandoned. When the mart's owner and his sister-in-law had run away with all the money, property management had rented out this space. After checking it out back then, Jiang Liuyue had decided to cultivate in seclusion here, and had directly rented the place by putting down a deposit and fifty years' worth of rent in one go.

This was the perfect plan. Cultivators were very picky when it came to choosing a seclusion spot to cultivate in, and many cultivators who had researched them would choose a "spirit eye." A spirit eye was where natural spiritual energy converged, and was equivalent to a natural spirit gathering array. It was far more effective than an artificially made spirit gathering array, as it could continually replenish the spiritual energy required when a person cultivated in seclusion.

Cultivators who were even more particular would, apart from looking for spirit eyes, even invite a Taoist diviner to assess the place... in short, it had to be a seclusion spot blessed with good feng shui. Once they had settled on one, these cultivators would put the necessary defense measures in place in case they were disturbed while in seclusion.

However, this abandoned convenience mart which Jiang Liuyue had chosen didn't have a spirit eye, nor did it have anything to do with feng shui... she couldn't get any more low-key than this, squeezed as she was into this inconspicuous, out-of-the-way nook; absolutely no one would have expected the grand Master of Shadow Stream to hole up in such a small corner.

What she needed to do now was to waste no time in regaining her realm.

...

On the outskirts of Jinghua city flowed a river of sewage; all the city's waste water was ultimately channeled here, and then was filtered and purified in a recycling process to be reused once more.

By the time Jiang Liuyue hurried to this place, it was already noon. At this time, it was burning hot in Jinghua city and the river of sewage gave off an unbearably foul odor, so few people would come by here.

"This is the place..."

After she had originally taken out the stone ghost mask, she had gotten her younger sister Jiang Liuying to seal it in this river of sewage when she had had the opportunity to do so.

Her turtle-breathing skill in effect, Jiang Liuyue stood in front of this river and stared at it. It stank to high heaven here; if she had come unprepared, she definitely would have been knocked out by the stench, since a cultivator's five senses were far more sensitive than a normal person's.

She raised her hand, and with a hum, spirit light shot forth from the tip of her finger toward the water.

When her younger sister had sealed this stone ghost mask in this river back then, Jiang Liuyue had set up obstruction magic which worked using the same mechanism as for digital red packets 1 ; the seal would be activated after she injected her spirit energy into it.

1(This is basically just an online version of the red packets filled with money which the Chinese traditionally distribute on auspicious occasions ..) After she pushed her spirit energy into the river of sewage, the river's initially calm surface instantly started to ripple.

Water gurgled.

The water started to rise in waves like a fountain, and in its center, Jiang Liuyue plainly saw a spirit pouch, which still had the Band-aid waterproof talisman which she had stuck on before.

With a wave of her hand, the spirit pouch on top of the fountain instantly flew to her.

After so many years, this stone ghost mask that she had obtained from a gang of grave robbers back then was finally seeing the light of day again.

There were a lot of rumors about the stone ghost mask, but Jiang Liuyue acknowledged that she was a very cautious person, and she had never been tempted to use the mask as a so-called cultivation shortcut. But now that things had come to this point, she had no other way left of turning the tide in her favor.

Her eyebrows knitted slightly as she untied the spirit pouch. Immediately a cloud of black smoke escaped the pouch with a hiss. It hovered in the air and gave a cruel, sinister laugh. "Junior, after you dropped my venerable self into the water back then, I thought you had already forgotten me. It has been so many years... why is it that your stage has regressed? Has your life been so poor?"

"As things stand now, I'm at the end of my rope," Jiang Liuyue said softly, her eyes dark.

"If that was going to be the case, you should have worked with my venerable self much earlier on. If you had made this decision back then, you definitely wouldn't be in the position that you are in now..." The stone ghost mask in the black smoke laughed non-stop. "So, have you thought it through? You should know what it means to cooperate with me, right?"

Jiang Liuyue: "Back then, Lord Devil Emperor was researching a way to counter the Great Evil Containment Wave, but in the end you screwed it up and caused yourself to be sealed away. The cooperation you speak of is nothing more than your desire to be resurrected by drawing on external forces."

Devil Emperor Gua Pi: "...Fuck! How did you know?"

The stone ghost mask immediately blushed deeply; this was really too shameful!

Jiang Liuyue: "Lord Devil Emperor's deeds are already recorded in our history books; they're now compulsory test points every year."

Devil Emperor Gua Pi: "..."

After a short period of silence, Jiang Liuyue raised her eyes. "There is just one thing that I don't understand... in cultivation circles, countless people have attempted to obtain the stone ghost mask. Why didn't senior try to work with them?"

"Hehe, so what if they attempted to obtain me? I'll only work with someone whom I am compatible with. In the hundreds of years that I was sealed, you were the first person to find me. Unfortunately, before we could come to an agreement, you didn't even want to listen to my venerable self, and you sealed me away in this foul-smelling river of sewage..."

Devil Emperor Gua Pi laughed slightly. "I can help you accomplish two tasks. However, the condition is that you must allow me to use your body for a period of time, during which your soul will be confined to the stone ghost mask."

"Soul exchange?" Jiang Liuyue furrowed her brow.

"This is the only method I can think of for the time being," this Devil Emperor Gua Pi in the stone ghost mask said. "Of course, you can rest assured that if you help me, I won't toss you aside after everything is over. After I find a suitable body, I'll return yours to you."

"Of course this junior trusts Lord Devil Emperor." Jiang Liuyue smiled bitterly; she had already lost everything, what did it matter? "Also, I believe that given Lord Devil Emperor's glorious standing in the past, you won't stay in a woman's body for very long. Although, there is a particular community of cross-dressing men that is popular now..."

"Cross-dressing men? What is that?" Devil Emperor Gua Pi hadn't had contact with the outside world for so long, and was a little derailed by this piece of information.

Jiang Liuyue: "It's a group of men who like to dress up in women's clothing, and who are even admired and pursued by many."

Devil Emperor Gua Pi: "..." It had been more than a thousand years since he had been outside; had the world truly become that horrifying?





Chapter 183 Give You a Pair of Floral Shorts


"If you agree to work with me, you can request something of me. My venerable self can satisfy whatever you desire..." The voice of the stone ghost mask sounded from within the black smoke.

Jiang Liuyue furrowed her brow. Although she had said that she trusted Devil Emperor Gua Pi, she was still doubtful about this so-called "cooperation." Who the hell knew, after being sealed away for over one thousand years in the mask, maybe this Devil Emperor Gua Pi had become a pervert?

Right now, Jiang Liuyue had no other option but to choose to trust him. Moreover, she could use this opportunity to investigate the truth about this Devil Emperor for herself.

After all, this was the notorious monster who had shaken the world back then; it had taken all of Huaxiu nation's power to destroy him.

"Any condition is fine?" Jiang Liuyue asked softly after staring fixedly at the black smoke for a few seconds.

"Of course." Devil Emperor Gua Pi laughed. "There is nothing that my venerable self can't do."

"Then can you help me recover my former realm? Someone destroyed my spirit clay clone, which directly caused me to lose six hundred years of my cultivation..." Jiang Liuyue's eyes turned dark.

"As long as your cultivation wasn't lost due to internal factors, you can regain your realm; for those who lose their cultivation through internal deviation, even my venerable self can do nothing for them. Since your condition was caused by an external factor, I have a way to help you recover. However, it will take time — to obtain six hundred years of cultivation once more, it will take at least a year."

"A year?" Jiang Liuyue jolted. Cramming six hundred years into one would massively cut down the time needed for her to recover her cultivation realm!

"This recovery technique doesn't require you to go into seclusion; you can cultivate anytime you want. My venerable self will now pass it on to you. You can try it out for a month to test my words. After that, you can tell me your second condition." Jiang Liuyue heard enigmatic laughter from within the black smoke.

"Lord Devil Emperor might have guessed by now that as I've chosen to cooperate, I can no longer turn back. I'll learn this recovery technique and start cultivating immediately. During this period, I hope Lord Devil Emperor will help me with a second matter... I want revenge!"

"Of course. In fact, saving time will benefit both of us. But my venerable self is currently confined to the mask and unable to come out, so what is your plan for revenge?" Devil Emperor Gua Pi asked.

"I just hope that Lord Devil Emperor can help me 'persuade' several people." Jiang Liuyue cupped her fists in a salute toward the black smoke as she spoke slowly. "In the current list of killers, there are some people who have been looking for me. One-Inch Gray ranked seventh, Steamed Bun Invader ranked eighth, Little Cold Hands ranked ninth and Night Rain Kidney Menace ranked tenth..."

"Hehe, do you want to see them dead by someone else's hands?" In the black smoke, Devil Emperor Gua Pi laughed. "I never expected that the current cultivation world would actually set up a list of killers... but why don't you directly ask those above you in the ranking list for help?"

Jiang Liuyue: "Those people don't leave any tracks that can be followed, so I don't know their whereabouts for now. But I can bet that these four people are doing whatever they can to find me. As long as they kill me, they can move up one place in the ranking."

Devil Emperor Gua Pi: "So that's it... hehe, then, you just need to send out a message; you don't have to take the trouble to find them."

"Persuade some people and get them to do the work; are you confident you can do this?" Jiang Liuyue asked.

"They're just a few juniors. Back when I was engaged in 'cheerful conversation' with the ten founding generals of Huaxiu nation, those people were probably still drinking their mothers' milk. You only need to draw them here and leave the rest to me." Devil Emperor Gua Pi laughed coldly.

"Then I will have to trouble you." Jiang Liuyue cupped her fists in a salute.

"Why do you need to thank me when this is a mutually beneficial arrangement?" After saying that, the black smoke which surrounded the stone ghost mask suddenly coalesced, and the mask returned to Jiang Liuyue's hand.

"By the way, who did you want revenge on?"

"A school."

Jiang Liuyue gripped the stone ghost mask tightly. "I want the people in that school dead, every last one of them!"

...

Everyone had learned a lot from the history class today. Lao Gudong's understanding of these top ten killers was far beyond what they could imagine, and they couldn't help but wonder if he had once worked for a national intelligence agency.

When it came to gossip on Killer Taoist, Lao Gudong had had quite a fair bit of information; he had even talked about Killer Taoist's favorite color of underpants as if it was fact. The students in class had all thought that he was just full of hot air, but as someone who had seen the way Lao Gudong operated for himself, Wang Ling believed that everything the teacher had said was true.

This was the number one killer on the international ranking list of killers! He was a figure who had once turned the cultivation world upside down... but the way Lao Gudong slandered him with his words just made him sound like a weird old uncle.

Everybody's initial impression of Killer Taoist was that he was a brutal killer, but in Lao Gudong's mouth, he actually became a killer who upheld justice and punished evildoers. What was more, he had a unique fetish — he liked to wear floral underpants.

Now, Wang Ling truly didn't understand anything.

He had once suspected Lao Gudong of being Killer Taoist, but if that was the case, how could anyone be so careless as to reveal their unknown secrets to the rest of the world?

Wang Ling thus was once again lost in a haze of suspicion and doubts when it came to Lao Gudong's identity.

...

In the evening on this day after school, apart from some patrolling night security guards and several teachers who had stayed behind to mark homework and instruct students, an unexpected person had also stayed back today.

It was already getting dark when Lao Gudong's stout figure waddled up to the top of the school building to stare at the sky.

At this time, Lao Gudong should already have left school. His schedule always followed a routine, and he was always careful to go to work on time and to clock off on time. He wouldn't waste even one second... but today, it was his first time going up to the roof.

Suddenly, a black shadow appeared behind him. This black shadow raised a cold blade in its hand like a ray of light and stabbed directly at the back of Lao Gudong's head.

His lightning speed was too fast to see clearly!

But Lao Gudong's face was as calm as an old well. He twisted his hand and directly immobilized the point of the knife between his fingers, breaking the blade with a crack.

Lao Gudong turned around and clapped. "Mm, your accuracy has improved tremendously... however, you're still lacking a little in strength."

The man standing in the dark heaved a sigh. "Teacher, you're as powerful as ever!"

Looking at this man, Lao Gudong narrowed his eyes slightly. "I have a bad feeling that something big is going to happen soon."

"Indeed, the murder industry has been restless lately. A lot of people are looking for the Master of Shadow Stream," replied the man in the dark.

Lao Gudong's eyes narrowed slightly. "My students may be in danger, so I hope you and your senior brother will keep an eye on those people. If anyone tries to lay a hand on my students, get rid of them as soon as possible."

"Very well, teacher."

The man in the dark nodded, but looked a little embarrassed. "But teacher, eldest senior brother could be anywhere, and I'm afraid I might not be able to find him... and even if I do, I'm not sure if he would listen to me."

After the person said that, spirit light appeared in Lao Gudong's hand, and something was tossed to him.

The man in the dark was immediately startled. "This is..."

Lao Gudong: "This is your senior brother's floral underpants. I took them in passing back when he challenged me."

The man in the dark: "..."

Lao Gudong: "Hang them up on your clothesline and he'll show up straightaway."

The man in the dark: "..."





Chapter 184 Winner Winner Chicken Dinner!


On June 9th, Song Qingshu, who was now officially working as a housekeeper at Lord Thunder's villa, discovered that the hawthorn seed had sprouted. Although it was just a sapling, it would grow ten times faster in spirit soil, or even more rapidly than that.

Lord Thunder had researched and developed this spirit soil himself. Compared with soil from elsewhere, it was a hundred times more nutritious for spirit plants. This was spirit soil that could even bring a cooked broccoli back to life, to say nothing of a hawthorn seed.

Lord Thunder had always felt that his spirit soil was the culmination and best representation of his research, and was also a pivotal step for him toward becoming the father of hybrid spirit grass in the future.

Despite the fact that no one knew what would happen after this hawthorn tree had matured, and whether that girl who had played in the mud with Boss Tan would keep her word, in the end, the person who created the problem should be the one to fix it. Judging from all the clues at hand, this girl was their only hope for a breakthrough.

Of course, even Lord Thunder could never have expected that as twin magic weapons, the other stone ghost mask would be in Master of Shadow Stream Jiang Liuyue's hand. In fact, things had become even more complicated. This was already no longer as simple as just sealing the stone ghost mask away... because the commander of the Gua Pi Army, Devil Emperor Gua Pi, had struck a deal with Jiang Liuyue and was about to return to the cultivation world.

...

In the past two days, a scene had flashed through Wang Ling's mind a couple of times, but it was always too short for even him to see much. It was the image of a man leaning against a wall and sitting in a pool of blood. His white clothes were soaked in it, and he had his head lowered and eyes shut as he gasped harshly for breath...

This was the Heavenly Eye's prediction ability at the highest level, which was more specific than the simple twitching of Wang Ling's eyelid. While they both functioned similarly as a warning system, the difference was that his twitching eyelid was directed at him, and foretold how he would be affected by a particular event. On the other hand, the visual omen which the Heavenly Eye showed him was directed at the people around him.

The Heavenly Eye's visual omen would usually flash through his mind up to three times, and each time the picture would become clearer. So far, the scene had flashed twice, and Wang Ling could clearly see the man's surroundings and the blood that was everywhere. He likely would have to wait for the next time to truly see that man's face clearly.

The breeze from the bedroom window ruffled Wang Ling's hair. Raising his eyes slightly to look out the skylight, he felt a little uneasy.

Actually, at that very moment, he just knew that something had already happened.

...

Elsewhere, after Jiang Liuyue had made a deal with Devil Emperor Gua Pi, they had officially started their "cohabitation" in that strategic convenience mart which she had been using to cultivate in seclusion.

After a night of instruction, Jiang Liuyue had more or less grasped how to use the recovery technique. When she started using it, she could distinctly sense a current of cosmic power. It was only after she understood it more fully that she realized that this was a magic skill that drew directly on spirit energy from beyond the world to accelerate the recovery of one's realm. However, its drawback was that it would shorten one's lifespan, so it was a forbidden technique.

A year of one's life for a year of cultivation strength...

Jiang Liuyue couldn't help mocking herself in her heart. Although it was a forbidden skill, it unexpectedly still obeyed the law of spirit energy conservation.

A cultivator at the Soul Formation stage had a lifespan of two thousand years. After regaining her former realm with this recovery technique, her lifespan would be reduced by six hundred years.

However, she was well aware that she didn't have any other choice.

After running through the recovery technique's heart sutra twice, she felt that she had already become more skilled at using it than before.

Next to her, Devil Emperor Gua Pi was looking things up on Jiang Liuyue's wristwatch. It had taken her a pretty long time to teach him how to use it, since "old people" were usually slow to absorb new things.

Because he was trapped inside the stone ghost mask, Devil Emperor Gua Pi couldn't scroll through pages on the watch. At the moment, he could only release a cloud of black smoke to speak, so the watch's built-in voice function proved very useful. Through his non-stop vocal queries, Devil Emperor Gua Pi thus learned about current developments in modern-day Huaxiu nation.

"Nowadays, even an immortal sword requires a license plate, and under an odd-even license plate regulation 1 as well? Once my venerable self takes over the world, I'll immediately get rid of this lame regulation...

1(As a way to ration road space in China, this policy stipulates that drivers can only use the roads on alternate days depending on whether their license plates end in an odd or even number.) "Oh wow, this four-wheeled machine is damn cool, when will my venerable self get to drive some of them?"

Jiang Liuyue had already started to get used to his successive exclamations.

At the very beginning, she had wondered if she had brought back a country bumpkin... but after thinking about it again, she then felt that this Devil Emperor Gua Pi was also a pitiful person.

After all, this old devil who had been trapped for a thousand years was encountering the advanced technology of the human world for the first time.

As Jiang Liuyue was sighing in her heart, suddenly there was a knock at the door to the convenience mart, and she heard the voice of a strange man. "Hello! Is there anyone here? Your takeout is here!"

"Takeout?" Jiang Liuyue had a suspicious expression on her face.

In the black smoke, Devil Emperor Gua Pi laughed. "It was my venerable self who ordered it. Previously, I saw an app on your watch called Riceball 2 Takeout. There are so many things to eat on it!"

2(Riceball, or 'mituan' in Chinese, is a riff on the Chinese food delivery app 'Meituan .. ') Jiang Liuyue: "I thought that at your current level, you wouldn't need to bother to satisfy food cravings at all..."

Devil Emperor Gua Pi: "Cultivators can survive without food or drink for several days since they can draw on natural spirit energy, but it's normal to want to eat good food. In order to cut down on costs, those old-fashioned cultivation sects in the past tricked their disciples into enduring their hunger, which was wrong!"

Jiang Liuyue: "..."

Devil Emperor Gua Pi: "Also, weren't you injured? You must have nutrition to replenish your strength. Only then will you be able to recover from your wounds!"

Jiang Liuyue: "...But senior, it doesn't seem like you can eat anything in your current state."

Devil Emperor Gua Pi swiftly replied, "You don't have to worry about that, just help my venerable self open the door."

Suspicious, Jiang Liuyue went to the door.

When she opened it, she saw a young brother in white carrying four square delivery boxes and standing respectfully at the door. "Hello, this is the takeout you ordered: two hundred super-hot chicken wings."

"..."

She had just accepted the takeout boxes when she saw a stream of black smoke swiftly dash out of the convenience mart with a whoosh!

Before that young delivery brother could react, that stone ghost mask directly grabbed his face and stabbed into it with the two hooks on its sides.

Two minutes later, Devil Emperor Gua Pi completed the soul exchange and used the body of this young delivery brother to stand up.

He took off the mask and stretched out his arms as he felt a little moved in his heart; it had been too long since he could remember how it felt to own a body.

Unfortunately, this body had a very large flaw; it was only at the Foundation Establishment stage, and in half an hour at the most, he would have to return to the stone ghost mask.

Of course, he was indifferent to all of this.

At that very moment, all of Devil Emperor Gua Pi's attention was on those four boxes of super-hot chicken wings.

This old devil who had been trapped in the mask for a thousand years stared at the four large boxes of chicken wings in Jiang Liuyue's hands and couldn't help swallowing his saliva. His voice was even choked with emotion as he spoke. "...I was sealed away for more than a thousand years and couldn't even have a chicken leg. This time, I can finally eat meat again!"

Jiang Liuyue: "..."





Chapter 185 The Lurkers Are All Big Shots


It was June 10th, the seventh Friday of the semester.

The old man got up early in the morning to make his trademark dish — Chinese soup dumplings. This had been his specialty when he had become a star chef back then. At one time, his soup dumplings had dominated Breakfast Street, and because of it, he had been bestowed the title King of Dumplings.

An excellent soup dumpling usually had three special qualities: it had to have thin skin and generous filling, and it had to be juicy. Grandfather Wang's soup dumplings had a fourth, very special quality: it could very easily remind people of the taste of their mothers' cooking. Just one bite could cause a person to tear up uncontrollably, as if they had been hit with tear gas.

So this morning, when Father Wang saw the Chinese soup dumplings specially made by Grandfather Wang, he very conscientiously prepared two large wads of paper napkins well in advance on the table.

Of course, not everyone would shed tears after eating the old man's soup dumplings.

Wang Ling wouldn't — after all, tears would really ruin the cold image that he had built for himself. Thus, while he ate the soup dumplings, he used his spirit energy to seal off his acupuncture points and block his tear ducts.

During breakfast, the old man and Father Wang had a habit of watching the news.

When Father Wang turned on the TV, it just happened to be broadcasting the morning news. The female broadcaster had on a solemn expression as she reported, "Next is breaking news. As of six thirty-eight this morning, thirty-two Riceball Takeout delivery employees have gone missing since yesterday. This horrendous mass disappearance has caused widespread panic in takeout delivery circles. The cultivation police held an emergency conference last night. They suspect that there is a high probability that this mass disappearance of takeout delivery employees is linked to the Master of Shadow Stream, Jiang Liuyue, who is still at large. At the moment, this incident is still under investigation..."

When he saw this news, the old man sighed. "The world is so dangerous nowadays — you can lose your life even just by delivering takeout."

"Dad, you think this has something to do with the Master of Shadow Stream? Didn't the police say that they only suspected that she was involved? They still haven't found any proof." Father Wang took a bite of his soup dumpling, then wiped at his tears.

"I was just saying it casually. But if this had been in the past and the suspect had ordered my soup dumplings as takeout, it wouldn't have been unusual if this could help solve the case." The old man looked at the Chinese soup dumplings on the table and sighed at the unforgiving passage of time. "I've only been busy growing vegetables after I retired. My cooking skills are already no longer what they were when I was at my peak. In the past, the soup dumplings which I made could cause people to tear up just from its aroma."

Father Wang and Wang Ling: "..."

The old man: "In the past, my Chinese soup dumplings were like tear gas grenades; they were even used by the police who went undercover as deliverymen to send them to criminals. As soon as those criminals smelled my soup dumplings, they would be almost blinded by the tears in their eyes. This was the moment when the police would sweep in and apprehend them."

Father Wang and Wang Ling: "..."

...

This mass disappearance of Riceball Takeout delivery employees was probably the second major event to have happened in recent times following the Shadow Stream incident. Wang Ling thought that the police's suspicion made sense; from a criminal investigation point of view, it was indeed very easy to link these two events together.

Furthermore, Wang Ling knew that this Master of Shadow Stream was currently injured. He had blasted apart her spirit clay clone, causing her to straightaway lose six hundred years' worth of cultivation. Her real body would certainly have been injured by the backlash; this definitely would have affected her cultivation in seclusion, and she would require some time to heal.

During this period, nutrition would obviously be vital. Although a true cultivator could give up their food cravings and absorb the nutrition they required through natural spirit energy, an injured person had to eat when they needed to... this was the best way for their body to recover quickly.

To sum up, Wang Ling felt that this wasn't a simple matter, and in his heart he strongly agreed with the police's opinion that this most likely had something to do with the Master of Shadow Stream.

Although the Shadow Stream incident had come to an end, the final "tail" had ultimately still escaped, after all. She was an unpredictable element who made Wang Ling very uneasy. The view of the rest of the world was that there was already no way that Shadow Stream could make a comeback after this. Wang Ling, however, felt that until this Master of Shadow Stream was apprehended, this matter was not over.

As it turned out, it wasn't just Wang Ling who thought this way.

Great minds did think alike...

Opening his group chat, Wang Ling found quite a number of people discussing this matter.

Everyone knew that Shadow Stream this terrorist organization wasn't completely done for until its leader was caught. In cultivation circles, anyone with even the smallest sense of righteousness was looking into information on her.

Speaking of good people with righteous hearts, there were of course plenty of people in this group who wouldn't lose out to Lord Thunder.

When Wang Ling went online, Cailian Zhenren happened to be discussing this issue with the other people in the group.

Cailian Zhenren: "This incident is a little strange, what do you think?"

Bulang Blade Immortal sent a meme of a man pushing up his glasses. "I have a friend who works at the police station. They say that those deliverymen all went missing in the same area."

Cailian Zhenren: "Are there specific coordinates for the place?"

Bulang Blade Immortal: "Yes, and it's been determined that the delivery orders came from a convenience mart in the basement of a luxury apartment. But that mart has already been abandoned for a long time, and the people in the surrounding area have no idea who's living there. Because there aren't any surveillance recordings of the basement, the police currently can't confirm whether this convenience mart has anything to do with those missing deliverymen."

"That's easy enough to do, we can collect the evidence." Cailian Zhenren nodded before she swiftly replied, "I remember that Immortal Toya developed a soul-gathering incense which can collect ghosts from ten li around in half an hour. If these deliverymen died tragically, then these vengeful ghosts will act as evidence."

But after Cailian Zhenren said that, Immortal Toya didn't immediately reply. Lord Thunder specifically @ mentioned him in the chat. "Brother To, are you here?"

Very quickly, Immortal Toya sent a sweat meme. "I'm refining elixirs... I have a lot of soul-gathering incense. If you need any help, I can come back from Chrysanthemum Island at any time. I'm more familiar with how to use it and I can control the range for collecting souls. If someone else handles this and draws malicious spirits over, that'll ruin everything."

"Very well, then Brother To is in charge of collecting the souls. But even if we do collect evidence, from a lawful point of view, we still need to catch the suspect." Lord Thunder nodded and said, "I have something on today and I can't go myself, so someone else needs to come forward now. It would be best if they can disguise themselves as a delivery employee and go to that convenience mart to act as bait..."

A moment later, Cailian Zhenren was the first to volunteer. "How about I go?"

Immortal Toya: "Are you done with your period?"

Cailian Zhenren: "Not yet... but it only hurts a little, it's not a big deal."

Lightning Dharmaraja: "Then what about I go?"

Cailian Zhenren: "If Dharmaraja goes, there'll be a problem... he'll definitely lose control of his lightning power and fry the takeout. To put on a performance, your cover must be perfect, otherwise it'll be too fake."

Lightning Dharmaraja: "..."

At this moment, the group briefly fell into a dead silence.

After a few minutes, Lord Thunder spoke again. "Then how about this, let me appoint a person!"

As soon as he said that, he straightaway @-mentioned Wang Ling. "Brother Ling, are you here?"

Seeing this, Wang Ling was silent at first, then he replied with an ellipsis. "..."

In front of his screen, Lord Thunder smiled with satisfaction. "Hah! I knew it! Brother Ling, you were lurking!"

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 186 Too Bad He's Gay!


It could only be said that Lord Thunder was in the end Lord Thunder; as one of the few close guy friends that Wang Ling had in the cultivation circle, he had seen through Wang Ling's lurking behind the scenes. Of course, apart from Lord Thunder, all these people in the group chat were also kind of Wang Ling's friends in the cultivation circle, though few of them had actually seen him before.

The year that Wang Ling had turned ten, Cailian Zhenren had been lucky to have seen him once, but she didn't know that the Ling Zhenren in this group was that little boy whom she had encountered back then.

After carefully thinking this matter over, Wang Ling finally decided to agree to do it.

He felt that there was something strange about this incident and the image which his Heavenly Eye had shown him had been slightly unnerving. Reasonably speaking, this Master of Shadow Stream whose cultivation had been set back by six hundred years was already unable to save herself. If those missing delivery brothers were really connected to her, it was very hard to say exactly what was involved behind the scenes.

...

It was June 11th on Saturday in the seventh week of the semester.

Wang Ling and Immortal Toya had arranged to meet in a park not far from that luxury apartment. When Wang Ling arrived, he could already see from afar a thin, handsome man dressed in old-fashioned attire with a large gourd on his back standing in front of a park bench.

That big gourd on this guy's back was really too eye-catching, and quite a few girls who happened to be passing through the park couldn't help stopping.

"Hello, can I take a picture with you?" Before Wang Ling got any closer, he saw that a girl had already screwed up her courage to ask Immortal Toya the question. The man silently stared at the girl in front of him for three seconds before nodding.

Having gotten permission, the girl was ecstatic and took several selfies with him as she gave the "V" sign. The other girls nearby all watched with envious expressions.

The girl carefully scrolled through the pictures on her phone and flushed... the more she looked, the more handsome this man appeared! If she posted these photos in her WeChat moments, it would definitely make all the little sisters around her envious for a long time.

After the photo session, Immortal Toya saw a youngster approach from afar. The youngster was wearing a white shirt and had one hand tucked in a pants pocket. Immortal Toya immediately took out the picture which Lord Thunder had given him and carefully compared the two... hmm, black hair, dead fish eyes and a natural poker face. This was without doubt Ling Zhenren!

The other girls were about to bustle over to take photos as well when they saw Immortal Toya suddenly move as he directly walked over to a boy.

Instantly, all the girls were stunned. Bloody hell! What was with the park today, that they could suddenly encounter two handsome men so early in the morning?!

The girls saw the two people speak to each other before they walked away shoulder to shoulder.

The girl who had taken the photos stared infatuatedly at the photos she had taken with Immortal Toya. Looking at the backs of Wang Ling and Immortal Toya as they drew further away, her heart couldn't help aching and she sighed deeply; he was so handsome... too bad he was gay!

...

Finally meeting the legendary Ling Zhenren in person, Immortal Toya thought... actually, this was probably the second time he was seeing Wang Ling. The last time had been several years ago, when Wang Ling and Lord Thunder had been carrying out an assignment and he had seen Ling Zhenren from afar.

Actually, that time it had just been Wang Ling's clone, and even Wang Ling himself no longer had an impression of the moment.

At that time, Immortal Toya had already felt that Ling Zhenren wasn't naturally young, and he was even more convinced of it now that he was seeing the person up close in the flesh.

No matter how cultivators tried to retain their appearance, whether through medicinal baths or by taking youth-retaining elixirs, their youthful vitality would gradually fade with age or an increase in realm. On the other hand, Wang Ling was still able to maintain such incredible vigor!

How on earth had he done it?

Immortal Toya cupped his chin and stared extremely curiously at Wang Ling.

This luxury apartment in the city center cost twenty thousand per square meter. As a posh apartment, security was usually very tight and outsiders were not permitted entry. Such a large gourd on Immortal Toya's back was really a little ostentatious, so they were stopped by the security guard as soon as they reached the main entrance.

The security guard stared at them. "Who are you looking for?"

"We're looking for someone," Immortal Toya answered truthfully and straight to the point.

The security guard replied politely, "If you're looking for someone, the owner has to call us to let us know before you can enter."

"Then an owner can enter directly, is that correct?" asked Immortal Toya.

The security guard nodded. "Of course!"

"Oh." Immortal Toya took out his phone and his slender fingers tapped on the screen several times. Three minutes later, he held up the phone in front of the security guard; on it was a list of online purchases.

In the last three minutes, Immortal Toya had directly bought a unit at thirty million yuan...

Wang Ling: "..."

...

The two people walked through the apartment's main entrance and found the incline down to the basement.

"Soul-gathering incense works best when it's freshly made. I've brought all the materials I need, and it'll take me about five minutes to make it. If those delivery brothers were really murdered, I'll put their souls in this gourd, and the spirit water in it will ensure that the souls don't disperse." Immortal Toya put down the gourd that was on his back and looked at Wang Ling as he spoke.

Wang Ling nodded; at the same time, his gaze passed through several walls as he looked at the suspicious, abandoned convenience mart from afar. He was utterly sure that there was someone inside and that it was an expert.

He knew that a barrier had been set up outside the convenience mart, and it wasn't something that could be penetrated with ordinary spiritual senses. Of course, he could forcefully penetrate it, but that would inadvertently alert the other party.

It was impossible for that Master of Shadow Stream, who had lost six hundred years' worth of cultivation, to set up such a strong barrier.

"The people in the group were right; this truly isn't a simple matter." Immortal Toya was also staring at the convenience mart, deep in thought. An alchemist's five senses were more extraordinary than a normal person's, given that they were constantly exposed to the influence of drugs, so he could sense the foul aura coming from within.

"Senior, put on these clothes first and take a look around." As he spoke, Immortal Toya took out a delivery uniform which Cailian Zhenren had bought via express air delivery from Moubao. Although the tailoring was a little crude, it was on the whole still pretty much a perfect knock-off.

The huge "Mi" 1 character on the back of the delivery uniform in particular instantly reminded Wang Ling of his own Number 60 High School uniform.

1('Mi' for 'rice in Riceball Takeout.) He reckoned that these two uniforms had probably been designed by the same person.

After changing into the delivery uniform, he smoothed out the wrinkles in it.

Immortal Toya sized Wang Ling up carefully and felt that he was still lacking something. "Erm... did senior bring any food?"

Now that they had decided to put on this act, they naturally had to go all out. However one looked at it, it would be very suspicious for a person wearing a delivery uniform to be empty-handed.

Of course, Wang Ling had already prepared the takeout earlier on. A spirit light glowed in his right hand and a plastic bag instantly emerged.

The plastic bag contained tear-provoking, Chinese soup dumpling-flavored crispy noodle snacks which Grandfather Wang had made the night before.

"..."

Looking at the crispy noodle snacks that had been wrapped simply in plastic wrap, Immortal Toya became lost in deep thought.





Chapter 187 Stand Back, My Venerable Self Is Going to Put On a Show!


Inside the convenience mart, the old devil who hadn't eaten meat for one thousand years picked his teeth. Cracks then appeared in his flesh, which finally crumbled into specks that dropped off.

"As I thought, half an hour is already the limit." Devil Emperor Gua Pi sighed and had to return to the stone ghost mask once again, tearing out the delivery brother whom he had switched positions with earlier and throwing him aside.

This Riceball Takeout delivery brother trembled in one corner. Like the rest, his soul had been forcibly replaced by Devil Emperor Gua Pi when he had delivered the takeout earlier.

This was already the thirty-second delivery guy to suffer from this evil scheme.

However, these deliverymen were a little special. While each of them carried an insulated Riceball Takeout delivery box, this basically belonged to the merchant.

If they didn't return to their bodies within seventy-two hours, their souls would be completely dispersed.

But the crucial point was that their bodies had already been ruined by this old devil after he had had his way with them.

"Lord Devil Emperor, is this really alright?" Jiang Liuyue raised her eyebrows at this scene.

She knew that this matter had probably already attracted the attention of the outside world.

"It was their honor to be made use of by my venerable self." Within the black mist, Devil Emperor Gua Pi gave a strange-sounding laugh. "But I never thought that cultivation could be developed to such an extent through science and technology. The majority of these thirty-two delivery employees are actually Foundation Establishment cultivators?"

Jiang Liuyue answered, "Nowadays, education is compulsory for all cultivators at the Body Condensation, Qi Condensation, Foundation Establishment and Golden Core stages, so Foundation Establishment cultivators actually aren't rare. The difference lies in actual combat experience and abilities."

"Mm." Devil Emperor Gua Pi nodded and thought that these were all things that he could make use of as he recalled how that Gua Pi army which he had set up one thousand years ago had in the end been utterly defeated due to the difference in strength. But the world now had made it compulsory for Foundation Establishment and Golden Core cultivators to get an education; even delivery employees were at the Foundation Establishment stage. In the future, it wouldn't be as hard as it had been previously for him to raise an army — just conquering a few high schools or universities might already provide him with enough manpower.

In the black mist, Devil Emperor Gua Pi pondered deeply for a while before he stared at that delivery guy's soul in the corner. "Junior, my venerable self would like to ask, what is the proportion of delivery employees in your restaurants that are Foundation Establishment cultivators? How many of them are there?"

"Senior... we're just a branch store... but based on nationwide statistics, the proportion is about twenty percent, which is probably about three million people..." The little brother held his head as he huddled in the corner. He was just a deliveryman, and there were so many employees who were just like him — who the hell could have known what he would be going through today?!

"There are over three million Foundation Establishment cultivators in your restaurants? So many?"

Devil Emperor Gua Pi looked startled, then stared at him as he asked, "My venerable self ordered a bit too many things, it's a little hard to remember all of them. What did you deliver?"

"Yang's Braised Chicken Rice 1 ..." the little brother replied weakly.

1(Yang's Braised Chicken Rice is one of China's most popular restaurant chains.) Jiang Liuyue tsked. "So that's it, no wonder there were so many of them."

In the black mist, Devil Emperor Gua Pi had a disbelieving expression on his face. "Is this Yang's Braised Chicken Rice that mighty?"

Jiang Liuyue nodded. "Mm, it's probably the second largest restaurant chain in Huaxiu..."

Devil Emperor Gua Pi: "Then... what's the first?"

Jiang Liuyue: "Shaxian Delicacies 2 ."

2(Shaxian Delicacies is a style of cuisine from Sha county in the Fujian province of China that expanded into a diverse chain of stores that operate under the Shaxian Delicacies trademark.) "..."

Devil Emperor Gua Pi suddenly understood — their wonton and lo mein 3 were actually pretty good.

3(These are perhaps the most well-known of the Shaxian delicacies ..) On the other side, Wang Ling was already approaching the entrance to the convenience mart in his fake Riceball Takeout uniform and a plastic bag of crispy noodle snacks in one hand.

He could sense something dark in the convenience mart, but couldn't quite describe exactly what it was. Even just standing at the door left him feeling deeply unsettled in his heart.

Just as Immortal Toya had anticipated, the foul atmosphere in here was really too heavy. With his Heavenly Eye, Wang Ling could see many spirits floating around the convenience mart; these were very likely the souls of those deliverymen.

Those missing deliverymen and this convenience mart were absolutely related.

Inside the convenience mart, Devil Emperor Gua Pi was also very vigilant; scarcely had Wang Ling started his approach when the former had sensed that someone was coming. "Hm? Another delivery employee?"

"Did Lord Devil Emperor order something again?"

Jiang Liuyue felt a little awkward and thought that this thousand-year-old foodie whom she had liberated was a little scary.

"Oh, no. My venerable self already ordered all the takeouts nearby, and there's nothing else novel to eat." Devil Emperor Gua Pi's smile in the black mist looked very strange. "This person is wearing a uniform and is carrying a bag in one hand. Perhaps he has the wrong place?"

"Perhaps..." Jiang Liuyue nodded as she sent her spiritual senses out through the convenience mart's tightly shut door. "But I suspect this man might be One-Inch Gray or Steamed Bun Invader in disguise..."

Disguise was a required course for killers. Making use of an appropriate disguise to lower the enemy's guard and then finally delivering the knockout blow... Jiang Liuyue had an innate sense for detecting this kind of trick. As Master of Shadow Stream, she had weathered all types of storms over the years.

Devil Emperor Gua Pi: "Can you be certain that this man is in disguise?"

Jiang Liuyue solemnly nodded. "I didn't dare to confirm it earlier, but now I'm certain that this man is definitely the Steamed Bun Invader that I told Lord Devil Emperor about before. This man is extremely proficient in the aura concealment skill and can easily give the impression that he's an ordinary man."

"Hearing you say this, I do feel that this man is a little suspicious."

In the black mist, Devil Emperor Gua Pi's expression darkened.

If it had been a regular aura concealment skill, it wouldn't have been of the least bit use in the face of this thousand-year-old devil. However, probing the person outside with his spiritual senses had resulted in a vague and abnormal impression. If this was the case, it was very clear that this man was deliberately in disguise!

"How confident are you that you'll be able to meet this person head on?" asked Devil Emperor Gua Pi.

"At my peak, he would have been completely far beneath my notice, but now... I can only rely on Lord Devil Emperor." Jiang Liuyue braced herself. "Before, Lord Devil Emperor said you would cooperate with me, right?"

Devil Emperor Gua Pi: "Since my venerable self has already promised to cooperate with you, I naturally won't back out. Even if it wasn't for your sake, my venerable self must still do it for the sake of Yang's Braised Chicken Rice and Shaxian Delicacies!"

Jiang Liuyue: "..."

"Go ahead and open the door!"

In the black mist, he took a deep breath and looked at her fixedly at the same time. "Stand back... my venerable self is going to put on a show!"

Jiang Liuyue: "..."





Chapter 188 Who Is the Real Boss in the Takeout World?


Before Wang Ling was about to fight Devil Emperor Gua Pi, a figure of an old Taoist in white appeared in front of this luxury apartment.

After a close encounter with "Killer Taoist" in Lord Thunder's Wenxian Garden villa, Third Saint had been looking up a lot of information on the sly.

He had discovered that the killer reputed to be the most savage killer in the murder industry was actually a chivalrous man whose heart burst with righteousness. Everyone who had died violently by his hand had all been heinous ruffians. The more despicable they were, the more violent their deaths after Killer Taoist had caught them.

To his dismay, Third Saint realized that while he had been imitating this great senior in the murder industry for many years, there was unexpectedly a huge problem with the direction he had taken in his mimicry!

An idol was very powerful!

Thus, after officially skipping out on his job with Mo Immortal Castle, he had been looking for an opportunity to uphold justice as a way of wiping clean the crimes that he had committed all these years.

Following the location on his phone, Third Saint stood at the entrance to a Green Orange 1 luxury apartment in Jinghua city.

1(Green Orange or Qingcheng is a Chinese brand name.) Based on the news on TV, he had investigated the location where the deliveryman had disappeared and had found himself here. According to the position given on his phone, the closest location to the coordinates was the convenience mart in the basement of this apartment building.

Third Saint was about to go in when the same security guard from before stopped him at the entrance and said, "Sir, if you are here to look for someone, the owner has to call our security office first before you can enter."

Third Saint scratched his head. "Then, can an owner enter directly?"

"Of course..." The security guard nodded and stared warily at him, thinking that this remark was familiar somehow.

Third Saint nodded, then took out his phone and tapped on the screen a few times before he showed the security guard a list of online purchases. "Can I enter now?"

"..." The security guard was completely dumbstruck.

Because this old Taoist in white had unexpectedly bought the entire building! This was the third phase of the Green Orange luxury apartments, and there were three apartment buildings in total. Before the second building had been completed, the first one had already been purchased!

The little security guard was utterly stunned... were the nouveau riche nowadays so common?! And yet he was still a single dog who didn't even have time to look for a girlfriend as he struggled on the bottom rung of society and served the people all day long!

Glaring at the receding figure of the old Taoist in white, the little security guard clenched his fists in extreme grief and indignation.

...

Immortal Toya crouched down in an inconspicuous little corner not far from the convenience mart. He had already ground the materials he had brought into powder, and he blended them in even proportions inside a transparent pharmaceutical glass receptacle. "Congeal!"

As he gave a soft shout, he generated a ball of spirit light in his hands. The powder in the glass vessel then visibly and rapidly congealed into a sticky substance; in this way, the soul-gathering incense was done.

Immortal Toya held the glass vessel in his right hand and slivers of flame emerged in his palm. After he was done, he released a soft breath. "It's been warmed up; all we have to do now is wait for the wronged ghosts to come. I wonder how Senior Ling is doing..."

This gray-haired youth lifted his beautiful eyes and looked in the direction that Wang Ling had gone in; there was still no movement from that side, so it was obvious that the fight hadn't started yet.

On the other hand, it was only a handful of seconds after the soul-gathering incense had been lit when it got a reaction. Immortal Toya opened his Heavenly Eye and instantly saw faint green wisps coming from every direction to gather in a cloud as they followed the scent of the soul-gathering incense.

Immortal Toya opened the big gourd on his back. "Little brothers, don't be nervous. Your souls may have already left your bodies, but as long as you enter my gourd, I can guarantee that your souls won't be extinguished, and you might be able to return to a corporeal body again in the future..."

Actually, he wasn't really very confident when he said this. Returning a soul to a body sounded easy, but it wasn't so simple to carry out. Each soul had a particular level of compatibility with a body. From a scientific point of view, it was just like finding a bone marrow match. If the compatibility wasn't high enough, it wouldn't be long before the body exploded — it wasn't as simple as legend made it sound like, that any body would do.

"Can Exalted Immortal see us?!" Instantly, ten or so ghosts nearby floated over, and when they saw Immortal Toya, who had opened his Heavenly Eye, they acted as if they had been granted amnesty.

Looking at these ghosts, Immortal Toya asked, "Are you all the deliverymen who were murdered recently?"

"Yes, Exalted Immortal... that evil demon in the convenience mart was too quick and knocked me down as soon as the door was opened. If it had been a one-on-one fight, how could the other party be my opponent?" said a ghost in a thick northeastern accent.

Immortal Toya: "...Why are there so few of you? The news outside reported thirty-two people in total missing."

"Exalted Immortal, you don't know, but in the last few days, quite a number of brothers floated out carelessly, and wound up being directly burned to nothing by the sun. These days, we've been floating around in the basement and we got to know one another. We've started calling each other by the takeout we deliver; it's easier to remember," the northeastern delivery ghost spread its hands and said.

Immortal Toya: "..."

"Exalted Immortal, can the gourd really preserve our souls?" a ghost asked. "I'm Power Chicken 2. I only just delivered the chicken here when I was knocked down... sure enough, there are still perverts around nowadays who can't even afford to eat chicken. It's really impossible to defend yourself against this type of people!"

2(Power Chicken is famous for its fried chicken cutlets.) "..."

Immortal Toya sighed. "This gourd is a magic weapon which I have refined. It contains a small world inside, and everyone can stay in it for the time being. Wait for us to find a way to restore your bodies. Of course, in the meantime, we may need to trouble you to come out and point out your murderer."

"Since Exalted Immortal has said so, it won't be a problem!"

Immortal Toya nodded. "Mm, then everyone register first before entering my gourd in single file."

Ghost: "I have a question, Exalted Immortal!"

Immortal Toya: "Speak..."

Ghost: "Actually there is still one Yang's Braised Chicken Rice brother whose life now hangs in the balance. We think that he has probably been imprisoned by that demon in the convenience mart. Lord Exalted Immortal, if you can help us save him, we would be forever grateful!"

"I never expected all of you to have such close relationships with each other." Immortal Toya sighed. "Rest assured. The one standing at the entrance to the convenience mart is our great senior in the cultivation world whom we specially asked to come and deal with this matter."

"Thank you, Exalted Immortal! Thank you, Exalted Immortal!"

As soon as the ghost had finished thanking him, three more clouds of green mist immediately floated over from the side, and shoulder to shoulder, the four ghosts began to introduce themselves one by one.

"Hello, Exalted Immortal, I'm Lanzhou Hand-Pulled Noodles."

"I'm Shaxian Delicacies."

"I'm Guilin Rice Noodles."

"Exalted Immortal, may I ask, does your small world have a presidential suite? Give me, Chongqing Chicken Pot 3, some face..."

3(The dishes mentioned here are all well-known Chinese food specialties.) Immortal Toya: "..."





Chapter 189 Oh My...


Standing in front of the convenience mart with a delivery bag, Wang Ling saw a woman inside lift up the roller shutter; almost instantly, black smoke rapidly poured out from the opening created.

In the past two days, Devil Emperor Gua Pi had already used the same method on thirty-two people, and he had become increasingly practiced at it. A short distance away, Immortal Toya was stupefied by this scene; the black smoke was so fast that even he couldn't follow its movements with his Heavenly Eye open.

"Senior, watch out!"

Bzz!

In the next instant, a large cloud of black smoke enveloped Wang Ling, directly obscuring him from view.

Devil Emperor Gua Pi was very excited; he could sense that this was fresh, young flesh, full of vigor.

"It smells so good!"

He couldn't help exclaiming in admiration; the aroma which this body exuded was as addictive as drugs.

Wang Ling watched this scene indifferently. Surrounded by the black smoke, he couldn't see anything around him in the dark, and only heard an old voice murmuring to itself.

Then, he saw a mask suddenly appear in the black smoke.

The stone ghost mask?

Wang Ling narrowed his eyes to confirm what he was seeing.

But... why would it show up here?

In the dark, Devil Emperor Gua Pi couldn't help sneering. After all, this was just a junior. Did the boy already wet his pants the moment he had attacked? He was just standing there like wood, afraid to make even a single move!

"Junior, your body is mine..." Finally, the stone ghost mask covered Wang Ling's face precisely and the hooks that resembled crab claws along its sides stabbed ruthlessly at his cheeks.

However, completely out of Devil Emperor Gua Pi's expectations, that familiar sense of puncturing something never came... the hooks on the sides of the mask had actually been blocked!

From the moment he had begun manipulating the stone ghost mask, such a thing had never happened before! This mask was made of primordial black crystal, currently the hardest substance known so far in the universe!

What was going on?

A trace of doubt subconsciously flickered through Devil Emperor Gua Pi's mind.

It was at this moment that the young man's body suddenly glowed with golden light which pulsed through the black smoke. With a burst of invisible power, it directly dispelled the black smoke around him!

"Golden Body?!"

Devil Emperor Gua Pi finally understood why the hooks hadn't been able to puncture the face!

Fuck! This guy was actually a master with a Sage Body?! Nowadays even someone with a Sage Body would come running to deliver takeout?!

After the black smoke was dispelled by the golden light, the stone ghost mask had nowhere to hide. Devil Emperor Gua Pi's phantom voice sounded in the air. "Your Excellency, who on earth are you...?"

At that moment, even if Wang Ling didn't say anything, Devil Emperor Gua Pi was well aware that this person definitely wasn't that "Steamed Bun Invader" whom Jiang Liuyue had spoken of; that was just a killer at the Soul Formation stage who was ranked eighth on the ranking list. A Sage Body, on the other hand, wasn't something that was easy to cultivate.

This was the ultimate body that countless cultivators had pursued for millions of years; it was impossible to count how many people longed to achieve this level.

This was the ultimate shield! Sage Bodies wouldn't break and couldn't be affected by any techniques.

Devil Emperor Gua Pi suddenly felt like Jiang Liuyue had deceived him... even he himself had never reached the level of a Sage Body!

He already knew that given the other party's Sage Body, there was no way he could be this person's rival if he had to rely purely on his current condition and whatever attacks he could carry out.

Now that it had come to this, there was only one final option!

Swiftly manipulating a cloud of black smoke, he dashed back to Jiang Liuyue. They had already established a contract; once they encountered a crisis, she would willingly give her body over to him at any time.

So before long, Wang Ling saw the stone ghost mask and Jiang Liuyue fuse together.

Borrowing Jiang Liuyue's body, Devil Emperor Gua Pi stood up from the ground once more. Wisps of black smoke seeped out of his eyes, like a corpse that had been resurrected from an ancient coffin.

"I never thought that after being sealed away for such a long time, I would be able to meet a master with a Sage Body..." Inside Jiang Liuyue's body, Devil Emperor Gua Pi narrowed his eyes.

He stretched out his right arm and shouted, "Blade, come!"

The air suddenly vibrated with a humming sound as a crack appeared in it. Then, a black dagger emerged from the crack and dropped into Devil Emperor Gua Pi's hand.

Back then, the entire Huaxiu nation had been intimidated by this old devil's powerful ability; he was actually able to hide his magic blade in a space only he could open, and he could summon it at will.

This technique was already far beyond the Soul Formation stage.

Wang Ling gazed at this black dagger; an odd pattern was etched onto the silver blade and its edge was clean and bright as snow, reflecting Devil Emperor Gua Pi's evil eyes.

When Devil Emperor Gua Pi opened his hand, this black dagger hovered directly in the air. He looked at Wang Ling and coldly said just one word: "Chop!"

In the blink of an eye, the black dagger vanished as it transformed into a black-colored sword shadow.

Flickering like static electricity, this sword shadow chopped savagely down at Wang Ling.

At the same time, a ray of light in Wang Ling's pocket swiftly responded!

A brown-colored sword light burst forth to meet the light from that black dagger head on.

Devil Emperor Gua Pi sneered. "It's no use. My blade is an ancient magic weapon which I acquired from an old tomb. It's a top-class holy weapon! Its biggest advantage is that it can destroy a Golden Body by attacking the acupuncture points. Currently, I can count the number of swords that can contend against it on one hand."

However, just as he finished speaking, the two sword lights collided. Light and shadow were tangled together until the brown sword light gradually engulfed the black light.

A moment later, it transformed into a strong current which smashed into Devil Emperor Gua Pi!

This backlash was immensely powerful; Devil Emperor Gua Pi stretched out his hands and gripped tightly onto this ball of brown light while his body shook violently with the impact. It took all of his strength to finally tear apart this powerful surge created by the backlash from Jingke.

However, it had left him drenched in sweat; he had practically almost died...

As the brown sword light returned to Wang Ling's hand, Devil Emperor Gua Pi stared disbelievingly at him — what the hell! It was a peach wood sword!

What kind of joke was this?!

"Today, one of us will die!" he roared furiously.

Calling back his black dagger, he advanced on Wang Ling himself.

Wang Ling's expression was calm; he didn't take the least bit notice of the other party's angry yell. He just stood there as he watched every move his opponent made, which in his eyes appeared extremely slow.

He could even see all kinds of minute changes in this raging devil emperor's expression as he launched himself forward threateningly, blade in hand.

Ten meters...

Eight meters...

Six meters...

Devil Emperor Gua Pi brandished his ancient magic blade aggressively.

Then, when he was just four meters away from Wang Ling, that body with its fiercely rocking boobs of mass destruction finally completely lost its balance.

Wang Ling suddenly noticed a hint of embarrassment flicker across Devil Emperor Gua Pi's face.

Then, with an abrupt "Oh my~," this ancient devil fell to the ground with a plop.

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 190 The Number 2 Scapegoat


The scene sunk into awkwardness for a time. His ancient magic sword in one hand, Devil Emperor Gua Pi fell down at Wang Ling's feet like a believer worshiping at Bright Summit 1.

1(Bright Summit is a holy place in the Chinese martial arts novel "The Heavenly Sword and Dragon Saber .. ") The spirit energy wrapped around the blade had yet to be released, and the moment this black dagger touched the ground, fissures instantly appeared in the earth as they spread out in all directions from the blade at its center.

But Wang Ling had sharp eyes and deft hands, and he reached forward to pick up the blade.

Wang Ling could feel the fierce magic pulse strongly in his hand. Lying prone on the ground, Devil Emperor Gua Pi raised his head and laughed coldly. "Even if you have a Sage Body, so what? My ancient magic blade was specially designed to destroy holy bodies. Now that you are holding the magic blade, its qi will invade your holy body and crack it open... my chance has now come!"

Wang Ling frowned slightly; indeed, he could feel traces of the sword qi enter his body, but it had little to no effect on him, so this really couldn't be the key to deciding the outcome of this confrontation.

Yet this old devil seemed to have misunderstood something. When he saw Wang Ling grab hold of the magic blade, he burst into wild laughter in his heart and was confident that everything was within his calculations.

In the next instant, he stood up from the ground, cradling the two lumps on his chest. "After the sword qi invades your body, it will remain in you forever unless the magic blade is destroyed! It's made of prehistoric materials and will only get harder with the passing of time; it's impossible for you to break it."

Hearing the old devil's words, Wang Ling was stumped for a bit. "..."

Then, he directly squeezed this ancient magic blade and snapped it with a crack.

Breaking a blade...

This was his special ability!

Wang Ling recalled how, as a one-year-old genius, he had taught himself to destroy a precious sword barehanded.

As the blade's power dispersed, this ancient magic blade abruptly lost its glow...

At the same time, dead silence reigned on the scene.

Some distance away, Immortal Toya was stupefied; even Third Saint, who had just arrived, was rooted to the spot as he stared blankly... what had they just seen?

Although they weren't close enough to know exactly what had transpired, they could tell which way the wind had blown in this battle from the possessed Master of Shadow Stream Jiang Liuyue's expression.

At that moment, the old devil was sweating profusely, to the point that his clothes were all soaked. He looked at the youngster in front of him as if he was seeing a monster and drew in a sharp breath.

Although he was very reluctant to admit it, Devil Emperor Gua Pi knew that given the current momentum, there was no chance at all of him winning.

Breaking an ancient magic blade barehanded...

Even at his peak, he had never met such a savage person before!

All this time that he had been sealed inside the stone ghost mask, what on earth had happened in this world?!

Wang Ling took off the yellow delivery helmet he had been wearing to reveal a head of tousled black hair. Half of his face had been hidden by the helmet's protective visor before, and it was only now that Devil Emperor Gua Pi clearly saw his face.

A string in his brain suddenly pulled taut — he had actually seen this person before!

Back when the stone ghost mask had just been delivered to the Wang family's small villa, Devil Emperor Gua Pi remembered that he had tried to sink his claws into a youngster, but in the end, the hooks had failed to pierce his face.

Now, he finally realized... this was the same person!

At that very moment, as the old devil fixed his eyes on Wang Ling, he was drenched in sweat. This was a fear that he had never felt before. In the thousands of years that he had faced down countless opponents, none of them had ever evoked such terror as he was feeling today.

"Your Excellency... who on earth are you?" The old devil stared fixedly at Wang Ling.

Furrowing his brow, Wang Ling didn't deign to reply.

But at this moment, an old Taoist in white suddenly popped up behind him. "The Master of Shadow Stream! To face off against Senior Killer Taoist... why don't you just give up?"

Wang Ling: "..."

"Killer Taoist, is it? The junior who is ranked first on the ranking list of killers? Hehe... I'll remember you!" The old devil's eyes darkened as he looked at Third Saint behind Wang Ling. "And you, I'll remember you as well!"

As soon as he said this, he suddenly released purple gold fog and his figure promptly vanished in its midst, leaving behind the words: Just you wait for this venerable self to get you!

Then, he disappeared without a trace.

...

"Ling Zhenren is too awesome!" Immortal Toya exclaimed in his heart as he came over. Even with his Heavenly Eye, he still hadn't been able to clearly see the confrontation between the two top masters just now. He was now deeply suspicious about whether his Heavenly Eye was real or not!

As that purple gold fog dispersed in front of Wang Ling, he felt it was a bit unfortunate.

For him, trying to catch this old devil alive was much harder than killing him; if the intent from the beginning had been to kill him, the other party wouldn't have had a chance to escape.

What had to be said was that Wang Ling had certainly experienced for himself how powerful this old devil was as someone who had once given the entire Huaxiu nation a severe headache. Wang Ling was clear on the fact that in terms of sheer strength, this old devil certainly couldn't rival him. But unfortunately, the old devil had hidden on his person a lot of magic treasures that Wang Ling didn't know about, and they were all in another space. He could reach into this space anytime and take out whatever he needed, which was as troublesome as a particular robot cat's space pocket.

This purple gold fog was one of Devil Emperor Gua Pi's magic treasures which he used as a means of escape.

Of course, the old devil had also left something behind on the ground, and that was the ancient magic blade which Wang Ling had crushed.

Wang Ling had already reduced the middle portion of the dagger to sand. Just by looking at it, one could tell that there was no way it could be restored, hence why the old devil had simply tossed it aside like cabbage.

Standing behind Wang Ling, both Third Saint and Immortal Toya opened their Heavenly Eyes to scan the air around them. It was only after they had made sure that Jiang Liuyue had truly disappeared that they sighed.

"What a waste to have let this person escape!" Third Saint shook his head regretfully, then turned his gaze to Immortal Toya and bowed. "I'm guessing that this is Senior Immortal Toya? I'm Third Saint!"

"Do you know me?"

"...Immortal Toya's name is so famous that it's impossible for this junior to not know you." Actually, these were just empty words; previously, when Third Saint and the other nine saints had planned to rob Lord Thunder's house of the stone ghost mask, they had researched everyone whom he had a close relationship with.

If he told the truth, he would definitely be regarded as a pervert!

"I'm not that famous, right?" Immortal Toya scratched his head somewhat embarrassedly. He knew about Third Saint, since Lord Thunder had mentioned before in the group chat that of the Ten Saints, there was one called Third Saint who had defected. He had never expected that they would actually meet here in this way.

In addition, Immortal Toya in fact knew that this Third Saint was under the assumption that Ling Zhenren was that legendary number one killer on the ranking list, Killer Taoist.

However, looking at the current situation, Ling Zhenren didn't seem to have any intention of clarifying this matter.

Immortal Toya immediately understood.

Hmm... since this Killer Taoist had already become the scapegoat, they might as well continue letting him be the scapegoat...





Chapter 191 I Think It Can Still Be Rescued


Wang Ling passed on his speculation telepathically to the two other people.

As a result, Immortal Toya and Third Saint were flabbergasted.

"No wonder the Master of Shadow Stream seemed a little weird... so she had the stone ghost mask on her? Also, based on senior's conjecture, she has already made a deal with Devil Emperor Gua Pi. So the person senior was fighting just now was actually Devil Emperor Gua Pi inside Jiang Liuyue's body?"

After Immortal Toya's convincing analysis, Third Saint couldn't help breaking out in a sweat... he had actually provoked such an old devil just now. Furthermore, the other party had even said that he would remember him before he had fled.

This was awkward... if the other party found an opportunity to catch him, it would be very hard for Third Saint to escape his doom.

"With this, the situation has become more complicated..." Immortal Toya heaved a sigh; this matter was a lot more troublesome than he had imagined. Now that that old devil had been released, there would be no peace for Huaxiu nation in the days to come. The old devil didn't just have towering abilities, he also had concealed on him quite a few long-lost magic weapons, and he could suddenly take out one at any time to turn the tide; the purple gold fog which he had used to escape was one of them.

Before that purple gold fog had appeared, Wang Ling had already opened his Heavenly Eye. This was already the ultimate level that the Eye could reach, yet he hadn't detected the fog at all. Surrounded by that fog, the devil had vanished into thin air in a blink of an eye, as if he had hidden away in another world, without leaving even the slightest trace behind.

"Do you know the origin of this magic treasure?" Wang Ling asked telepathically as he tilted his head slightly to look at the two people next to him.

"It looks a little like the Purple Gold Gourd..." Immortal Toya surmised. Immortal Zhenyuan's Purple Gold Gourd was a supreme life-saving magic weapon, also known as a quasi-godly weapon; what was more, it released a stream of purple gold fog.

The rumor was that this fog "bound" two places together. When the fog was released, it could help a person to get away swiftly. It was a bit like a portable transmitter array, but way quicker. A person could use it to escape at any time, leaving no opportunity to catch them.

"The Purple Gold Gourd is one of Immortal Zhenyuan's three magic treasures. Along with the Seven Stars Sword and Golden Canopy Rope, these are known as the Three Auspicious Treasures. At that time, Immortal Zhenyuan deliberately released them into the world so that they could be found by the person destined to have them. Plenty of cultivators have tried everything to collect these treasures. Immortal Zhenyuan once said that the person who is able to gather these three magic treasures together would become his inner disciple. In order to hide the real ones, Immortal Zhenyuan even made a lot of counterfeits. At that time, collecting these Three Auspicious Treasures had been all the rage, like collecting the cards in crispy noodle snacks..." Third Saint said with a reminiscent expression on his face.

Wang Ling: "..."

"Yes, there was something like that." Immortal Toya sucked in air between his teeth and said, "But until now, no one has successfully collected all of them. And even if they have, no one knows whether they're genuine or not..."

"But the Purple Gold Gourd in that old devil's hands is definitely the real deal; only the genuine thing could transport him so quickly."

Third Saint continued speaking and at the same time turned his gaze to Wang Ling. "Speaking of which, does senior have a way to track this devil down?"

Wang Ling nodded, his eyes fixed on that crushed ancient magic blade on the ground.

There was still a chance that they could repair the magic blade and use it to track that devil back to the magic treasure's small world.

"But the middle of this magic blade has been reduced to sand, is it possible to repair it..." Immortal Toya crouched down on the ground and touched the shattered blade.

"Don't worry, as long as it's Senior Killer, he can definitely do it!" Third Saint breathed noisily through his nostrils as he stared at Wang Ling with a fanboy expression. "As expected of a blade crushed by Senior Killer — even though it's broken, it's still so sexy!"

"..."

For some reason, Immortal Toya suddenly wanted to request the song "Too Deep Into the Act" by Ma Xudong on radio.

...

While it had just been a short confrontation with this legendary old devil this time, Wang Ling was now deeply aware of how dangerous this man was.

The next time they met, they would have to settle this once and for all.

Although it had appeared to be just a small fight, the two parties that had been involved were almighty cultivators who had the ability to upend mountains and seas with a wave of their hands. Even the collision of auras in this small-scale battle had severely damaged their surroundings.

The convenience mart's roller shutter had already been completely torn down by the old devil's aura earlier. All around outside the mart, the wall surfaces had already cracked open, and some of the basement's support pillars even appeared worn down, as if insects had gnawed on them.

Most tragic of all were the dozens of luxury cars parked in the basement; the collision of auras had blown out their headlights and punctured their tyres.

Wang Ling had in fact tried his best to control his strength, given that there were more than a hundred residents in this building. If he had fought the old devil seriously just now, these residents would have suffered for it.

Given the confined space, he had had to take too many factors into consideration.

He had to find a wide open space next time and take down this devil in one go!

While Wang Ling was thinking this, elsewhere, sirens had already started to blare outside the basement.

The only good news now was that the confrontation just now hadn't caused any casualties.

When Third Saint had been on the way here, he had already known that a fight had broken out in the basement, and so had prevented residents who had been on their way down from entering.

Most likely it was these passersby who had called the police.

"Teacher Killer and Senior Toya please leave first, I'll handle the rest!" Third Saint said righteously, hands on his hips.

"This place was badly damaged, it's probably going to cost a lot in compensation." Immortal Toya said.

"It's vulgar for cultivators to talk about money. What is worldly wealth to us? This is just a basement. In order to create a superior battleground for senior, I disconnected the wires for this building's elevators in case someone took the lift down to the basement and disturbed Senior Killer."

Wang Ling: "..."

Later, Wang Ling and Immortal Toya took their leave of Third Saint.

Standing fixed to one spot, Third Saint waved until Wang Ling disappeared in the distance. "Goodbye, Senior Killer!"

Soon after, several police cars with flashing sirens sped into the basement. As many as eight cars stopped in front of Third Saint, and dozens of police officers poured out to surround him in a half circle.

Third Saint raised his eyebrows; the confrontation had begun...

The police captain leading the team looked around the severely damaged basement, then immediately took out a pair of immortal-restraining handcuffs and threw them over to Third Saint. "Comrade! Please hand over your magic weapon of mass destruction, put on the handcuffs, and cooperate with our investigation immediately!"

Third Saint put his hands up, an innocent expression on his face. "Comrade police, you misunderstand, I didn't do this!"

"Do you have any evidence?" the police captain asked.

Third Saint slowly turned around and shrugged off his white clothes.

Instantly, four large characters on his back jumped out at everyone... these four characters were from when Wang Ling had signed his back, pretending to be Killer Taoist.

To preserve this signature, Third Saint had already gone without a bath for more than half a month!

Reaching behind him, Third Saint pointed at his back with his thumb and turned his head to bare his white teeth as he smiled. "See this?! Devotion to the nation!"

Police captain: "...Someone come and arrest this psycho!"





Chapter 192 Hurray for Ling Zhenren


Just like that, the first confrontation between Wang Ling and Devil Emperor Gua Pi ended with Third Saint being brought back to the police station to be interrogated.

It was worth mentioning that even when detained, Third Saint, who had already thoroughly become a "Killer Taoist" fanboy, was still able to showcase his fanboy identity in a composed manner.

At the cultivation police station, two police officers sat in front of Third Saint while his hands were in immortal-restraining handcuffs.

One of the police officers raised his eyes and looked at Third Saint. "Name?"

Third Saint: "You can call me Ah San 1 ."

1('San' as in 'three.') Police officer: "I'm asking for your real name, not your Taoist name."

Third Saint nodded. "Oh... then call me Yue Fei 2 ."

2(A reminder that Yue Fei was the famous Chinese patriotic general who had had the words "Devotion to the nation" written on his back ..) Police officer: "..."

The other police officer who was writing the transcript sucked in a deep breath and couldn't help but glare at Third Saint. "Comrade, please don't joke around! Do you know where you are? Please be a little more serious!"

Third Saint produced his ID card from his pocket; both of the police officers were dumbstruck when they saw the name on it, because it really had these two damn characters "Yue Fei" on it...

Of course, this ID card wasn't a counterfeit. After Third Saint had provided Lord Thunder with clues that pointed to Mo Immortal Castle producing fake drugs which were poisoning students, the latter had helped him forge a fake identity by asking a brother in the census department to create a new ID card for him.

The two police officers went off doubtfully to verify his identity, but in the end were left speechless... according to the display on the ID card scanner, this name was actually real!

...

While Third Saint was still contending with the police officers on this end, Wang Ling and Immortal Toya, who had left the scene, also had their hands full.

Including the Yang's Braised Chicken Rice brother whom they had saved from inside the convenience mart, there were just twenty-one people in Immortal Toya's gourd out of the thirty-two deliverymen who had gone missing. They would need to present a final report to the cultivation police on the eleven people who had been sacrificed. While temporary arrangements had been made for the remaining twenty-one people, this ultimately couldn't be a long-term solution. This became a hot topic in the group chat as they discussed how to help these innocent deliverymen regain their bodies.

In the group chat, Lord Thunder sent a sighing emoji. "We can basically now confirm that these delivery employees went missing because of the Master of Shadow Stream. We were only able to save twenty-one souls, while the souls of the other eleven people disintegrated after being exposed to light."

"Sometimes it's just fate; we already tried our best." Cailian Zhenren quietly sent a row of candles.

After some silence in the group, Lord Thunder said again, "There's also some bad news... based on Brother Ling and Brother Toya's investigation, we can basically confirm that the other stone ghost mask is in the Master of Shadow Stream Jiang Liuyue's hands. In addition, the old devil sealed in the mask has already made some sort of agreement with Jiang Liuyue."

As soon as he released this information, a bunch of lurkers instantly burst out in the group.

Among them was Nine Times Man, who had been silent for a long time. He was straightaway dumbstruck. "What?! That old devil is free? Is that true?"

This was big news!

This legendary Devil Emperor Gua Pi, who had once led the Gua Pi Army and who had almost caused a war in Huaxiu nation, was now back in the world after having disappeared for a thousand years... if the media caught wind of this and spread the news, all of Huaxiu nation would probably fall into a panic.

Everyone in the group chat were all brothers whom Lord Thunder had inspected strictly before allowing them to join the group back then. Hence, he didn't have to worry about this matter being leaked, which was why he had decided to share this news with the group after thinking about it.

"From Senior Immortal's tone, it seems it's true." Bulang Blade Immortal didn't doubt Lord Thunder's words in the slightest. "I've noticed that Lord Thunder always likes to use memes whenever he's speaking. It's only when he's serious about something that he won't send any."

Lord Thunder: "..."

Lightning Dharmaraja followed behind Bulang Blade Immortal with a sigh. "But even if this thing were to get out, there probably wouldn't be anyone who would believe it, right? There have been quite a lot of rumors over the years saying that this old devil has already come back and is secretly plotting a counterattack."

"That's the bad thing about this!" Lord Thunder said. "If this matter really gets out, people might think it's just someone crying wolf, and in the end no one would believe it... but you don't have to worry. This old devil can only rely on the Master of Shadow Stream's body for the time being, and can only come out by means of a soul exchange. There's also a limit to how long he can be out for, since he hasn't fully recovered all of his strength."

"So..." Lightning Dharmaraja continued, "perhaps this is an opportunity for us? As long as this old devil isn't at his peak strength, if a few of us in the group join hands and act together, we should certainly have enough strength to fight him."

"It may be an opportunity, but there's a problem. This old devil has a lot of magic treasures on him. He's already collected a lot of superior magic weapons; during the fight, he suddenly produced one, which caught us completely off guard. In the confrontation with Senior Ling this time, this old devil used the Purple Gold Gourd to escape," Immortal Toya couldn't help saying.

Cailian Zhenren: "Purple Gold Gourd? Immortal Zhenyuan's Purple Gold Gourd? That's one of the legendary Three Auspicious Treasures. I still have a fake set at home..."

"You really are a veteran, how sly." Lightning Dharmaraja heaved a sigh. "But Senior Immortal, how do you know all this?"

Lord Thunder: "Of course it was Brother Ling who told me! Before Brother Ling fought him, the old devil had confidently taken out his ancient magic blade and threatened to slice him to shreds. In the end, he easily sent this old devil fleeing in panic."

There were exclamations in the group. "Is Ling Zhenren that awesome?"

Immortal Toya couldn't help standing up as witness. "Of course, I saw it with my own eyes; Ling Zhenren crushed the old devil's ancient magic blade after he took it out!"

After saying this, he even posted a picture of that ancient magic blade being crushed; it was a photo which he had taken directly at the scene.

Bulang Blade Immortal sent a string of sweat emojis. "Are you sure this was an ancient magic blade? That's just like Ling Zhenren... crushing the middle section of the blade to fine dust!"

Nine Times Man: "Holy shit! Senior Ling Zhenren is really awesome! Hurray for Ling Zhenren!"

Lightning Dharmaraja sent a thumbs-up. "As expected of the representative of our group chat's strength, the leader of our generation! Ling Zhenren!"

Lord Thunder nodded in satisfaction. "Mm, everybody say a few words to praise our Ling Zhenren, he's definitely lurking here right now! Maybe he'll be so happy he'll suddenly pop up and send an ellipsis!"

In front of the screen, Wang Ling became lost in deep thought at Lord Thunder's words; then, fittingly, he sent an ellipsis. "..."





Chapter 193 The Old Devil's Secret Space


The Purple Gold Gourd's fog took the old devil directly back to the space he had originally bound it to; it was a small world which he had first opened up a thousand years ago, and the place where the Gua Pi Army had originally been set up.

The old devil had just landed here, and lay prone on the ground as he gasped harshly.

That had been too dangerous just now!

He didn't doubt in the slightest that if he hadn't had this purple gold fog as a means of quick escape, he would have been beaten to death by the other party!

Apart from those two lumps of mass destruction on his chest which he couldn't adapt to for the moment, his compatibility with Jiang Liuyue's body was pretty good. The only drawback was that he couldn't use his full strength in this body. He would have to think of a way to find a body that would help him regain his full strength as soon as possible.

"How much do you know about that Killer Taoist?" After the old devil had taken a moment to calm down, he stared at the stone ghost mask in his hand as he asked the question.

Jiang Liuyue's voice came from the mask: "I haven't seen this person before, but he's very powerful and hard to find. He only kills those who do evil; the more malevolent the person, the more tragic their death at his hand."

"The more evil a person, the more unsightly his death?" The old devil laughed. Since the founding of Huaxiu nation, how many old devils had there been who could spread terror throughout the whole world? This was practically a letter of challenge addressed to him! Were they trying to provoke him?!

"But I never expected the legendary Killer Taoist to be this formidable; he has even cultivated to the level of a Sage Body." Jiang Liuyue couldn't help sighing. "Even Lord Devil Emperor was almost defeated..."

Devil Emperor Gua Pi's lips twitched. "Hehe, my venerable self was just too careless! Wait 'til I find the most compatible body; once I've recovered my full strength, do I need to mention how easy it would be for me to kill this Killer Taoist?"

Jiang Liuyue didn't dare refute him. Through the stone ghost mask, she looked at the world around her. "Lord Devil Emperor, where are we?"

"This is a small world which I opened up back then. Many people tend to use a magic treasure to set up a small world, the most common being a gourd. However, this small world isn't the same; it's based on alien space which is completely parallel to the real world."

The old devil pointed to a magic array behind him. "See this magic array? This is the exit out of this small world. We just need to step through it to return to reality. I remember that back then, I chose an extremely scenic location. Who knows what it'll look like now when we step out of here?"

Jiang Liuyue was deeply astonished as she listened to Devil Emperor Gua Pi's introduction.

This old devil had been sealed in the stone ghost mask for over a thousand years, which meant that this world had also remained untended to for over a thousand years. The life force of a small world was tied to its owner as a source of spirit energy. It was just common sense to assume that since the old devil had been sealed away for so long, this world should have long become a wasteland... but far out of Jiang Liuyue's expectations, this small world was still functioning as usual despite being uncared for.

"Thanks to your body, I was able to activate the Purple Gold Gourd and return here. I hid a lot of magic treasures in this place; the time has finally come to put them to good use."

The old devil laughed lightly as he carried the stone ghost mask with him. The world shook underfoot as he walked until he arrived at a place that looked like grassland. It was just that the color of the "grass" here was a little strange as it was all black.

Jiang Liuyue felt like her horizons had been broadened. "Lord Devil Emperor, where are we?"

"What we are standing on now is the boundary support. This is the foundation which holds up this small world. I specially built this world, and I used the head of a human troll from the Gate Between Worlds as the foundation to prop it up. Even when my venerable self had been sealed away, this human troll was still able to act as a secondary source of spirit energy."

The old devil said, "The spirit energy in this small world is the most abundant in this place. You can continue cultivating the recovery technique here, and it will significantly reduce the time required to heal. It will also be beneficial for me if you can regain your full strength quickly, as I will then be able to stay in your body for a much longer period of time."

"So we are now standing on top of this human troll?" Jiang Liuyue asked.

"Yes, that's right. This black grass is its hair."

The old devil nodded. "This human troll is already under my control and is my puppet."

Jiang Liuyue: "Your boundary support is really special..."

The old devil laughed lightly. "Hehe, rather than boundary support, I prefer another name."

Jiang Liuyue: "What name?"

The old devil: "Jinchuuriki 1 !"

1(In the series 'Naruto,' the jinchuuriki are individuals who have the tailed demons sealed inside their bodies.) Jiang Liuyue: "..."

...

It was already late by the time Wang Ling returned from the convenience mart.

In an unprecedented move, he sent Zhuo Yi a message.

After Wang Ling had accepted this disciple, the latter hadn't seemed to be of any use. Today, however, he finally realized how he could use Zhuo Yi — he planned to get him to bail Third Saint out from the police station.

After all, Third Saint had had nothing to do with the disappearance of the delivery employees; there was no reason for him to become a scapegoat for it.

It wasn't long at all before Zhuo Yi called him back. Wang Ling picked up the phone, but before he had even opened his mouth, Zhuo Yi had started babbling incessantly, leaving no room for Wang Ling to speak even if he wanted to. " Shifu , don't worry. You're referring to that Brother Third Saint, right? I'll dispatch someone right away to negotiate his release... oh, by the way, shifu , will I get a reward if I succeed?"

"..." Wang Ling opened his mouth and really wanted to say, I'll give you a 'mwah mwah,' how about that? But he felt that this was a little gay and didn't fit his cool image at all, so in the end he swallowed his words.

Although Zhuo Yi didn't receive a reply, he wasn't about to give up. " Shifu , don't misunderstand. I don't want a material reward... I'd just like something particularly rousing, and which feels especially good without requiring too much effort so that I'm full of vigor everyday."

Wang Ling: "..."

After a short silence, Zhuo Yi realized that his phrasing could be even more easily misunderstood, so he corrected himself. " Shifu , don't misunderstand, I'm talking about martial techniques!"

Later on, Wang Ling hung up the phone, and after some thought, he sent Zhuo Yi the latest set of eye exercises.

This was the most recent set of eye exercises, which hadn't become the norm yet when Zhuo Yi had graduated from Number 60 High School; back then, they had still been using the local trial version...

...

It had to be said that Zhuo Yi was very quick and efficient in getting things done.

It had only been half an hour after the phone call. When Wang Ling turned on the news, he saw Third Saint walking out of the police station surrounded by a group of reporters.

To protect his privacy, his face on TV had been obscured by mosaic tiles.

"Sir, is it possible to reveal details about the disappearance of these delivery employees? Some people believe that you are in fact an accessory to this crime, is that right? Is it only because of insufficient evidence that you were released?" a female reporter asked as she held a microphone in Third Saint's direction.

Third Saint looked at the female reporter and said just two things: "1. It's completely fabricated. 2. I've already asked my lawyer to handle it 2 ."

2(This was Guo Jingming's reply after the popular author was accused by another male author in his publishing company of sexual harassment ..) Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 194 I'm a Good Person, But I'm Not the Holy Mother!


It was June 12th on Sunday in the seventh week of the semester.

The incident with the missing Riceball Takeout delivery riders seemed to have come to an end for the time being, but it was just as troublesome trying to sort out the aftermath. After Zhuo Yi had bailed Third Saint out, the latter had begun to assist Lord Thunder in follow-up investigations and dealing with the aftermath. That night, they took the witness statements of the twenty-one riders in the gourd. Although they were now souls, their statements were just as legally binding according to Huaxiu nation's laws.

"So that's the basic situation..."

After a night of cross-examination, Lord Thunder explained the situation in the group chat, then amply promoted his good will. "The next thing we need to do is to help these twenty-one surviving delivery riders apply for accident insurance with the insurance company."

Early in the morning, Wang Ling scrolled through the group's chat history.

"Accident insurance?" Cailian Zhenren said doubtfully.

"Mm, there are two options for a cultivation accident insurance plan. The first is to give the families compensation in the event that the death has already happened. I will also find a way to help the families of the eleven riders whom we couldn't save go through the process. The second option is to help make them corporeal bodies. This is also included in the accident insurance where the souls are preserved in a relatively complete state."

"Make corporeal bodies? How?" Cailian Zhenren asked.

Lord Thunder answered, "Of course, it can't be done if their realm is too high, but if it's below the Golden Core stage, it can be done by combining clay with the universal restorative spirit lotus root. However, this is relatively expensive; generally, it's used to make limbs for the disabled; the cost of creating an entire body would be sky-high for an ordinary cultivator. But if it's within the insurance range, the expense can almost be overlooked."

Spirit lotus root?

Wang Ling peered at the screen, and for some reason, he suddenly thought of Nezha 1 from the myth.

1(In Chinese mythology, Nezha was a boy who sacrificed himself for his family, but was later brought back to life by his teacher, who used lotus roots to construct a human body for his soul.) Cailian Zhenren: "But they're all in the gourd now, how are they going to apply? And even if they can apply, doesn't the person in question have to sign?"

"This isn't a big deal, their souls just can't be exposed to light. We can use verbal recordings to get notarizations from the notary office and apply on their behalf as their agents." Lord Thunder sent an emoji with a sinister smile. "Of course, I'm not doing this for free. After talking it over with them yesterday, they agreed that each of them would pay me twenty percent of their individual compensation insurance plans as an errand service fee."

Wang Ling: "..."

Cailian Zhenren: "Senior Immortal... I really thought you were a good person!"

"Fellow Cailian, that's where your way of thinking is wrong. Think about it, we saved this bunch of people, and if they don't pay us back, don't you think their consciences would hurt?"

Cailian Zhenren: "..."

Lord Thunder: "This Senior Immortal is a good person, that's true, but I'm not the Holy Mother... what must be asked for should be asked for! Besides, it costs quite a bit to maintain the small world inside Brother Toya's gourd. There's also quite a lot of public relations expenses involved when we're running errands. The most troublesome are the damn insurance claims; they can't be sorted out at all until we've made twenty or thirty trips."

Reading Lord Thunder's words, Wang Ling nodded with deep understanding.

He recalled back when Grandfather Wang had applied for a pension in his first year of retirement. When he had gone through the formalities each time, if he wasn't missing his papers, then he was missing stamps. The whole process had taken half a year to complete...

"In addition to the above, there is one other more important thing, which is that we have to quickly investigate the old devil's location. As long as the ancient dagger is restored, Brother Ling can use his great power to trace it directly back to the old devil." Lord Thunder typed swiftly. "I'm guessing that the place which the Purple Gold Gourd links to is probably an alien space that would be almost impossible to track down if that old devil doesn't show up."

"But that is a magic blade from ancient times; is there really a way to restore it?" Bulang Blade Immortal asked in the group chat.

"There is!" Lord Thunder said. "It looks badly damaged, but in fact it was just the middle section that was crushed. The top part and the bottom where it's attached to the hilt is relatively intact. We just need Dharmaraja to use the power of his godly thunder inheritance to weld them together."

Nine Times Man, Cailian Zhenren and Bulang Blade Immortal: "..." There was such an operation?!

"I've already asked Dharmaraja to prepare for it; he's probably busy now and hasn't read the messages."

Lord Thunder said, "Brother Ling, the dagger fragments are still with you. I'll ask Brother Toya to find you in the afternoon, and the two of you can go together. Hm... I know you're lurking."

After Wang Ling read this, he was instantly silent. Then, he closed the chat window and pretended that he hadn't read anything.

...

At one o'clock in the afternoon, Immortal Toya arrived on the dot at the door of the Wang family's small villa.

When Mother Wang opened the door, she immediately saw a handsome, noble-looking man with white skin and gray hair. He hadn't brought his large medicinal gourd with him today; instead, there was a long sword on his back, which made him seem even more like a graceful fairy.

Mother Wang felt that this man was way too handsome — she also thought that Little Lei was very handsome, but it was clear that Lord Thunder had a very Er Dan temperament, so she had always felt that if he ever entered the entertainment industry, it would probably be as a comedian... on the other hand, her first impression of this gray-haired youth was that he was a man who could steal the show! He had the real temperament of a superstar!

Seeing Mother Wang, Immortal Toya immediately stood to attention, then bowed deeply to her. "Hello, senior, I'm here to look for Ling Zhenren!"

He knew that the people who lived in the Wang family's small villa were all remarkable individuals; he had heard from Lord Thunder that there was an old man in particular who was a great senior in the cultivation world with some mysterious unknown identity... therefore, he had come to the Wang family's small villa with the devout heart of a pilgrim.

"Ling Ling, your friend's looking for you." Mother Wang opened the door and then called for him out of habit. But Wang Ling had actually already known about Immortal Toya's arrival earlier on, and he made his way downstairs.

After that, he changed into a pair of white canvas shoes and left with Immortal Toya, shoulder to shoulder.

As they left, Mother Wang still had her hands on her face as she looked at their backs with an intoxicated expression.

Ah... no! That was a man! And Wang Ling was a straight man!

Mother Wang suddenly came to her senses!

For just an instant, she had suddenly felt that Ling Ling and this youth had seemed compatible with each other...

She had to go cool off first... she wasn't young anymore, but was actually still indulging in fantasies. This was really not right!

...

Immortal Toya had driven a car here this time. When he saw this luxury black supercar, Wang Ling hesitated for a bit, but in the end got in.

He actually didn't really like taking any sort of transportation. He could directly teleport or run to a lot of places, but he also didn't like to reveal too much about himself in front of people whom he wasn't very familiar with. He had only met Immortal Toya several times, so it would be too unreserved of him if he revealed too much.

There actually weren't many people whom Wang Ling completely acknowledged.

Therefore, Lord Thunder was a special case.





Chapter 195 Do You Think the Power of Lightning Is Only Used for Teaching?


Having said that, it wasn't as if Wang Ling disliked Immortal Toya. The latter was a very sensible brother. Although his handsome appearance was a bonus, it was the last item on Wang Ling's list of priorities.

In a world which emphasized looks, Wang Ling didn't pay attention to appearance. It wasn't important to him because his face could be kneaded into whatever appearance he wanted without the need for cosmetic surgery. When he was young, he had been too handsome and too popular with his classmates. Thus, he had changed his face several times at a very young age, and based on what the popular standards of beauty were each year, he would modify his face to fit the average mold.

His current appearance was probably slightly above the ordinary level, which was enough for him.

What was the use of being good-looking?! In a critical moment, you could only sing: Look at this noodle1, it's long and wide; like this bowl, it's large and round2...

1(The Chinese word for 'noodle' 面 also means 'face.')

2(This is from idol singer Kris Wu's freestyle rap about making noodles on a Chinese variety show ..) The reason why Wang Ling thought that Immortal Toya was a sensible person was because he felt that the latter really knew how to read a situation; they had only just met in the flesh the last time, but Immortal Toya already had a good grasp of Wang Ling's personality.

As Immortal Toya drove, he was well aware in his heart that this Ling Zhenren wasn't someone who liked to speak; even when there was a problem, he was disinclined to move his lips. His most common method of communication was through a telepathic link.

But it had to be said that telepathy could actually be very awkward sometimes. If there were no outsiders around, then that was fine. But if someone was communicating with you telepathically when there were strangers around you, you would just look like you were talking to yourself. Immortal Toya had always thought that this behavior was a little idiotic...

Additionally, if both individuals didn't speak and communicated wholly through their thoughts, that was even more awkward. Moreover, this was rather impolite behavior. The standard courtesy observed by cultivators for thousands of years was that a junior should always reply out loud if an elder spoke to them telepathically.

Hence, in view of this situation, Immortal Toya had very sensibly found out how to run missions with Ling Zhenren in a way that was amicable and able to alleviate any awkwardness, and furthermore, wouldn't be discourteous... that was, to learn to take the initiative, consider the problem from all angles, anticipate the questions that this Senior Ling might want to ask, and then explain them one by one.

Wang Ling really liked this method. With Immortal Toya now by his side, not only didn't he need to move his lips, even his brain could stop thinking...

"Senior Ling, we're now on our way to the Xiao Family Compound," Immortal Toya said as he drove.

The Xiao Family Compound?

Wang Ling hadn't anticipated that it would be a place familiar to him.

He suddenly recalled when Sun Rong had invited him there back then, and how they had run into a spot of trouble. Now that he thought about it, that was probably the day when Shadow Stream's grudge had begun.

"Lightning Dharmaraja from the group works in the Xiao Family Compound," Immortal Toya continued. "Dharmaraja's godly thunder inheritance is a holy relic. He is the last descendant of the Thunder clan and also the heir to this holy relic."

Wang Ling raised his eyebrows. If Immortal Toya hadn't mentioned it, he would have almost forgotten this thing. There were holy magic treasures that were passed down from ancestors of ancient clans from the Great Battle Qi era. People called them holy relics, and a holy relic could only be inherited by descendants of the ancient clan which it belonged to. Nowadays, however, half of the descendants of the twelve major ancient clans had almost disappeared, and many of the holy relics were still missing.

Wang Ling didn't know much about Lightning Dharmaraja, but he hadn't expected him to actually be a descendant of the Thunder clan, and to have moreover inherited a holy relic... Wang Ling had always thought that this Dharmaraja was just involved in teaching!

"Actually, Dharmaraja has been misunderstood all these years. He's used his godly thunder inheritance to cure many teenagers who were gaming addicts. After all, cultivation is about good karma and good deeds... but that isn't his main business," Immortal Toya explained solemnly. "His real occupation is in the Xiao Family Compound."

Wang Ling: "???"

Immortal Toya: "The buildings in the Xiao Family Compound are all antiques, and using current scientific methods to repair them when they get damaged sometimes results in more damage. But the godly thunder inheritance can disassemble the broken parts and then recombine them, or even weld them together. So Dharmaraja is actually a repairs engineer specially employed by the Xiao Family Compound."

Wang Ling: "..."

...

It was the second time that Wang Ling was visiting the Xiao Family Compound. Without Sun Rong around, he couldn't use the green passage this time, but he could enter through the staff passage.

Dharmaraja gave the security office at the entrance a call, and the security guard opened the gate to let them through.

By the by, there were very few visitors in the Xiao Family Compound today. Since many of the scenic spots were under maintenance, many customers who had bought the three-day travel pass had decided to take a break today. Of course, to make up for it, the Xiao Family Compound had given each customer a five hundred-yuan voucher for the barbecue shop inside the Xiao Family Compound.

This barbecue shop was owned by the Xiao clan, and its biggest difference with the barbecue shops outside was that it used the Heavenly Flame to barbecue the meat, which gave it a different type of taste.

The security guard uncle was very generous and gave Immortal Toya and Wang Ling each a voucher. "You can use the vouchers when you spend over one thousand yuan; the more vouchers you use, the more value you get for your money, and it's just for these three days."

"Is this really alright?"

Immortal Toya accepted the voucher with a little embarrassment. "We're just here to look for someone..."

"What's that got to do with anything? I still have plenty here!" The security guard uncle shook his head and went back to his office table in the small pavilion. When he pulled open a drawer, Immortal Toya took a good look and saw heaps of vouchers inside worth five hundred yuan. Most importantly, these vouchers had no dates on them!

"The higher-ups printed too many, and the extras were all put here. I can afford to eat for several months on these vouchers." After saying this, the old security guard uncle rubbed his beer belly. "I've worked here for so long, and now I'm finally getting some benefits. Look at how thin I've become..."

Wang Ling : "..."

...

When they officially entered the Xiao Family Compound, Dharmaraja took the initiative to send Immortal Toya a text message to let them know that he was still performing maintenance at Treasure Cliff; it would be at least an hour before he could come out.

Immortal Toya looked at the time and heaved a sigh, then looked at Wang Ling and said, "Senior, why don't we go to the barbecue shop first and get something to eat while we wait for him? We have two vouchers, we can eat for free!"

Wang Ling didn't speak but just nodded in agreement.

But when they reached the Xiao clan barbecue shop, he saw that there was already a long line at the door... as long as you spent a thousand yuan and you could use as many vouchers as you wanted in a single transaction, given that the vouchers were worth five hundred yuan each, this meant in theory that your meal could be completely free.

This kind of material compensation was nothing for a nouveau riche family like the Xiao clan.

And this in turn had led directly to the current unprecedented and grand situation at the door...

The scene reminded Wang Ling of a gourmet food store he had once visited which had become a hot topic online for its famous green rice balls.

He had once queued for six hours at that store before he could finally buy the green rice balls with crispy noodle filling.





Chapter 196 Godly Thunder Inheritance


It was an unprecedented and grand event at the entrance of the barbecue shop. There were so many people that it simply felt like the air was boiling.

The barbecue shop waiters were so busy that even the staff in charge of queue numbers at the door had started to carry trays of drinks to serve the customers in line.

Wang Ling felt that this would be a waste of time. Judging by the flow of customers, they wouldn't even reach the shop while in line before Dharmaraja finished his work.

But just then, a girl suddenly came over from the front of the queue and extended an invitation to Immortal Toya with some embarrassment.

This girl was from a girl group that had been expressly invited to dance at the Xiao Family Compound. However, several of the group members had something else on for the moment today, which directly led to a few seats becoming available.

Initially, it wasn't a big deal that there were fewer people. However, this girl standing in the crowd had turned her head to look behind her, and had suddenly noticed two "little darlings" standing toward the rear of the crowd.

Immortal Toya didn't say anything and just smiled slightly as he stood with his arms crossed; just like that, they had been inexplicably invited by a girl from a girl group to make up table numbers.

There were now hundreds of people waiting in line. Even if they were now waiting for a table to accommodate their numbers, Wang Ling still thought that it would never reach their turn.

However, he was now of half a mind to take back his previous "What was the use of being good-looking" remark...

Sure enough, in an era which emphasized looks, everything was fleeting! Only attractiveness was king!

Even though they no longer had to line up, Wang Ling felt a little out of place; he admitted that he was actually more of a lone wolf, and it felt a little strange to eat with people he didn't know, especially strangers whom he hadn't even chatted with online before.

Nevertheless, Wang Ling could admit that these girls were all very cute. Including Wang Ling and Immortal Toya, there were ten of them in total, and a waiter brought them to a private room. A young girl in a black miniskirt and with eyes so big that they could provoke a person introduced herself. "You can call me Bamboo, I'm the vice-captain of the group."

Initially there had been twelve people in the group who were supposed to come for the barbecue, but now four were out. Because they would be putting on a performance, the barbecue expenses would be directly written off by the Xiao Family Compound... so in theory, the vouchers in Wang Ling and Immortal Toya's hands were no longer of any use as they could completely freeload off someone else.

After entering the room, Wang Ling moved to sit in one corner with an expressionless face.

Immortal Toya: "Sorry, everyone, this senior isn't good at talking..."

Bamboo shook her head. "It's fine, we were the ones who invited you to join us. Eat whatever you like, just help yourselves."

Several people passed the menu around in order. When it was Wang Ling's turn, a spirit light glowed in his hand and a plastic bag emerged.

Immortal Toya: "Senior, this is..." He had seen this plastic bag before!

This was the Chinese soup dumpling-flavored crispy noodle snacks which the old man had prepared previously, and which Wang Ling had held on to until now.

Wang Ling was thinking that he had finally found an opportunity to eat them today; after grilling them a bit, he could even eat them nice and warm!

Without saying a word, Wang Ling straightaway put the crispy noodle snacks on the hot plate one by one; very soon, the aroma of the crispy noodle snacks which were specially made by the old man filled the air.

After several of the girls from the girl group smelled the tear-provoking Chinese soup dumpling-flavored crispy noodle snacks, tears gradually started to well up in their eyes.

"Ladies, what's wrong?" Immortal Toya was at a bit of a loss when he saw their red eyes.

Bamboo blew her nose, her big eyes already brimming with tears. "I don't know either..."

The aroma couldn't be described; unexpectedly, it could make a person recall the taste of their mother's cooking!

And so, even before the barbecue in the private room had officially started, everyone inside apart from Wang Ling were wiping their tears.

The most terrifying thing was that the aroma gradually permeated the entire barbecue restaurant, and everyone present burst into tears...

...

By the time Dharmaraja was finished with his work, it was already nearly one o'clock in the afternoon and later than Immortal Toya had imagined.

Saying goodbye to Bamboo, Immortal Toya and Wang Ling left the barbecue restaurant. Immortal Toya's eyes were still red. Just now in the restaurant, he had been researching how to use spirit energy to seal his tear ducts. In reality, this had proven very difficult to carry out. It was just like bending your fingers; some people could bend them to an inconceivable degree, while some just couldn't do it even when they tried bending their fingers to the point of almost snapping them off.

Dharmaraja had sent Immortal Toya a message, and the two people headed for the Xiao Family Compound's Public Service Center.

Dharmaraja was the office director of the service center's services department.

When they entered the office after knocking at the door, Wang Ling saw a slightly plump man with black slicked-back hair sitting inside. He was drenched in sweat, and a pair of goggles still hung around his neck; he used these to prevent the bright light of the godly thunder inheritance from blinding him.

"Brother Toya?" Dharmaraja stood up from his chair and looked at Immortal Toya with pleasant surprise.

The two individuals had met offline before and had even drunk together a few times; they could already be considered drinking buddies.

Lightning Dharmaraja turned to look at the silent Wang Ling and saluted him with clasped fists. "This has to be Senior Ling? Senior Ling truly looks younger than I had imagined..."

Like most people, when Lightning Dharmaraja saw Wang Ling for the first time, he had an inexplicable feeling; a man with power so great he was like a monster could actually be this young and possess such enduring vitality of the body... this maintenance was a bit too good!

Wang Ling also didn't do more than nod in greeting before he straightaway took out the broken fragments of the ancient magic blade.

Dharmaraja instantly frowned.

"What is it?" Immortal Toya asked.

Dharmaraja picked up a magnifying glass from the table to scrutinize the magic blade. "Well... I just feel that the blade's damage is far more serious than it had looked in the photo. The break is uneven and it would be a little difficult to weld the pieces together."

Immortal Toya: "Can it be fixed?"

"Of course it can. Give me two days, I'll take it back and do it properly." At this point, Lightning Dharmaraja turned his gaze to Wang Ling. "However, I have a small request."

Immortal Toya had a bad feeling. "What are you trying to do? Senior Ling is a very busy person!"

Lightning Dharmaraja: "Brother Toya, rest assured, I'm not trying to steal your boyfriend."

Immortal Toya: "..."

Lightning Dharmaraja didn't beat around the bush either and simply cut to the chase. "I've already heard of Senior Wang's prowess since before, and I have the honor of being able to meet Senior Wang today, so I hope senior can grant my unreasonable request..."

"You want to compare battle notes with Senior Ling?" Immortal Toya was shocked. After all, this was a man who could crush an ancient magic blade with his bare hands.

"Let's forget about comparing notes... I know that in terms of sheer strength, there is no way I can win against Senior Ling. That's why I hope instead that senior can stand still and let me punch him. I would like to test the full extent of the power of the godly thunder inheritance." Dharmaraja nodded and appeared very confident.

Up until now, no one had been able to remain absolutely motionless after enduring a punch wrapped in his godly thunder inheritance!





Chapter 197 After a Light Tremor of the Body...


Dharmaraja's confidence wasn't unreasonable; a punch wrapped in the godly thunder inheritance, the holy relic, didn't just have tremendous destructive power — the most critical thing was that after the godly thunder entered the body, it would immediately numb the nerves if protective measures weren't taken. Indeed, there were very few people who could take a direct hit from the power of the godly thunder and remain standing.

Of course, Dharmaraja's overall strength wasn't powerful, but given that he had the godly thunder inheritance, he couldn't be too careless. Lord Thunder himself had been overconfident previously, and after enduring a punch, he had been laid up in bed like a corpse for two whole days.

"The last time, when I fought Lord Thunder, I only used sixty percent of the power of the godly thunder inheritance. I've long heard of Ling Zhenren's immense strength, which is why I'd already thought about this challenge earlier on." In the office, Dharmaraja bowed to Wang Ling again with an extremely earnest expression on his face.

Hearing this, Immortal Toya finally understood. "You want Senior Ling to act as a target to test the might of the godly thunder?"

"Three hundred years ago, it was confirmed that this holy relic would be passed down to me, and it took these three hundred years for me to fully inherit this the Thunder clan's sacred object. Then I found this type of job in the Xiao Family Compound... most regretfully, after all these years, I have yet to see with my own eyes how strong the full might of the godly thunder inheritance is."

Speaking up to this point, Dharmaraja sighed a little regretfully. "As the last descendant of the Thunder clan, my one cherished wish is to see this power for myself during my lifetime; I will no longer have any regrets in this life then."

Wang Ling fell into deep thought at Dharmaraja's words. This wasn't a simple matter for him; to stand still and let himself be punched without reacting to it would test his ability to control the ensuing backlash. The grass on the tomb of the Shadow Stream killer who had thrown a punch at him back then was probably tens of meters high now...

But there were still some differences compared with that previous situation. At least he still had the Dao talisman seal which Wang Ming had made for him — this would be crucial in helping him to control the backlash. Next, all he needed to do was pay attention to his control during the battle and not injure Dharmaraja.

So in the end, Wang Ling consented to Dharmaraja's request. Actually, he himself was curious about the holy relics handed down from the Great Battle Qi era.

It had to be mentioned that many of the holy relics that had been passed down had already lost their effectiveness in this day and age.

This was because the energy source for these holy relics was battle qi. The Xiao clan's Heavenly Flame, for example, was in fact a holy relic, but without battle qi, it had been reduced to just flashy fireworks and the fire specially used to cook the Xiao clan's barbecue. However, the Thunder clan's godly thunder inheritance was a little special; it had been created through the absorption of the energy of heaven and earth, especially during thundery weather, when the power of the inheritance would be automatically built up and its might would thus be increased.

The reason why the Thunder clan's godly thunder inheritance had been successfully preserved compared with the other holy relics was because it had moved from depending on battle qi to relying on the spirit energy of heaven and earth as an energy source; due to the changes in time and environment, it had completed its own evolution.

"Since Senior Ling has no objections, then I'll just watch the show. Dharmaraja, do you have a place we can use for this contest? You can't fight in this office, can you?" asked Immortal Toya.

"I do, I do!" Dharmaraja quickly nodded.

Following that, he used the community hotline to find a tour vehicle to take the other two people to an empty square.

"This square is also a scenic spot that is currently still under maintenance, so outsiders can't come in here." Dharmaraja got out of the car and introduced the place to the two men. "This was the Xiao clan's family training ground during the Great Battle Qi era."

Saying this, he pointed to a small black dot five hundred meters away.

Looking in the direction that Dharmaraja was pointing, Wang Ling realized that the "small black dot" was actually a black stone tablet. Its surface was already cracked and covered with moss, and even its base was wrapped in vines. It looked very old.

"That is a test magic stone which the Xiao clan used in the past to test their disciples. It is also something we take particular care to safeguard in the Xiao Family Compound. It's covered by a protective film and is shaded to prevent corrosion from the elements," Lightning Dharmaraja said.

"Can't you use the godly thunder inheritance to restore it?" asked Immortal Toya.

Dharmaraja shook his head helplessly. "There isn't even the slightest bit of metal in this stone tablet; it's made completely out of jade, so the godly thunder inheritance wouldn't be of any use."

So that was the case...

Immortal Toya and Wang Ling nodded to themselves.

Once Wang Ling was ready, Immortal Toya retreated to one side and left the whole square to Dharmaraja. From afar, he gave Wang Ling a cheer: "Senior Ling, good luck!"

Wang Ling and Dharmaraja faced each other in the middle of the square.

Dharmaraja bowed to Wang Ling at a ninety degree angle before raising his head to look at him. He then put his goggles on.

"Senior Ling, be careful..." The power of his godly thunder inheritance was almost instantaneous.

Right after he said this, electricity burst sharply in his left hand with a sizzling sound, the light so dazzling it could truly pierce the eyes.

Standing "out of bounds," Immortal Toya involuntarily shielded his eyes; the only thing he could perceive was that the whole square had become a blur as it was completely enveloped in a boundless white light.

When the power of the godly thunder inheritance was immediately released, Wang Ling, who was standing opposite Dharmaraja, thought of the Solar Flare move1. But the light of the godly thunder inheritance was far more piercing compared with the Solar Flare. Nevertheless, this kind of flare had no effect on the ultimate Heavenly Eye.

1(The 'Solar Flare' is a technique used in 'Dragonball', & is simply a flare of bright light which a person projects to blind their opponent) Dharmaraja was left-handed, and the godly thunder pulsed in his left hand seven times; he would be going with seventy percent of the holy relic's power from the beginning.

He didn't dare use the fullest extent of his power straightaway; when he had just used sixty percent of it the last time, Lord Thunder hadn't been able to get out of bed for two days after being electrocuted.

"Here I come!" Once the power of the godly thunder had reached the seventh level, Dharmaraja abruptly took one large stride forward and raised his left fist as he suddenly aimed a punch at Wang Ling's chest!

Conversely, Wang Ling remained stock still.

The blow was very powerful and it blew his fringe back, and even though it looked like nothing else had happened, Wang Ling was in fact doing his best to restrain his Golden Body and suppress the effects of the backlash.

Wrapped in lightning, the godly thunder inheritance hit Wang Ling's chest precisely with a bang...

When the lightning dispersed, Dharmaraja stared blankly at the boy in front of him.

He could only say that this Ling Zhenren was stronger than he had thought! The seven-layer godly thunder inheritance didn't have even the slightest bit of effect on the other man! The legs of a regular person would have already turned to jelly earlier on from the lightning and caused them to collapse!

In contrast, after the seven-layer godly thunder entered his body, the first thing that Wang Ling felt wasn't pain nor numbness... instead, it felt ticklish!

To describe it simply: after a light tremor of the body, everything had become dull2...

2(This is an allusion to a crude Chinese phrase used online which basically translates as "after a climaxes, everything becomes meaningless")





Chapter 198 Come on, You're so Weak, Hey


Exactly how strong was the seven-layer godly thunder? Wang Ling roughly felt that it would definitely be able to paralyze a Soul Formation cultivator. Of course, that was if the cultivator was completely unprepared for it.

Under normal circumstances, absolutely no one would voluntarily take a blow infused with the godly thunder inheritance from Dharmaraja — that was also the reason why he had never witnessed the full extent of the power of the godly thunder inheritance.

The electric shock actually gave Wang Ling a comfortable feeling. He had had his Sage Body for many years, and so he couldn't feel much when his external acupuncture points were kneaded. However, when this godly thunder inheritance flowed through his body and stimulated his acupuncture points, it was a very intimate and snug feeling!

On the side, Immortal Toya was dumbstruck. While he had already anticipated this result, the fact that Ling Zhenren actually hadn't moved the slightest bit at all after taking a hit from the godly thunder inheritance was really too much of an exaggeration.

This result, however, excited Dharmaraja. "Senior Ling is really amazing, and truly lives up to his reputation!"

The power in his left hand sparked more violently than before, and in that instant, lightning flashed and a loud thunderclap resounded throughout the whole square!

It could only be said that the godly thunder inheritance was worthy of its name; it contained a power that could even change the weather.

The sky above the square had been clear and vast before they had arrived; now, black streams of cloud spiraled overhead and gathered together in the air.

The weather had become overcast and fog rolled out from the center of the square, making it impossible to see ahead. Even with his Heavenly Eye open as he watched from the side, Immortal Toya could only see two indistinct figures in the fog...

"It truly is a holy relic, how powerful." As he watched the battle, Immortal Toya secretly sighed in his heart.

At that moment, a drop of rain fell on the tip of his nose, and gradually more raindrops began to fall from the sky above the square.

There was a loud roar, and this time in the nebulous fog, Immortal Toya saw lightning flash eight times!

The eight-layer godly thunder inheritance was on an entirely different level than the previous layer; Dharmaraja's punch this time was accompanied by bursts of lightning, and the violent force caused the ground to explode and form holes in the square's surface.

The stone bricks were completely scorched from the lightning, and some had cracks in them... Immortal Toya could already imagine the mess after the battle. Dharmaraja was probably going to have to be responsible for fixing all the bricks on the ground here.

Who knew whether there was any metal in the stone bricks or not. If Dharmaraja couldn't repair them, he would have to pay compensation for each one. These stone bricks were remnants of the Great Battle Qi era; the market value of one was equivalent to the price of a chicken cup1 ...

1(This refers to cups that were forged in imperial kilns during the Ming dynasty which have chickens painted on them. There are only 19 known genuine cups in existence. In 2014, a chicken cup sold at an auction in Hong Kong for $36.3 million.) Standing in the square and looking at these broken bricks, Immortal Toya couldn't help stepping back.

Dharmaraja's punch once again landed on Wang Ling's chest, and once again Wang Ling felt refreshed, like all his arteries and veins were being massaged.

"How? Did it work?"

Dharmaraja looked in front of him and just saw Wang Ling, who had taken the punch, nod slightly.

Both the strength and the impact of this punch was on a level higher than the seven-layer godly thunder. Assuming that no precautions had been taken, if the seven-layer godly thunder could paralyze a Soul Formation cultivator, then the eight-layer godly thunder was powerful enough to severely cripple a Soul Formation cultivator.

Furthermore, of all the holy relics, the godly thunder inheritance had a particularly unique attribute. Once a body was injured by this lightning force, the damage was almost irreversible; the body would become incapable of regenerating cells to fix itself. In contrast, paralysis of the nerves was the lightest condition.

Wang Ling twisted his neck from side to side. Dharmaraja's mouth had dropped open with immense shock and amazement. What kind of monster was he really up against?

"Dharmaraja, why don't you try using your full strength?" Immortal Toya couldn't take it anymore.

A person who had been hit by the godly thunder inheritance twice in succession actually showed no reaction at all! This really was the first time something like this had ever happened...

Dharmaraja looked at the rainbow-colored light that swirled in his palm. For the first time, he wondered a little suspiciously whether he had inherited a possibly fake holy relic!

Standing in the same spot in the middle of the square, Wang Ling waved at Dharmaraja.

Dharmaraja's heart instantly crumbled a little. He had never thought that a day would come where he would truly be able to exert the full strength of the godly thunder inheritance.

Drawing in a breath, he calmed his thoughts, and the lightning in his hand surged up once again. "From ancient times until now, there have been no records in our clan of anyone who has been able to escape the bombardment of the ten-layer godly thunder inheritance completely unscathed."

He looked at Wang Ling with some awe in his eyes.

Previously, Dharmaraja had only heard about Wang Ling's prowess through various channels. Before meeting him properly, no one could tell whether this renowned senior in the cultivation circle really was as formidable as the rumors said. But now, Dharmaraja could confirm that rumors which argued that Ling Zhenren was actually nothing special were complete rubbish.

This Senior Ling was really ridiculously strong!

After ten bursts, the power of the godly thunder inheritance reached a brand new level once again.

In a blink of an eye, the weather changed, and the light drizzle from before turned into a torrential storm. The lightning in Dharmaraja's left hand was like an electric dragon; in the split second when he streaked forward, the bricks beneath him crumbled straightaway, leaving a trench in the ground a dozen meters long.

This strong pressure from dozens of meters away had already reached Wang Ling's face, and he could feel the tremors.

His eyes finally darkened at the full extent of the power of the godly thunder inheritance. He could indeed feel a destructive force about to descend upon him.

If the old devil in the stone ghost mask had been the person who wielded the power of this godly thunder inheritance, Wang Ling felt that the world would probably be doomed to extinction.

This was Dharmaraja's most powerful blow. Wang Ling didn't think that he had ever felt so much force behind a punch before, and he had to suppress the tingling sensation in his chest.

But unfortunately, Dharmaraja's movements were too slow, and Wang Ling was able to break down each move with his eyes.

When Dharmaraja was just half a body length away, Wang Ling slowly raised his hand to accurately catch the former's fierce punch, his five fingers closing over Dharmaraja's fist.

Instantly, the electric dragon in Dharmaraja's hand quietened down, but at the same time, the power of a tremendous backlash surged forth!

Wang Ling's body was bathed in golden light, and before the force of the backlash completely emerged, he also covered Dharmaraja and Immortal Toya in the light. Then, powerful spirit pressure burst out in every direction from Wang Ling as the center.

In a few seconds, the backlash from Wang Ling swept away the rain, and the clouds in the sky scattered as things returned to a tranquil state.

The sun once again shone through the clouds. When Immortal Toya opened his eyes, what he saw was Wang Ling with his fingers wrapped around Dharmaraja's fist in the middle of the square.

The scene at this moment reminded him of the "Come on, you're so weak, hey" meme2...

2(If you'd like to check out what this meme looks like, you can search for 拜托,你很弱诶.)





Chapter 199 You, Zhenren, Are Zhenren


There wasn't a single cloud in the sky over the square at the moment. Dharmaraja took off his goggles and threw them aside. His head was covered in sweat and he gasped for breath as he bent forward with his hands on his knees.

After these three punches, Dharmaraja was now absolutely clear on one truth — the gap between his and Ling Zhenren's strength was way too big; it already couldn't be described as a moat. Instead, they were clearly separated by a sea!

A particular saying put it best: you, Zhenren, are Zhenren; you, the master, are the master 1 ...

1(This is adapted from a Chinese catchphrase, "you the master are forever the master," which is equivalent to high praise.) Dharmaraja was thoroughly convinced. "Senior Ling is really too strong... I've lost!"

He couldn't help sighing; it wasn't just any ordinary gap between them. His explosive power had been raised to its full extent in the ten-layer godly thunder inheritance. Its devastating pressure had made Immortal Toya sweat; standing on the side, he hadn't been able to clearly see Dharmaraja's moves at all. Yet somehow, the punch had been stopped, just like that.

Furthermore, Ling Zhenren had just easily and casually raised his hand, and in the blink of an eye had neutralized this fierce attack.

Dharmaraja thoroughly conceded defeat; when he came back to his senses, he realized that his whole body was enveloped in a faint and soft golden light, like a godly robe. "...What's this?"

"Before your last punch, Senior Ling covered us with the protective golden light of his Sage Body," Immortal Toya explained; watching the battle from the side, he had seen everything clearly. "Otherwise, given the impact of your punch just now, you wouldn't just have been unable to break Senior Ling's Golden Body, you would also have become slag from the backlash."

When Dharmaraja heard this, he was moved. The rumored Senior Ling was not only powerful, he was unexpectedly also so considerate... he was practically a warm man 2 , wasn't he?!

2(A 'warm man' is basically a guy who's perfect in all aspects.) Dharmaraja couldn't help the surge of emotions in his heart. If he was a girl, he could probably fall in love with this Senior Ling!

"You've had your fight, are you happy now?" Immortal Toya gazed at Dharmaraja with his arms crossed, and looked like he had enjoyed the show.

Dharmaraja nodded his head and said, "Senior Ling and Brother Toya, rest assured. Since I've already made you a promise, just leave the repair of the magic blade to me. When I go back later, I'll work overtime to restore it!"

Immortal Toya looked at the ruins of the square and sighed. "By the way, Dharmaraja, you've damaged this place to this extent, is that really alright?"

"It's not open anyway; I can fix it very quickly."

After he said this, Dharmaraja fixed Immortal Toya with a slightly complicated gaze, and he then heaved a sigh. "I really envy you, Brother Toya..."

Immortal Toya: "???"

Lightning Dharmaraja: "Originally, I had always thought that you were the most handsome in our group, but after seeing Senior Ling today, I find that he's also very good-looking... the most important thing is that Senior Ling's boyfriend meter is off the charts; when he was fighting me, he still remembered to create a golden light form to protect you."

Immortal Toya: "..."

Dharmaraja patted Immortal Toya on the shoulder and heaved a deep sigh. "I wish the both of you happiness!"

Wang Ling: "..."

...

It was a proven fact that when two good-looking men stood together, it would indeed cause some unnecessary misunderstandings. Wang Ling felt that his current appearance should be considered average, or to put it simply, "not too bad"... yet this was also considered "handsome"! Wang Ling just didn't understand beauty standards nowadays.

It was only later that he became aware of a serious problem. Actually, the main reason for Dharmaraja's misunderstanding wasn't him, but Immortal Toya! This was the legendary principle of transference: if you had an average appearance but you were with a good-looking person, then your attractiveness would automatically level up...

This was similar to the mirror principle; some expert had once said that when a person saw their own image in a mirror, they would become thirty percent more good-looking than their usual appearance... this was all an illusion created by one's brain.

Mm, yes, it was an illusion!

No matter what other people thought, this was the theory which Wang Ling clung to.

For the time being, there was no need to worry about the restoration of the magic blade. Even so, life had yet to settle down.

On Thunder's side, the hawthorn tree was about to break through the soil; the big problem now was whether the owner of the stone ghost mask would show up...

Yet another problem was the unknown whereabouts of the old devil...

But the problem in front of Wang Ling right now was the joint military training which would be happening next week. This was definitely an unprecedented event with six high schools participating in this military training survival drill and schools pairing up to form an alliance.

If it had purely been a spring or autumn outing, Wang Ling would have been able to find various reasons to avoid going. But activities such as military training and farmwork were part of the policy which Secretary Dakang of the Alliance of Ten Thousand Schools had established decades ago, whereby every student was required to gain practical firsthand experience. Their scores would then be included in their college entrance exam grades, and would become a key criterion in determining whether they would be able to graduate or not.

In short, this was something that Wang Ling couldn't escape.

There would be too many people and too many eyes during that time. The three main alliances and all the teachers and students of the six schools would be present. In that sort of situation, working out how to get through the military training survival drill in a low-key way would be a very difficult problem for Wang Ling.

...

...

Elsewhere, the old devil who was hiding in his small world was also plotting with the Master of Shadow Stream, Jiang Liuyue.

"To defeat that Killer Taoist, you must first regain your realm. This isn't urgent for the time being, since time flows differently in this small world. My venerable self brought you here in the hope that you will recover more quickly. After I fulfill my promise to you, I can then carry out my master plan."

"Thanks to Lord Devil Emperor, I do feel much more comfortable cultivating here than in the outside world." Jiang Liuyue nodded. After these two days, she had reached a further understanding with the old devil.

"Your recovery is one thing, but I have to entrust another thing to you. Staying in your body is not a long-term solution, so I'm going to create a body. I'll be using the skeleton of an ancient grandmaster as the raw material for it," the old devil said with narrowed eyes.

"So Lord Devil Emperor wants to use this as a base to regenerate the corporeal body? Can it be done?" Jiang Liuyue asked.

"The principle is similar to using the spirit lotus root to create a body, but the method is a lot more complicated and sophisticated. I'll need the vitality of thousands of youths to power a large array in order to restore the corporeal body on the skeleton."

"Lord Devil Emperor, you don't have to worry about this. When you spoke to me about youthful vitality the last time, I'd already thought of something." Jiang Liuyue nodded. "The school I mentioned to you before is going to combine with five other schools for a military training exercise. There will be thousands of people then... wouldn't these Foundation Establishment students have ready-made vigor for you to use?"

After she said this, Jiang Liuyue smiled coldly and thought herself very clever.

She had once said that she wanted to wash Number 60 High School with blood until nothing and no one was left.

This was a god-given opportunity; not only would this help the old devil regenerate the body, it would also destroy this school at the same time; this really was the perfect scheme to kill two birds with one stone!





Chapter 200 From Baicao Garden to Sanwei Study...0


0(This is the title of a famous essay written by well-known Chinese writer Lu Xun, and refers to places in his hometown of Shaoxing.) The information which Jiang Liuyue had given Devil Emperor Gua Pi was very valuable.

For the forbidden array to regrow the organs and the flesh onto the skeleton, there were a lot of limitations involved. In addition to the need for tens of thousands of vital essences to power the forbidden array, a crucial condition was that all these essences had to be absorbed by the array at the same time as soon as it was activated.

Hence, this would be an excellent opportunity.

This issue had been giving the old devil a headache, but now at last it had been resolved.

Jiang Liuyue pressed her lips together. "Whatever happens, it's better for Lord Devil Emperor to be careful. After all, that Killer Taoist already has a Sage Body..."

"Sage Body? So what?! My body in the past had in fact just been shy of becoming a Sage Body. As long as I can restore the body, with a little refinement, it will also become holy. Will there be anyone in this world who can stand against me then?"

On top of the boundary support, the old devil in the stone ghost mask sneered. "Previously, that junior had a cheap advantage. But that's of no consequence; everything is within my control... by the way, regarding the Three Auspicious Treasures which I asked you to look into, have you found out anything yet?"

"There's still no information on the Golden Canopy Rope." Jiang Liuyue shook her head. "However, rumor is that the Seven Stars Sword has fallen into the hands of Great Death-Courting Senior. Back at the convenience mart, there was an alchemist who had come to collect the souls of those deliverymen; that was one of this person's underlings."

"Hm, we'll need to pay more attention to this matter." The old devil nodded as he spoke.

In his mind, he was making plans related to gathering the Three Auspicious Treasures together. Previously, Immortal Zhenyuan had bade the world go look for these three treasures, but no one had ever successfully collected all of them.

The Purple Gold Gourd had in fact always been with Devil Emperor Gua Pi. As long as he could collect the remaining two, he would be able to see Immortal Zhenyuan's face with his own eyes.

Exactly what did the legendary Immortal Zhenyuan look like? This was one of the things that the old devil was curious about.

...

It had been several days since Bandit Evil had received the order from his shifu Lao Gudong to find his eldest senior brother. He didn't know if it was because senior brother's character had changed, but he felt that the latter had become more mysterious than ever; previously, as long as the floral underpants were hung up outside, senior brother would definitely drop in a few days later. Now, however, Bandit Evil felt that floral underpants were no longer his senior brother's weakness.

Because Killer Taoist's whereabouts were indeterminate, it had taken Bandit Evil several days to find the place where his senior brother had been most recently.

There was an old district in Jinghua city which had been set up when Huaxiu nation had just been founded and which housed many tube-shaped apartment buildings 1. On this day, a tall young man in a black long-sleeved shirt and jeans, and wearing a black peaked cap over his white hair, appeared in front of an old tube-shaped apartment building.

1(These are apartments building where each level is simply made up of one corridor with rooms on both sides.) There was a saying that talent resided among the people; this wasn't the least bit false.

The young man looked at this shabby tube-shaped apartment building in front of him with a nostalgic feeling. He and senior brother had been raised here before they had followed shifuon the cultivation path. They had no families and were both orphans. In the blink of an eye, so many years had already passed...

Standing in front of the tube-shaped apartment building, the young man's heart was full of emotions.

When he entered the building, he saw how the residents lived their daily lives. Most of them were poor, ordinary people who weren't cultivators. But according to Huaxiu nation's annual survey, the happiness index was the highest for these ordinary people in these tube-shaped apartment buildings, far above even those cultivators who lived in luxury villa districts.

If one had to know, a lot of cultivators spent money like it was water and treated it like dirt, just like Immortal Toya and Third Saint, who had casually bought a house and a building each; with the wave of a hand, tens of thousands of yuan were spent in a flash. However, the vast majority of cultivators were plagued by feelings of emptiness and anxiety; in particular, when their realms reached a bottleneck, their worries would become increasingly obvious.

For a moment, the young man used his spiritual senses to search the apartment building, and he finally perceived a familiar aura in Baicao Garden behind the building.

He smiled faintly as he drew steadily closer. From afar, he saw an old wooden hut at the end of the path in Baicao Garden. The horizontal board above it was already cracked, and the words "Sanwei Study" could be seen on it in faint green ink. This was a public library which residents of the nearby tube-shaped apartment buildings could borrow books from.

A middle-aged man with slightly receding hair and several scars on his scalp sat at the door of Sanwei Study. He was leaning back in a bamboo chair as he read a newspaper. When the young man approached the study, he saw that the man was picking at his feet...

Pretending not to have noticed, the young man lowered his head as he slowly drew near, instantly concealing his aura.

With a whoosh, a slender, gossamer-like silver needle shot out from his fingers as he passed by the middle-aged man.

After a few silent seconds, the middle-aged man in the bamboo chair put down his newspaper, a silver needle in his mouth.

"Junior brother, it's been a long time since we met... has your strength weakened?" The middle-aged man didn't open his mouth, but relied on ventriloquism to speak.

The young man pointed at the other man's feet. Realization dawned on the middle-aged man; he looked down at his feet and discovered that his flip-flops had already disappeared. When he looked up again, the young man was holding them in his hand.

Both individuals instantly laughed.

"Junior brother, the strength in your fingers has weakened quite a bit, but your pilfering skills have improved tremendously." Killer Taoist smiled and stood up barefoot from the bamboo chair as he looked at the young man in front of him. "Why are you looking for me?"

"Master has entrusted us with a task, and I've been looking for senior brother for several days already... I never thought you would be reading here."

"My informant is the manager of Sanwei Study, and he's gone off to help me collect intelligence, so I've been helping him look after the place for the last two days," said Killer Taoist.

Bandit Evil: "What intelligence?"

Killer Taoist: "I've discovered that there's someone who's been pretending to be me all this time!"

Bandit Evil: "..."

Killer Taoist: "I've been aware of this for a long time, and I've been looking for clues, but the brat who's pretending to be me is pretty skillful... I haven't been able to find out anything at all. There's a rumor that someone pretending to be me went to investigate that incident with the missing deliverymen two days ago... this pretender better hope I don't catch him!"

"..."

Bandit Evil: "By the way, senior brother... are you already immune to floral underpants? Previously, you would always show up whenever we hung the underpants out on the clothes rack."

"Hey hey, does master really think he can use underpants to threaten me forever? As a top killer, I've already long overcome this weakness!"

Killer Taoist smiled slightly, then pulled down his pants. "Hehe... see? I've chosen to no longer wear them!"

Bandit Evil silently covered his eyes. "..." He felt like his retinas had been broken!