Table of Contents Chapter 1 The Troubled Girl (Including Prologue)

Chapter 2 Before the Parents’ Meeting

Chapter 3 All for My Sister

Chapter 4 Jealousy

Chapter 5 The man behind the scenes·Wang Nuan

Chapter 6 The wind has begun

Chapter 7 The Eternal Youth

Chapter 8 Bring you to my brother’s dream

Chapter 9 Confession in the dream

Chapter 10 Chapter Morning for Two

Chapter 11 Sun Rong's Whispers

Chapter 12 The whole world is talking about love

Chapter 13 What does Wang Ling pay for being friends?

Chapter 14 Missing is a disease

Chapter 15 Shadow and his wife’s little days of being shameless and restless

Chapter 16 Shadow’s little days of being shameless and restless (2)

Chapter 17 Shadow’s little days when he was neither shy nor impatient (3)

Chapter 18 For the rest of my life, please give me more advice

Chapter 19 The temperature of tightness

Chapter 20 The belonging of happiness

Chapter 21 Them afterward

Chapter 22 Them afterward (2)

Chapter 23 Couples' Winter Camp

Chapter 24 Drinking Wang Ling's Cup

Chapter 25 Zhanmen Winter Camp Love Chronicle (1)

Chapter 26 Zhanmen Winter Camp Love Chronicle (2)

Chapter 27 Chronicle of Love at Zhanmen Winter Camp (3)

Chapter 28 Chronicle of Love at Winter Camp with Zhanmen (4)

Chapter 29 Chronicle of Love at Zhanmen Winter Camp (5)

Chapter 30 The King of Zhangye Qingjie Series Linghui laughed

Chapter 31 Wang Ling was tricked

Chapter 32 I want to see you

Chapter 33 Mr. Sun meets Wang Ling

Chapter 34 Mr. Sun's attitude

Chapter 35 The more I read The Joyful

Chapter 36 Are you staying the night, Mr. Wang Sun-sun?

Chapter 37 Classmate Wang Ling, you can use your universal card to go to any room

Chapter 38 Sun Rong’s sleepwalking

Chapter 39 Embrace a long night

Chapter 40 Hug a Long Night (2)

Chapter 41 Hug a long night (3)

Chapter 42 Sweet trip (1)

Chapter 43 Sweet trip (2)

Chapter 44 Sweet trip (3 )

Chapter 45 Sweet Journey (4)

Chapter 46 People and hearts ready to move (1)

Chapter 47 People and hearts ready to move (2)

Chapter 48 Her and his exclusive time

Chapter 49 She is suffering in all ways

Chapter 50 An Unforgettable Night (1)

Chapter 51 An unforgettable night (2)

Chapter 52 The essence of liking lies in making exceptions (1)

Chapter 53 The essence of liking lies in making exceptions (2)

Chapter 54 Intimacy Test (1)

Chapter 55 Intimate Temptation (2)

Chapter 56 What exactly did you miss?

Chapter 57 The big plan begins

Chapter 58 Two people who are strangers

Chapter 59 Because, this is love

Chapter 60 He and her , The Best Time

Chapter 61 This time, he took the initiative (Part 1)

Chapter 62 This time, he took the initiative (Part 2)

Chapter 63 The third day of his absence (Part 1)

Chapter 64 Chapter The third day of his absence (Part 2)

Chapter 65 Unknowingly became each other’s salvation

Chapter 66 Until the world is full of sunshine

Chapter 67 Until the world is full of sunshine (2)

Chapter 68 Past and present

Chapter 69 Give some sunshine and it will be brilliant





Chapter 1 The Problem Girl (including prologue)


2022-04-02 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 1 The Problem Girl (including prologue)

[Prologue] Chapter 0: Sun Rong’s Diary

January 1, 4399, New Year's Day, sunny.

Remember? Think about that time.

It's like we just met.

Let me ask you, where is the classroom?

You never spoke, you just pointed in one direction with your finger...

I have never been ignored like this before, and I started to get angry and chase you with gritted teeth.

I want to know what kind of person can ignore my existence over and over again.

Ah~ Now that I think about it, those behaviors back then were really too childish.

Every time I think of those days in high school.

I always laugh out loud like this.

What impressed me most was the time when my soul was taken away in my freshman year of high school.

I was abducted by that stupid prairie dog to the earth four billion years ago.

"Don't be afraid", "I'm coming"... these are the words you carved on the shadow using the shadow path at that time.

Very beautiful slim gold body.

Maybe I will never be able to forget that day in this life.

The next second. You appear in front of me like a god descending from heaven...

The top of the sky, the palm cliff.

When dawn breaks in the sky, the dawn comes.

When the first ray of sunlight hits your face.

I suddenly felt that it might be one of the most beautiful moments in my life...

Wang Ling, did you also receive the admission notice from "Zhanmen University" today?

To be honest, at the beginning I actually...didn't deliberately inquire about what kind of information you filled in.

But everyone gave me a different answer.

I know, there are a lot of them here, they are smoke bombs that you deliberately released.

I also thought about it at that time. Maybe...it's time to let go.

But I didn't expect it.

Finally, I received the same admission notice as you...

I felt inspired today.

I didn't expect to write such a long diary without realizing it.

Mainly because I want to commemorate our past.

Then look forward to our future...

No matter what happens.

Wang Ling...

This time, don't try to get rid of me again.

……

Chapter 1: Problem Girl

Wuhuang District, Food Street.

At noon in early autumn, Sun Rong came to the agreed place wearing a mask and sunglasses.

The retro building that looks like an ancient inn in front of you is the most famous soup dumpling restaurant on this food street.

Although adequate precautions had been taken, the girl's tall and graceful figure still attracted the attention of many people around her along the way.

"This girl must be a beauty! Watch me lick the screen from afar! Suck!"

"I give this leg ten points! Suck it!"

……

Ignoring the lewd looks from some passers-by, Sun Rong quickly searched with her spiritual sense after arriving at her destination.

Soon, she discovered the girl who was secretly observing her in the corner.

The girl wore a white shoulder-strap short-sleeved upper body, a short denim skirt and a pair of Crocs on the lower body.

"Sister Rongrong!"

Seeing that she was discovered, the girl immediately waved her hand.

Sun Rong stared at the girl in front of her and sighed helplessly: "Ah Nuan, you are a girl, so you have to pay attention to your image when you go out. You can easily be targeted by bad people."

"It's okay, Sister Rongrong." Wang Nuan smiled brightly, showing her cute little tiger teeth.

"no!"

Fortunately, she was prepared.

He immediately took out a thin pink jacket from the storage bag and helped the girl put it on.

"Hey, Sister Rongrong, is it necessary to be so exaggerated? Who can beat me except my brother?" Wang Nuan was never afraid of the girl's behavior.

But today she specially invited Sun Rong here because she wanted to ask for something.

So I had to put on my coat obediently and obey the girl's instructions.

"I'm worried about the bad guys who are targeting you. What if you beat them to death?"

"You actually said the same thing as my brother!"

"This is natural..."

Sun Rong shrugged helplessly and sat down on the empty seat in front of Wang Nuan. Looking at the steaming soup dumplings and tea on the dining table, she couldn't help but smile: "Tell me, why did you ask me out specially? "

Based on her understanding of Wang Nuan, she knew that there must be something fishy about being courteous for nothing.

"Eh? Are you getting to the point so quickly...don't you ask about my brother?"

"Things come to a close. It's impossible to repay a favor with information. I want to hear what you want to do with me this time before I make a decision." Sun Rong smiled.

She had grown up watching Wang Nuan and knew the girl's personality well.

"Besides, if I want to know about your brother now, I don't have to know it from your mouth."

"Hmph! Wang Ying, the traitor!" Wang Nuan pursed his lips, revealing his sharp little tiger teeth.

He immediately deduced the source of Sun Rong's information.

But unfortunately, she couldn't do anything about Wang Ying.

His brother Wang Ling was too powerful... far beyond Wang Nuan's imagination.

She was obviously the ancestor of Shadow Dao, but in the end, that man was able to restrict her abilities.

Why!

I was born ten years late, and I am really losing blood!

And Wang Nuan knew very well that such a gap could not be made up in a short while.

"Actually, it's not a big deal to find Sister Rongrong today..." Wang Nuan said tentatively.

"Huh? You want my signature again?" Sun Rong subconsciously speculated.

Completely different from Wang Ling, Wang Nuan's study is actually very problematic...

It's not that Wang Nuan is stupid, but that the little girl doesn't put her mind on studying at all.

No matter how smart a person is, if he has no intention to study, his grades will naturally not be very good.

So this is actually not the first time Sun Rong has done this.

"A little more trouble..." Wang Nuan pinched his thumb and index finger.

"Teacher looking for parents?"

"No...it's a little more troublesome..." Wang Nuan revealed the answer: "It's actually a parent-teacher meeting!"

"Well, Nuan, your request seems a bit troublesome..." Sun Rong held her forehead.

Just when he felt a headache, Wang Nuan took out his report card.

Not counting other subjects, adding up the three subjects besides Chinese and Mathematics, Wang Nuan's total score was exactly sixty points... Such an accurate combination of scores made Sun Rong indeed a rare talent.

"A Nuan, your brother was famous as a scorer back then. You wouldn't come to me to ask for help in your studies." Sun Rong stared at the report card, frowned and said, "Leng Minghe You grew up together, so it’s totally fine if he gives you extra lessons, right?”

"Studying is so boring! Where are the fun games!"

Wang Nuan showed his white teeth and smiled: "I don't want Leng Ming to teach me. He is dull and dull, just like my brother. He wants to sleep after only a few minutes of listening."

"Then there are no girls in your class with good grades who can play with you?" Sun Rong asked again.

"I have no interest in socializing with those yellow-haired girls. Only Xiaowei and I have the best time!"

"Xiaowei..." Sun Rong held her forehead again.

The Xiao Wei that Wang Nuan was talking about, whose full name was Sun Wei, was a little cousin of Sun Rong... who happened to be in the same school as Wang Nuan.

But unfortunately, Xiaowei’s results are not very good either...

When the two girls got together, they realized how much headache the head teacher was having.

"Sister Rongrong, let me tell you quietly, Xiaowei also found someone to go for her this time!" Wang Nuan chuckled.

"Who are you looking for?" Sun Rong was curious.

"I don't know yet. I'm not interested in learning more. It's better to play games! I've almost finished the new stand-alone game "The Only Koi in the World of Cultivation"!" Wang Nuan said happily.

She spent most of her energy on clearing the game with White Sheath.

The excitement of chasing the first place in the server is far greater than the excitement of being first in the exam.

"Actually, you just need to..." Sun Rong stared at Wang Nuan and hesitated.

Although Wang Nuan's grades are indeed not good now, in fact, as long as the little girl sets her mind to study for half an hour, she will not be reduced to this state.

Even Wang Nuan himself knew very well that as long as he leaned forward and crammed for a while, it would be absolutely fine to score 80 or 90 points casually.

However, the little girl always has only one reason. She feels that studying is a waste of time.

This is obviously a misconception.

However, ten-year-old children are very playful, and it is unrealistic to correct them in a short period of time. It requires long-term and patient guidance.

"Ah Nuan, it's not impossible for you to ask me to go. But you have to agree to one condition." Sun Rong calmed down, put down the report card in her hand, and looked at the little girl in front of her seriously.

"Want information about my brother?"

Wang Nuan chuckled, and started breaking the news like a machine gun: "My brother has no suspicious girls around him recently! He is in the safe period! Sister Rongrong, don't worry! There was a girl who was pestering my brother before, and I drove him away. !" At this point, the little girl put her hands on her hips and looked very proud.

"Who...who asked you this!" Sun Rong's face was hot, and she didn't know whether to laugh or cry.

Mainly because Wang Nuan spoke very loudly, which attracted the attention of many strangers in the soup dumpling restaurant, making Sun Rong blush.

"Eh? Isn't that the information?"

Wang Nuan touched his chin and thought carefully: "If Sister Rongrong has helped me so much this time, I think it should be worth 50 new pieces of information. When I collect them all, I will compile them into documents and send them to Sister Rongrong." !”

"What I want is not information..."

Sun Rong took a deep breath and looked at Wang Nuan: "If I go to the parent-teacher meeting for you, you have to promise me that you will at least pass the exam next time! Otherwise, I won't help you again in the future!"

"OK!"

To Sun Rong's surprise, the little girl agreed immediately.

"I agreed quickly..."

Sun Rong sighed and couldn't help but stretched out her hand to pinch Wang Nuan's soft face: "You are asking for trouble."

"It's okay! There is more, my sister-in-law is here!"

"Who... who is your sister-in-law..."

A short side story that follows the main plot, and is about a hundred thousand words long~

(End of chapter)





Chapter 2 Before the Parents’ Meeting


2022-04-02 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 2 Before the Parents’ Meeting

Wang Nuan's performance is indeed a headache.

Faced with such a problem, the girl knew that this parent-teacher meeting must be full of flaws.

Ah Nuan didn't dare to go to Wang's father and Wang's mother to attend, which was actually normal.

"Sister Rongrong, eat it!"

After receiving Sun Rong's affirmative reply, Nuan Yatou's mood suddenly improved.

The only food you can't live up to is the delicious food. The soup dumplings on the table were still hot. Wang Nuan stuffed his little mouth full, and when he chewed the food, his cheeks were bulging, like a little hamster.

Sun Rong immediately remembered the way Wang Ling ate crispy noodles. She couldn't help but reach out and poke Nuan Yatou's cheek: "The way you and your brother eat are exactly the same."

Before Wang Nuan could swallow her food, she stuffed a lot of soup dumplings into her mouth and said vaguely: "It doesn't mean that one family doesn't come into the same house, hehe!"

Gudong! She swallowed the food in her mouth and said, "Speaking of which, where are you and my brother now? Haven't you confirmed your relationship yet? Hey, my brother is such a stupid person. He is really causing trouble for Sister Rongrong!"

"Kid, don't mind your own business." Sun Rong smiled and scratched the girl's little nose.

She thought about everything she had experienced over the years. Falling in love with someone is also growth.

She began to learn to keep a low profile, no longer taking the family's luxury car, and later went to school alone.

You can also meet Wang Ling by chance on the way to school.

She said hello. He nodded, making her feel fulfilled that day.

She discovered that there was nothing wrong with living peacefully.

During the college entrance examination year, she also learned how to score points and tried her best to get into the same university as Wang Ling.

It's not really a prestigious school. But life here is also very fulfilling.

And the principal also takes good care of her.

because. Zhuo Yi is one of the school's principals...

She does not regret all the years of waiting and hard work.

The path of a cultivator is long.

Ten years is nothing.

Ten years is not enough, there is still a hundred years... The golden lamp monk back then told her that she needed to have enough patience.

From that moment on, the girl calmed down and prepared for a protracted war.

And she always had an intuition that the ice that had remained motionless for thousands of years might be about to warm up one day.

No. 60 Affiliated Primary School is the counterpart of No. 60 Middle School.

After No. 60 Middle School was upgraded to a key city center, construction of corresponding primary schools and middle schools was also completed every two years.

The principal of No. 60 Middle School is still Teacher Chen, while Teacher Pan and Lao Gugu were transferred to be the principals of the corresponding primary school and middle school respectively.

Sun Rong arrived at school early.

She expected that the teacher must have a lot to say. If she came too late and did not leave enough time for the teacher to express herself, I am afraid that all the bitterness would be poured out at the parent-teacher meeting.

That would be too embarrassing.

Nuan Yatou's head teacher is an old teacher named Zhuang, with a head full of white hair and a slightly fat body.

This is not the first time Sun Rong has dealt with Teacher Zhuang. The first few times Nuan Yatou was called her parents, it was always Sun Rong who came here.

"Hello, Teacher Zhuang."

Next to Teacher Zhuang's desk, Sun Rong took the initiative to say hello.

The sweet voice suddenly penetrated Teacher Zhuang's ears, and most of his anger was gone.

"Sit down, Miss Sun." Teacher Zhuang could only sigh helplessly, showing a look of resentment: "I knew that little girl Wang Nuan would come to you."

"Girl Nuan is timid and afraid of embarrassment." Sun Rong smiled sheepishly.

"The fear of embarrassment is another matter, and the timidity is something else... I don't think she is timid at all."

Teacher Zhuang smiled bitterly: "You came to me early today, maybe you know that Nuan Yatou beat up the boys in the class, right?"

"Anuan beat someone?"

Sun Rong smiled: "It's impossible, Teacher Zhuang. Although Ah Nuan is naughty and mischievous, it's absolutely impossible for her to hit anyone."

"Are you so sure?" Teacher Zhuang asked.

"Definitely." Sun Rong nodded.

nonsense……

If Wang Nuan takes action, will the boy still be alive?

"But the boy's parents clearly said..."

When Teacher Zhuang said this, he saw the middle-aged woman who had been eavesdropping in the office for a long time angrily leading a boy with panda eyes and a tiger-like head out of the office.

This boy's name is Liu Yi, and he is exactly the boy who was beaten by Wang Nuan as Teacher Zhuang said before.

"Look! What your girl has beaten my baby to!"

The middle-aged woman said angrily: "My baby's grades have always been very good! There is no way she would lie! Where is your girl? She has poor grades and likes to hit others. Such a scourge must be expelled!"

"Mom Yi, calm down first, things are not completely clear yet."

Teacher Zhuang was on the side to smooth things over.

This matter is currently just a one-sided statement from Liu Yi's mother.

Because there was no surveillance and no witnesses at the time of the incident.

When Sun Rong saw Liu Yi hiding behind her mother, looking timid, she immediately knew what had happened.

She calmed down and looked at Liu Yi: "Little friend, is your injury really caused by our Wang Nuan?"

Liu Yi was silent and just nodded.

"So little friend, can you swear? If it is a false accusation, sister can tell me. The consequences will be very serious. You may be expelled?" Sun Rong continued to smile.

"Who do you think you are!" The middle-aged woman glared at Sun Rong.

"I'm just an ordinary female college student, so of course it's nothing." Sun Rong replied.

At this time, Teacher Zhuang stood up and added with his ear next to the middle-aged woman: "His father is the largest shareholder of the 60th Department School... and also the school director."

"this……"

The middle-aged woman looked frightened.

Sun Rong was smiling. She was sitting on a chair with a serious face: "Although Ah Nuan is not good at studying, she will never hit anyone randomly. If it was Ah Nuan who hit someone, I will pay a thousand times the medical expenses, but If not, I just hope that Liu Yi can admit his mistake and the matter will be over."

After saying this, Liu Yi suddenly broke into a cold sweat.

Sun Rong played too much psychological warfare.

Although today's children mature prematurely, it may be difficult for them to withstand such psychological pressure.

In the end, Liu Yi finally told the truth: "I just... I just want to attract her attention!"

These words touched Sun Rong's heart: "So, did you inflict your injury on yourself?"

"Well..." Liu Yi blushed and nodded.

"You have the courage to admit that you are still a responsible boy." Sun Rong's voice was very gentle. She touched Liu Yi's head and spread out Olympian's sword energy to repair Liu Yi's panda eyes.

Within a few seconds, Liu Yi's panda eyes returned to their original state.

She said patiently to Liu Yi: "Even if this is the case, you have to pay attention to methods. You can't use behaviors that hurt yourself to gain attention, you know?"

In this regard, the girl feels that she still has a say.

After all, it's about getting attention...

She has so much experience!

Then, Sun Rong looked at Liu Yi's mother: "Since it's all a misunderstanding, let's forget about it."

"I'm really sorry, I didn't understand the situation clearly..."

The middle-aged woman apologized with shame on her face.

She bowed and left with Liu Yi.

At this point, the incident came to an end, and Sun Rong breathed a sigh of relief.

However, Teacher Zhuang's expression still did not relax.

Sun Rong: "Teacher Zhuang, what's wrong with you?"

Teacher Zhuang was helpless: "Actually, there is still a student's matter to deal with. It is said that he was beaten by a girl."

"Which girl?"

"Sun Wei."

"Why would Xiaowei hit someone..."

Sun Rong smiled bitterly: "Do you need me to come forward?"

"Let's take a look first. Xiaowei's parents are on the way. They will be there soon."

Here, as soon as Teacher Zhuang finished speaking, a familiar figure suddenly caught the eyes of Teacher Zhuang and Sun Rong.

The young man in front of him was wearing a white casual sweatshirt with the words "World Peace" printed on it and a pair of ripped jeans on his lower body. He walked with slender legs and groped his way into the office.

Sun Rong was surprised: "Wang Ling! Why are you here!"

(End of chapter)





Chapter 3 All for my sister


2022-04-02 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 3 All for my sister

The parent-teacher meeting is scheduled for 7 p.m.

As a result, at this juncture, Wang Ling and Sun Rong came to school early because they had to deal with the "sisters fighting" problem.

Agree to help Sun Wei hold a parent-teacher meeting.

There is a very complicated story here...Wang Ling also reluctantly agreed after struggling for a long time and seeing the collector's version of crispy noodles sent by Sun Wei.

But don't know why.

Before setting off, Wang Ling clearly felt that there was a sense of conspiracy in this parent-teacher meeting.

After the results arrived, Wang Ling finally understood...

In the office, Teacher Zhuang moved a chair for Wang Ling and placed it next to Sun Rong.

Wang Ling did not hesitate.

Sit down naturally.

In professional classes in college, Sun Rong would always calculate her position and sit next to him.

After studying together for so many years, Wang Ling has become somewhat accustomed to it.

In less than two years, they will graduate from "Zhanmen University" together.

This is a university affiliated to Zhan Zong.

Teacher Zhuang actually didn't know what the relationship was between the two young people, and didn't dare to ask more.

But from the fact that Sun Rong took the initiative to say hello, she could tell that the young man's identity must not be simple.

She didn't dare to neglect: "I'll help you pour water."

"No, thank you, teacher." Wang Ling said.

This is one of the fruits of his practice at the university.

I don't know if it's because of the expansion of his social circle, but Wang Ling's overall feeling is no longer as "autistic" as before.

He began to speak simple words.

Instead of blindly using expressions such as sound transmission.

It was the same as before, except this time a middle-aged man led a boy out from the next room.

The boy was also beaten with "panda eyes". The bruises were evenly distributed and both Wang Ling and Sun Rong were dumbfounded.

Teacher Zhuang felt that this scene was very familiar.

Because she had just met him just a few minutes ago.

So, Teacher Zhuang took a deep breath and looked at the boy in front of him: "So, did you hit yourself just to attract classmate Xiaowei's attention?"

“……”

The boy did not refute Teacher Zhuang's words.

The boy's father obviously didn't expect that his child would confess so quickly. After hurriedly apologizing to Wang Ling, he hurriedly left, leaving Teacher Zhuang wondering alone.

"It's strange. Liu Yi and Lin Xuan are usually very obedient children with very good grades. I don't know why they would behave so irrationally in order to pursue the girl they like." Teacher Zhuang frowned deeply. .

She lamented in her heart about the premature maturity of children nowadays.

With the development of the information age, the network environment has gradually become more complex, and children have more and more ways to obtain information. Precocious puberty is actually expected.

"It seems that there is really a misunderstanding this time."

Teacher Zhuang smiled bitterly and looked at Wang Ling and Sun Rong: "I'd rather trouble you two to come in person."

Wang Ling opened his mouth and was thinking of something to say.

At this time, Sun Rong answered the question directly in a tacit understanding: "Teacher Zhuang, don't be in the way, the teacher is the hardest! And our younger sister's grades don't seem to be very good. It also makes the teacher worry."

When it came to the issue of grades, Teacher Zhuang's expression suddenly changed.

She seemed to have remembered something and said suddenly: "Originally, I wanted to ask you about this after the parent-teacher meeting. But now that it has been mentioned, I have a question, and I hope you two can answer me."

"Teacher Zhuang, please tell me." Rong Sun nodded. She was fully mentally prepared. She would not be surprised no matter how low the transcript was presented by Teacher Zhuang.

"That's right. In order to investigate the truth about the fight before, I actually did some investigation in private. I found that Liu Yi, Lin Xuan, Wang Nuan and Sun Wei actually have a very good relationship with each other. You see, I There’s also a video here.”

In order to investigate the fight, Teacher Zhuang went to retrieve the surveillance cameras.

As a result, a magical scene appeared in the video that made Wang Ling and Sun Rong feel doubly magical at the same time.

They actually saw it.

Four people are studying in a small classroom...

"This is the evening nursery classroom prepared by our school, and this one is for Liu Yi. The surveillance camera in this classroom broke a long time ago. This is the only section that remains after data recovery."

Teacher Zhuang said with a smile: "From the video, it seems that Liu Yi and Lin Xuan are helping the two girls with tutoring. I feel that although the two girls are not good at studying, they still work very hard. At this parent-teacher meeting, I will Give extra praise.”

"Thank you, Teacher Zhuang. We will also keep a close eye on her studies. Nuan Yatou has promised me that she will pass the exam next time." Sun Rong replied happily.

"No need to thank me. As for grades, it's actually easy to talk about. The point is not spiritual construction. This is also the consistent purpose of our 60th Department School. Not everyone is born to learn. Even if there is something that is not good at, it will definitely be improved. Made some achievements in other aspects.”

Teacher Zhuang said with a smile and very kindly: "The parent-teacher meeting is coming soon. How about you two go to the cafeteria with me to eat?"

"all right."

Sun Rong agreed immediately.

Immediately, she looked at Wang Ling with a coquettish look: "Let's go together?"

"Yes." Wang Ling replied.

The three of them were preparing to go to the canteen together.

Before leaving, Teacher Zhuang suddenly asked a question: "This question may be a little rude, but I still want to ask, are you... boyfriend and girlfriend?"

To be honest, Teacher Zhuang has always had a feeling.

Talking from the perspective of someone who has been there.

She felt that the two of them were a perfect match.

And they are all from Zhanmen University!

This is a famous school rising in the university circle!

Although there were no other teachers in the office, this question was still asked to Sun Rong...

To be honest, she didn't know how to answer Teacher Zhuang's question.

"us……"

The girl was thinking hard about her words.

She usually reacted quickly, but now she felt like her mind was blank.

That feeling of loneliness lingered in her heart, making her overwhelmed.

At this moment, a warm hand held her, filling the hole in her heart in an instant.

The young man in front of him still had an expressionless face, but he was looking at her very seriously, looking at her face, which made her feel a little hot.

Sun Rong had never thought that a person's palm could be so hot that it could melt the person.

"Let's go." Wang Ling said.

"Okay..." Sun Rong replied.

……

This scene was all seen by Wang Nuan.

It is so convenient to use Teacher Zhuang's shadow to secretly observe what is happening in the office.

"A Nuan, how is the situation?" Sun Wei asked.

"Although it is only a small step, it is a big step for my brother's success! The battle is considered a success!" Wang Nuan said with a smile.

"Then we...are we still pretending to be poor students? We secretly help Liu Yi and Lin Xuan make up classes every day, and we deliberately do poorly in the exams. We are very tired." Sun Wei smiled bitterly.

"It's just grades. It's not the graduation stage anyway, so it doesn't matter. My brother and sister's happiness is more important, isn't it?" Wang Nuan said.

"Yes." Sun Wei nodded, unable to agree anymore.

"I knew Weiwei was the best!" Wang Nuan said and kissed Sun Wei on the cheek.

(End of chapter)





Chapter 4 Jealousy


2022-04-02 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 4 Jealousy

All cafeterias in the 60s still have a familiar taste.

Wang Ling remembered that before he graduated, Juanma finally developed all her new dishes.

It has become a great blessing for students in the 60s department.

Not only do you not have to worry about poisoning, these dishes can actually improve the physique of cultivators.

It has the functions of detoxifying, cleaning the marrow and promoting growth.

Now, Juanma's cuisine has been promoted in all schools under the 60th Department.

Wang Ling's university major course selection was: Cultivation Food Processing Technology.

Before choosing this major, Wang Ling didn't ask anyone for their opinion. He just thought that choosing this major would allow him to make better-tasting crispy noodles.

But it's a pity that after actually studying it, I discovered that this thing is completely different from what I imagined.

Because it’s just noodles and it’s not cultivation.

It cannot be regarded as cultivation food.

As for Sun Rong's university major, it was the same as Wang Ling's.

She did not investigate in advance what Wang Ling would choose, but just intuitively felt that Wang Ling would choose this.

It turns out.

She won the bet.

After coming out of Teacher Zhuang's office.

Wang Ling held Sun Rong's hand all the way without letting go.

Although Wang Ling didn't mention a word from beginning to end, Teacher Zhuang who followed behind him already understood.

She asked no more questions.

I just feel envious.

Maybe this is youth.

"Wang Ling..."

This has never happened before.

Sun Rong let Wang Ling hold her hand and followed her.

The hot temperature from your hands gradually spread to your face.

Somehow, even my nose started to feel a little sour.

She forcibly suppressed her emotions and held her breath to prevent her tears from falling.

She had been waiting for this scene for too long.

Wang Ling didn't let go of his hand until he reached the door of the cafeteria.

To be honest, his mind went blank.

I don’t know why I suddenly reached out my hand in the office.

His intuition told him that Sun Rong was feeling embarrassed because of Teacher Zhuang's sudden question.

All the way to the entrance of the cafeteria.

Although there was still no expression on his face.

But Wang Ling could still clearly feel that his heartbeat was accelerating.

There seemed to be something in the body that had been sealed for a long time being opened at this moment.

Is it because of the "Eternal Talisman"?

What on earth did that guy Wang Ming do in the talisman...

The whole journey was silent. Wang Ling never thought that the time it would take to get a meal would be so long.

About five minutes later, they each carried a tray with food and left from the window.

"Wang Ling, let's go there!" Sun Rong turned her attention to a corner and said.

Wang Ling stared at the direction of Sun Rong's gaze and frowned slightly.

It wasn't that there was anything wrong with the location, but that he found two acquaintances in the corner.

Although it was just a back view, Wang Ling could be sure from the smell that the two people were Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi.

Following Wang Ling's line of sight, Sun Rong discovered the two of them: "Eh? What a coincidence! Why are they here too..."

It's normal to feel strange about the appearance of these two couples.

For example, she and Wang Ling came here to hold a parent-teacher conference for their younger sisters.

But Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi's children are not studying in a school in the 60th Department.

So, why do you come here...

So Wang Ling and Sun Rong walked directly over with the trays, and naturally sat down in front of Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi.

"It's you."

After Liu Qingyi saw Sun Rong and Wang Ling sitting down, she directly looked at Wang Zhen.

Although they greeted each other, judging from their expressions, they were not surprised by the appearance of Sun Rong and Wang Ling.

It was as if he had known for a long time that they would come here.

"Why is master here today?" Sun Rong looked at Liu Qingyi and asked curiously.

Her intuition told her that this must not be a coincidence.

"Of course I'm here for a parent-teacher conference."

"Parent-teacher meeting???" Sun Rong was shocked.

"Yes, An Nuan asked us to help each of us hold a parent-teacher meeting for one child. It is said that the two children have a very good relationship with An Nuan, but because they did not perform well in this exam, they did not dare to let their parents attend. ”

"Did An Nuan benefit you?"

"Harm, An Nuan please us, how can we get benefits."

Wang Zhen shrugged: "Those two children have promised us that there will be no next time, and they will study hard in the future. That's why we came."

Hearing this, Wang Ling and Sun Rong understood.

From what I hear, it turns out that Ah Nuan is actually an intermediary... specially looking for second-hand parents to attend parent-teacher meetings, and there is no middleman to make the difference!

Just as Wang Ling and Sun Rong were marveling at An Nuan's miraculous operation.

Just listen to Liu Qingyi say again: "It is said that An Nuan seems to have asked someone else."

Wang Ling: "Who else?"

Liu Qingyi: "Zhuo Yi, Lord Throwing Thunder, Immortal Toya, Gu Shunzhi, Senior Jindeng and Miss Ajuan... they said they can disguise themselves and come here."

After Wang Ling heard this, he was so frightened that he almost dropped his chopsticks.

Can actually turn the parent-teacher meeting into an internal meeting of the Zhan Sect.

All I can say is that she deserves to be A Nuan...

The key is that the confidentiality measures for this matter are really done very well under An Nuan's all-round coordination.

Wang Ling seemed to be kept in the dark the whole time.

This little girl knows herself too well.

All actions were secretly planned and interlocked, and made perfect use of this newly replaced "Eternal Talisman".

This is a permanent sealing talisman that can perfectly suppress most of his power.

There are also special restrictions on "other mind communication" and "eyelid warning".

As long as Wang Ling didn't deliberately read minds, the voices of the people around him wouldn't enter his mind.

After all, Wang Ling was not a pervert, and he would not read other people's thoughts without any trouble.

All we can say is that in the final analysis, Wang Ling himself was negligent in this matter.

Arranged by An Nuan, she fell into the trap of this parent-teacher conference.

However, what exactly does An Nuan want to do...

Bring so many people together.

The atmosphere was a little awkward, and Sun Rong decided to change the topic to ease the atmosphere.

She stared at Liu Qingyi's dish: "Master's white meatballs look delicious, why aren't they in the cafeteria?"

"Azhen made me a nutritious meal for pregnant women at this time." Liu Qingyi said with a smile.

"Pregnant women... nutritious meal?"

"Yes, we are planning to have a second child, and I have just become pregnant." Liu Qing leaned on her chin and smiled: "My appetite is not very good today. If you like it, just eat it and see."

"Ah, isn't this good?"

"It's okay, they're all family members. It's a waste if Qingyi doesn't eat. Come on, I'll pick it up for you."

After Wang Zhen finished speaking, he was about to stretch out his chopsticks and put the white meatballs into Sun Rong's plate.

But as soon as the chopsticks were stretched out, for some reason, Wang Zhen suddenly felt a severe shiver running down his spine.

And soon, he discovered the origin of this cold air...

He looked at Wang Ling's hostile eyes.

His strong desire to survive prompted him to quickly retract the chopsticks he was about to extend.

Wang Zhen looked bitter and took the initiative to give up the opportunity: "Master, please..."

Wang Ling didn't move his chopsticks, but winked at the few white meatballs on Liu Qingyi's plate.

These meatballs immediately floated up, and then all of them flew onto Sun Rong's dinner plate.

Sun Rong: "Wang Ling..."

"Eat and see."

Wang Ling spoke concisely, then lowered his head and picked up the dishes on his plate.

The girl's face became hot again.

Not because of shyness.

It was because the Wang Ling in front of her seemed familiar to her, but she had never seen her before...

It's so cute!

……

To be honest, if I hadn't taken into account Sun Rong's feelings.

Liu Qingyi probably couldn't help laughing anymore.

She thought that Wang Zhen's jealousy was exaggerated enough.

Looking at the results now, it is obvious who is the jealous king.

Talisman of eternity.

This is a talisman that does not suppress emotions.

In order to allow Wang Ling to adapt, Wang Ming set up a state of slow liberation.

That's why.

Wang Ling had emotions that he had never shown in the past.

Now, as time goes by, the seal is being re-opened bit by bit...

(End of chapter)





Chapter 5 The driving force behind the scenes·Wang Nuan


2022-04-02 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 5 The driving force behind the scenes·Wang Nuan

In the center of Songhai City, in a cafe in a large shopping mall.

A long-legged young man wearing a mask and sunglasses, covering himself tightly, walked in.

He looked around, finally locked in a location, and came to a little girl to confirm the connection code.

Wang Ming: "Use one word to describe the author of "The Daily Life of the Immortal King"!"

Wang Nuan: "Short!"

Great, confirmation complete!

Wang Ming nodded with satisfaction, then sat down naturally and snapped his fingers to the waiter beside him: "A cup of coffee."

"Sir, we can DIY coffee here. What flavor do you want?"

"Take a glass of iced blue root, thank you very much!"

Waiter: "Okay...ok..."

Wang Nuan couldn't help but snicker. I'm afraid Brother Ming's bad attributes cannot be changed.

They are obviously married people!

"Where's Sister Zhai Yin?" Wang Nuan asked as she took a sip of the salty lemonade on the table.

"Today's pregnancy test, I was going to accompany her. But you suddenly called me, and Yi Zi said that she could just go by herself. You pushed me here." Wang Ming smiled bitterly.

"I'm so sorry, sister-in-law..." Wang Nuan blushed and felt a little embarrassed.

"It's okay, they are all members of the family. And she knows very well that you came to me probably because of Ling Ling's matter." Wang Ming raised his chin and said, "I heard that you played a big game of chess?"

"It's just about creating opportunities."

Wang Nuan chuckled and said, "Today's parent-teacher meeting was very lively!"

"It seems that the Eternal Talisman is very useful."

"Very powerful! My brother has already fallen into the trap!" Wang Nuan said with a smile.

"This is my work of confidence. It is very strong. As long as it sticks on, you don't need to worry about losing control. And you can use the software to automatically adjust the sealing strength. When you need strength, you can also complete the liberation."

Wang Ming said: "And the most important thing is that as long as your brother sticks it, you don't need to stick it. The Eternal Talisman will automatically form a seal based on the DNA gene chain on those who are related by blood. Of course, your Power can also be controlled through software terminals.”

"That's why I came to see Brother Ming."

At this time, Wang Nuan said seriously: "I may need to temporarily lift the restrictions. This is the last step of the big plan."

"You little girl, you really like to worry."

Wang Ming couldn't help but laugh. He stared at Wang Nuan with a deep look in his eyes: "Although you look only ten years old, I feel that you have deep thoughts. Tell me, girl, what's going on? What? You can’t lie to me.”

"It's the relationship between the shadow path and the life path..."

"So that's it." Wang Ming understood instantly: "Fate itself can only see its own state in other parallel spaces. But you have mastered the power of shadow, so you can indirectly see other people..."

Wang Nuan stuck out his tongue and muttered: "At first, I was just curious! But once I read it, it was like reading a novel, and I couldn't stop at all..."

"So, what is Ling Ling like in other parallel dimensions?"

"I've seen every thread in every universe. 33.33% of my brother died alone, 33.33% was single for a thousand years, 33.33% was arranged to go on a blind date and got married to a person who was incapable of affection..."

Wang Nuan raised her eyebrows and said, "Children are being born all over the world, but my brother is the only one with nothing..."

"His character is not surprising..."

After hearing this, Wang Ming raised his forehead together.

"You said a total of 99.99% of the situation... what about the 0.01%?"

"Well..."

Wang Nuan's face felt a little hot: "Of course I'm with Sister Rongrong!"

"The probability is so low?!" Wang Ming was surprised.

"So, you can't make mistakes in every next step. You must let my brother fully recognize himself as he gradually releases his emotions." Wang Nuan replied.

"But do you think this ending is what he wants?"

Wang Ming held his chin and thought: "And the current slow release of emotions is due to the deep depression in the past. Those emotions that have never been expressed in the past will increase stronger than normal after they are released... …Maybe it’s not his true wish.”

Wang Nuan crossed his arms and frowned: "So! Just to confirm this, I have to take the last step of the big plan! So now, I need more power!"

"Tell me, what do you want to do?" Wang Ming asked.

Compared to Wang Ling's powerful spiritual energy.

Nuan Yatou's shadow ability is actually more gentle. As long as it is carefully controlled, even if it is fully released, there will be no accidents in the short term.

But in order to avoid unexpected situations, such as the earth blowing up again...

Wang Ming felt that it would be better if he fully understood the whole plan.

"That is, create a new earth." Wang Nuan's words were concise and to the point.

"Are you really going to blow up the earth?" Wang Ming was startled.

At this time, the waiter from the previous coffee shop came over with coffee: "Sir...your variegated root latte."

He actually didn't hear very clearly.

But Wang Ming's words "You really want to blow up the earth" almost made him knock over his coffee cup in shock.

Then, the waiter glanced at the cousin duo who were plotting with a very strange look, then put down the coffee and left with a suspicious look on his face.

"It's not that it blew up, it's just that the civet cat was replaced by the prince..."

It wasn't until the waiter completely left that Wang Nuan spoke to Wang Ming in a low voice.

Fortunately, she was prepared.

He immediately took out a fully written plan from his pink schoolbag that looked like a treasure chest: "This is my plan."

"The preparation is quite detailed."

Wang Ming curled his lips and immediately saw the title at the top of the plan: "The Last Light Breaking Through the Shadows"

"A Nuan...are you writing a romance novel?"

Wang Ming couldn't help but laugh.

He glanced at the plan roughly, and then his expression gradually became serious: "Nuan, I think it would be better if we change the place to talk."

"Agree." Wang Nuan nodded and stood up with his schoolbag on his back.

She glanced at the weird-looking coffee shop waiter over there: "How to deal with this person?"

Wang Ming whispered in his ear: "I raise my hand, you raise your leg..."

Wang Nuan: "Are you going to kill me? Brother Ming, you are so cruel!"

"Just kidding..."

Wang Ming: "Just use the amnesia technique."

“……”

The waiter stood very far away, and actually couldn't hear what Wang Nuan and the others were saying.

However, he could feel that there seemed to be a particularly eye-catching word "danger" hanging above his head...

……

At the same time, facing the night.

The parent-teacher conference of No. 61 Affiliated Primary School is about to begin.

Each class has its own small auditorium for parent-teacher conferences.

After dinner in the cafeteria, Wang Ling and Sun Rong arrived early under the guidance of Teacher Zhuang.

They chose a corner seat. Wang Ling stepped aside and let Sun Rong sit inside.

Among the parents who entered the scene one after another, a dark-skinned young man spotted Sun Rong as soon as he entered the room. ,

He walked over quickly and touched his head: "Hello, which classmate's parent are you...why haven't I seen you before?"

"Ah, I'm here to hold the meeting on your behalf." Sun Rong responded with an awkward yet polite smile.

"What a coincidence, me too!" The young man felt that he had found a topic.

This is the skill of striking up a conversation.

In occasions like parent-teacher conferences, as long as you have skills, you can also strike up a conversation smoothly.

And this is one of the purposes of his coming to the parent-teacher meeting this time.

He saw Rong Sun at a glance and judged from her age that Rong Sun was most likely here to hold the parent-teacher conference. After all, it was rare for such a young and beautiful girl to have such a perfect figure and have children.

"So after the parent-teacher meeting, do you have time to go... have a cup of tea?"

The dark-skinned young man approached with an attentive look and wanted to sit down next to Sun Rong.

Seeing this, Wang Ling moved to take the position first.

At the same time, she looked at him with a somewhat cold gaze and replied: "No."

……

This young man is a little angry.

According to the normal script, he should have replied: "None of your business."

Then find a place to ask Wang Ling for a duel.

But he looked at Wang Ling's eyes full of hostility.

The trembling feeling in his heart finally made his mind go blank.

The young man couldn't find any words to refute.

The great pressure from his soul forced him to resign.

Finally, he found a seat far away from Wang Ling and sat down, not even daring to look at Wang Ling.

"Is it this inexplicable emotion again..." Wang Ling muttered in his heart.

A sudden emotion.

This has never happened before.

He didn't know where his anger came from.

In other words, it's not anger at all, but a sense of irritability.

Especially when you see someone approaching a girl with a purpose, this feeling of irritation will become particularly intense.

He had never been like this before.

There is no particular emotion about almost anything.

So gradually, he became numb.

Because of this, Monk Jindeng once jokingly asked him to convert to Buddhism.

The monk began to say to him: For a strong man, extra emotions are just a burden.

Later, he changed his mind: For a strong person, he is able to face his own emotions.

Wang Ling didn't know why Monk Jindeng's attitude changed before and after.

But from that time on, Wang Ling knew that Buddha... seemed to be contradictory.

After about a few minutes, Liu Qingyi and Wang Zhen were the first to enter from the entrance.

This was the first group to arrive from Zhan Zong.

According to the information previously obtained from the canteen, there is...

The two of them naturally walked to the row behind Wang Ling and Sun Rong and sat down.

After the meeting in the cafeteria, there is still some time before the parent-teacher conference.

Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi left first. They said they were going for a walk and then stopped by a convenience store to buy something to drink.

"Master Ling, Miss Sun Rong, I bought a drink, do you want to drink it?"

Wang Zhen handed Wang Ling two bottles of happy water, but these two bottles of happy water were different from ordinary happy water.

It is also the legendary "Wang Ling Exclusive Edition".

Because Happy Water has the flavor of pepper noodles, which tastes the same as dry noodles.

This is a drink that Mr. Sun asked the beverage company under the Huaguo Water Curtain Group to develop after he learned about Wang Ling's hobby of eating crispy noodles.

Although the taste sounds weird, it sells surprisingly well.

At first, many network anchors rushed to try the "canned herring" with the mentality of trying it out, planning to make funny videos, which caused a trend.

Surprisingly, it tasted pretty good!

After taking the drink, Wang Ling naturally loosened the bottle cap, handed it to Sun Rong, and then opened his own bottle.

Sun Rong didn't even react to this move.

"Hey, it looks like we're about to leave."

Liu Qingyi couldn't help but smile in her heart, observing the reaction of the girl in the front seat who blushed and sipped her drink.

"Qingyi, what are you drinking?"

After bribing Wang Ling, Wang Zhen turned to look at Liu Qingyi.

"Soy milk," Liu Qingyi replied.

"Okay." Wang Zhen took the initiative to hand it over.

Liu Qingyi rolled her eyes: "Unscrew..."

“……”

Wang Zhen was shocked by the comparison between women.

Then, he finished twisting the soy milk bottle and handed it to Liu Qingyi: "That's all."

Liu Qingyi smiled with satisfaction, then pretended to be disappointed, staring at the back of Sun Rong's head: "Why does the same action of twisting the bottle cap make the real person so handsome... Hey, what a good boy, I don't know Who will be cheaper in the future?”

"Ahem..."

Hearing this, Sun Rong choked hard.

Liu Qingyi said this originally because she wanted to understand Wang Ling.

It turned out that this was where the king's order was supposed to react, but there was no reaction at all.

She couldn't help but feel a little strange when she looked at Wang Ling Gujing Wubo's face.

Because Sun Rong choked, the stains from her drink dripped onto her clothes.

There is a speech segment at the parent-teacher meeting, and if your clothes are not neat and tidy, you will probably make a joke...

Of course, the most important thing is that she wants to find a place to calm down.

To actually choke in front of Wang Ling...it's so embarrassing!

"I...I'll go to the bathroom and change my clothes. I'll be back soon." Sun Rong stood up and said with a blushing face.

She has a portable wardrobe at her fingertips, making it easy to change clothes.

Each row of seats in the small auditorium is very spacious, much wider than a movie theater. Wang Ling didn't have to move at all for Sun Rong to pass through the aisle.

When she walked directly in front of Wang Ling, Sun Rong suddenly felt a force pushing her.

She was puzzled that no one was sitting in the front row!

so! Why was he pushed? !

However, everything happened so suddenly that the girl had no time to react, so she threw herself into Manchu's arms.

They were too close to each other at that moment of falling.

So close that you can hear each other's breathing...

"Ah...sorry!"

She stood up suddenly, blushing horribly, and felt that the steam that had not come out of her ears for a long time was about to come out again.

Blood circulates in the body at high speed.

Everything that happened today made the girl feel overwhelmed.

First, he was tricked by his younger sister to attend the parent-teacher meeting and met Wang Ling.

Then in the cafeteria, he met Wang Ling, whom he had never seen before.

Immediately afterwards, he was "attacked from both sides" in the small auditorium.

It can be said that there is a wolf in front and a tiger in the back.

The tiger behind is Liu Qingyi.

But the wolf in front...

Sun Rong had no time to think carefully about who it was.

"I...I'll be back soon..."

When Liu Qingyi saw the girl fleeing from the auditorium, her shy reaction was very much like her own.

Ten seconds later.

In order to test the microphone, Teacher Zhuang walked up to the stage and started shouting into the microphone.

She tried shouting twice: "Hey, hey, hey..."

I was just about to give an "OK" gesture to the tuning teacher in the studio built into the small auditorium.

As a result, at this moment, an accident suddenly occurred.

"Dong...dong...dong...dong..."

A rhythmic, muffled sound like a drum suddenly sounded in the small auditorium.

The sound was so loud that people couldn't find their way around for a while.

"Where is the sound?" Teacher Zhuang looked confused.

"It's not our problem here."

The teacher in the studio also spread his hands: "Could it be the children in the rehearsal hall upstairs who are playing the drums? Our auditorium is located just below the rehearsal hall. It is said that the new Zhentian Drum purchased in the rehearsal hall has a loud sound. .The soundproofing facilities are not up to par.”

"That's it..."

Teacher Zhuang sighed helplessly: "Then let me go and communicate. We are about to start here, so let them stop for a while."

After saying that, Teacher Zhuang apologized to the parents who had come to the scene, saying that there would be a five-minute delay, and then hurriedly left the auditorium.

After leaving, Wang Ling quickly stood up.

"Where is Master Ling going?" Wang Zhen looked at Wang Ling's unruffled face.

"Bathroom." Wang Ling replied.

He felt that he needed to calm down.

Because this is not the sound of drumming in a rehearsal hall at all.

It's him, the heartbeat of his heart is racing...

(End of chapter)





Chapter 6 The wind is blowing


2022-04-02 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 6 The wind is blowing

A parent-teacher meeting went on until nine o'clock in the evening without realizing it.

When it was time to leave, Wang Ling still didn't come back.

Looking at the empty seat next to her, the uneasy thoughts in the girl's heart arose again.

"I haven't been back for so long. What's going on with the real person?" Liu Qingyi frowned and looked at Wang Zhen: "Is there any alcohol in the drink you just drank?"

"No, I paid special attention when I bought it." Wang Zhen replied.

Alcohol can amplify emotions, and Eternal Talisman plus alcohol is like soaking a Mentos in Coke... terrible things will happen.

Wang Ming specifically explained this when he designed the Eternal Talisman.

Fortunately, Wang Ling didn't have the habit of drinking.

For so many years, I haven’t even smoked a cigarette.

He was not affected by the genes of a heavy smoker like Dad Wang.

"It will be fine. If you are really worried, go and look for it. I can feel that Master Ling's aura is still in the school." Liu Qingyi patted Sun Rong on the shoulder and said.

"kindness."

The girl almost rushed out of the door and left, looking for Wang Ling's location.

Seeing Sun Rong leaving in a hurry, a young man from the front who had specially changed his face using the shape-shifting technique came over and asked, "How is Master's situation?"

This voice is none other than Zhuo Yi's voice.

Although the visitor disguised himself as something no one had seen before, the curls on his head still gave him away.

"It feels like we're just one step away." Wang Zhen said with a raised eyebrow.

"It's a pity. There were many routines planned for the parent-teacher meeting. I have already agreed with Teacher Zhuang. Who knew that Master would not be present at the critical moment." Zhuo Yi smiled helplessly.

This parent-teacher meeting is actually a prepared routine

In the final draw of the parent-teacher conference, many VIP hospitality tickets for two people would have been given away.

Those are great places to date.

According to the original plan, these gifts would be drawn by Sun Rong herself, and then all of them would be drawn by Wang Ling.

Because the prizes are all determined by default.

Who knows now, something unexpected happened midway.

When the original recipient of the award is not present, those hospitality coupons and the like can only be given to other people in vain.

In fact, Zhuo Wei had already expected that something like this might happen.

Choose to escape.

Indeed, he has the usual demeanor of his master...

But now, with the Eternal Talisman gradually releasing emotions.

How long can this kind of escape last?

"Ling Zhenren will understand."

Liu Qingyi touched her big belly and couldn't help but smile.

"I feel like I'm about to give birth." Zhuo Yi looked at Liu Qingyi with a little envy in his eyes.

"Yes, it's only a few days."

Liu Qingyi said, then she raised her eyes and looked at Zhuo Yi: "Aren't you going to get one?"

"Yes, A, I'm sorry." Zhuo Yi spread his hands.

"Be careful not to let your wife hear it..." These words made Wang Zhen shudder.

Wang Zhen now fully understands the difference between getting married and not getting married, and the difference between having children and not having children.

To sum it up in one sentence.

The desire to survive will become stronger and stronger...

"You're kidding." Zhuo Yi said softly with a bitter look on his face: "I dare to say it here... How dare I go home? Tiandao Durian is always waiting for me."

"Jiugong is a good girl, you have to be nice to others."

Liu Qingyi said: "And I am reminding you that you'd better get one quickly... As far as I know, that green-haired dog is starting to prepare for pregnancy."

"Loopy Ha? When did it have a partner..." Zhuo Yi was shocked.

He is busy with official duties, and rarely pays much attention to the emotional status of other people except for his master's emotional life.

"Not only do I have one, but she's also a blonde! She said she was inspired by you and Jiugong and planned to have a mixed-race baby."

“……”

……

On the other side, after leaving the small auditorium, the girl began to calculate Wang Ling's location.

Based on her understanding of the man, she walked directly up the steps of the teaching building almost intuitively.

And finally found Wang Ling huddled up in a ball on the rooftop of the teaching building...

The situation seemed to be a bit wrong: "Wang Ling...how are you?"

She quickly moved over.

I found that Wang Ling seemed to be very red, and his whole body was red.

He just hugged his legs, buried his face deeply in it, and said nothing.

She looks like a girl who has been wronged in some way.

Sun Rong couldn't help but want to laugh because she saw another Wang Ling whom she had never seen before.

However, now was obviously not the time to make fun of Wang Ling.

"This is……"

At this time, Sun Rong discovered the two cans of drinks placed at the young man's feet.

It says "Dry Crispy Noodles Flavored Fermented Drink"...

“……”

Isn’t this just wine?

So Wang Ling is drunk?

She knew that young people on earth never smoked or drank alcohol, but she never imagined that they could drink like this from an alcoholic drink.

"Wang Ling... Wang Ling... wake up..."

Under the soft call, the young man who buried his face deep in his thigh seemed to finally be awakened to some consciousness.

Immediately, the girl reached out and touched his forehead.

The hot temperature transmitted from her fingertips made her quickly retract her fingers.

"So hot..."

She had never encountered such a situation before, and for a moment Sun Rong felt a little overwhelmed.

In the hand with slender finger bones, a warm blue aura surged.

The girl tried to use Ohai's power combined with the "cooling technique" to calm the increasingly burning problems in the young man.

A stream of steam comes out...

However, this level of cooling seemed to have no effect on Wang Ling at all.

"It's useless." At this time, Ohai's voice came from the void.

She manifested her figure behind Sun Rong, wearing a gorgeous blue evening dress, and the beautiful skirt automatically swayed gently without wind.

"Ohai, what should we do now! We have to think of a way..."

"Fortunately, he didn't drink much. Just let him calm down naturally."

Ohai's voice is cold and has the temperament of an icy beauty.

"Naturally calm?"

"Yes, it would be better if you keep a little distance from him now."

"But is it really okay to just leave it alone..."

Sun Rong stood up and took a few steps back, doubtful.

"The temperature on Ling Zhenren's body only rises after you get closer." Ohai said.

"Because...me?"

"Haven't you noticed yet, Rongrong? Master Ling is in love."

"In love? With whom..."

After Ohai finished speaking, the girl who had always reacted quickly suddenly became a little slow.

It took her some time to fully digest these words.

The temperature on his face also rose rapidly, and he squatted on the ground with a red face.

The bright moonlight shines on the men and women several positions apart.

At this time, the campus rooftop under night.

All that is left is the blowing evening breeze, the hot face and the heaving heart...

Ohai stared at the full moon in the sky and couldn't help but sigh in his heart.

"The wind has finally picked up..."

(End of chapter)





Chapter 7 Eternal Youth


2022-04-02 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 7 Eternal Youth

On the rooftop of the campus, Wang Ling's temperature finally dropped after an unknown amount of time passed.

The scorching heat in the air gradually dissipated, but Wang Ling still didn't wake up.

It looks like...

Not completely sober yet, but probably asleep.

Wang Ling's face was slightly red and his sleeping face was peaceful.

In a daze, Sun Rong thought of the sleeping face of a young boy she had seen in high school.

She suddenly realized that Wang Ling's face... was still the face of the boy she knew.

Although they have grown up now, and Wang Ling is taller than before, his youthful appearance has not changed, but it still plays with the heartstrings deep in her heart.

There have been several times.

Sun Rong once thought about whether she was too persistent.

Maybe sometimes, it’s okay to let go.

However, every time when she wanted to give up waiting, the words Monk Jindeng gave her could always linger in her mind at the right time.

So she thought.

Then, wait a little longer.

Again, wait a minute...

But this is the last time.

Really, this is the last time...

Sun Rong remembered that she was warning herself in her heart every time.

If you haven't succeeded before a certain point in time, it's better to give up.

The countless "last times" that echoed in her mind were finally broken by her own hands.

Recalling the time when Wang Ling was invited to the Xiao family compound.

Speaking of which, she was more curious about her feelings for Wang Ling at that time.

But until this moment, this situation was like this.

Sun Rong just realized that with the passage of time and accumulation.

Maybe he likes Wang Ling more than he thought.

Because this is the "boy" she likes.

Also, the eternal "boy".

After taking the initiative to get closer, Sun Rong found that Wang Ling's body temperature did not rise again due to her own reasons, and secretly breathed a sigh of relief.

Perhaps now, the sun has not officially risen yet.

But now, Sun Rong has definitely felt the dawn that she has been waiting for for a long time.

"Idiot Wang Ling..."

Touching Wang Ling's cheek, the smile on Sun Rong's face already overflowed.

Wang Ling's emotions have been suppressed by the old talisman. Now, under the influence of the eternal talisman, they are released little by little...

The girl realized that she was not restraining herself.

At this moment, she held Wang Ling's face and felt the warmth coming from the young man's cheeks.

He leaned forward gently and placed a kiss on the boy's forehead.

Everything seems so natural.

Wait until you come to your senses.

Only then did Sun Rong realize that she had just done something terrible, and her whole body felt hot.

She couldn't help it just now,

Attacked a drunk person...

"I guess Ling Zhenren won't remember what happened after he wakes up. The sword master can feel free to do strange things boldly."

Ohai said in a calm voice: "Of course, I didn't see anything. It was nothing, I didn't hear anything."

When Sun Rong turned around, she found Ohai covering her eyes and her body became even hotter: "I...I didn't do anything weird to Wang Ling..."

"What about that kiss just now?"

"You really saw it after all!"

"Sorry." Ohai put down his hand: "I thought it would be the next step. After all, Miss Ying was like that at that time."

“……”

After hearing this, Sun Rong felt shy and funny.

Why……

It's all because of that damn girl Ying'er, who made Ohai's understanding of his master so weird.

"What is the sword master going to do now?" At this time, Ohai asked.

"Of course, send Wang Ling home first."

As Sun Rong spoke, she leaned down and prepared to help Wang Ling get up.

"Want to help?" Ohai asked.

"No, I'll do it myself."

She stepped forward and carried Wang Ling on her back like a woman.

"So heavy... obviously so thin..."

The incredible weight surprised Sun Rong.

"With a real person's strength, it's normal to be a little heavier. This is the weight after the Eternal Talisman has suppressed it." Ohai smiled softly: "Sword Master, are you sure you don't want my help?"

"No!" Sun Rong declined.

On the way back to Wang Ling's house at night.

She felt the weight behind her and felt a sense of satisfaction in her heart.

Now, what she is carrying on her back.

It’s not just the heavy Wang Ling...

It's also hers, the whole world.

……

At the door of Wang Ling's house, the door god of the villa automatically opened the door when he saw that the person coming was Sun Rong.

"It's the breath of Ling Ling and Rongrong!"

Wang's father and mother heard the noise and ran downstairs.

The couple were stunned by the scene in front of them.

I saw Sun Rong walking in from the door with Wang Ling on her back.

"Drunk? What the hell, when did Ling Ling learn to drink?" Dad Wang was stunned and subconsciously stepped forward to take Wang Ling over.

"It's okay, uncle, I'll do it. Wang Ling is quite heavy. You probably won't be able to carry it." Sun Rong smiled, with a very relaxed expression on her face.

"What's going on?" Wang Ma was curious: "Ling Ling should know that he can't drink..."

"It's a dry fermented noodle drink... He didn't know it contained alcohol. He drank several cans in a row."

After Sun Rong finished speaking, the couple couldn't laugh or cry.

She carried Wang Ling up the stairs and arrived at Wang Ling's bedroom smoothly.

After putting Wang Ling on the bed, he covered him with a quilt, then quickly turned off the lights and left.

There was no sloppiness in the whole process.

After doing all this, the girl breathed a sigh of relief.

In front of Father and Mother Wang, she still had to appear more reserved...

"Hey, thank you for your hard work Rongrong, I've caused you trouble!"

At the door of the room, Wang Ma had an apologetic expression on her face: "But having said that, where did Ling Ling go tonight? Why did he meet Rongrong?"

So far, Father and Mother Wang don’t know about the parent-teacher conference...

I didn't even know that this girl had such a cunning plan to turn the entire parent-teacher association into a sorority within the Zhan Sect.

"It just happened to happen..." Sun Rong smiled awkwardly.

She promised Wang Nuan that she would not mention the parent-teacher conference to outsiders, and of course she would not speak carelessly.

Realizing that if she continued to stay here, the entire parent-teacher meeting might be exposed, Sun Rong felt that it would be better for her to leave as soon as possible.

At this time, she looked at Father and Mother Wang: "Well, uncle and aunt, I will leave first."

"Shall I give it to you?"

Wang Ma was a little worried when she saw Sun Rong leaving alone.

"No need, Auntie!" Sun Rong smiled and said, "I can just go back by myself."

"Then you must be careful when you go back by yourself. There have been a lot of perversions recently at night..." Wang Ma was worried.

Hearing this, Father Wang was speechless for a while: "..."

This girl can memorize the orders... Ten thousand of those perverts might not be enough for this girl to fight!

"Don't worry, Auntie, I will send you a message when I get back." Sun Rong replied thoughtfully.

Just about to open the door and leave.

At this time, a soft and soft voice behind her suddenly called her out: "Sister Rongrong."

Ah Nuan?

Sun Rong turned around and saw Wang Nuan standing on the second floor looking at her.

"What's wrong with Ah Nuan?" Sun Rong asked.

"Don't leave, sister Rongrong. We'll stay here tonight." Wang Nuan said.

"Live...live here..." Sun Rong was suddenly stunned.

"Yes! Sleep with me!" Wang Nuan said with a smile.

(End of chapter)





Chapter 8 Bring you to my brother’s dream


2022-04-02 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 8 Bring you to my brother’s dream

Speaking of which, it seems that this is not the first time that the girl has spent the night in the Wang family's villa.

The last time I had a sleepover happened during my freshman year...

But it was an accident.

Due to overtraining, she suddenly fainted during the visit, so Father Wang moved Sun Rong to Wang Ling's bed to rest.

At that time, Wang Ling happened to not be at home.

So Rong Sun fell asleep on Wang Ling's bed all night and didn't wake up until the next morning.

Although this happened six or seven years ago, it is still a long time ago.

But this matter still lingered in Sun Rong's heart.

Even now when I think about it, my heart beats faster.

Seeing the girl's hesitant look, the couple in pajamas looked at each other tacitly.

Then he quickly started his performance.

"Hey, let's take a look at each of you. Let Rongrong decide for herself. Don't embarrass her."

"Go! Go! Go."

Mother Wang pushed Father Wang away, walked over and pulled Sun Rong in: "Don't listen to your uncle's nonsense. It's getting late now. You go back alone. I'm worried about your safety."

Sun Rong smiled bitterly: "Actually, nothing will happen to me..."

"Of course I'm not concerned about your safety, Rongrong, but about the safety of others. It's going to be Chinese New Year soon, and it's not good to see too much blood."

Wang Ma said earnestly: "If you strike with the sword, all those bad guys will be reduced to scum, and it will also bring a lot of trouble to the forensic comrades' identification work! How about just staying for one night? Sleep with Ah Nuan, and eat. Go back after breakfast.”

Sun Rong thought about it carefully and felt that it was too much to refuse, so she nodded and agreed: "Okay... I will listen to auntie!"

During the whole process, Wang Nuan was watching the show on the second floor.

It's an old routine that one of Wang's father and Wang's mother plays the bad guy and the other plays the bad guy. She has long been used to it.

Then the couple hurried back to their bedroom on the third floor.

It is enough for Wang Nuan to handle the rest.

Although this girl is small, she is a ghost! Maybe it can help Wang Ling and Sun Rong go further.

And if the two of them interfere too much, they will easily get in the way.

"You said... Ling Ling is drunk now, will he..."

"What are you thinking about? Our son is also a reserved person. He won't wake up even if the sky falls after drinking. In this state, at least he won't wake up until tomorrow morning." Dad Wang said.

"Ling Ling has drank before?"

"You forgot about licking the lids of wine bottles when you were a kid."

"Oh...right!"

Wang Ma suddenly understood and couldn't help laughing: "I also said at the time that my family's lingling was very good at ventriloquism!"

"Shh! Keep your voice down...Rongrong is at home! It's not good for a girl to hear it."

Father Wang smiled meaningfully.

Most of the bedside conversations between this couple are idle talk and jokes.

The sound insulation of Wang's villa is indeed very good.

The two people said that their voices were not particularly loud and should not be heard under normal circumstances.

However, what neither Father Wang nor Mother Wang expected was this.

The realms of Wang Nuan and Sun Rong are indeed high.

The two girls didn’t eavesdrop on purpose...

It's just that Wang Nuan's bedroom is just above the master bedroom where Wang's father and mother live on the third floor.

Their hearing is really too sensitive.

"Hey, Sister Rongrong, do you understand my pain now?" Wang Nuan looked helpless.

"Well..." Sun Rong.

However, Sun Rong actually thought it was okay.

As long as you distract yourself and concentrate on other things, you won't hear the noise upstairs.

"Sister Rongrong, this is yours." Wang Nuan helped Sun Rong prepare the dental kit.

After Sun Rong took it, she felt something was wrong with the dental equipment: "A Nuan, did you take it by mistake? This dental cup and toothbrush seem to have been used..."

"Oh, you discovered it!" Wang Nuan stuck out his tongue, pretending to be shocked.

"Could this be..." Sun Rong thought of something immediately, and her face turned red again.

"Yes, it's what my brother uses." Wang Nuan said calmly.

"I...how can I use Wang Ling's things..."

"Okay, Sister Rongrong, I won't tease you anymore." Wang Nuan chuckled, and then put on new toiletries for Sun Rong.

While Sun Rong was brushing her teeth, Nuan Yatou was looking at her with her arms folded, looking like a little kid.

While rinsing his mouth, Wang Nuan suddenly asked a question: "Sister Rongrong, you said that when a couple kisses, they don't feel dirty. Why do you have to separate the toothbrushes when brushing your teeth?"

"..." After hearing this, Sun Rong choked and almost swallowed the mouthwash in her mouth.

She heard it.

Nuan Yatou is connoting herself.

I suddenly felt in my heart that today's primary school students are too premature.

After a simple shower, Wang Nuan gave Sun Rong a new set of pajamas. Sun Rong recognized them at a glance: "Isn't this Wang Ling's White Rabbit pajamas?"

"Don't worry, sister Rongrong. My mother knows that my brother likes this, so she bought several sets for my brother to keep. This set is new and my brother has never worn it." Wang Nuan said with a bad smile: "Still, If you want to wear something that your brother has worn, I will go steal one for you..."

"Don't... I didn't think so..." Faced with Wang Nuan, Sun Rong always felt like she couldn't argue.

This girl really sees everything so clearly, as if she can look directly into people's hearts.

There are always some questions that make people want to have to explain, but it seems very embarrassing to explain.

After the washing work was completed, it was already 11 o'clock in the evening.

Sun Rong put on the White Rabbit one-piece pajamas and lay on the bed with Wang Nuan.

When she was washing up earlier, the little girl's noisy energy seemed to have been exhausted, but now when she was lying on the bed, she had no words at all.

But in fact, Sun Rong had always had a feeling.

This was the reason why she agreed to stay one night.

On the one hand, it is indeed difficult to reject such hospitality.

On the other hand, I also vaguely felt that something was wrong with this little girl, and she might want to say something to herself.

However, after lying on the bed, Wang Nuan was speechless, which made Sun Rong look a little helpless.

She had no choice but to turn sideways, pointed at Wang Nuan's side, and asked softly: "A Nuan? You must not be sleeping yet... You want to keep me here specifically, do you want to say something to me?"

For a long time, Wang Nuan didn't reply.

Sun Rong thought that Wang Nuan might have fallen asleep, so she thought that maybe she was thinking too much.

As a result, at this moment, Nuan Yatou's voice suddenly sounded again, with a serious tone in her voice: "Sister Rongrong, do you really like my brother that much..."

"like……"

"Then what will you do if my brother disappears one day?"

"I will wait until he comes back." Sun Rong answered calmly.

But in fact.

My heart is trembling.

"I see."

Wang Nuan closed his eyes again.

Reaffirming the girl's intentions is also part of her big plan that she is about to implement.

It's just that this plan hasn't started so soon.

These questions made Sun Rong feel like a completely different kind of warm girl.

She didn't know what the little girl was planning, but one thing was certain, A Nuan was definitely not as simple as she seemed.

This is Sun Rong's own intuition.

And her intuition has always been accurate.

"Ah, yes, Sister Rongrong."

After asking a few serious questions, Wang Nuan's voice became lively again.

And this is the warm girl that Sun Rong usually knows.

Wang Nuan: "Do you want to see what my brother is dreaming about now?"

At this time, Wang Nuan also turned around and looked at Sun Rong with wide eyes.

The two women faced each other under the covers.

Sun Rong was curious: "Wang Ling's dream?"

"My brother used to sleep lightly or not sleep at all. Now that he has the Eternal Talisman, he can enter deep sleep without any problem. Naturally, his dreams are more colorful."

Wang Nuan narrowed his eyes and smiled: "If necessary, I can take you directly into my brother's dream."

(End of chapter)





Chapter 9 Confession in a Dream


2022-04-02 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 9 Confession in a Dream

Sun Rong became more and more certain that the quirky little girl in front of her must be planning something secretly.

She looked at Wang Nuan in shock, and quickly sat up straight: "Can you still enter your brother's dream?"

The Eternal Talisman has a linkage mechanism, which is an automatic suppression based on the DNA gene chain.

As long as the main symbol is on. Even if Wang Nuan doesn't wear any talismans, his abilities will be limited.

Therefore, theoretically, it is impossible for Wang Nuan to enter Wang Ling's dream.

But obviously, the little girl in front of him was prepared.

Wang Nuan chuckled: "Well, Sister Rongrong, just leave it alone."

Because the big plan was about to be realized, she had already colluded with Wang Ming when they were in the coffee shop.

In the past few days, Wang Ming will temporarily turn off the DNA linkage control system.

However, there is also a time limit for this. For safety reasons, Wang Nuan will gradually restore his original power in the future and eventually reach the current peak.

Although there are currently not many liberated forces.

But to enter my brother's dream...

These powers are enough.

You must know that the "Eternal Talisman" suppresses 99% of my brother's power.

"I understand, you just took the opportunity to bully your brother." Sun Rong smiled.

I think these siblings are so cute.

"No way!" Wang Nuan looked a little aggrieved.

But soon, the little girl couldn't help but raise the corners of her mouth crazily, revealing her beautiful little tiger teeth: "Hum, ever since I was a child, my brother and I have been suppressed even with Fu Zhuan. But I still can't beat him. "

"Girl Nuan, you were born 16 years later than him...you started late."

Sun Rong pinched Wang Nuan's little face which was not very fat but a little fleshy.

"So today I finally have this opportunity to bully my brother, isn't it great? And Sister Rongrong must also want to know what a wood like my brother dreams about, right?" Wang Nuan blinked her little eyes. With Sun Rong.

Although the girl was indeed a little curious, she still vaguely felt that there was a "conspiracy" in it.

If you want to bully your brother, then go do it yourself...

Why are you dragging me along?

Now, Wang Nuan's strength has gradually been re-liberated, and naturally he has heard Sun Rong's voice.

The little girl thought very quickly and immediately found an excuse: "I can only take you, Sister Rongrong, with me! If only I go, it will be bad if my brother finds out! With you here, he won't bully me!" "

"He won't bully you..."

Sun Rong smiled bitterly: "But okay, I will go with you."

She wanted to see what kind of tricks Nuan Yatou was playing.

"What do you need me to do?" At this time, Sun Rong asked.

"You don't need to do anything. Just lie down flat! Then I will put the guard on Sister Rongrong's belly!" Wang Nuan said.

"Yes, I understand." Sun Rong nodded.

"Is Sister Rongrong ready?"

"Ready!"

Then, the girl felt a cold little hand suddenly come out from the side and touched her body, and she immediately became shy: "Nuan, please don't touch..."

"Sorry, it's a bit dark and I didn't find the right location."

Sun Rong: "..."

This girl definitely did it on purpose!

After Wang Nuan's hand readjusted its position.

Rong Sun suddenly felt a warm power surge from her abdomen.

Immediately afterwards, a strong wave of tiredness came over me.

When her consciousness was reorganized, she had arrived in a whole new world...

……

In front of me, the colorful world and all the beautiful things are like those scenes seen in fairy tales.

Although it was a dream, Sun Rong felt that everything seemed so real. She could even smell the fragrance of flowers in the air and... a smell of pepper noodles mixed in it.

"As expected of Wang Ling." Sun Rong laughed.

Needless to say, she already knew the source of the smell.

It should have floated out from the canteen inside.

But then again, Wang Ling's dream turned out to be a place... similar to an amusement park?

Sun Rong looked around.

Then she was surprised to find that the layout of this amusement park seemed surprisingly similar to the "Xiao Family Courtyard".

"These are just appearances." At this time, Wang Nuan's voice sounded in Sun Rong's mind.

"A Nuan? Where are you? Why didn't I see you?" Sun Rong asked.

"Now I'm disguised as Sister Rongrong's shadow." Wang Nuan said.

"That's it." Sun Rong nodded, and then tried to differentiate her spiritual consciousness.

However, the girl found that her mind was completely blank, and all her abilities seemed to be unusable.

"It's useless. This is my brother's dream. It's not easy for me to come in. I can't bring my abilities in reality into this place," Wang Nuan said.

"This is Wang Ling's dream, but I didn't see Wang Ling. You just said that this is the surface, so does that mean there is a deeper space?" Sun Rong asked.

"That's right."

Wang Nuan nodded and sighed: "My brother is a person who likes to hide himself very much. But I can't find the door leading to the depths, so I can only rely on Sister Rongrong herself."

"I see!"

The girl nodded solemnly, and a fighting spirit in her heart was instantly ignited.

Since she couldn't use any abilities in reality in the dream, then she was just an ordinary person now, not even a cultivator.

But these are not the key.

Even if she doesn't have any abilities, it doesn't matter.

Even if she had to walk, she could turn this amusement park upside down and find the "door" that led to the depths.

Even if it's difficult, I won't give up.

Just like the footsteps she followed behind the young man for many years.

Qiankun Cave, Duobao Cliff, Heart Demon Stone, Auction House...

Searching aimlessly is not efficient.

Therefore, Sun Rong's priority search was for those places she had been to with Wang Ling.

"None of it."

Sweat beads slipped from Sun Rong's cheeks, dripped on the ground, and then splashed around.

At this moment, she seemed to have thought of something.

Since these places are not...

Then the only thing left was the viewing stand where she and Wang Ling went to watch the fireworks display.

But in Sun Rong's memory.

It was an open area, and there seemed to be no door...

The viewing stand is located very high. Looking from under the stand, the steps in front cannot be seen.

For cultivators, such a height is not strenuous at all, and they won't feel anything even if they run the entire distance.

But for an ordinary person, such a height requires a huge amount of time and energy.

Without any hesitation, Sun Rong quickly stepped onto the first step.

When she thought of the young man deep in the dream, he might still be waiting for her.

She suddenly realized.

I have nothing to fear anymore...

"Wang Ling, I will definitely find you."

She breathed steadily and moved upward step by step.

I don’t know how many steps I walked through.

When Sun Rong looked behind her, she realized that she could no longer see the road behind her.

It was obscured by a layer of hazy fog.

She composed herself and continued moving forward.

Approaching the viewing platform, the sky in the dreamland suddenly became dark.

Bang!

The brilliant light rose from below, condensed into a point, and then suddenly exploded in the air. The sparks hanging like meteors were just like the familiar scene in the memory...

"It seems that there is no door here."

Wang Nuan looked at the wide observation deck with doubts in his heart.

But at this moment, the girl raised her eyes.

Her face was stained by the colorful firelight, as if she had understood something.

"I understand An Nuan, the location of the door..."

Rong Sun murmured softly, and then she raised her slender fingers and pointed to the sky.

With the last burst of brilliant fireworks, the scene in front of the girl finally changed.

Buzz!

The space on all sides began to shake, and the earth trembled, as if it was about to collapse.

Sun Rong stood there, with no trace of fear in her eyes.

She knew very well that this was just the dream scene in front of her that had been disintegrated, and everything was an illusion.

Those gorgeous and beautiful things, like all the boy's disguises, were cracking like seven-colored glass at this moment, and then completely shattered.

When the last trace of light dissipates.

Sun Rong was convinced that she had entered the "second" door.

This is a dark world without any light.

However, for some reason, the girl found that her body was emitting a faint light...

She relied on her intuition to explore in one direction.

With the faint light on her body, she finally saw the boy's figure!

"Wang Ling!" Sun Rong shouted loudly and leaned forward.

However, there was an invisible glass wall in front of her, blocking her.

This is a spherical glass cover, and Wang Ling is trapped in it.

At this time, inside the spherical glass dome, Wang Ling opened his mouth, as if he wanted to say something to her.

However, all sounds were blocked by the glass cover.

She couldn't hear a sound.

"A Nuan, why can't I hear..." The girl started to worry.

"This should be my brother's heart. He can hear your voice, but you can't hear him." Wang Nuan replied.

Heart prison...

It turned out that in the dream, it was Wang Ling's sealed heart?

Realized that the sound could not be transmitted smoothly.

Wang Ling had no choice but to draw words on the glass cover with his hands: Save me.

The close distance seemed to be extremely far away. Sun Rong put her palm against the glass cover: "Wang Ling..."

Wang Ling in the prison of his heart still looked like the young man he had been when he first met him.

At this time, he was also extending his hand to respond to her.

The cold glass cover blocked the warmth from their palms.

Bang!

The next moment, Sun Rong started hammering with all her strength.

However, Wang Ling's heart was too strong.

With the strength of ordinary people, it is impossible to shake even half a point.

Although she was trying her best to endure it, the scene in front of her made the girl anxious and unable to stop crying: "Wang Ling, if you want me, what should you do..."

In the prison of his heart, Wang Ling raised his hand and wrote the words he wanted to pass on to Sun Rong: "Don't cry."

Originally he wanted to add a few words of comfort.

But seeing Sun Rong crying in front of him made his mind go blank, and he had no idea what to write.

In my memory, except for the time when I almost cried on Valentine's Day in my freshman year.

He had never seen a girl really cry.

This is his heart prison.

Since his birth, it has gradually taken shape as he grows.

And finally became this indestructible appearance now.

"Sorry Wang Ling... I'm too excited..." The girl just vented for a while.

She quickly controlled her emotions, and her eyes were red with traces of tears gushing out.

"Don't worry, there will be a solution."

Wang Ling wrote on the glass cover.

As if she was greatly inspired, Sun Rong said through the glass wall: "I will definitely rescue you Wang Ling!"

"I know."

Wang Ling quickly wrote down what he wanted to say.

Even though I know this is in a dream.

But Sun Rong felt that she could no longer hold back.

Through the glass cover, she said the words that she seemed to have said many times but never received a response: "Wang Ling! I like you!"

In the prison of his heart, Wang Ling's eyes seemed touched.

He stretched out his fingers and wrote on the glass those words that were sealed by his heart.

"I know."

He responded to the girl: "Me too..."

(End of chapter)





Chapter 10 Morning for two people


2022-04-02 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 10 Morning for two people

The moment she got the response, Rong Sun suddenly felt the space was silent, as if everything had stopped.

Everything seemed so unreal.

Although she couldn't hear the boy's voice, she still felt the words she had been waiting for for a long time from between the lines...

Tears welled up from the corners of his eyes again.

But at this moment, the tears shed by the girl were filled with uncontrollable emotion.

She wanted to have a few more words with the boy she loved deeply in front of her.

However, soon, the surrounding scenes gradually became blurry...

"Sister Rongrong, the time is up. If you don't leave before my brother wakes up, you will be in danger." Wang Nuan rang in Sun Rong's mind.

The girl nodded, her hands pressing against the glass cover of the cell in front of her.

Before the figure gradually disappeared, he used all his strength to shout his last words: "Wang Ling! Wait for me! I will definitely free you from the prison in your heart!"

As soon as she finished speaking, Sun Rong's eyes suddenly opened on the soft bed.

The sunshine outside the window shines in, and before you know it, it's already dawn...

There were faint traces of her tears on the pillow.

Sun Rong sat up straight and couldn't help but blushing when she thought of the scene in her dream.

But soon, the girl fell into a period of melancholy and loss.

What a pity.

All that seems to be just a dream...

It would be great if it were true.

"What happened in the dream is true, Sister Rongrong!" At this time, Wang Nuan reminded from the side.

"Is it all true?"

"Think about what you still remember." Wang Nuan reminded patiently.

"I remember that I climbed up the stairs for a long time and found a door on a viewing platform... and then I saw Wang Ling, who was trapped in the prison of his heart."

Sun Rong held her chin and said thoughtfully: "But I can't remember what I did before climbing the steps."

"This is normal."

Wang Nuan nodded and said: "After most people wake up from a dream, they will quickly forget what they dreamed about. It is a shallow dream and is easily forgotten. But a deep dream is different, especially like me. A special person like me... everything that happened there is real."

Nuan Yatou's words woke up the dreamer, and Sun Rong covered her mouth in surprise: "So it turns out that the dream was..."

"The prison of the heart does exist. It is my brother's heart that has been sealed all this time."

Wang Nuan smiled bitterly: "I took so much trouble to bring Sister Rongrong in just to let Sister Rongrong know whether the wood is solid... If it is hollow wood, then there is really no need to work hard. Just let my brother die alone..."

"So, An Nuan... please tell me quickly, is there any way to rescue me?"

Sun Rong suddenly pressed Wang Nuan's shoulders.

The little girl in front of her has become her only hope.

"The Immortal King's heart is impenetrable and unbreakable."

Wang Nuan said: "Unless my brother breaks him myself!"

"But in the dream, isn't it possible to use any abilities..."

"My brother is an exception. He is a monster, isn't he?"

“……”

"So we need to guide him, let him find the location of his heart prison, and break the glass cover from the outside! By then, my brother's autism will be cured, and Sister Rongrong will be able to live in the real world. Wait, that's what I'm looking forward to." Wang Nuan chuckled.

"Are you sure you won't be retaliated against for plotting against your brother like this?" Sun Rong couldn't laugh or cry.

I can only say that she is Wang Ling’s biological sister...

This little girl is very clever. Although she is small, she understands everything.

Now Sun Rong was wondering if this girl had been doing so poorly in exams on purpose.

"Hey, as long as my brother doesn't lift the seal, how can he take revenge on me so easily?"

Having said this, Wang Nuan grinned, and then his expression suddenly became serious.

Sun Rong: "You seem to have a solution?"

Wang Nuan looked at the girl in white rabbit pajamas in front of her and said seriously: "So sister Rongrong... do you want to take a gamble with me?"

……

……

When Wang Ling woke up, it was already nine o'clock in the morning.

His last memory was of drinking an alcoholic beverage.

After checking his body, Wang Ling didn't feel any discomfort, not even a basic hangover reaction.

The images in his mind kept dancing.

It seems that the girl's hot face still vaguely remains...

Wang Ling didn't expect that the alcoholic drink was so powerful.

But thinking about it carefully, this seemed to be the first time in his life that he drank alcohol.

Although the alcohol content was not too high, it seemed that no one got drunk from just a few cans of alcoholic beverages.

It's a bit of a shame, to be honest.

But his ability to adapt is still very strong.

After this experience, I will drink again next time.

It shouldn't be as embarrassing as last night.

Wang Ling thought carefully for a moment.

He was still wearing the same clothes as yesterday, with a very familiar scent on them.

Although he didn't remember exactly what happened last night.

However, Wang Ling could roughly deduce it based on the clues in front of him.

Yesterday, it was probably Sun Rong who brought him all the way back.

After making this inference, Wang Ling suddenly felt the memory fragments in his mind flash back.

Like a puzzle piece, a new picture is formed.

So...did you carry it all the way back...

Even if there is an eternal talisman.

But he is still very heavy...

Immediately, Wang Ling's face turned red.

To be honest, Wang Ling had done embarrassing things before.

But he never fluctuates emotionally because of embarrassment...

After briefly washing up, Wang Ling also changed into his White Rabbit pajamas.

This is basically what he wears at home.

Looking in the mirror, he found that his face still seemed to be very red.

However, the reason is unknown...

When he went downstairs, Wang Ling heard the sound of someone tinkering with tableware in the direction of the kitchen on the first floor.

"Wang Ling, you're awake!"

Perhaps because he heard Wang Ling's movements, the girl's familiar voice came from the kitchen.

Wang Ling originally thought the person in the kitchen was Wang Ma.

After hearing Sun Rong's voice, the expression on his face suddenly became a little stunned: "Well..."

"A Nuan has to go to school, and then aunt and uncle went out to buy groceries. They asked me to stay here at noon and leave after dinner." Sun Rong smiled softly: "I figured you would probably get up, so I went first Made some porridge."

In the spacious kitchen in front of him, the girl was still wearing the White Rabbit pajamas that Wang Ling was very familiar with. She was also wearing an apron and was tinkering with the porridge in the casserole.

He pulled out the chair in front of the dining table and sat down very obediently.

At the same time, he stared at the busy figure of the girl.

His White Rabbit pajamas have never been worn by anyone else...

Unexpectedly, it looked just right on Sun Rong.

Wang Ling didn't know why.

I feel inexplicably happy...

A few minutes later, Sun Rong filled a bowl and brought it to Wang Ling.

It's just a simple bowl of white porridge with chives, but it exudes an alluring aroma.

"Try it."

Sun Rong was expecting the young man in front of her to comment on the porridge she cooked.

At this time, she saw the White Rabbit pajamas Wang Ling was wearing, and she was shocked to find that she was busy making porridge...before she had time to change her clothes back!

"It was too late yesterday... I just stayed one night. An Nuan said this set is new, so..."

"I don't mind."

Looking at the panicked girl in front of him, Wang Ling hurriedly said, "She's quite cute."

Then, he took a bite of the white porridge in front of him, and suddenly felt a sense of satisfaction in his heart: "Also, thank you for sending me back..."

"There is no need to talk about this between us..." Sun Rong's cheeks were slightly red, and she felt like there was a warm current in her body.

She looked at the profile of the young man eating porridge.

Enjoy this moment alone, the morning that only belongs to two people...

(End of chapter)





Chapter 11 Sun Rong’s whisper


2022-04-02 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 11 Sun Rong’s whisper

In the quiet morning, at the dining table, Rong Sun quietly watched the young man tasting the porridge.

If it had been anyone else, Wang Ling might have felt disgusted, and even more likely wouldn't have been able to eat.

But he found that Sun Rong seemed to be an exception.

Since college, Wang Ling has almost become accustomed to the gaze of young girls.

The images in Wang Ling's mind were constantly turning over in his mind. It was like an atlas, with each page showing the girl's gentle gaze on him.

Ever since he put on the Eternal Talisman, the countless sounds that had flowed into Wang Ling's ears...the sounds from all over the world, even from the universe, had all disappeared.

Although Wang Ling can still actively use the ability of "Heart Communication".

But out of politeness, he never takes the initiative to pry into other people's thoughts.

In a daze, he seemed to think of the time when Sun Rong's eyes fell on him when he was taking elective courses in college.

He had also wondered countless times what the girl was thinking.

At this time, Sun Rong intertwined her slender fingers and looked at him with a smile on her face: "Wang Ling, I really want to suddenly realize that after so many years, except that you have grown taller, your appearance has not changed much. It’s over. Did you steal the Beauty Pill I gave to your aunt?”

Wang Ling: "..."

In fact, Wang Ling himself felt very strange about this.

He did not take any pills, nor did he use magic to make himself younger.

Although in the world of cultivation, it is indeed very common for many cultivators who pay attention to their appearance to take beauty elixirs and skin care spells for a long time to maintain their appearance and maintain their youth forever.

But Wang Ling had no intention or intention in this regard.

His face still retains the tenderness of a young man, and his fair skin still shows light. It is so delicate that many girls feel envious.

A face that never seems to age, even without the use of elixirs and spells.

This may be an ability that many people would like to have, but in fact, it is quite troublesome for Wang Ling sometimes.

For example, when I teamed up with Chen Chao and Guo Hao to go to the third row of an Internet cafe, there were always plainclothes policemen who thought he was a minor and wanted to come over to randomly check his ID card...

At that time, Wang Ling had an idea. He tried to use magic to make his appearance more mature.

So on the way back from the Internet cafe.

He locked his face directly.

Modify the age for this area.

He first moved it back 100 years.

It turns out that 100 years later, I still haven’t grown up...

Wang Ling had no choice but to increase his efforts.

After returning home from the Internet cafe that day, Wang Ling still can't forget what happened that day.

At that time, Wang Ma noticed Wang Ling's "aging" appearance, and her face was full of doubts, and she was a little unable to react: "Old... Master? No! You are Ling Ling, right?"

Wang Ling: "..."

Wang Ma was overjoyed: "Why did you make yourself look like this... You look so much like your father when he was thirty years old! Just thinner! More energetic!"

“……”

Wang Ling had doubted countless times whether he was his biological child.

But now, Wang Ma confirmed her eyes with him.

It is indeed my biological child...

Later, Wang Ma fiddled with the clothes that Wang Dad often wore when he was 30 years old and asked Wang Ling to change into them.

I found another SLR camera and took a series of photos of Wang Ling.

Mother Wang: "You said you adjusted your age back? By how many years ago? 10 years old? Or 20 years old?"

Wang Ling: "Ten thousand years..."

"Ten thousand lives..."

Wang Ma was stunned: "In other words, before you were ten thousand years old, there was no obvious change in your appearance, right?"

Wang Ling nodded: "Yeah..."

At this point, Wang Ma showed a kind look: "I really want to beat you, but what should I do if I can't?"

“……”

Wang Ling looked helpless.

But one thing said, even Wang Ling himself felt that he deserved a beating.

Then, he felt himself suddenly enveloped in warmth.

It was Wang Ma who suddenly hugged herself.

"How could Mom be willing to beat you? You were born with great difficulty. Mom will only get older in the future. Even if Mom is gone one day, you have to take good care of yourself, you know?" Wang Ma hugged her. Wang Ling said.

Wang Ling became taller, and Wang's mother felt her son's growth for the first time.

When I become a mother, my heart is naturally full of joy.

The moment he was hugged by his mother, Wang Ling's thoughts fell into a brief blank.

In my memory, Wang Ma never seemed to have said similar words to herself.

"No..." He also gave Wang Ma a hug.

At this time, Wang Ling suddenly realized that he had never hugged his mother like this before, and his thoughts suddenly became extremely complicated.

"My son is indeed amazing! He won't age! No matter how many people envy him, it's too late! You should change back. It's so good to be young! Make girls like him!"

Feeling her son's lean but extremely strong body, Wang Ma felt even more joyful in her heart; "If you want to be like this in the future, wouldn't Miss Sun be blessed? What kind of experience does it feel to get married to someone who is your first love every day?"

“……”

Wang Ling's heart tightened when he heard these words, and he quickly buried his head in the crook of Wang Ma's shoulder.

"Hey, are you still shy at such an old age?" Wang Ma was so happy that she couldn't help but reach out and pinch Wang Ling's soft face.

Ever since she put on the "Eternal Talisman", she saw that many of Wang Ling's previously suppressed and unexpressed emotions were gradually being released. It was indeed different from before.

Now, my son has become even cuter.

……

Sun Rong saw Wang Ling looking like he was in a daze. Based on her own understanding, she could probably guess what Wang Ling might have thought of after hearing her words.

She didn't ask much, since she probably couldn't guess it anyway.

Sometimes Sun Rong often wonders if she also has the ability to "tune into other people's minds".

Maybe we can know more clearly what Wang Ling is thinking.

But that's just a thought.

In essence, this kind of peeping behavior is actually very rude, a bit like a suspicious couple secretly looking at each other's mobile phones.

Relationships should be built on trust.

Regarding this point, she and Wang Ling had actually made a similar agreement a long time ago.

"Wang Ling, do you want to see what I'm thinking about right now?" At this time, Sun Rong suddenly asked a question.

Wang Ling put down the spoon in his hand.

He looked at the girl, his eyes clearly indicating rejection.

An agreement is an agreement.

Since he had already made a promise that he would never take the initiative to peek, he would not do that even if it was Sun Rong's request.

"Are you keeping your promise?"

Sun Rong's eyebrows were curved, and she showed a beautiful smile: "Then, as a reward for keeping the promise, I will tell you personally. Regarding your face that will not age, I have my own opinion."

These words suddenly made Wang Ling feel a lot more energetic.

He sat up straight, looked at Sun Rong, and looked like he was waiting for the marking teacher to correct his answers.

"My opinion is..."

Then, Wang Ling felt that Sun Rong's figure was quickly approaching him.

With a smile on her face, she whispered softly: "Wang Ling, I will never get tired of looking at your face."

The breath that belonged exclusively to the girl blew softly into Wang Ling's ears, burning the young man's ears that were shrouded in the morning light outside the window.

(End of chapter)





Chapter 12 The whole world is falling in love


2022-04-02 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 12 The whole world is falling in love

Father Wang and Mother Wang went out to buy groceries early in the morning. Judging from the time, they should have returned long ago.

So the couple did it on purpose. Finally, the two children had time to spend alone together. They thought that by going home later, they could create more opportunities.

The most important thing is that they are all conscious, which is really rare!

In fact, the couple had made many plans in the past, specifically giving Wang Ling and Sun Rong opportunities to be alone together.

But in their impression.

Those carefully designed plans seem to have failed a few times...

It's like being cursed.

As long as the two of them have a chance to be alone, someone unexpected will show up to thwart the plan.

Even if no one else interferes, one of the two people must be either unconscious or fainting...

Of course, relatively speaking, Rong Sun fell into coma more often.

Both of them are quite old.

As far as the legal age is concerned, she has reached the marriageable age.

Father Wang and Mother Wang are both understanding people. Parents can never stay with their children for a lifetime.

When children can find their own happiness and belonging, a stone in their hearts will completely fall to the ground.

The pursuit of Sun Rong was really difficult. No one knows how much bitterness it is than the girl herself.

But Wang’s father and Wang’s mother have seen it all the way, and they can understand it to some extent.

At first, they just thought this eldest lady was interesting, and they were somewhat curious about how their stupid son would react to such a girl who was chasing them crazily.

Therefore, Father and Mother Wang have never objected to love games among young people.

After all, they themselves have been there.

The memory of "the face of my first love on campus" still lingers in my mind.

The throbbing of youth, then developing good feelings, and finally falling in love... that is a very romantic process.

Most of the lifelong promises made on campus will be broken by "reality".

There are only a few that can really succeed.

But what neither couple expected was this.

Sun Rong has been chasing her for ten years...

Such resilience led the couple to completely switch sides a few years ago.

At the same time, they are also deeply aware of it.

This girl means business.

It's not just an ordinary love game, that simple.

……

It was approaching eleven o'clock and the couple had not returned yet.

To be honest, when he was alone with Sun Rong, Wang Ling suddenly felt a little nervous.

He didn't know why he reacted like this...maybe it was shyness? Maybe it’s because you’re not sure what the girl will do next?

wrong……

When did he learn to be shy?

Sure enough, there is still a problem with the "Eternal Talisman"...

In the past few days, to be precise, it was after the complete version of the Eternal Talisman was replaced on myself.

Wang Ling found that he was starting to get weirder and weirder.

He began to respond to various "teases" from girls and did not feel repulsed.

And every time he wanted to say something, Wang Ling felt as if something deep in his heart would twitch.

The words were on his lips, but they were swallowed back into his stomach again.

The time waiting for Father and Mother Wang to make lunch seemed very long.

Wang Ling had no choice but to hug Loopy Ha's dog-head pillow and sit helplessly on the sofa, trying to use the TV to calm his head.

He touched his ears, which still seemed very hot.

He also didn’t know what kind of magic was used by Sun Rong when she blew into his ear...

Following the footsteps upstairs, Sun Rong had already changed her clothes when she appeared in front of her again.

The flawless white dress contrasts with the girl Shengxue's skin, giving off a beautiful luster like jade.

"Wang Ling, I'm taking that pajamas back. I'll return them to you after I wash them." She smiled and walked towards Wang Ling.

Then he sat directly next to Wang Ling, next to the young man.

Wang Ling subconsciously tried to move his buttocks, but Sun Rong's face came closer again, her slightly red face showing a bit of boldness: "Or do you prefer that I stay? Will I wear it next time I come here? "

"random……"

The boy buried half of his face in the pillow, like a mimosa that had been gently touched by his fingers.

This reaction is so cute...

Sun Rong smiled and observed Wang Ling's reaction with satisfaction.

In the past, this piece of wood always had a poker face no matter what method I used.

But now it's different.

The girl felt like she was conducting an interesting chemical experiment.

Yesterday when Wang Ling was drunk, she secretly kissed Wang Ling on his forehead.

But she was the only one who remembered that memory. It was like a prank, which was a bit too boring.

[Try to deepen your traces in Wang Ling’s memory as much as possible during these days]

This was a task that Wang Nuan assigned Sun Rong alone according to the big plan after returning from Wang Ling's dream in the early morning.

So, she couldn't wait to see it.

If I suddenly give the prince's order now, what kind of expression will the young man show when he is conscious...

But at the same time, Sun Rong also knew that being too anxious was actually not a good thing.

There is still plenty of time before the big plan starts, so just take it step by step.

"What are you looking at?" At this time, Sun Rong's voice came, very close to Wang Ling.

In fact, even Wang Ling himself didn't know what to watch, he just clicked on the programs randomly.

At this time, the TV drama channel's Lunchtime Theater was playing on the TV.

Wang Ling had just switched to this channel when the man and woman in the picture hugged each other and began to hug and nibble.

“……”

On the sofa, both of them blushed. Wang Ling quickly controlled the remote control in his hand and changed the channel.

[Science Discovery Channel (World of Spiritual Beasts Column): "Autumn is the harvest season for all things, and it is also the peak season for love and mating for the spirit-horned deer on the grassland..."]

“……”

[Bilibili Guochuang (currently playing "The Daily Life of the Immortal King"): "My thoughts will definitely transcend time and space and bring me to you..."]

“……”

[Life Channel (Creative Food Column): "This couple's lung slices is a famous dish in Sichuan cuisine. The slices are large and fat, glutinous and delicious, tender and stale, and spicy and delicious. Although there are no husbands and wives in the couple's lung slices, This indeed has beautiful wishes for love..."]

“……”

[Music Channel (Classic Sound): "Love comes too fast, like a tornado, unable to escape the storm circle and unable to escape..."]

“……”

Wang Ling felt that today's TV channels seemed a bit evil.

But it’s time for the midday news soon.

He didn't believe that the serious midday news could be so messy.

[News Channel (Lunchtime News): "A thousand-year-old couple has been together for a lifetime, holding hands with their son and growing old together. The old lady rested her head on the old grandfather's knee, and the two of them bathed in the early morning sunshine together. In the park today, passers-by took pictures This touching scene..."]

“……”

Wang Ling was so frightened that he dropped the remote control.

Not to mention Wang Ling, even Sun Rong was horrified.

She wouldn't know it if she didn't watch TV. But when she watches TV, she doesn't know why she feels like the whole world is in love.

"Wang Ling."

At this time, Sun Rong's voice came again, it was a very gentle call.

Wang Ling was stunned. He turned his face and found the girl smiling at him.

Then he felt a weight on his legs, and the bold girl actually imitated the old couple on the noon news and rested her head directly on his lap.

"Do you hate this?" Sun Rong blinked and looked at the young man who was close at hand.

Wang Ling didn't answer.

He just closed his eyes and felt the weight on his legs.

He didn't feel repulsed, let alone disliked...

On the contrary, there is some peace of mind.

(End of chapter)





Chapter 13 What does Wang Ling pay for being a friend?


2022-04-02 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 13 What does Wang Ling pay for being a friend?

When Sun Rong rested her head on Wang Ling's lap, Wang's father and mother were "forced to go for a drive" in the car.

The off-road vehicle that Wang's father drives was bought by Wang Ling in his senior year of high school. The outer shell was enlightened by Wang Ling. It is indestructible and once saved the world.

Anyway, there is almost no thing on earth that can smash Dad Wang's black off-road vehicle into pieces, and it can remain intact even under a nuclear warhead.

After the couple finished shopping for groceries, it was actually quite early.

Seeing that she was about to return to the villa, Wang Ma began to look at the surveillance probe at home. In fact, this surveillance probe was not surveillance in the strict sense, but it also had the function of surveillance.

Essentially, this is just a stabilizing device used to remotely control the "Eternal Talisman" and is used to absorb the special radiation released by the Eternal Talisman.

After all, Wang's father and mother were ordinary people, and the main component of the Eternal Talisman was the "black stone" with powerful radioactive material that Wang Ling discovered.

After the black stone was refined by Wang Ming and used to create the "Eternal Talisman", although the radioactive material was reduced, it still existed.

Therefore, in order to completely eliminate this impact, Wang Ming developed a stabilizer that can absorb this radioactive material and installed it on the ceiling of the first floor of the Wang family's villa.

And because this stabilizing device is connected to the satellite at the same time, it also has a monitoring function...

"I noticed that you became very gossipy after giving birth to Nuan Yatai." Father Wang was driving. He looked straight ahead and criticized Mother Wang for her gossipy heart.

I don’t know if it’s because of her age, but Mother Wang does know that she seems to be a bit gossipy.

She knew it was wrong to do this, but she couldn't help it, and she couldn't help but roll her eyes.

Of course, if Wang Ling was alone at home with such a burning desire for gossip, Wang's mother would not be interested.

Only when Sun Rong came to their home as a guest and was alone with Wang Ling.

Wang Ma's Bagua soul was completely on fire.

"What are Ling Ling and Rongrong doing?" Dad Wang asked.

Although he criticized Ma Wang's gossip and refused to watch the surveillance with Ma Wang, Dad Wang still asked questions honestly.

"Ling Ling woke up, and Rongrong cooked porridge for him to drink. Good girl..." Wang Ma looked at the surveillance camera and was a little moved.

"Already drinking? Are there any comments or anything like that?"

"The voice was too low, I didn't hear it clearly." Mother Wang frowned, then she looked at Father Wang and said, "Are you almost home?"

"Yes." Father Wang nodded.

"Why are you driving so fast...drive slower! It's hard for the two children to have a chance to be alone together!"

“……”

Father Wang held the steering wheel and smiled bitterly: "Don't we have to rush back to make lunch? It's only after nine o'clock."

"No! It's too early! We definitely can't go back like that!" Wang Ma shook her head and said.

"Then how many more detours are there?"

"Well, drive slowly and let Ling Ling drink the porridge made by Rongrong first."

"good."

Father Wang nodded.

In this way, the couple reached a unanimous consensus on the matter.

It's approaching eleven o'clock...

In the car, Wang Ma suddenly let out an aunty laugh: "Wow! Rongrong rested her head on Ling Ling's lap!"

"Are you envious? If you want to lean back, I'll lean on you too." Father Wang smiled.

"Who cares about your old arms and legs?" Wang Ma stared at the monitor intently, her face slightly red with a sweet smile.

"Mom, we're almost home. We seemed to have traveled hundreds of kilometers just now..."

"Wait a moment. Rongrong's offensive is fierce now, so it's better not to disturb her."

“……”

Father Wang suddenly had a bad feeling.

Wang Ma: "How about you go around a few more times?"

Dad Wang: "..."

He finally discovered that there was no way to eat today's meal...

With a silent sigh in his heart, Father Wang turned the car around.

"What are you going to do?"

"Add some oil..."

Father Wang couldn't laugh or cry in his heart.

He thought their family seemed a bit strange.

When other people's children talk about being friends, a parent's gift of a red envelope is always meaningful and expensive.

Their Wang Ling pours money well, but wastes fuel...

……

……

Sun Rong went back after lunch. Father and Mother Wang wanted to keep the girl for dinner, but Sun Rong seemed to have something to do. After lunch, she helped clear the table together and left in a hurry.

"What a nice girl." Wang Ma couldn't help but sigh at Sun Rong's back as she walked away with her spiritual sword.

This was actually said to Wang Ling on purpose.

Wang Ling came back to his senses and glanced at Wang Ma. He was sitting on the sofa, looking at the TV with a blank expression, feeling inexplicably empty in his heart.

"Ling Ling." At this time, Wang Ma walked towards him with a smile on her face and drove Dad Wang away from the sofa with just one look.

Family status, obviously.

Then, Wang Ma sat down directly, and then imitated Sun Rong and fell on Wang Ling's lap, with a satisfied sigh on her face.

"Not to mention, it's quite comfortable. Our Ling Ling's legs don't look like they have a lot of flesh, but they are very firm. They feel more comfortable than those memory foam pillows."

Wang Ling: "..."

"Really or not, can you give me a try?" Father Wang suddenly felt excited and wanted to try it too.

"Wait, let me lie down for a while." Wang Ma yawned, feeling faintly sleepy as she lay on the ground.

"Is it that comfortable..." Father Wang questioned.

He stared at Wang Ma's left leg lying on it, feeling envious in his heart.

Wang Ling held his forehead and looked at Dad Wang and pointed at his other leg: "Actually, you don't need to grab it..."

As a result, at this time, the couple refused in unison: "No! We only want the right leg!"

Wang Ling: "?"

Wang Ma smiled: "The left leg belongs to Miss Rong, we don't dare to take it."

“……”

Thinking of the weight left by the girl on his lap, Wang Ling's face suddenly turned red again.

He didn't expect that he would be "molested" by his own father and mother.

Then it was like this until about ten o'clock in the evening. Wang Ling was still sitting alone on the sofa in a daze. Although his face seemed expressionless, there was something wrong with his expression.

"It's a bit strange, the child's father..."

Wang Ma put on the facial mask and looked at Wang Ling, who seemed to be in a daze.

In Wang Ma's memory, she rarely saw Wang Ling behave like this, as if the computer suddenly crashed...

Although Wang Mumu has always been Wang Mumu, under normal circumstances, even wood is not motionless.

Take watching TV as an example. It's outrageous that Wang Ling doesn't eat crispy noodles while watching TV.

"It's a bit strange." Father Wang also felt that there was something wrong with this smell.

It seems that they have entered this daze mode since they "molested" each other.

"Is there something wrong with the talisman?" Wang Ma was a little worried.

"Don't be nervous, I'm going to call Xiao Ming and ask him what's going on..."

(End of chapter)





Chapter 14 Missing is a disease


2022-04-02 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 14 Missing is a disease

As soon as he heard that something was wrong with Wang Ling's condition, Wang Ming hurriedly got out of bed and prepared to go out.

I didn't even have time to change into my pajamas, just a thought in my mind.

The intelligent humanoid mecha "Little Pomegranate" shuttled directly through the space, and tens of thousands of mecha fragments were instantly attached to Wang Ming's body like a puzzle.

This is Wang Ling No. 16, the sixteenth generation intelligent humanoid mecha developed by Wang Ming.

The nickname is simply: Little Pomegranate.

This name was given by Zhai Yin, which is derived from the homophony of "sixteen".

The existence of "Little Pomegranate" is not only a fighting tool, but also a memory for Wang Ming.

It is related to both Zhai Yin and Wang Ling.

Just as he was about to go out, Wang Ming lowered his voice as much as possible, but in the end he woke Zhai Yin up.

Zhai Yin may not be able to put aside the vigilance of the female special forces soldier in this life. Any slight disturbance will instantly cheer her up.

"I'm sorry, Zhai Yin...did I wake you up?" Wang Ming moved forward and lifted the hair from Zhai Yin's ears with his hands.

He is close to his beloved.

The cold-looking metal mecha shell conveys the warmth of a man.

"No." Zhai Yin closed his eyes and enjoyed the warmth of Wang Ming's fingertips.

"There seems to be something going on over there with Wang Ling. I want to go take a look." Wang Ming said.

"It's okay, you go ahead." Zhai Yin didn't say much, just understanding and support.

Wang Ming habitually wanted to say thank you, but felt that this seemed too out of the ordinary.

As an old married couple, there is no need to do this.

He leaned down and pecked Zhai Yin's forehead tenderly, and then gently kissed Zhai Yin's swollen belly. The sudden initiative instantly made Zhai Yin's face feel hot.

"Yin Zi, I'll be back soon." Wang Ming bared his teeth and showed his trademark hearty smile.

Then he quickly walked to the balcony, closed the balcony door, turned into a stream of light and rushed into the sky, and then disappeared at the end of the sky...

……

Because the voices of Father Wang and Mother Wang on the other side of the phone were very urgent, as if something big had happened, Wang Ming almost didn't even think about it and just called the "mecha" and came over.

However, when he was halfway through the flight, he suddenly realized that what Wang Ling was equipped with now was the ultimate version of the "Eternal Talisman". What big deal could it be?

On the way, Wang Ming used Xiao Pomegranate's own intelligent system to detect each port of the Eternal Talisman.

Except for Wang Nuan's port, which is gradually being released, all other configurations are normal.

This made Wang Ming, who was halfway through the flight, slightly relieved...

As long as it does not threaten the stability of the earth, everything is easy to negotiate.

At least, the main reason for Wang Ling's current situation should not be caused by the talisman.

After analyzing the specific issues in detail, Wang Ming thought it would be a good idea to go and take a look.

Adjusting the little pomegranate to fly at fifty times supersonic speed, Wang Ming quickly arrived at the door of the Wang family's villa. Wang's father had already been waiting to pick up Wang Ming at the door, standing there anxiously.

Wang Ming walked in without saying a word, planning to see the situation for himself.

When he saw Wang Ling's state, he was in a daze.

Theoretically speaking, this was the first time Wang Ming found Wang Ling in this state. He just sat there, as motionless as a log, not even blinking. His face was red from holding back, and his whole body seemed to be still. There was vague steam coming out of his body.

"So this is... the water in your brain has been boiled?"

Wang Ming gave a very tactful smile, then reached out and patted Wang Ling's thigh: "Hello, Lingzi? I'm here. Are you okay?"

“……”

Wang Ling's eyes were blank and he didn't respond at all.

Emm, this situation is indeed a bit wrong...

Wang Ming muttered in his heart, and then used Xiao Pomegranate's own medical system to scan Wang Ling's entire body.

Except for a slight increase in body temperature and a slight decrease in heart rate, all other values are normal.

"Is it serious?" Wang Ma asked with concern.

"I think it's okay." Wang Ming crossed his arms.

For some reason, Wang Ming suddenly felt that Wang Ling looked a little cute like this.

He reached out and gently scratched Wang Ling's chin like a soothing kitten.

According to Wang Ling's normal temper, he would have reached out and gently slapped his hand off in the past.

But Wang Ling didn't do that, he just sat there.

"Uncle and auntie think your son's problem is serious." Wang Ming asked.

"Look..." Wang Ma didn't know whether to laugh or cry. She took out a few packages of special crispy noodles, waved them in front of Wang Ling's eyes, and opened them to Wang Lingwen.

As a result, Wang Ling remained motionless.

"..." Wang Ming suddenly felt that this matter was a bit strange.

It's really serious, even the crispy noodles no longer taste good...

"Anyway, what is certain now is that it is not a physical reason. It should be a problem of emotional control. That is, a psychological problem." Wang Ming thought about it carefully and said, "Uncle said earlier that since Miss Rong left, That’s it, isn’t he?”

"That's right." Both Mother Wang and Father Wang nodded, like chickens pecking at rice.

"I should have thought that this would happen..." Wang Ming sighed: "After putting on the ultimate version of the Eternal Talisman, I have already set my emotional liberation to the lowest level. As long as I pay attention to the methods, I will not There is a problem."

"What's the meaning?"

"To put it simply, Miss Rong must have thought that Lingzi has become interesting after she saw that he was in a mood now. It was caused by excessive teasing." Wang Ming smiled bitterly and said: "Wouldn't this excessiveness lead to a direct crash like now? "

Summary: Flirting needs to be done in moderation.

But Wang Ming actually knew very well that this seemed to be part of Wang Nuan's girl's big plan...

Therefore, it is not easy for him to comment on the specific situation.

"What now?"

Dad Wang couldn't help but laugh: "Move directly to Madame Tussauds? Tickets are 20 each?"

"Forget it, let's keep this treasure to ourselves. It's better to repair it quickly now, because Miss Rong will still need it in the future." Wang Mingxiao.

Father Wang hissed, feeling that the word "use" was very essential.

He felt that Wang Ming was a bad student, and it was most likely because he was close to the shadow couple...

Father Wang had learned about Sun Ying'er, who was full of filthy power, a long time ago.

That girl could drive on any road, and the speed almost broke Father Wang's waist several times.

"You'd better go less to that house...it's not good for girl Yin's prenatal education." Thinking of this, Dad Wang couldn't help but elbow Wang Ming and reminded him.

"I know, Uncle Wang."

Receiving Dad Wang's eyes, Wang Ming understood, and the smile on his face did not diminish: "Yin Zi is gone now. Because I heard that little Yi Zi has been making trouble in her stomach recently. She habitually pulls the handbrake."

“……”

After about a few more minutes, after Wang Ming's adjustment, Wang Ling finally closed his eyes and fell asleep quietly.

Wang Ming breathed a sigh of relief: "It should be fine, just wake up and you'll be fine."

"What did you do?"

"I just increased the seal of the Eternal Talisman by 0.9%, which is close to the limit. Now that your child has fallen asleep, I have adjusted it back again." Wang Ming said.

"So Ling Ling is not actually sick?"

"If I have to say it, this is also a disease."

Wang Ming sat on the sofa, reached out and pinched the young man's sleeping face, feeling happy for Wang Ling from the bottom of his heart.

He smiled and said: "If yearning is also a disease..."

(End of chapter)





Chapter 15 The Shadow Couple’s little days when they were neither shy nor impatient


2022-04-02 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 15 The Shadow Couple’s little days when they were neither shy nor impatient

In fact, on the day of Wang Ling's "crash", after having lunch with Wang Ling at the Wang family's villa at noon, the girl left the place in a hurry. She indeed had important matters of her own.

She and Wang Nuan made an appointment to meet at the entrance of a large commercial plaza in the city center, and then planned to meet Wang Ying and Sun Ying'er together.

There are no big restrictions on the lunch break at Sixty Affiliated Primary School. Students can move around freely and even go out of the school to eat in the designated external area of the school, as long as they come back in the afternoon.

This commercial plaza is located near No. 61 Primary School and was originally an industry owned by Zhan Zong.

On behalf of Wang Nuan, when you come to the commercial plaza to dine, you can get prostitutes for free in every store...

Seeing Nuan Yatou appearing in front of her on time, Sun Rong immediately smiled on her face.

She leaned down and rubbed Wang Nuan's hair.

I have to say that the primary school sports uniform worn by Nuan Yatou is quite cute.

Every time the girl sees it, she feels a sense of nostalgia.

The entire school uniform follows the classic blue style of No. 60 Middle School.

The only difference is that the word "fine" on the back of the school uniform is no longer the word "fine", but can be specially customized according to one's own personality.

Wang Nuan named his school uniform "Ba"!

The “tyrant” of a top student!

But because I pretended to be a "stupid student" for so many years for the happiness of my wooden brother.

Wang Nuan can only tell others that the meaning of the word "ba" actually means domineering and leaking.

In fact, there are many children in school who use this word to express their personality.

For example, Rong Sun once heard Wang Nuan say that there was a classmate named Song in the next class who was a fan of Xuansheng Tyrant, so she also customized the word "Ba" on the back of her school uniform.

"Have you eaten?" Sun Rong asked with concern.

"Don't worry, Sister Rongrong, I won't starve myself."

Wang Nuan touched her round belly: "I heard that Sister Liangzi was so flat because she didn't eat well when she was a child. I don't want to be like her in the future."

Sun Rong laughed out loud: "You, just bully your sister Liangzi."

She couldn't help sighing in her heart, she just felt that today's children were extremely precocious... and too big for a brat.

This is only the third grade, and I am starting to think about the future.

Could this be the legendary king’s consciousness?

For a moment, Sun Rong felt like she couldn't laugh or cry.

If Jiugong Liangzi had had this awareness when he was a child, and given himself more nutrition, he would not have reached this point...

She still remembered the time when Zhuo Yi and Jiugong Liangzi had a conflict.

Zhuo Yi once wrote a famous essay and posted it in his personal space, and set it to "visible only to Jiugong Liangzi".

The title of this famous composition is "My Wife is as Smooth as the Land".

It stands to reason that after reading this article, Jiugong Liangzi's temper will definitely explode on the spot.

However, what Sun Rong didn't expect was that shortly after reading this composition, the two reconciled...

So far, Sun Rong has not figured out what happened to Zhuo Yi's operation back then.

……

Taking the hearse in front of the commercial plaza to the serviced apartment where the Shadow couple lived, Sun Rong suddenly thought of a very serious problem.

"That's not right, Ah Nuan, you came with me... It seems that the unit time is not enough." Sun Rong whispered in Wang Nuan's ear: "Including the return time, you don't have time to go back to school..."

"It's okay, Sister Rongrong, it's just a few classes, just Gu Gu." Wang Nuan replied.

"How can this be done... Studying is more important. You promised me last time that you would pass the exam." Sun Rong frowned.

"Since it's what I promised Sister Rongrong, I will definitely do it." Wang Nuan smiled: "Don't worry, Sister Rongrong, actually I left my shadow at school. My shadow and I They are exactly the same, no one will notice.”

"..." Sun Rong was silent, a little speechless for a moment.

All I can say is that this ability is indeed convenient...

However, when she saw Wang Nuan's confident expression, she began to wonder more and more whether this girl's "student scumbag" attribute was all fake.

……

……

On the other side, knowing that Sun Rong and Wang Nuan were coming, Wang Ying and Sun Ying'er naturally started preparations at home early.

Ever since they, Wang Ling, and Sun Rong applied to separate from their true bodies and planned to separate and live together, they actually had some thoughts.

Counting this year, it happens to be the seventh year.

There is a saying among young couples called the seven-year itch, but Wang Ying never felt that his life was boring.

Spending all day with Sun Ying'er, it seemed like a lifetime would never be enough for him.

After being separated from the main body, the strength of the two people was actually constrained by the "Eternal Talisman". They were far less powerful than when they were connected to the main body, but their combat power level was still at the forefront of the earth.

In fact, Wang Ying and Sun Ying'er took the initiative to propose the restriction of combat power.

Because after being separated from their true bodies, they also want to live like normal humans.

Relying too much on powerful abilities actually loses the flavor of life.

After Wang Ying and Sun Ying'er were separated, Lord Throwing Thunder once offered them an olive branch. They were given the position of War Sect Physical Technique Consultant, and their annual salary was higher than that of the CEO of an ordinary heaven-level sect.

In fact, Zhan Zong does not have this position at all, and hanging on it is equivalent to providing for old age.

Therefore, Wang Ying directly rejected the kindness of Lord Throwing Thunder.

Both of them chose to rely on their own strength to make money.

The first job the Shadow couple did was...delivering food.

Although their combat power is limited, they still have the ability to use the characteristics of shadow to quickly locate the seller. Wang Ying can deliver tens of thousands of takeout orders a day...

Relying on the income from delivering food, the Shadow couple quickly accumulated their first pot of gold.

Then, with the money they earned from delivering food, they bought the apartment they live in now and opened a "shadow boxing gym."

Boxing gym director: Wang Ying.

The number one female boxer in the boxing gym: Sun Yinger...

……

The business of the boxing gym is pretty good, and the person in charge of teaching physical skills is Sun Ying'er.

Young people should practice martial ethics.

Girls know the importance of their strikes, and "martial arts idiots" like Wang Ying, who can't help but become serious when fighting regardless of the opponent's level, are actually not suitable for direct teaching of physical skills.

Being a sandbag is the most suitable.

They are essentially shadows, and being beaten actually doesn't hurt at all.

And because of the characteristics of shadow, there is no need to worry about backlash and hurting students.

A gym manager who won't fight back and a beautiful coach who can do any pose quickly made the shadow couple's boxing gym famous in the area.

"Let's stop here today." At this time, Sun Ying'er said on the training ground of the boxing gym.

The morning class was over. She knew that Sun Rong would be here soon, so she calculated the time and prepared to close the school early.

"Thank you, Coach Yinger! I will come again tomorrow!"

A sunny-looking boy bowed to Sun Ying'er.

"Ah, I'm sorry, I forgot to tell you. We may be closed for a while in the next week." Sun Ying'er said with a smile.

"But like this... I won't be able to see Coach Ying'er! For Coach Ying'er, I recharged the card with a RMB 100,000!" The boy looked aggrieved.

"Remember the essentials of the movements and go back and train well. Be good~" Sun Ying'er laughed and consoled her.

She reached out and rubbed the boy's head. The boy's face flushed instantly: "Thank you... Coach Ying'er..."

After thanking him, the boy bowed again and hurriedly left the boxing gym, like a mimosa running in the wind.

The boxing gym has actually been open for some time.

Wang Ying felt that he should be used to it.

But now, he found that he regretted more and more that he had asked Sun Ying'er to play the role of female coach...

When the boxing gym enrolled students, he was worried that it would attract adolescents who watched a lot of idol dramas, so the screening criteria for boys was much stricter than for girls.

But now Wang Ying suddenly realized that even if he did this.

The smell in this boxing gym still made him smell a little wrong.

The lights were turned off, the people dispersed, and the entire boxing gym instantly became dark.

Sun Ying'er didn't go to the locker room and changed into a set of clothes directly in the boxing gym.

Anyway, there is no one else here except Wang Ying.

They were an old couple, they had seen each other everywhere, and it was not the first time that they changed clothes in front of Wang Ying, so Sun Ying'er didn't feel anything embarrassed at all.

However, it wasn't until the girl finished changing and was about to walk towards the door.

Just then, she saw Wang Ying blocking the gate with her arms folded, looking at her with a jealous look on her face: "Not bad, and you have a rich second generation obsessed with her?"

"What's wrong with you?" Sun Ying'er rolled her eyes at Wang Ying.

She felt that after so long, Wang Ying should understand that she was just acting out.

She had seen too many adolescent boys like this, whose hair had not even grown, so how could she casually fall in love with him?

Wang Ying chuckled, leaning against the door, and said in a weird voice: "I heard that Coach Ying'er has many physical skills, why don't you teach me too? I don't know how..."

"Don't talk nonsense!"

Sun Ying'er felt like she was holding back her breath: "Wang Ying, I'm warning you! Get back to normal immediately! Otherwise, I'll be really angry!"

As soon as he finished speaking, Wang Ying took advantage of the situation and grabbed Sun Ying'er's wrist.

Then he took the girl into his arms.

"Are you angry? Sorry, I was joking."

His tone suddenly softened: "Can't you treat me the same way as those students? Just look at me and rub my head?"

Sun Yinger felt a large wolf dog lying on her back.

That sense of security instantly dispelled the anger in her heart, and she began to feel a little funny: "It's been so many years, and you are still jealous of these children..."

"Then I'll be jealous all my life. It's not like you don't know?"

Wang Ying hugged Sun Ying'er and kissed Sun Ying'er's snow-white neck: "You know, I regret it now. I regret letting you become the coach..."

Feeling the warmth on the man's lips, Sun Ying'er's face turned red immediately from the kiss.

"What should I do? Do you mean to let me retire and stay at home?"

"Isn't this bad?"

"You support me?" Sun Ying'er smiled.

Wang Ying raised her lips slightly: "Yes, I will support you."

(End of chapter)





Chapter 16 The days when Shadow was neither shy nor impatient (2)


2022-04-02 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 16 The days when Shadow was neither shy nor impatient (2)

Sun Ying'er's mind immediately went blank after hearing these words.

In the impression, the large wolf dog currently lying on her back rarely spoke to her in such a gentle tone before.

But now this kind of love and tenderness that can't be suppressed in words seems to have become Wang Ying's habit.

The key is that Wang Ying is still saying the line that every girl in love wants to hear.

It sounds simple and plain, but it is full of a sense of security.

Sun Ying'er discovered that Wang Ying had really changed a lot. After so many years together, he gradually restrained his domineering and willful temper.

Leave the domineering and coldness to those irrelevant outsiders, but keep the most beautiful tenderness to yourself.

The two of them were leaning against each other, and through their clothes, Sun Ying'er could feel the heat coming from Wang Ying's chest.

Silence is better than sound at this time.

Wang Ying hugged the girl in front of him tightly, with a pleading expression on his face. He felt like he had captured the most beautiful thing in the world.

The thought of hugging the girl made his arms hold Sun Ying'er tighter.

In the dim boxing gym after the lights were turned off, the two shadows seemed to have found the world for each other in this environment.

"Relax a bit..."

"I will never let you go in this life."

Wang Ying lowered his eyes slightly, and his smile revealed a bit of doting.

At this moment when he hugged the girl, he actually thought of many things.

He remembered what happened before he and Sun Yinger were separated from their true bodies.

Once they had a big quarrel and Sun Ying'er disappeared for many days... No matter what method Wang Ying used, he could not find her.

It was at that time that Wang Ying just slowly discovered what the most important thing in his life was.

He is a shadow, and Sun Yinger is also a shadow...

However, during the time when Sun Ying'er disappeared.

Wang Ying just discovered it.

I don't know since when, they have been broken into each other and become one.

If only I could have been braver;

If only I could have been more proactive;

If only he could have been gentler and nicer to the girl...

Maybe Sun Ying'er won't leave.

In those days, Wang Ying was despairing and felt that the whole world had turned into black and white.

Wang Nuan jokingly called that period Wang Ying's dark history.

But Wang Ying doesn't think so.

During those days, for Wang Ying, there was nothing but fear...

He was too afraid that one day, the girl currently nestled in his arms would disappear again.

Therefore, he only felt that kind of satisfaction when he hugged Sun Ying'er.

"I think..." Wang Ying lowered his head and kissed Sun Ying'er's white forehead fiercely.

It's completely different from the kind of kiss that touches the water. Although Wang Ying has learned to restrain his dominance in front of the woman he admires, his actions are still as "rude" as ever.

Sun Ying'er was used to it and didn't find it annoying. She just turned around and pushed Wang Ying away: "What are you thinking about? A Nuan is coming soon. It's not good for children to see it..."

In fact, she was warned by Sun Rong a while ago.

Because Wang Nuan often comes to the boxing gym to play with her, sometimes she makes too many jokes in the adult world, which is also one of the main reasons why today's children mature prematurely...

"Yes." Wang Ying nodded slightly disappointedly, and then took Sun Ying'er into his arms.

"What are you doing..."

"Nothing to do, just another hug."

"You've been hugging her for so long, haven't you had enough?" Sun Ying'er looked at Wang Ying and pinched Wang Ying's cheek.

"How can I hug my own daughter-in-law enough?"

Wang Ying smiled evilly and said: "Why, you can't do this, why don't you give me a hug?"

"It's not that I don't agree, I'm just afraid that Nuan Yatou will see it and it will have a bad impact. If you can solve it within three minutes, that's up to you." Sun Ying'er spread her hands, and as she spoke, the speed of the car unknowingly increased.

"Three minutes? Then I'm not allowed to see an old traditional Chinese medicine doctor?"

Wang Ying smiled, lowered his head and took a bite of Sun Ying'er's neck, planting a strawberry mark in a particularly conspicuous position.

"Wow Wang Ying...you are crazy..."

"Yes, a little bit." Wang Ying smiled noncommittally.

He hugged the girl in his arms and muttered: "I just want to leave a mark and let those blind kids see that you have someone."

"childish……"

"You're not naive! This is my seal! Next time you go to class, wear an open-collared dress so that all those people can see it."

Sun Ying'er suddenly laughed out loud, and punched Wang Ying's strong shoulder in shame: "You're not ashamed, I'm still embarrassed!"

"There's nothing to be embarrassed about. It's better than those people who are confused about their position every day. I welcome those who come here to study seriously. I can't stand those who flirt with you in the name of studying."

Wang Ying frowned slightly and said, "My hint is already too polite. If I let it go, my life would have been taken away from them."

“……”

Sun Ying'er knew that Wang Ying's words were true.

As we all know, the Wang family is famous for being the jealous kings of East Asia.

In terms of personality, the more extroverted the personality, the stronger the jealousy... Therefore, if we want to make a ranking based on the degree of jealousy, Wang Ying will definitely be at the top.

Sighing silently in her heart, Sun Ying'er felt that for a moment, the wolf hanging behind her would not let her go so easily.

However, it seems that there is still a while until the agreed time.

So Sun Ying'er followed Wang Ying's wishes and let him hold her like that.

She felt that sometimes Wang Ying gave her a very reliable feeling, and other times, he was like a child in need of care...

Sure enough, maybe the men in the world are all "childish" creatures who won't grow up?

Sun Ying'er raised the corners of her lips slightly and smiled sweetly.

She doesn't mind Wang Ying's occasional "childish" behavior, because it's actually quite cute.

Men, it's okay to be childish once in a while.

As long as it's not a giant baby, it's fine.

……

As the appointed time was approaching, Sun Rong and Wang Nuan were already waiting at the bottom of the apartment building where the Shadow couple lived.

When Sun Rong wanted to give a house to Sun Ying'er, who would have thought that Sun Ying'er would not want it... The hotel-style apartment where she lives now was bought by this shadow couple who gave it away.

Of course, compared to the houses I have seen, the value of this apartment may not be worth mentioning.

But the warm feeling created by Wang Ying and Sun Yinger's joint efforts and with their hands is priceless.

And this point made Sun Rong particularly envious.

At this time, the girl looked up at the building in front of her, thoughtfully.

Sun Ying'er's familiar voice came from a distance instantly, penetrating the air: "Rong Rong! I'm coming!"

Sun Rong followed the voice and looked back.

She saw Wang Ying carrying Sun Yinger walking down the apartment building.

Both of them had smiles on their faces. Sun Ying'er seemed to be riding a horse, shouting and waving to her warmly.

This scene moved Sun Rong very much.

Under the noon sun, it seems that all the gorgeous colors are attracted by the two shadows at this moment, creating an enviable and beautiful painting...

(End of chapter)





Chapter 17 The days when Shadow was neither shy nor impatient (3)


2022-04-02 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 17 The days when Shadow was neither shy nor impatient (3)

Because of the low price of the hotel-style apartment where the Shadow couple lives, the real estate developer did not apply to the Xiuzhen Real Estate Administration Bureau for the implantation of "space expansion technology."

Therefore, the overall area of the apartment is not actually large, but it can be said to be fully equipped.

A tidy living room, a clean living room, a shiny and new bathroom, a kitchen without a trace of oil smoke, and a small balcony filled with sunshine...

Under the simple structure, everything is filled with the warmth of the lives of the shadows. They obviously cherish the things they have worked hard for and polish everything here.

Every inch seems to be filled with the love and cherishment of the two people.

In her memory, the girl vaguely remembered that it was her first time to visit the cozy apartment of the Shadow couple.

Because of the internal affairs of the family business, her studies, and her busy dealings with Wang Lingmu, she had missed many opportunities before.

"Rong Rong, come in."

Sun Ying'er took out the White Rabbit and Clam cotton slippers prepared in advance from the shoe cabinet.

Since Loopy Toad transformed into a human and started his own company, he has gradually developed into the best dog food supplier in Huaxiu.

The major shareholder is Erha himself, the executive CEO is Wei Zhi, and the brand image spokesperson is Erha himself.

Because of his soft and cute image, there are many IP products on the market based on Loopy’s dog head.

For example, dog head hats, dog head slippers, dog head backpacks, dog head pillows...

Sun Rong remembered when Loopy Ha's company went public.

I sent my own complete set of peripheral gift packages to everyone’s home.

But that was a few years ago.

As soon as she got home, the first thing Sun Ying'er did was to go straight to the balcony, open a few sealed mysterious large-diameter potted plants, and then place them in the sun.

A few days ago, it was rainy.

The sun has finally come out, which is a good opportunity to plant this type of spiritual plant.

"What is this?" Sun Rong was surprised.

"Brother Ying's little hobby is planting flowers and grass. However, considering that the spiritual plants planted before were not very practical, Brother Ying changed his strategy."

Sun Ying'er said: "The contents of these large potted plants are actually the seeds of upgraded rubber trees."

"Upgraded rubber tree? Why plant this?" Sun Rong was puzzled.

Natural rubber can be extracted from ordinary rubber trees for processing.

But the upgraded version of the rubber tree incorporates certain artificial gene sequence adjustment technology.

That is to say, after the tree is formed, there is no need to extract natural rubber from it.

The upgraded rubber tree can be customized based on "gene sequence adjustment technology" to directly produce the rubber products people want without the need for additional processing.

Since the Huaguo Water Curtain Group also has many connections with Lingzhiyuan, Sun Rong actually has a certain level of understanding in this regard.

And as she thought about it, she suddenly had a bad feeling...

Sure enough, the next second, Sun Ying'er continued: "Isn't this Brother Ying complaining every night that rubber products are not enough... So he thought, it would be great if he could grow them directly, and then he found Brother Ming . These things are all given by Brother Ming.”

“……”

Sun Ying'er said a little shyly: "If you plant them on the balcony, you can not only pick them and use them anytime, but you can also save money. When you are tired, you can stop and take a rest and enjoy the scenery."

"So it was delivered a long time ago? Why are you taking it out now?" Wang Ying stepped forward, squatting down and looking at the potted plants.

"You happened to be away from home when I delivered it a few days ago, and then it was cloudy recently and there was no sunshine. I just forgot about it. Brother Ming said that these potted plants don't need to be watered. They just need to wait for good weather to absorb the sunshine and grow. Be quick!”

"I see……"

Wang Ying nodded and looked at Sun Ying'er seriously: "You should have told me earlier. It doesn't matter if it's rainy. I'll just do a few sets of "Sun Boxing"."

“……”

Now it was Sun Rong and Wang Nuan's turn to be frightened.

"Sun Fist", is this how it is used...

Putting her thoughts back, Sun Rong looked at the cupboard in front of her, actually trying to change the subject.

Now she finally knew why Dad Wang was unwilling to come to the Shadow couple's apartment.

It's really easy to get your waist broken...

Originally thinking of finding a random topic, Sun Rong suddenly discovered that there were trophies and certificates in the cupboard.

Rong Sun looked at the shiny round trophy in the cupboard curiously: "What is this? Why have I never seen it before..."

"Actually, these are tires! I was the champion of last year's Golden Tire Hearse Drift Competition!"

Sun Ying'er laughed loudly: "I wanted to say that at the time, but because the trophy is made of pure gold, it would be troublesome to customize it. The competition team kept delaying it, and it was not until yesterday that it was just delivered by express delivery."

“……”

Sun Rong was shocked.

It turns out that Sun Ying'er can really drive... and she drives a racing car!

"She is quite talented in this area. If you like it, then do it. It's that simple." Wang Ying smiled and naturally stretched out an arm to gently hug Sun Ying'er.

In fact, the reason why he supports Sun Ying'er driving a racing car is actually very simple.

That means driving a race car can help lift your butt.

There are many curves on the racing track, and Sun Ying'er has a habit of pushing her butt first when driving through curves.

After going back and forth, Wang Ying discovered that his wife's buttocks had been perfected.

Of course, Sun Ying'er couldn't understand the man's petty thoughts, but was only moved by Wang Ying's support for her behavior.

"Be honest... Rongrong and An Nuan are still here..." Sun Ying'er tugged on Wang Ying's arm.

She felt that Wang Ying's hand started to be dishonest again, and she didn't know what he was thinking. He first hugged her waist, and then suddenly slid down like a jumping machine.

When the little move was discovered, Wang Ying whistled and showed an innocent expression.

Men are indeed creatures that become more "childish" as they grow older...

At this moment, the three women present sighed involuntarily.

Sun Rong was naturally envious in her heart.

Although the place where the Shadow couple lived was not big, the warm atmosphere here made her think a lot for a while.

She thought of the oath she made when she was in Wang Ling's dream and when she finally said goodbye to Wang Ling in front of her heart prison, and the energy in her heart suddenly rose again.

Here, Sun Rong felt as if she saw the shadow of her and Wang Ling's future.

And now she and Wang Nuan are here for the grand plan of calling Wang Ling out of the "heart prison".

"Sit down."

At this time, Sun Rong's expression suddenly became serious. She sat down directly on the sofa in the living room and said, "A Nuan and I came to you this time. Actually, we have something to ask of you."

Wang Ying took Sun Ying'er's hand, clasped their fingers together, and sat opposite Sun Rong.

After hearing this, the two looked at each other with obvious doubts.

But soon, Wang Ying came to his senses: "Is it for the Lord's business?"

Miss Sun can come to your door to ask for help in person.

No matter what Wang Ying thought, he only thought that only that man could make the girl have the courage.

Open your mouth like this.

Sun Rong nodded: "Yeah..."

After a brief response, Wang Ying and Sun Ying'er already understood everything.

"So what do you need us to do?" At this moment, Wang Ying asked.

"Then I'll just tell you."

At this time, Sun Rong took a deep breath and looked at Wang Ying: "I need to take Ying'er back for a while..."

(End of chapter)





Chapter 18 Please give me more advice for the rest of my life


2022-04-02 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 18 Please give me more advice for the rest of my life

It took Wang Nuan about half an hour to explain his overall plan clearly.

Because this plan has certain potential risks, Sun Lotus and Wang Nuan still adhere to the attitude of "requesting" for this action.

"Is there anything you don't understand about Brother Ying and Sister Ying'er?" Nuan Yatou stared at the two of them.

In fact, as long as Wang Nuan is willing, as the master of Shadow Dao, there is no problem even if he takes coercive measures.

Therefore, this special visit is of great significance to the Shadow couple.

Before they applied to be separated from the main body, they had actually been struggling because they were not human beings.

No shadow in this world can live without its master.

Before formally applying for separation, Wang Ying still remembered what Wang Ling said to him when he first captured him.

At that time Wang Ling said to him: "Even if you escape, I will catch you back..."

At that time, Wang Ying had been struggling. He was too afraid of Wang Ling's gaze and whether he could survive after leaving Wang Ling.

But in the end, it was for Sun Yinger.

Wang Ying bravely took his step.

That day.

This was the second time Wang Ying cried since he became conscious.

The first time was because he couldn't find Sun Ying'er.

But this time, he was touched by Wang Ling's words.

He remembered that Wang Ling was wearing a snow-white shirt and looking at him under the sun.

Although many years have passed, Wang Ling's youthful feeling has never stopped.

Then, he saw the young man in front of him put his knuckles lightly on his shoulders and said, "Just be yourself..."

Then without saying a word, he turned around and left with his trouser pockets in his pockets.

Wang Ying felt that maybe he would never forget the scene of that day.

He and Yinger can live such a warm little life now.

All of this was because Wang Ling, Wang Nuan and Sun Rong gave them this opportunity.

"As long as Ying'er has no objection, I have no problem."

So now, Wang Ying agreed simply, just like Wang Ling did back then.

"I don't have any objection, as long as Ling Zhenren and Rongrong can really be together." Sun Ying'er said with a smile.

"Have Brother Ying and Sister Ying'er really thought it through... This plan is really risky. What if..."

What Wang Nuan originally wanted to say was that if the plan failed, there might be a certain probability that Sun Ying'er would disappear again.

However, before Nuan Yatou finished speaking, she was interrupted by Sun Ying'er: "There is no chance! It's just that we need to be patient for a while. Brother Ying and I will be fine! And we both believe that the plan will succeed. !”

Hearing this, Sun Rong's eyes filled with tears and she couldn't help but stepped forward and hugged Sun Ying'er: "Thank you, Ying'er! Really... thank you..."

"We don't talk about this between us."

Sun Ying'er hugged Sun Rong back, then reached out to hold her face, took out a tissue and gently wiped the girl in front of her, her eyes full of tenderness.

This scene suddenly reminded Sun Rong of many things she had done with Sun Ying'er.

Those scenes made Sun Rong unable to stop her tears from falling, and she burst into tears instantly.

"Rong Rong, why are you crying again? You are still the same emotional person as before." Sun Ying'er said with a smile in her eyes.

"I just didn't expect that you would agree so easily."

"Because we also hope that Rongrong can be happy."

At this time, Sun Ying'er grabbed Sun Rong's hand: "Rong Rong, do you know why Brother Ying and I haven't received the certificate?"

“Isn’t it because the photos taken are always in black and white?”

"What's the reason?"

Sun Ying'er couldn't help but laugh. She held Rongrong's hand and said, "Actually, we are waiting for Rongrong and Lingling!"

"You are here, waiting for us..."

"yes."

Sun Ying'er's face was bright and beautiful: "When the time comes, let's go together!"

"Yinger..."

Sun Rong's tears couldn't stop falling, and her voice was trembling.

She felt that Sun Yinger's existence was like her own sister.

I don’t know since when, Sun Ying’er has been her relative.

……

Everything was in order for this visit. Sun Rong and Wang Nuan said goodbye to the Shadow couple.

After the two left, Sun Ying'er snuggled into Wang Ying's arms.

It’s not that fast to implement the big plan.

At least there is still 2 months of preparation time.

In fact, by the time Sun Rong takes back Sun Ying'er, this is already the last step of the big plan.

Before that, they still have a period of time where they can get along, get used to each other, and do things together that are not shy or impetuous.

"What's wrong? Do you regret it?"

Wang Ying stroked the girl's hair, rolled up the ends of the hair playfully, and then let it go.

Sun Ying'er's fragrance lingered on her fingertips, which gave Wang Ying a sense of satisfaction.

"Rongrong's matter is my matter. How can I regret it?" Sun Ying'er shook her head and said.

"Too."

Wang Ying nodded and couldn't help but smile: "Just now you two hugged each other, wiped your nose and tears, and held hands. If you really can't come back, it seems that it would be good to live with Miss Rong for the rest of your life."

After hearing this, Sun Ying'er immediately slapped Wang Ying hard on the shoulder.

There was a dumbfounded expression on his face: "Wow! Why are you so jealous!"

"Why, I'm jealous, and you're still not happy?"

Wang Ying raised his eyebrows and hugged Sun Ying'er tighter: "Don't be angry...I'm all joking..."

"Of course I know."

Sun Yinger closed her eyes slightly, enjoying the feeling of being enveloped in warmth.

Sometimes she often felt like a little rabbit hiding in the belly of a wolf.

On the sofa, Wang Ying k You can go and get the certificate directly.”

"You are not the same as Master Ling..." Sun Ying'er looked aggrieved.

"How can this be the same? Your master is a piece of wood, and it's not like you don't know that."

Wang Ying suddenly laughed: "Do you still remember the time when you disappeared? I really couldn't help it, so I talked to the Lord. As a result, no matter what I said, the Lord just said one word: Well... you know me How devastated was it?"

"That's really impressive."

Sun Ying'er couldn't help laughing.

At this time, she suddenly lay down directly, pillowing Wang Ying's head, looking at Wang Ying's beautiful eyes from below: "Actually, Rongrong came here mainly for you."

"I know."

Wang Ying nodded: "Miss Rong knows that you will definitely agree to her, but she is mainly afraid that I won't agree."

"But you agreed very simply."

"Miss Rong, she actually doesn't understand the friendship between my Lord and I very well."

"What kind of friendship is it?"

"Your Majesty, to Miss Rong, is the light in her life."

Having said this, Wang Ying was silent for a long time.

There was a hint of memory in his eyes, and he finally said with a smile: "In fact, your Lord is also my light to me..."

Sun Ying'er was shocked when she heard these words.

She looked at Wang Ying and was suddenly moved by Wang Ying's words.

"What, are you jealous?"

Wang Ying gently stroked the girl's cheek, which was pillowed on his lap.

"No. I'm just touched."

Sun Ying'er wiped her tears, stood up suddenly, and looked at Wang Ying seriously: "If the final plan succeeds, please give me your advice for the rest of my life!"

"Definitely."

Wang Ying hugged Sun Ying'er and gently kissed her on the girl's forehead.

Sun Ying'er hugged back and hugged her tightly.

At this moment, the two people on the sofa were as hot in their bodies as in their hearts.

Sun Ying'er couldn't stop crying.

But they were tears of joy.

Wang Ying...

It's so great to like you...

(End of chapter)





Chapter 19 The tight temperature


2022-04-02 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 19 The tight temperature

[Try to deepen your traces in Wang Ling’s memory as much as possible during these days]

This was the task assigned by Wang Nuan to Sun Rong before the big plan was implemented.

The girl will naturally try her best to complete it.

To be honest, before deciding to carry out this desperate plan.

Sun Rong felt that she rarely had such courage to take the initiative to ask Wang Ling to go out for something.

The girl still vividly remembers the embarrassing things that happened when they were alone in the past.

These days, she would dream about Wang Ling locked in the prison of her heart almost every day, with a look of pain on his face.

It was this desire to lead the young man out of trouble that made Sun Rong find new courage.

She really felt that she should be braver.

Don't wait until later to regret your previous cowardice, timidity, and retreat...

Everyone says that when women chase men, there is a veil between them.

If Wang Ling is not a piece of wood.

Sun Rong felt that maybe this was indeed true.

However, the distance between her and Wang Ling was more than just a mountain.

In the past days, Rong Sun once felt that she was living like a climber, working hard to reach the top and climbing over mountains one after another.

However, the endless road ahead once plunged her into despair.

But now, as the big plan is about to be implemented, Sun Rong feels that she has new hope.

The mountain roads that were originally shrouded in fog suddenly cleared up and became clear before our eyes.

Just try harder.

Just be braver.

After climbing over this mountain, backed by the magnificent scenery at the foot of the mountain, is the Sea of Love with all the beauty...

……

When Wang Ling opened his eyes this day, he saw a familiar figure sitting on the edge of his bed.

"Sun...Rong?"

Wang Ling thought he had seen it wrong and hurriedly rubbed his sleepy eyes.

Then, deep in his memory, the familiar face of the girl suddenly came towards him.

"Wang Ling, are you awake?"

Wang Ling could feel the girl's fragrant breath permeating the air.

The distance was so close, only a few inches apart, and the tips of their noses almost touched.

Wang Ling retreated subconsciously, his face immediately burning up to his ears. His shy look made people want to pinch his face or give him a kiss.

This is too cute...

Sun Rong sighed in her heart.

Once upon a time, I don't know how many times, she has been jokingly called "Steam Queen".

Although Wang Ling's reaction now is not as exaggerated as his reaction at that time, it is still the correct reaction.

"Wang Ling, did you also have this day?"

Sun Rong couldn't help but smile proudly in her heart.

In the end, she restrained herself and resisted the urge to touch Wang Ling.

Before Wang Nuan's final big plan was implemented, Sun Rong had a package of small private plans that she wanted to do with Wang Ling.

The current atmosphere is not the right time.

But it seemed a bit abrupt to do it rashly.

Suddenly, Sun Rong seemed to notice.

It felt like I was playing a love development game called "How to Properly Flirt with Wang Ling".

"I'm here to return the pajamas." Sun Rong handed over the previous set of White Rabbit pajamas with both hands and placed them next to Wang Ling's pillow.

Wang Ling has an excellent sense of smell.

He could smell that the smell on the washed pajamas was the same as Sun Rong's.

It is an elegant and dignified light fragrance.

Suddenly, Wang Ling's memory fragments were suddenly opened, and a vague fragment suddenly flashed back in his mind.

In the picture, he seems to be being carried by a girl, walking along a night road.

And in that memory, Wang Ling suddenly thought that it seemed to be this familiar smell...

Sun Rong... is actually carrying her behind her back?

Is this a dream?

Suddenly, Wang Ling was a little confused.

But such a sense of reality seems to be within reach, and it is real but not like a dream at all...

"What are you thinking about?"

Sun Rong looked at Wang Ling's dazed look and couldn't help but smile: "Get up quickly, I'm just here to return your clothes and pick you up to watch a movie."

Wang Ling: "?"

"You won't forget... In June, I made an appointment with Zhuo Yi and Liangzi to watch it together. As a result, the movie kept changing gears, and it finally premiered."

Sun Rong reminded: "Besides, this is the first movie you have volunteered to watch!"

As soon as he said this, Wang Ling suddenly remembered this incident.

He did say he was going to see it.

However, the theme of this film is actually quite boring. It is a literary and food documentary called "How Noodles Are Made"

Wang Ling originally thought that no one would choose to go see it with him.

As a result, Sun Rong came to find him first.

Immediately afterwards, Zhuo Yi and Jiugong Liangzi also came over and said they wanted to form a group together.

At the time, this surprised Wang Ling.

As a result, due to various reasons, the film kept changing gears and being postponed for a long time.

Wang Ling didn't know what was going on.

As time went by, Wang Ling almost forgot about this matter.

The girl's words were like enlightenment, and he suddenly remembered.

"So she always remembers it..."

Wang Ling thought to himself while brushing his teeth in the bathroom.

I don't know why, but my heart suddenly feels warm.

Also a little happy...

A few minutes later, Wang Ling changed into clothes for going out and appeared in front of the girl waiting in the living room downstairs.

A neat and new white shirt, and the familiar pair of ripped jeans.

Sun Rong seemed to have seen this kind of dress many times in her memory. Although the clothes were old, the young man in front of her was still as clean as in her memory.

"Let's go, Wang Ling."

Sun Rong took the initiative to walk over and hold Wang Ling's hand.

It was only at this time that Sun Rong suddenly discovered.

Wang Ling's hands were actually much bigger than he thought.

Although Wang Ling's appearance has not changed over the years, the most obvious change is that he has grown a lot taller.

It wasn't until she took the initiative to hold it that Sun Rong discovered that Wang Ling's hand seemed to be extraordinarily big...

Sun Rong remembered the day of the parent-teacher meeting, when Wang Ling took the initiative to come over and hold her hand.

At that time, her heart was beating wildly with excitement, and she had no time to think about anything else.

"What's wrong……"

Wang Ling looked at the girl in front of him who was suddenly stunned.

"No."

At this time, Sun Rong opened her hand and compared it with Wang Ling's palm, and couldn't help but smile: "Wang Ling, look, when I just held it, I found that your hand is bigger than mine~ I seem to , I can’t hold you.”

Wang Ling stared at the palms that fit together, and the warmth between them was conveyed in the palms.

He discovered that his hands were indeed very big, much larger than Sun Rong's.

Sometimes, many things happen once and become familiar the second time.

Wang Ling suddenly found that he was used to the act of holding hands.

As a result, Sun Lotus didn't have time to react.

Wang Ling's palm, which was close to the girl's palm, suddenly shifted its angle.

The thin fingers with distinct finger bones were as slippery as a loach and ran along the girl's fingers.

The two people's hands were clasped together like this...

(End of chapter)





Chapter 20 The Belonging of Happiness


2022-04-02 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 20 The Belonging of Happiness

Wang Ling actually didn't quite understand why he suddenly did that.

Looking at Sun Rong's expression when she compared her hands with hers, the movements of her hands involuntarily shifted, and then she held her tightly.

There was clearly no thought in his mind.

But his body movements seemed to be out of control.

Unexpected honesty.

By the time Wang Ling came to his senses, their hands were already clasped together.

Everything seemed to be logical and natural.

Although Wang Ling was surprised by his uncontrollable reaction.

But the moment I held it, something like a warm current suddenly surged out of my heart.

Those warm things, one by one.

There is no heaviness whatsoever.

They were running and jumping towards the depths of Wang Ling's heart.

The empty hourglass that filled Wang Ling's heart was still there.

And just when these warm, tiny sands are gradually filling the bottom half of this empty hourglass.

The hourglass suddenly turned upside down again.

All the sand flows out little by little from the connection port of the hourglass...

What followed was a line of tears in Wang Ling's right eye.

Wang Ling's mood at this time did not fluctuate much.

I don't even understand what happened to me.

At this moment, he held Sun Rong's hand and felt that he had everything.

But I feel.

I have nothing...

"Wang Ling, what's wrong with you..." Sun Rong raised her arm, already holding her own silk in her hand, and gently helped the young man in front of her wipe away the lonely tears.

Wang Ling's expressionless face and tears touched her heart.

Ever since I learned about the existence of "Heart Prison".

The previous incomprehension of Wang Ling.

Now I can feel the same way.

She thought she could endure it, but found that she could no longer hold it back.

Then Wang Ling felt the breath of the girl in front of him approaching quickly, and he hugged her fiercely: "Wang Ling, don't cry. I will always be with you."

In her ear, Sun Rong said this.

Both of their ears felt hot.

Like overlapping bonfires, they were suddenly ignited.

On the way to the station, the two held hands and walked for a long time.

Wang Ling felt that he had calmed down a little.

But I still don’t understand why I cried just now.

He wanted to apologize to Sun Rong.

But he didn't know what to say.

He originally thought that the always talkative girl would say something, but he didn't know if it was because his "inexplicable" tears just scared the girl, which made the expression on Sun Rong's face become extremely complicated at the moment.

In fact, this complex mood is made up of a variety of emotions.

It was for Wang Ling. I feel distressed, distressed, and still distressed...

And, a little bit of satisfaction.

Sun Rong had imagined many times holding hands with the boy she admired and walking on the road together.

Today, the wish comes true.

She should be satisfied, but she is not.

Suddenly there was a deeper desire in my heart.

For the first time, she felt that she was so greedy, so eager to get more things from the young man around her...

Now the distance between the two is only a layer of window paper sandwiching the "heart prison".

It seems like it's just a thin layer.

But trying to break through this final barrier is hard to come by and makes people unable to breathe.

On the way, she adjusted her emotions as much as possible.

At this moment, a sound of wind sounded next to my ears.

The wind picked up, and the maple leaves on the trees hovered for a long time, and finally fell, fluttering on Wang Ling's shoulders.

Sun Rong stretched out her other hand and picked off the maple leaf that was stuck on the young man's shoulder.

The two people's eyes met naturally, and the young man's eyes were as clear and clean as ever, without any impurities, just like when they first met.

Each other's faces are reflected in each other's faces.

At this moment, Sun Rong suddenly felt a sense of calm.

"Wang Ling!"

She stopped and looked at Wang Ling, thinking of what she wanted to say.

"Huh?" Wang Ling looked at her and stopped.

hand, but did not let go.

"Don't be afraid! Just be yourself!"

"?"

Wang Ling heard that the girl looked at him seriously.

Saying things he didn't understand.

He saw that the expression on Sun Rong's face was tangled for a while, and then she smiled at him: "No matter what choice you make, I hope you can always be happy..."

"?"

This was another sentence that Wang Ling didn't understand.

Although I didn't understand it.

But the movements of his hands tightened unconsciously.

"Wang Ling, don't use so much force..."

"Feel sorry……"

"It's okay..." Sun Rong felt a little pained, but the expression on her face did not mean to blame.

There was a smile in her heart.

To be honest, Wang Ling didn't understand why he did that.

But the boy's body's honest reaction is really cute.

……

In front of the cinema, Jiugong Liangzi and Zhuo Yi waited for a long time.

They were all patient, sitting on the bench at the door and sipping the bought popcorn.

"I'm sorry, Liangzi. Master and Mistress are probably on their way..."

"I don't mind. I'm not here to watch a movie anyway."

Jiugong Liangzi said: "'How Noodles Are Made', a vulgar science and education film, is probably only of interest to real people."

"But you were very interested in searching for movie reviews last night." Zhuo Yi said with a smile.

"I want you to be a widow!" Jiugong Liangzi snorted softly.

Although so many years have passed.

Both he and Jiugong Ryoko have undergone many changes.

And he looks a little younger than before.

Because Zhuo Yi shaved off his mustache.

And Jiugong Liangzi has become more mature than before.

The only thing that remains unchanged is her cute appearance that means something different, and the eternal "ordinary road" on her chest...

"I really hope that Master and Mistress can end things as soon as possible. As a disciple, I can rest easy." Zhuo Yi smiled bitterly.

Ever since he recognized Sun Rong's status as "Master's Wife", he started his own assisting activities.

As a result, this assist lasted ten years...

This was something Zhuo Yi never expected.

"They've been struggling long enough."

When Jiugong Liangzi spoke, the expression on his face was helpless.

These two people are constantly chattering!

I don’t know how long it took for me to prepare tens of billions of dollars.

Hurry up and get the red envelope for me and go get the marriage certificate, you bastard!

If it weren't for the fact that he was in public, Jiugong Liangzi would really like to make such a roar in his heart.

"But it should be soon."

On the bench, Zhuo Yi smiled softly: "I hope that everyone who likes the people they like can find their own happy place one day..."

"What do you mean?" Jiugong Liangzi stared at Zhuo Yi.

"It's just a blessing. I have no regrets."

Zhuo Yi stretched out his hand and hugged Jiugong Liangzi into his arms: "Because I have found him."

"You...feed me."

Jiugong Liangzi's face turned red, she held a cup of popcorn in her hand, and then opened her mouth "Ah".

Zhuo Yi smiled softly, lovingly picked up a popcorn and threw it into the girl's mouth.

(End of chapter)





Chapter 21 Them later


2022-04-02 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 21 Them later

Wang Ling's university major course selection was: Cultivation Food Processing Technology.

This was one of the main reasons why Wang Ling was initially interested in watching the movie "How Noodles Are Made".

In my memory, before college, I had gone to the cinema to watch movies with Sun Rong several times.

But because in the past, whenever I was alone with Sun Rong, something would always happen.

For a time, Wang Ling felt lingering fear.

Who would have thought that today he would hold the girl's hand and come to the door of this familiar cinema together.

Wang Ling felt that this did not seem to be his usual style of conduct.

He also felt that something had changed.

But I couldn't tell where the problem was.

Once upon a time, he would worry about whether his uncontrollable power would pose a threat to the people around him, the earth, and even the universe.

And now after possessing the "Eternal Talisman".

Wang Ling found that he had more things to worry about.

For example, holding Sun Rong's hand along the way.

He began to worry that he might accidentally squeeze the girl's hand too hard like he did just now and it would hurt.

He began to worry whether he could still hold the girl's hand like this in the future...

He began to worry, not knowing where this inexplicable feeling of worry came from.

He started to worry...

If I let go of Sun Rong's hand now, what would I do if she disappeared?

But all these are ideological struggles.

It just happened in the blink of an eye.

Wang Ling felt like he couldn't think about all the questions in detail.

Whenever he wants to go deeper and figure out these lingering questions.

There seemed to be a "boundary" deep in his heart.

Completely isolate all the keys that are close to the answer...

For a moment, Wang Ling felt that his mind was completely blank.

There is a feeling of calming down after being in a daze.

"Don't think too much, Wang Ling... let's watch a movie first!" Sun Rong comforted her on the way.

Wang Ling nodded numbly.

To be honest, holding Sun Rong's hand made him feel at ease.

Walking all the way to the front of the cinema, Wang Ling saw Jiugong Liangzi and Zhuo Yi feeding each other on the bench.

The shaved Zhuo Wei obviously looked much younger. He smoothed his curly hair very neatly, as if he was a young man in love.

He didn't look like a middle-aged man at all.

A shimmering golden popcorn fell from the sky.

Zhuo Yi calculated the parabola accurately and opened his mouth.

The sweet popcorn instantly melted in his mouth.

Zhuo Yi obviously didn't expect that Wang Ling and Sun Rong would happen to come over at this time.

He couldn't help but blush immediately.

He has always been very thick-skinned.

It's okay to hand out dog food with Jiugong Liangzi in front of outsiders.

But Wang Ling and Sun Rong are different.

These are his master and his wife!

Zhuo Yi felt a little embarrassed to be seen by his own people.

"Senior Zhuo Yi is really capable!" Sun Rong covered her mouth with a smile.

"Haha, I made you laugh. Isn't this just waiting to have some fun while having nothing to do?"

Zhuo Yi scratched his head and said with an attentive look on his face: "Ah, by the way, Sister Sun Rong, do you want me to buy something? Liangzi and I have almost finished the popcorn."

After saying this, Jiugong Liangzi suddenly said "Hey".

"What's wrong Liangzi?" Zhuo Yi asked with concern.

"It's okay...a little cramp..."

After Jiugong Liangzi finished speaking, Sun Rong quickly continued: "It's okay, Senior Zhuo Yi, please take care of Liangzi. Give her a massage, and Wang Ling and I will go buy it."

After saying this, Wang Ling nodded as if he was slow to respond, and then took Sun Rong to the concession stand in front of the cinema.

After seeing the two people leaving, Jiugong Liangzi breathed a sigh of relief and glanced at Zhuo Yi: "I see you are quite clever usually, why did your brain suddenly shut down now?"

"What do you mean? Are your legs still cramped?"

Zhuo Yi squatted down, with a distressed look on his face, and gently rubbed Jiugong Liangzi's muscles: "How are you doing? Calf or thigh? Are you feeling better?"

Looking at Zhuo Yi's expression, Jiugong Liangzi didn't have any temper at all.

It seems that every time, Zhuo Yi can use this gentlest expression.

Hit her.

Then melt her completely...

"I don't have cramps..."

Jiugong Liangzi murmured in a low voice: "Look, Sun Rong and Wang Ling are so good. They finally get together so naturally. Of course, we need to create more space for them. Don't worry about trivial matters like buying popcorn. No matter how small the space is, it is still space.”

"So you were just faking it?"

Zhuo Yi smiled immediately, and then he suddenly realized: "It's okay, wife, you're out of school!"

Jiugong Liangzi was used to quarreling with Zhuo Yi.

I wanted to blurt out: "Who is your wife..."

But now I think about it, it seems that I have already obtained the certificate with Zhuo Yi.

It's really inappropriate to say this.

He just snorted softly.

This little expression is so cute.

Zhuo Yi couldn't help but hold the girl's face in his hands and kiss her right cheek fiercely.

"You, you... are so dirty..."

Jiugong Liangzi said he was disgusted, but he also extended the left side of his face.

Zhuo Yi couldn't hold it back for a moment and directly gave Jiugong Liangzi a complete set, just like a chicken pecking at rice.

Then both laughed.

Zhuo Yi and Jiugong Liangzi were hugging each other on the bench.

A kind of steady happiness suddenly arises in my heart.

……

In front of the movie theater's concession stand, Sun Rong bought two large buckets of popcorn.

One of the buckets was specially customized, and the popcorn was covered with a special dry dough base.

Back then, the movie theaters owned by Zhan Zong were the first to lead a wave of rhythm.

Now, almost every movie theater has this configuration in their popcorn packages.

No one thought that the biggest beneficiary behind this market-oriented phenomenon of following the trend and following the herd mentality was Wang Ling himself.

Holding Sun Rong in her left hand, she held crisp popcorn in her right hand.

Peace of mind and peace of mind.

Just like a layer of layer cake...

Wang Ling suddenly felt that this world was worth it.

Just as he was about to leave with Sun Rong, Wang Ling suddenly saw a familiar figure.

He thought he had seen it wrong.

As a result, at this time, Sun Rong also recognized the familiar figure: "It seems to be Brother Xiaoche?"

Jiang Xiaoche...

Wang Ling murmured in his heart.

Jiang Xiaoche actually caused a lot of trouble for him back then.

But later.

Wang Ling did not delve into it.

Because later, it seemed to be because of Jiang Yingying.

Jiang Xiaoche voluntarily resigned from Huaguo Water Curtain Group.

After that, Wang Ling never heard from this person again...

Now I see Jiang Xiaoche again.

Although he was wearing sunglasses and a mask, he covered himself tightly.

But the overall feeling is obviously much more haggard than before.

"I didn't expect what happened to classmate Jiang Yingying would be such a big blow to Brother Xiaoche..." Sun Rong couldn't help but muttered.

After not seeing each other for many years, she should have gone up to say hello.

But after thinking about it carefully, she decided to give up.

Jiang Xiaoche looked like he was obviously completely closed off.

As for the matter between Jiang Xiaoche and Jiang Yingying.

Whether it's Wang Ling or Sun Rong, they have only heard about it and don't know that much...

The only sure thing is.

Later them.

There is no more later...

At this moment, Wang Ling saw Jiang Xiaoche alone.

That familiar, lonely figure seemed to be gradually overlapping with his, which actually gave him a trace of fear...

It was like experiencing a nightmare.

In an instant, he was covered in sweat.

(End of chapter)





Chapter 22 Them later (2)


2022-04-02 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 22 Them later (2)

Jiang Xiaoche's lonely back made Wang Ling's heart suddenly freeze, as if he was tightly grasped by something.

For a moment, he seemed to feel from Jiang Xiaoche what he once was.

Wang Ling suddenly felt like he was submerged in the deep sea.

The suffocation that followed made the sweat on Wang Ling's forehead slide uncontrollably and drip down his cheeks...

Then, small craters were made on the ground that looked like they had been shot by miniature laser cannons.

"Wang Ling?" The slightly worried question from Sun Rong suddenly brought Wang Ling back to reality.

He looked at the girl, and his mind suddenly went blank.

As if by magic, Sun Rong took out a piece of silk and gently wiped away the sweat from Wang Ling's forehead.

She moved her lips and looked at the direction Jiang Xiaoche left.

What happened to Jiang Yingying suddenly came to mind again, and she suddenly felt a little melancholy in her heart: "For Brother Xiao Che, this cinema should be a place where he and classmate Jiang used to go. Maybe it's some anniversary, That’s why he thought of coming here.”

she sighed.

Although I feel in my heart that Jiang Xiaoche and Jiang Yingying have reached this point.

This is entirely due to Jiang Xiaoche's own reasons.

But now seeing the man in such a dejected state, Sun Rong couldn't help but feel a little uncomfortable.

A long time has passed.

Some have moved on.

And some people are still closed in the painful reincarnation of the past...

Is this really necessary?

"Why, you always have to wait until you lose it before you know how to cherish it."

Somehow, Sun Rong looked at Jiang Xiaoche's back and said these words.

This was an unintentional remark, but it made Wang Ling's heart twitch slightly again.

Just before the movie started, four people were sitting side by side in the four seats in the center of the theater's sofa seats.

Wang Ling and Zhuo Yi were sandwiched between the two girls.

Sun Rong and Liangzi Jiugong sandwiched them head and tail.

This seating arrangement perfectly eliminates the possibility of other girls sitting on both sides.

Jiugong Liangzi was chewing popcorn and felt something was wrong with the atmosphere, so he curiously called Zhuo Yi and asked, "What's going on? Why did my mood suddenly become low after I came back from buying popcorn? Am I , did something wrong..."

Zhuo Yi carefully reached out and gently held Jiugong Liangzi's head, leaning on his shoulder: "It's not your fault, Liangzi."

He sent a message: "It should be because he saw Jiang Xiaoche's relationship..."

Zhuo Yi sighed.

Regarding the matter between Jiang Xiaoche and Jiang Yingying.

Zhuo Yi actually knows a lot of things...

It's just that this matter is too sensitive, and it can easily ruin the atmosphere.

Zhuo Yi never wanted to mention it in front of others.

"It turns out it was him..."

As for the name "Jiang Xiaoche", Jiugong Liangzi was actually very familiar with it.

She looked at Zhuo Yi's eyes and guessed from her tacit understanding that Zhuo Yi probably knew a lot of inside information: "How much do you know about him?"

"It's nothing."

Zhuo Yi heard the message and couldn't help but smile: "It's just a story about a childish man."

"You still talk about other people, you are quite childish."

Jiugong Liangzi crossed his arms again and snorted.

"Yeah, a little bit."

Unexpectedly, Zhuo Yi did not refute Jiugong Liangzi's words, but instead sighed with emotion: "A man will never become mature before he meets the person he really likes. Xiaoche, he was undisciplined when he was young. I'm used to it, so I can't tell whether I really like Miss Jiang... and then I missed the opportunity. "

Zhuo Yi's words made Jiugong Liangzi's expression slightly dull.

"So, has classmate Jiang Yingying ever liked him?"

"Maybe I liked it."

Zhuo Yi replied, "Otherwise, classmate Jiang Yingying wouldn't have blocked that sword for him in the Battle of Destiny."

The Battle of Destiny that year.

It is said to be a war that determines the fate of all cultivators...

The whole people mobilized to fight against the powerful army formed by Bai Zhe.

And it was during that battle that Jiang Yingying blocked Jiang Xiaoche's sword.

That sword is deadly enough...

Just a little bit away, Jiang Yingying would not be able to survive.

But it was that sword that paid off all the grievances between Jiang Yingying and Jiang Xiaoche.

All the favors, the past and memories...

All of them were wiped out with this sword.

It was at that moment.

Only then did Jiang Xiaoche realize what he really needed.

He began to try to remedy the situation.

But no matter what kind of struggle he made, it was already too late.

"During that period, both of them lived a very gloomy life. However, sometimes fate comes and everything follows."

"You mean the days when classmate Jiang was hospitalized?"

"Yes, when classmate Jiang was hospitalized, wasn't it true that Lord Throwing Thunder kept visiting her? On the surface, he wanted to give her an award and record classmate Jiang's heroic performance on the battlefield..."

Zhuo Yi smiled and said, "And it turns out that classmate Jiang Yingying is living a good life now, isn't she?"

"Now?"

When Jiugong Liangzi heard this, he suddenly showed an expression of enlightenment: "But didn't Classmate Jiang always say that Lord Throwing Thunder is her sworn brother..."

"Hehehe, do you believe this too?"

Zhuo Yi smiled with a familiar smile: "The two of us are actually in love, it's just that neither of us has a showdown."

……

Just before the movie was about to start, Wang Ling saw two familiar figures appearing at the entrance.

It was none other than Lord Throwing Thunder and Jiang Yingying.

The two of them walked forward with their backs bent, for fear of blocking others, and happened to take their seats in the row in front of Wang Ling and his party.

This sudden appearance surprised both Wang Ling and Sun Rong.

They actually didn't know that Lord Throwing Thunder and Jiang Yingying would also make an appointment to watch a movie today, and it would be the same movie as the one they bought...

What a coincidence!

On the other side, Zhuo Yi and Jiugong Liangzi also looked a little surprised.

He wanted to say hello, but Sun Rong seemed to notice something at this time.

She quickly gave Zhuo a shushing gesture, and then, just in case, she quickly used Ohai's sword energy to completely seal the four of them's auras.

Maybe it's a girl's sixth sense.

Sun Rong always felt that Lord Throwing Thunder brought Jiang Yingying to the cinema today.

He must be planning some big plan.

Jiang Yingying seemed to have a premonition, and she seemed extremely nervous during the whole movie watching process.

Sure enough, at the moment when the last shot of the movie was played.

Of course, Diurei mustered up the courage to stand up and showed a big smile to Jiang Yingying: "Ms. Jiang Yingying! Excuse me, can you date me!"

The loud words immediately attracted the attention of everyone in the theater.

Jiang Yingying burst out laughing, her face as red as a cherry: "Idiot, aren't we already dating?"

At that moment, the two embraced each other.

The cinema immediately burst into applause.

"Congratulations, Zhenjun!"

At this time, Sun Rong unlocked Aohai's sword energy barrier, and Zhuo Yi stood up and applauded fiercely.

"Why are you here..." Lord Throwing Thunder was extremely surprised.

He never expected to run into an acquaintance in the cinema.

The theater's confession plan had actually been planned by Lord Throwing Thunder for a long time.

He originally wanted to choose the right moment to take action.

As luck would have it, Wang Nuan suddenly gave him two movie tickets yesterday.

He said that if he confessed his love today, the chance would be 100%!

And now it is exactly as Wang Nuan expected.

His confession was indeed successful.

However, Lord Throwing Thunder always felt like he was being tricked...

"It made everyone laugh."

Lord Throwing Thunder took Jiang Yingying's hand, touched the back of her head, smiled sheepishly and said, "I'm treating you to a treat at noon today. Can we all go out and have something to eat together?"

"That's great." Sun Rong also clapped her hands gently.

There was envy in her eyes.

I suddenly figured it out.

The reason why Jiang Xiaoche suddenly appeared in front of the cinema.

Wang Ling looked at this scene and felt the envy in the girl's eyes.

As if inspired, she suddenly grabbed Sun Rong's hand...

He clearly wanted to do something.

But it happened that at this time, the blank space in his mind was like a ruthless blizzard, drowning all his thoughts again...

(End of chapter)





Chapter 23 Winter Camp for Couples


2022-04-02 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 23 Winter Camp for Couples

That day, True Lord Throwing Thunder's confession brought many new thoughts to Wang Ling.

However, just like before, all these thoughts could not withstand Wang Ling's scrutiny and careful consideration.

Whenever he made up his mind to think deeply, his mind would go blank.

Just like the winter snow in this season, a vast expanse of white...

And Wang Ling felt like a person trapped in an avalanche.

All calls will only bury him deeper.

A few days after returning from the cinema, Wang Ling's state was obviously not right. He often sat on the sofa alone in a daze.

"Don't think about Ling Ling, come over and eat." Wang Ma tried to shout.

Then Wang Ling moved to the front of the dining table like a robot, like a programmed program, which made Wang Ma feel distressed.

There was total silence throughout the meal.

Wang Ling, on the other hand, stood up slowly like a robot and went upstairs alone, not knowing what to do.

Wang Ma estimated that there was a high probability that she was still in a daze and just changed places.

"The child's father, do you think Wang Ling is in love now..." Wang Ma looked at Wang Ling's back with some hesitation.

When they were eating just now, she wanted to ask about Sun Rong's situation, but seeing Wang Ling in such a state, Wang Ma didn't dare to ask.

"Who knows." Father Wang raised his lips and smiled: "But in the current situation of our family, Ling Ling probably doesn't know what the state of love is, right? He can't understand it."

"How about calling Rongrong over for dinner? I think we still need to deepen our understanding." Wang Ma thought about it and said.

"It's better for us not to get involved. Let the children handle their own affairs. Parents have always been more helpful and chaotic."

Dad Wang said: "I think Rongrong has a lot of ideas. She has her own rhythm. Let Rongrong handle it herself."

In fact, these days, Dad Wang also noticed that Sun Rong and Wang Nuan seemed to be very close.

Although the two girls were very close in the past, they weren't actually stuck together all day long.

So from this, Father Wang judged that these two girls were most likely thinking about something that could derail his Wang Ling's plan.

If it can really be trapped, Father Wang would actually like to hear about it.

Just do it boldly.

"I heard there is a winter camp event at Lingling's university tomorrow. Rongrong should call him over."

At this time, Father Wang smiled, and then put a chicken drumstick for Mother Wang: "We two, just wait and see what happens! What is the saying? In the midst of strategizing, we can win the battle thousands of miles away."

Mother Wang couldn't help but laugh: "Other people's children fall in love with great vigor, you and me. This living treasure of ours is so good, he often becomes autistic, and the whole world has to mobilize to play with him. art of war……"

"You know, Ling Ling needs time. I believe he will understand."

Father Wang scooped another bowl of winter melon soup for Mother Wang and said with a smile, "But before that, you have to take care of your body. We both have to witness together, our family Ling Ling's happiness."

"Okay, I'll listen to you... you said it so disgustingly..."

Mother Wang muttered, but her face turned red after listening to Father Wang's words.

……

The next morning, Rong Sun was standing at the door of the Wang family's villa wearing an orange-red down jacket.

The warm-colored outfit and the thick-looking fluff on the brim of the hat give it a very warm feeling.

Wang Ling was wearing a plaid windbreaker with a scarf hanging around his neck. The lower half of his face was completely buried in the scarf. It was so cute that you couldn't help but want to take a bite.

In fact, for advanced practitioners, winter is not actually cold.

But winter clothing is still a must.

Mainly to feel the winter atmosphere.

Zhanmen University organizes winter camp activities every year. The entire winter camp area is rented by the university. Interested students can go there by themselves and set up their own camp there.

With your student ID card, you can enjoy free tents and related picnic services in limited campsites.

The essence of winter camp activities.

The main thing is to establish a relationship between students.

If you already have a partner, you can deepen your relationship.

If you are still single, you can also try to find a suitable partner through activities.

Although the organizer is Zhanmen University, Zhanmen University actually contacted several other good-quality comedians at the same time to carry out social activities.

And now, after years of preparation, the IP of "Zhanmen Winter Camp" has been successfully launched.

There are also many students who successfully get involved in the activities every year.

Even Chen Chao and Guo Hao had found their partners at this event before.

The location chosen for this year’s Zhanmen Winter Camp is at the foot of Yufeng Mountain.

Yufeng Mountain is also called Fairy Mountain. At this time of year, the entire mountain is covered with snow, as if the fairy is covered with a layer of white gauze.

Especially in the early morning and dusk, the unique seven-color blood on the top of Yufeng Mountain will disperse into colorful clouds like aurora under the illumination of light.

The magical scenery is so beautiful that it feels unreal.

Last year we were at Jingxu Lake, and this year we were at Yufeng Mountain.

The winter camp location chosen by Zhanmen every year is unique.

In Wang Ling's impression, this seemed to have become a must-go activity with Sun Rong every year.

But if Wang Ling goes there, his purpose is not to make friends and fall in love... but for the limited noodles.

This is an additional service for winter camps.

This is also a little ingenuity of Lord Throwing Thunder...

In order to attract Wang Ling, Lord Throwing Lei would ask professional pastry chefs to design limited-edition crispy noodles that fit the theme of the winter camp every year.

Facts have proved that the effect is actually quite good.

At least Wang Ling goes every year.

Although there is no final showdown every year...

As for the professional pastry chef hired by Zhenjun Zhenlei, this appointment lasted seven years...

When the two arrived at the foot of Yufeng Mountain, smoke was already rising from the core area of the camp in the distance, and many people had already started to gather together to prepare lunch.

At the entrance of the camp, Wang Ling and Rong Sun showed their student ID cards and planned to choose a big tent to enter like previous years.

As a result, after the camp director verified the information, he showed an apologetic expression: "Ah, I'm sorry, both of you. There are too many people participating in this year's winter camp. The 12 large tents we rented are all full. Now There are only couples left...oh no, it's a two-person tent. I wonder if you two would mind..."

In fact, the person in charge is referring to the "couples tent".

But because he was not sure about the relationship between Wang Ling and Sun Rong, he felt that it would be a little abrupt if he spoke like that.

So mid-sentence, I changed the wording to "two-person tent."

But in fact, everyone who understands understands...

The situation seemed to suddenly become awkward.

I don't know if it was caused by the cold wind, but Sun Rong's face turned red: "Wang Ling, why don't we..."

At this time, Wang Ling suddenly took the girl's hand, took a step forward, and looked at the person in charge seriously.

Wang Ling: "Just one!"

The person in charge was startled by Wang Ling's sudden reaction: "Okay..."

This seemed to be another instinctive reaction that Wang Ling didn't understand why he did what he did.

He discovered that since college, although the locations of winter camps kept changing every year, one thing seemed to never change.

That's when I live in a big tent with Sun Rong every year.

Wang Ling became increasingly intolerable as the other boys in the big tent glanced at the girl.

Until this year…

He found himself as if.

My patience has reached a breaking point.

(End of chapter)





Chapter 24 Drinking Wang Ling’s Cup


2022-04-02 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 24 Drinking Wang Ling’s Cup

"Everyone, please work harder. Dinner will be served soon!"

In the camp at the foot of Yufeng Mountain, college students from major universities are preparing lunch. The wild area filled with smoke is filled with a warm and romantic atmosphere.

Near the camp, there are many spiritual fruits and spiritual plants that are limited to winter.

Within the camp, all the fruits and plants you see can be picked and eaten.

Assorted wild vegetable soup, spiritual fruit pancakes, winter snow spiritual chickens caught nearby, and spiritual insects whose heads were removed and were all protein.

This kind of bug grows up eating spiritual fruits. It has no germs and its body is very clean.

The key is that the fat content in the body is particularly high.

You can fry them to make crispy meat, or mash them directly to support combustion.

After the residue is filtered through magic, it can even be made into natural insect oil for cooking food.

"Oh, no! People are most afraid of killing chickens!"

A girl held a hatchet in one hand and pinched the wings of a winter snow pheasant in the other. She looked like she didn't know where to start.

In fact, it's a great opportunity to make friends.

When a boy nearby saw this, he quickly walked over with a smile and wanted to help: "Do you need help?"

As soon as she walked over, the girl raised her knife and chopped off the chicken head. Blood covered the face of the boy who was approaching.

Wang Ling and Sun Rong: "..."

"Luanluanluo, I don't want your help!"

Immediately afterwards, the girl made a face to the boy, quickly squatted down and started handling the snow-white chicken feathers.

Although the original intention of "Zhanmen Winter Camp" is to make friends.

But after all, there are many people, and there are people of all types and styles...

This girl who killed the chicken is definitely a yandere!

And using a hatchet to kill a chicken... looks very scary!

Many boys who had been secretly observing the girl and were planning to find a reason to go over and chat with her also retreated when they saw this scene.

This girl is terrible.

Although beautiful, beautiful.

They thought it was better not to provoke him.

This hatchet is so sharp.

What if it were used on them one day... It wouldn't be worth the loss!

With the joint preparation of various groups of people, this lunch looked particularly sumptuous.

Wang Ling and Sun Rong arrived a little late.

It is actually against the rules to just enjoy the meal so openly when you have no contribution.

But...

Because of their frequent visits, most people in the camp actually knew about the existence of Wang Ling and Sun Rong.

And in fact, there have been private rumors in the camp.

It is said that the "Zhanmen Winter Camp" was opened to deepen the relationship between the two.

And this time it has been open for seven years!

Seven years!

If it were someone else's child that would have been born out of soy sauce, why haven't these two people confirmed their relationship yet?

In the camp, many people who knew Wang Ling and Sun Rong felt a little desperate.

So many people make up their minds on the first night of camp activities.

Decided to join this mighty assist plan.

So in the early hours of this morning, a group of people went straight to the core area of the camp and occupied all the big tents.

When Wang Ling and Sun Rong arrived, only the two-person tent was left.

Rong Sun actually didn't know that this plan to occupy the tent was actually planned by Wang Nuan in private...

Nuan Yatou is a master of planning.

There is no other ability.

The routines come one after another.

Sometimes Sun Rong even thinks that this girl Wang Nuan is a bit scary...

I don’t know which boy will be trapped by Nuan Yatou in the future.

Sun Rong could not predict the future, so she could only give a quiet moment of silence to Nuan Yatou's future boyfriend.

"Senior Sister Sun Rong, you and Senior Brother Wang Ling... are here again!" A young man with curly hair walked over, his face full of sunshine.

This is the camp's general manager and security consultant, named Zhou Ziyi.

Wang Ling and Sun Rong were no strangers to this man.

Because Zhou Ziyi is Zhuo Yi's disciple, his original name is Zhou Ziyi.

After he successfully became a disciple of Zhuo Yi, he changed the last word to "different", which is the same as Zhuo Yi.

"Yes." Sun Rong smiled helplessly: "But you and I, Senior Brother Wang Ling, seem to have arrived late. This year everyone seems to be particularly enthusiastic and come so early. At this time in previous years, there were not many people."

"Hahaha, Zhanmen Winter Camp is already very famous. Things are different now."

Zhou Ziyi smiled and said, "Dinner will be served soon, how about we come together?"

"This is so bad. Neither I nor your senior brother Wang Ling have much to contribute..." Sun Rong said politely.

"We are all our own, senior. You're welcome. It's fine if senior doesn't mind the food made from local materials that is not on the road. How many people want to invite senior to dinner but they never get a chance." Zhou Ziyi said this as if he meant it. As if, after he finished speaking, he stared at Wang Ling.

Wang Ling's hand holding Sun Rong's hand tightened subconsciously, and his eyes were a little wary.

Zhou Ziyi felt happy when he saw it.

Because his master was Zhuo Yi, Zhou Ziyi himself paid special attention to the "master" and "master's wife" in front of him.

Although there seems to be little progress between the master and the master every year.

But this year seems to be a little different...

Look at these little hands starting to hold hands!

And the most important thing is that the master actually started to learn to be nervous... This is a huge improvement!

Zhou Ziyi was deeply moved.

If it weren't for the fact that he felt it was impolite to take pictures, he would have even taken out his mobile phone and took a photo of the hands they were holding!

He felt it was necessary to record this scene.

Maybe it will be a "world famous painting" in a hundred years!

Although this year’s Zhanmen Winter Camp is particularly lively, and many new faces have been added.

But Wang Ling and Sun Rong actually knew most of them.

After all, they come every year.

In addition, Zhou Ziyi, a social butterfly, is in charge.

Wang Ling and Sun Rong were placed in Zhou Ziyi's group.

A crude cup made from a clay pot, filled with hot wild vegetable soup.

After cultivators with golden spiritual roots use magic to reinforce them, they are also extremely strong.

Zhou Ziyi took the lead in holding the cup[]~(￣▽￣)~*! : "Welcome to Zhanmen Winter Camp! I wish you all can get out of singles as soon as possible!"

A group of boys shouted along with Zhou Ziyi, and the scene instantly became lively.

This winter, it's not cold at all.

"Ah, so warm."

With Wang Ling sitting next to her, holding hot wild vegetable soup in her hand, Sun Rong felt extremely satisfied.

If there was no one else here, she really wanted to just rest her head on Wang Ling's shoulder.

Then gently close your eyes and feel the unique beauty and tranquility in the world.

Halfway through the meal, someone suggested a script kill.

When clearing things on the table, the position of the cups seemed a bit messy.

Many people marked their cups in advance and took away their cups.

The last two cups left belonged to Wang Ling and Sun Rong.

Sun Rong couldn't tell whose cup it was for a while.

The girl who was concentrating on reading the "script" in her hand reached out to take a cup and took a sip.

"Senior...that seems to be the senior's cup." At this time, Zhou Ziyi reminded.

"Ah...did I get it wrong? Wang Ling, I..."

Sun Rong was a little embarrassed and was about to apologize to Wang Ling.

As a result, at this moment, she saw the young man beside her pick up her cup and take a sip.

"Pfft! So, are you even with me?" Sun Rong laughed out loud.

Looking at Wang Ling's ears that were quickly getting hot.

She put her face close to Wang Ling's ear and breathed softly: "Why are you so cute, Wang Ling?"

(End of chapter)





Chapter 25 Love Chronicles at Zhanmen Winter Camp (1)


2022-04-02 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 25 Love Chronicles at Zhanmen Winter Camp (1)

For Sun Rong, Wang Ling's various interesting reactions were a kind of comfort and hope.

Every time he saw Wang Ling, he had a cute reaction that he had never had before.

She felt like she was one step closer to the dawn of victory.

There is so much bitterness and pain in these years of suffering and waiting.

Sun Rong felt that no one could feel the same as her except herself.

So, will you regret it?

She doesn't think so.

Although now, perhaps no one knows what Wang Ling is thinking.

And she knew very well that Wang Ling's thoughts would be disturbed by the "heart prison".

But everything seems to have become insignificant.

At least now, the world she owned was sitting next to her.

And also in the same tent.

Stay there for several days.

In the evening, the girl ran out to help prepare dinner. She asked Guaiguai to wait in front of the tent for the meal.

It wasn't that Wang Ling didn't want to help on purpose, but because Wang Ling's aura was too strong.

Meat needs to be prepared in the evening.

Even with the suppression of the "Eternal Talisman", if Wang Ling went there together, the spiritual beasts near the camp would probably be scared away in advance.

So it’s better not to help...

Following Sun Rong's instructions.

Wang Ling hugged his knees obediently and buried half of his face in his knees. The light rising from the fire illuminated his face.

It turned his skin into a fiery red.

Not long after, Wang Ling saw a familiar figure approaching in the distance.

The man wore a vest that exposed his muscular arms.

It was obviously winter, but it was like a walking bonfire, as if it could ignite everyone around it.

Wang Ling was so familiar with this figure that he didn't even need to look at his face. Just from the way he was dressed, he knew that the person coming was definitely Chen Chao.

In the Zhanmen Winter Camp, Chen Chao actually left behind many legends about himself.

One of the two most famous ones has already been embodied in Chen Chao.

There is no doubt that Chen Chao is a very famous atmosphere destroyer...

Although most cultivators are not afraid of the cold in winter, they wear winter clothes mainly to feel the atmosphere.

But Chen Chao, who came directly wearing a vest and underpants, was still the number one person.

Many people have a headache with this atmosphere destroyer.

But this year, it’s actually much better.

Because Chen Chao already had his girlfriend, the two of them, like Wang Ling and Sun Rong, received a two-person tent and walked from the material receiving area, talking and laughing all the way.

"Wang Ling!"

Chen Chao knew that Wang Ling and Sun Rong would definitely come back this year, so he was not surprised by their presence.

When Wang Ling saw Wang Ling sitting alone in front of the fire in front of the double tent, he quickly walked over with the girl in sportswear next to him.

"Hello, classmate Wang Ling." The girl greeted Wang Ling.

"You should know by now, Wang Ling. My partner is Liu Yaqian! You can call her Aya! I posted it on Moments." Chen Chao crossed his arms and held Aya in his arms as if declaring sovereignty.

This action made Wang Ling startled.

Before he could reply, Chen Chao suddenly came over and whispered excitedly in his ear: "Okay, Lingzi... You and Miss Rong are sleeping in the double tent!"

Wang Ling: "I..."

Chen Chao: "Don't worry, Aya will stay away from me at night and won't disturb you! Do you have a small umbrella? Pay attention to safety!"

Wang Ling: "?"

……

About ten minutes later, Sun Rong happened to bump into Chen Chao and Liu Yaqian who were setting up a tent on their way back.

"Chen Chao, Aya!"

She took the initiative to say hello.

Chen Chao came over, smiling from ear to ear, and said, "Hey! I see an acquaintance again!"

"You two are already successful, why are you still coming to the winter camp?" Sun Rong also smiled.

"Isn't this a return trip to the old place to get a feel for it?" Chen Chao smiled sheepishly: "By the way, I'm going to practice double cultivation."

The "double cultivation" mentioned by Chen Chao actually has an additional meaning.

And this is also the second famous legend left by Chen Chao in Zhanmen Winter Camp.

As a straight man in No. 60 Middle School, Chen Chao actually has many opportunities to be single...

However, I missed it many times.

For example, in several winter camps in previous years, a girl fell in love with Chen Chao but was too embarrassed to say it openly, so she used the excuse of "cultivating magic weapons" to ask Chen Chao to help in the tent.

The result was good for Chen Chao.

Not only did he not have the intention to "get" the girl, he also took Guo Hao with him to practice the magic weapon.

Commonly known as: Dual Cultivation...

Before Chen Chao officially found a partner, people used this "meme" to make fun of him every year.

Now that he has found his partner, Chen Chao has even learned to use it to make fun of himself.

After saying hello to Sun Rong, Chen Chao smiled evilly and looked at her: "Tonight, Aya and I are truly dual cultivators."

“……”

Sun Rong blushed and ran back quickly.

A few minutes later, by the fire, the girl was trying to use the firelight to cover the blush on her face.

Chen Chao's previous words made it difficult for her to calm down for a long time...

And when she thought that she would really sleep in a tent with Wang Ling at night, her heart suddenly beat faster.

On the other hand, the young man next to him was as calm as ever, which made Sun Lotus a little at a loss.

Sometimes Sun Rong thinks.

This is too easy to accelerate the heartbeat, which is also a problem.

And ever since she met Wang Ling, she seemed to have committed this problem frequently...

We weren't even in the tent yet. We were just alone with Wang Ling for a few minutes. Sun Rong felt like she was going crazy.

"Wang Ling, I suddenly want to eat ice cream."

Sun Rong turned her face slightly and stared at Wang Ling.

She knew that asking for ice cream in the middle of winter sounded like she was seriously ill.

But now she had to do something to cool herself down.

Wang Ling stared at Sun Rong's face for a few seconds, then stood up.

Sun Rong grabbed Wang Ling's sleeve and asked, "What are you doing?"

"Buy ice cream for you."

Wang Ling spoke concisely and to the point, and there was no emotion on his face.

Despite this, Sun Rong was still happy.

If you want to eat, get up and buy it for her immediately. The boy she likes is so outstanding!

But actually, it’s not fun to buy ready-made ice cream.

So Sun Rong pulled Wang Ling's sleeve and said with a smile, "We can do it ourselves!"

"Um."

Wang Ling nodded and returned to his seat.

With Olympian's power, it's actually easy for a girl to make sea salt-flavored ice cream.

However, making ice cream requires very high precision in power control.

If you don't stop it, it will be easy to make a smoothie.

Rong Sun held a ceramic cup and poured the materials collected near the tent into it.

She first cracked the eggs of the Dongxueling chicken into a cup, took only the yolk part, cracked it, and made a yolk paste.

Then use magic to extract the nectar from nearby plants, refine the sugar, and mix the two thoroughly to make cream.

The final step.

I saw the girl holding up the ceramic cup in her hand.

Along with the blue aura gushing out from his palm, Wang Ling saw that the material in the ceramic cup was gradually condensing at a speed visible to the naked eye.

"It's done!"

Sun Rong quickly took two small spoons and inserted them into the homemade sea salt and nectar ice cream.

Because of using Olympian's power to make ice cream.

Wang Ling saw that Sun Rong's fingers were slightly red from the cold.

This doesn't actually matter.

But he still put the ceramic cup in Sun Rong's hand on the ground first.

Then he gently held the girl's hand and breathed a sigh of relief.

This warm current.

It was as if there was a force that hit her soul directly, causing the girl's heart to tremble and her whole body to heat up.

if you can.

She even hoped selfishly.

Time can be frozen in one moment forever...

(End of chapter)





Chapter 26 Love Chronicles at Zhanmen Winter Camp (2)


2022-04-02 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 26 Love Chronicles at Zhanmen Winter Camp (2)

Another instinctive reaction for no apparent reason.

Since wearing the "Eternal Talisman", Wang Ling has actually discovered that many emotions he had never experienced before have been released one by one.

He found that he would blush and his heartbeat would speed up...

And now when he saw the girl's hands that were red from the cold, Wang Ling found that his heart was twisting together like a twist.

This feeling made Wang Ling feel a little happy.

At the same time, there was also some fear.

He was happy that he was not the freak or cold-blooded animal that some people once thought him to be.

It turns out that even he can have the same emotions and emotional ups and downs as normal people.

The reason for panic is because after turning on the "emotion" switch.

This sudden feeling made Wang Ling feel strange.

He didn't know whether his reaction was right or wrong, and he was even less sure why his body made these seemingly natural instinctive reactions...

"I'm fine, Wang Ling."

He saw the young man holding his hand with a serious expression as if he was blowing out a candle.

Sun Rong's first response was a natural delight.

Ever since Wang Ling's mood recovered, she had never gotten tired of seeing all kinds of interesting reactions.

He is obviously a college student in his twenties.

Every little expression on his face is like that of an adolescent boy who has just begun to fall in love, so cute that people want to hug him tightly.

For this reason, Sun Rong sincerely thanked Wang Ming for developing the Eternal Talisman.

Because this is really critical.

If there is no eternal symbol.

There is no "big plan" planned by her and Wang Nuan to break the prison of the heart.

And if Wang Ling's strength was not restrained...

It's useless even if they finally get together.

For example, like just now, the old plot that appears in all love works, simply holding hands and taking a breath of hot air, may not be possible.

Others hold their hands and breathe to keep warm.

Wang Ling held his hands and breathed out a nuclear bomb...

Without the Eternal Talisman.

This time, everyone may be gone.

And every time she thought of this, Sun Rong couldn't help but sigh that Chinese culture is so profound and profound.

Love in other people's homes is vigorous and vigorous.

The love between her and Wang Ling, without the eternal talisman, seemed to be "vigorous"...

……

In the evening, Zhou Ziyi suggested a script killing game.

Wang Ling realized that he would switch to board games this year.

In the past, he was actually very unaccustomed to this kind of group board game, but now with the experience of participating in winter camp in the past two years.

The initial unaccustomed feeling has long since disappeared.

This kind of "script killing" board game is very popular now.

To put it bluntly, it is an advanced version of "Werewolf".

Everyone will play a different role in different script settings.

Then have a complete timeline of the day of the crime.

It is necessary to finally deduce who is the mastermind and murderer based on the causes, processes, and results of the script, as well as the second and third rounds of evidence collection.

If you can also deduce an accomplice, you can get extra points.

The script-killing props were prepared in advance by Zhou Ziyi.

All scripts have been recorded in multiple crystal balls the size of ping pong balls.

Sun Rong was sitting next to Wang Ling beside the campfire. She took out a character crystal ball from Zhou Ziyi's bag, and then watched eagerly as Wang Ling also took one from the bag.

The entire drawing process is random, and no one knows what character they will get.

But looking at Zhou Ziyi's eyes, Sun Rong always felt that this little guy seemed to be planning something...

Take last year for example.

They were playing "Abnormal Version of Three Kingdoms".

The so-called abnormal version means that the basic card library has 10,000 cards.

Then each person can hold up to 10 times more cards in his hand than his own blood volume in each round.

Wang Ling drew [Lord] and the character [Cao Cao].

Then Sun Rong drew [Loyal Minister] and the character [Hua Tuo].

At that time, Sun Rong had a clear feeling that she was being arranged by Zhou Ziyi...

Because those [traitors] and [rebels] will kill [the lord].

When Wang Ling kept draining blood, Sun Rong could only keep using the cards in her hand to feed Wang Ling with blood.

Sun Rong remembered that the game seemed to have no result in the end.

Because none of these [traitors] and [thieves] attacked her even though they knew they were [loyal].

As a result, in that game, Sun Rong at least used character skills and item cards to feed Wang Ling peaches ten thousand times...

After the game that year, Zhou Ziyi originally thought that with such assists, even a piece of wood would blossom.

But Wang Ling didn't take it seriously.

He was addicted to the card game in his hand, and spent his whole life with a group of people until dawn...

At that time, even Zhou Ziyi was desperate.

So this year, Zhou Ziyi decided to change his approach.

"Script kill"!

All these characters are designed.

Moreover, the script was personally selected by Zhou Ziyi, a love-killing script...

This year, Zhou Ziyi still doesn't believe that his master can remain indifferent!

Of course, as for the assigned roles, Zhou Ziyi had done it in advance.

The roles Wang Ling and Sun Rong played in the "Script Killing" seemed to be drawn at random.

But in fact, he personally selected it...

……

Since it was the first time for many people to play this game, Zhou Ziyi volunteered to be a guide.

"There is no God in this game, but many people here are playing it for the first time. So, let me guide you through the game first."

Zhou Ziyi sat cross-legged in front of the campfire and said seriously: "First of all, please read carefully the character you received in the character crystal ball. Understand the character's background and relationship with other characters, and read the case carefully. If you are the murderer, hide yourself as much as possible and prove your innocence.”

"If it's not the murderer, please judge the authenticity based on what other players said and combine it with the subsequent evidence collection to find the real murderer."

"Of course, the most important thing is to assume the role. And during the game, please don't say anything like the paragraph mentioned by XXX is not in my script, do you understand?"

"clear."

Everyone nodded.

……

Less than 20 minutes later, everyone had finished reading their character's crystal ball and recorded it deeply in their minds.

"Now then, please briefly introduce your roles one by one."

Zhou Ziyi said: "Let's go counterclockwise, starting from Senior Sister Sun Rong, then Senior Wang Ling."

Sun Rong was stunned for a moment after hearing these words.

She actually didn't expect that she would be the first one.

I thought carefully about the script I just read.

Sun Rong took a deep breath and said: "My name is Wang Rong. I am 33 years old. I am a sales manager. Let me tell you this first... okay?"

"OK."

Zhou Ziyi smiled and looked at Wang Ling: "So, where is the senior?"

He knew that the show was about to begin.

Wang Ling recalled the script and then said, "My name is Sun Cun. I am 36 years old and a wealthy businessman."

Zhou Ziyi: "No more?"

Wang Ling: "Yes."

Zhou Ziyi: "It's not okay for the senior to just say these things."

"?"

Wang Ling slowly raised a question mark.

That's not what you just said...

Helplessly, Wang Ling had no choice but to add one key piece of information.

He said calmly: "Wang Rong, it's me, my wife."

After saying this, everyone in the audience could not help but raise their mouths crazily...

(End of chapter)





Chapter 27 Love Chronicles at Zhanmen Winter Camp (3)


2022-04-02 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 27 Love Chronicles at Zhanmen Winter Camp (3)

Although I have already prepared for the pitfalls inside.

But this pit is too big.

Because she has been "molested" by various people, Sun Rong believes that she is no longer the "Steam Girl" she used to be.

But as soon as she heard such words, the heat rushed to the top of her head, and her ears burned red.

This time, it was too straightforward...

Although this is a role played in the script, I heard these words with my own ears.

It still made Sun Rong feel a faint sense of happiness.

She smiled bitterly inwardly.

I find that I seem to be a very easy-to-satisfy person...

Zhou Ziyi thought that this assist was very smooth.

He arranged more than just roles.

Even the script-killing script was carefully planned by him.

That's right...

It’s about planning, not selection.

It is actually not easy to find a suitable script.

So Zhou Ziyi directly found several seniors majoring in screenwriting at the School of Liberal Arts to customize this script.

As for the cost, of course Zhou Ziyi paid for it himself.

He didn't ask Zhuo Yi for reimbursement.

Everything is for the happiness of Master and Master!

The final ending of the script is actually very touching.

"Sun Cun" played by Wang Ling and "Wang Rong" played by Sun Rong are actually not the real murderers.

But they think each other is the murderer.

So during the defense session, the two were protecting each other.

Everyone was stunned.

Most people here know Wang Ling and Sun Rong.

I also know that Wang Ling usually doesn't say much.

But in this year's winter camp, Wang Ling seemed to talk more than in all the previous years combined.

"I told you, it's not her."

"Rong Rong, no, the murderer..."

"After sorting out the timeline, I have a higher possibility."

"Wang Ling..."

Watching the young man chatting with other scholars, Sun Rong was stunned.

She couldn't help but smile knowingly.

……

Many people can actually see that such protection may not just be because of the script design.

But they were not sure whether Wang Ling could realize this.

But no matter what the result is.

Zhou Ziyi's goal has been achieved.

He looked at this scene with satisfaction, feeling happy in his heart.

Although I am not sure how much help I can bring.

But Zhou Ziyi felt that at least he had completed this year's "KPI".

……

It was already midnight after identifying the murderer, and someone wanted to kill him again.

As soon as the man finished speaking, Zhou Ziyi covered his mouth: "Kill for whatever reason! Go to sleep! Even at such a young age, you already know how to play board games!"

"Well..."

The young man whose mouth was covered looked very aggrieved.

"If you don't want to die, just shut up."

Zhou Ziyi transmitted the message and glared at the man.

The young man immediately became honest and stopped talking about continuing to kill the script.

How could a single dog like this in a big tent understand the joy of sleeping in a winter camp?

Although cultivators can stay awake for a long time, but... in the wild environment, when two people are alone in a tent and all the lights are turned off, it is a good opportunity to enhance their relationship!

It was pitch dark inside the two-person tent.

Wang Ling opened his eyes.

Wang Tong's night vision ability allowed him to see particularly clearly.

In fact, Sun Rong had many things she wanted to say to Wang Ling.

She also understood that Zhou Ziyi dismissed everyone early just to give her and Wang Ling enough time to be alone.

Aohai's sword barrier had been set up by Sun Rong outside the tent.

She had even thought of everything in advance to ensure that the whispers between herself and Wang Ling would not be passed on.

But I don't know why.

When Sun Rong got into the sleeping bag, a great feeling of sleepiness suddenly rolled over her heart.

Perhaps it was because Wang Ling was by her side that made her feel at ease.

Maybe it's because the vacancy in my heart has been satisfied.

Perhaps it was because of the warmth conveyed by the young man's breath that made her feel nostalgic...

That mysterious power was like a kind of incense to help sleep, and it suddenly made Sun Rong take off all her vigilance.

She felt like she had never been so relaxed.

Not long after he lay down, the fight started under his eyes.

"No... I can't sleep yet... I still have to talk to Ling Ling a lot..."

Soon, Sun Rong entered the dream.

Wang Ling turned his body sideways.

Looking at the girl's sleeping face from close range, the temperature on her face rose again unconsciously.

It seemed like this was the first time since childhood that he rested in the same space as a girl...

He looked at the fair-skinned girl in front of him, and felt a faint sense of joy in his heart.

It was completely different from Sun Rong's reaction.

Wang Ling suddenly realized that he seemed to have trouble sleeping tonight.

And this kind of insomnia is not the same as before.

He couldn't figure it out.

He used to worry about his power overflowing and lose sleep.

But now...

And for what?

As he was struggling in his heart, Wang Ling saw Sun Rong turn around, turning her body over with her back to him.

Obviously knowing that this was just an inadvertent move.

Turning your body over while sleeping is a natural reaction.

However, this made Wang Ling feel an indescribable feeling of discomfort.

He struggled internally for a long time.

Finally, he stretched out his sinful hand, turned the girl's body back, and turned her face to his side.

really.

This seems much better.

Wang Ling quickly felt the discomfort in his heart disappear.

An inexplicable feeling of stability.

However, this stability did not last long.

Sun Rong turned her body back again, facing away from Wang Ling.

"Rongrong's sleeping appearance is so bad..."

Wang Ling murmured in his heart.

It was also the first time that he rested in the same room with Sun Rong, and it was also the first time that he encountered such a situation.

Then, Wang Ling stretched out his hand again and pulled Sun Rong back.

One night, Sun Rong was rolled back and forth by Wang Ling dozens of times...

In the end, Wang Ling simply stopped reaching out and directly used the "primer technique" for remote control.

Unfortunately, she was so fast asleep that she didn't even notice.

By the time I realized someone was turning over me, it was almost dawn.

She pretended that she was not awake and wanted to see what Wang Ling wanted to do.

When she realized that the boy was turning her body over, wanting to face him face to face, Sun Rong's heartbeat suddenly beat faster.

Wang Ling is too cute...

But to confirm my guess.

Sun Rong turned her body back again.

Sure enough, in less than a few seconds, Wang Ling used the "attraction technique" to twist her back.

Sun Rong couldn't help it immediately.

He laughed out loud: "Wang Ling... Do you want to make pot stickers so early in the morning? Why do you have to toss me around?"

When his behavior was exposed, Wang Ling suddenly felt a little embarrassed.

He blushed slightly and turned away quickly.

"Why are you turning around? You've been doing it all night. Are you tired?"

This time, it was Sun Rong who reached out and turned Wang Ling over.

With a smile on her face: "Come here, let you see enough."

(End of chapter)





Chapter 28 Love Chronicles at Zhanmen Winter Camp (4)


2022-04-02 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 28 Love Chronicles at Zhanmen Winter Camp (4)

Wang Ling actually didn't expect that he would be discovered after playing the game of "Roll Baby Rong" all night long.

When Sun Rong turned him over, their breaths mingled together.

After watching it all night, Sun Rong's face suddenly enlarged at this moment.

Only then did Wang Ling realize to his surprise that he and Sun Rong were very close, with their foreheads almost touching.

He saw that the girl had her eyes closed, and the slight blush on her cheeks was really pretty.

She seemed to be expecting something.

Everything almost happened naturally.

Wang Ling felt his heartbeat speed up.

In order to prevent himself from having the same reaction as the small auditorium last time, he tried hard to control his impulse.

He felt that he was becoming a little abnormal at this time.

Don't know why.

Deep in his heart, there seemed to be a little beast that was about to come out, which made him suddenly have the urge to hug the girl back.

However, the moment this idea came up.

The running beast was suddenly locked tightly by an iron.

Soon, Wang Ling's mind became blank again, and there were no thoughts at all.

A tear slipped unconsciously from the corner of Wang Ling's eye and fell on the sleeping bag.

"You don't have to force yourself so much, Wang Ling..." At this time, the girl opened her eyes.

She smiled softly, then opened her arms, feeling like an old mother protecting her chickens, tightly hugging the young man who was close at hand with his sleeping bag.

Then, he comforted softly: "I'm here, don't be afraid."

When the Heart Prison is activated, all emotions and emotions will be forcibly stripped away.

At this point, Sun Rong felt like a mirror.

Although the talisman unlocked Wang Ling's emotions, it was only on the surface. If he wanted to eradicate it... he still had to completely open the door to his heart.

At this time, she was holding Wang Ling and could clearly feel the boy's hesitation and confusion.

Every time the mental prison is activated, the blank feeling that is almost like amnesia can even inspire a natural fear.

This look made Sun Rong feel heartbroken.

She didn't know what to do.

He could only hug Wang Ling tightly like this.

Tell him that he is still there.

Tell him that he will not leave.

At the same time, she was blaming herself in her heart.

really……

It's too early to get to that point now.

Although, her heart yearned for this very much.

The kiss of the century.

"After all, I was too anxious."

With a helpless smile in her heart, the girl couldn't help but hug the boy tighter.

She knew that such a thing could not be rushed.

At least now, she was able to hug the boy tightly like this, and Wang Ling himself didn't reject him at all.

This is almost the best result at this stage.

If this matter happened in the past.

Sun Rong didn't even dare to think about it.

Dawn.

When the dim light shone through the cracks in the tent, it fell on the cheeks of the young girl.

Just the simplest hug.

Also, the simplest happiness.

Because it is rare, it is precious.

She looked forward to that day.

Wang Ling could completely break the shackles, open his heart, take the initiative to hug her and kiss her like he is now...

"I will wait for you, Wang Ling." At this time, Sun Rong was thinking sweetly in her heart.

In fact, the moment Sun Rong hugged Wang Ling.

The empty feeling in Wang Ling's heart caused by the "heart prison" seemed to be filled with something in an instant.

The uneasy feeling disappeared, including the faint trembling feeling caused by the momentary blankness of the mind.

What followed was a kind of fulfillment, a kind of... happiness.

In the past, Wang Ling never knew what fear was.

But now, he found that he seemed to be afraid of something.

He was too afraid that one day, the girl would disappear like this before his eyes.

I am even afraid that one day my mind will suddenly become blank and I will forget everything about the girl...

At this time, Sun Rong hugged him.

Tell yourself that she is still there.

The simple promise gave Wang Ling a great sense of relief.

……

On the second day of winter camp, today’s official activity was to go to the top of Yufeng Mountain to see the “Snow Pole”.

"Snow pole" is a natural phenomenon in the world of cultivation.

When generated, a pink-white streamer will appear in the sky, rendering the entire snow on Yufeng Mountain a sweet pink.

There are many reasons for the formation of snow poles, but they may only occur at noon, when the sun is the brightest.

Yufeng Mountain is famous for its snow poles.

Zhan Zong predicted that during this period of this year, the probability of a snow pole appearing in Yufeng Mountain would reach its peak, with a maximum probability of more than 80%.

Therefore, the location of Zhanmen Winter Camp was chosen here early.

Although the two people in the tent tacitly wanted to be tired for a while longer.

However, you still have to participate in the activities of the large army.

Wang Ling took the lead in changing his clothes and opened the tent curtain.

Then he saw Zhou Ziyi and Chen Chao squatting at the door outside the tent, looking in his direction with furtive expressions.

"Tell me, did your child and Rongrong get married last night?"

"It's hard to say...it was too quiet. And the tent was obviously not vibrating."

"Forget it, both of us have to be prepared for this kind of thing."

"Yes." Zhou Ziyi nodded and smiled bitterly: "But this year's progress is smooth. At least the two of us were alone in the tent for one night! This kind of thing didn't happen in previous years."

“……”

Wang Ling walked over, pretending not to hear anything, glanced at the two of them, and said good morning lightly.

He was about to go to the water storage area to wash up, and just as he was about to take out the toothbrushes he had prepared in advance, suddenly Zhou Ziyi shouted: "Wait a minute!"

Wang Ling was stunned by the voice shouting.

Looking back, he saw Zhou Ziyi handing over a brand new tooth cup with a smile on his face.

He was shocked to find that the tooth cup actually had a photo of him and Sun Rong playing script killing last night printed on it.

In the photo, the girl smiled as tenderly as an orchid, and rested her head gently on his shoulder.

Wang Ling remembered that while playing games last night, Sun Rong leaned on his shoulder several times.

But that was just a very short action.

Wang Ling had no idea that this photo would be secretly captured and recorded by Zhou Ziyi.

He looked at Gu Jing Wubo on his face, and even secretly cursed Zhou Ziyi's childish behavior in his heart.

But when he looked at this photo, he liked it more and more.

This is a very memorable cup.

After Wang Ling accepted the cup, he didn't use it directly. He still used the cup he brought.

It's not because of shyness or anything.

Just because I cherish it too much.

There is something in my heart.

Reluctant to part with it.

(End of chapter)





Chapter 29 Love Chronicles at Zhanmen Winter Camp (5)


2022-04-02 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 29 Love Chronicles at Zhanmen Winter Camp (5)

After quietly putting away the shoulder cup, Wang Ling always felt as if he had done something bad.

He once didn't understand why Sun Rong was so focused on imitating his notes and carefully collecting everything he sent.

Even if it's just a tiny toffee, the girl is insured.

Wang Ling felt like he could feel this feeling now.

Although this cup was not given by Sun Rong herself, it was a very precious gift.

Can't say why.

That's just what Wang Ling felt in his heart.

After coming back from washing, Wang Ling's face looked as if nothing had happened, but his heartbeat sped up inexplicably.

He put the "shoulder cup" in Wang Tong's space.

There is no safer place in this world than Wang Tong's space.

But in this case, it is equivalent to carrying this cup with him.

It should be noted that in the past, the only thing Wang Ling could carry with him was crispy noodles.

One can imagine how much they are cherished.

"Wang Ling, let's set off."

After waiting for only a short time, Sun Rong's familiar voice came from outside the tent.

The girl changed into a blue and white women's thermal sportswear, looking as youthful and beautiful as ever.

When Wang Ling opened the tent, he saw Sun Rong braiding her hair.

She gently bit a red rubber band with her mouth and combed her flowing black hair skillfully.

In the blink of an eye, a ponytail is formed.

Wang Ling suddenly discovered that the girl's appearance in his memory seemed to have never changed.

Everything is as it is in memory...

Wang Ling looked a little dazed and felt a slight cold feeling on the tip of his nose and cheeks.

Snow actually started to fall from the sky.

"It's snowing, it's nice." Sun Rong said happily.

Wang Ling's mood at this moment was the same as that of the girl in front of him.

Probably all southerners will feel a sense of surprise when they see snow.

"Oh my God! It's snow!"

"Very good!"

Near the camp, as expected by Wang Ling, many people screamed in surprise.

Under the conditions of falling snow, if the snow pole appears at the same time, everyone will be lucky enough to witness a magical and romantic seven-color snow.

Zhou Ziyi looked at Wang Ling and Sun Rong in the distance, and at the same time stretched out his hand to feel the soft and cold feeling of snowflakes falling on his palms.

This snow was not designed by him.

Zhou Ziyi felt that this year’s winter camp could be described in three words: “timing, location, and harmony.”

As if everything had been calculated, all the romantic conditions conducive to the atmosphere of love appeared in front of everyone's eyes one after another.

Zhou Ziyi judged from this that there should be quite a few people who got out of singles through this winter camp this year.

Of course, what he hoped for most.

It was his master and master who could make things happen.

……

In the early morning, there is already an endless stream of people climbing to the top of Yufeng Mountain.

Not only are there people from the camp below, but there are also many tourists who come here to see it.

Most of them are couples.

Yufeng Mountain is 20,000 meters above sea level.

The air above is thin, and cultivators with low realms are prone to lack of oxygen.

Almost halfway up the mountain, everyone's pace began to slow down, and they had to take a break after barely taking a few steps.

In order to take care of some low-level cultivators, a number of oxygen inhalation points and rest stops will be added halfway up the mountain for cultivators to replenish their physical fitness.

Along the way, Wang Ling and Sun Rong looked at the couples of cultivators going up the mountain, supporting and relying on each other.

The mountain roads are very slippery, and injuries and sprains from falls are common.

Sun Rong looked at the scene of a boy carrying a girl on his back.

That sweet feeling seems to permeate every snowflake nearby.

However, despite being envious.

But the height of Yufeng Mountain may be a challenge for others.

For Wang Ling and Sun Rong, it was just as simple as walking on flat ground.

Hypoxia does not exist…

Spraining something is too deliberate...

On the way up the mountain, Sun Rong couldn't help but sigh in her heart.

She suddenly felt that sometimes having too high a level of cultivation was not a good thing...

For example, at times like this, it feels like a necessary link is missing.

But as she thought about it, Sun Rong felt that her idea was too childish, and even she couldn't help laughing.

Not surprisingly, Wang Ling and Sun Rong were the fastest group to reach the summit.

He left behind a large group of people.

The top of the mountain at this moment was empty.

Snow Ji has not appeared yet.

Only more intense snowfall.

Wang Ling walked to Sun Rong and saw that a thin layer of snow had fallen on Sun Rong's shoulders and hair.

"Is it cold?"

He couldn't help but stretched out his hand and touched the girl's cheek in a strange way. It seemed as if a layer of ice had formed on it, which was very cold.

The unexpected touch suddenly made Sun Rong's face become hot.

"I'm not cold." Sun Rong shook her head and replied with a smile.

The smile never left her face.

Will she be cold?

Of course it won't be cold...

Because as long as I'm with Wang Ling.

Her heart is always hot.

The snow on the top of the mountain was heavier than Wang Ling had imagined.

There is no end to the fluttering.

Wang Ling simply set up a spiritual barrier to protect them from each other.

Because of the barrier, the snowflakes cannot fly in.

Even the sound of snow seemed to be much quieter for a while.

At this time, between heaven and earth, the two of them enjoyed the peaceful space on the top of the mountain alone.

They waited for a few more minutes, and the snow gradually decreased, followed by a pink-white stream of light that suddenly lit up from the sky...

The beautiful scenery that everyone has been waiting for for a long time finally shines with its brilliance at this moment.

When the white snow on the top of Yufeng Mountain was affected and turned into a beautiful cherry pink color, everyone couldn't take their eyes away.

"Wang Ling! Look! It's really Xueji!" Sun Rong suddenly became excited.

"Yeah." Wang Ling responded softly.

Like the girl, it was also the first time for him to see the true appearance of Xue Ji in person.

The scenery in front of me is so romantic, just like those special effects magical blockbusters that appear in movies. It is far more visually impactful than the feeling when I saw it on live TV.

The light emitted by the snow is like a piece of silk, like a thin veil, like a rope that can bring all the people in love closer together...

"Wang Ling, do you know... the probability of Xuji appearing is very low. According to legend, those who can see Xuji for the first time will be favored by God and will be very happy for the rest of their lives."

"Yes." Wang Ling nodded.

Sun Rong looked at Wang Ling and the young man's expression of seriousness after hearing the legend.

She opened her mouth, but in the end she couldn't say anything.

She didn't know if Wang Ling felt the same as herself at this moment.

At least for this moment.

She felt that she had never been so close to happiness...

(End of chapter)





Chapter 30 Ling Hui, the king of Ye Qingjie series, laughs


2022-04-03 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 30 Ling Hui, the king of Ye Qingjie series, laughs

After returning from the winter camp, Wang's father and mother discovered that the interactions between Wang Ling and Sun Rong were obviously much more frequent than before.

After such a long time between the two children, they can finally see some light, which makes the elder feel warm in his heart.

Although no one revealed the relationship between them first.

But in the eyes of others, isn't this the legendary state of love...

For example, sometimes, Wang Ma started to see someone who had not received Rong Sun's text messages, sitting on the sofa in a daze.

After receiving the news, my mood changed faster than flipping through a book...

Wang Ma suddenly discovered that Wang Ling would smile.

But the smile is not that obvious, but the corners of the lips are slightly raised with a slight arc. If you don't look carefully, you can't see it at all.

Strictly speaking, this is a micro-expression.

She can be Wang Ling's biological mother.

After all, Wang Ma had lived with Wang Ling for so long, and she was very familiar with her own son's paralyzed face.

Even if only this small change occurred.

Wang Ma can also be caught as easily as radar.

She remembers.

A few days ago, he saw Wang Ling's faint smile for the first time.

I couldn't help but turn my back and wipe my tears secretly.

I don’t know why, but when I saw this scene, Wang Ma couldn’t hold back her tears.

Tick tick tick, one drop after another dripping on the apron in front of me...

In fact, this smile has extraordinary meaning not only to Wang Ma.

The same is true for the other family members of Lao Wang's family.

Wang Linghui smiled.

Although the smile is not that obvious.

But when the brilliance that had been accumulated for more than twenty years appeared on the face of this young man who seemed to have never changed.

Even if it is just a glimmering fire, it is already brilliant enough.

"What's wrong?"

At that time, Father Wang went downstairs to pour water, and happened to see Mother Wang turning her back and secretly wiping away tears.

He didn't say anything, he just walked over and gently hugged Wang Ma's waist from behind.

"I'm fine."

Wang Ma quickly adjusted her mood. There were faint tears in the corners of her eyes, and she smiled happily: "Your Majesty smiled..."

Father Wang's heart trembled when he heard these words.

His eyes were already red, but he was still holding back.

Of course he could understand Wang Ma's mood at this moment.

At this time, the couple had a tacit understanding and were silent for several minutes.

Father Wang just made a voice, trembling with excitement, touch, and indescribable joy.

"Yes... this may be the best gift we have received in more than 20 years..." he said.

While eating at night, Wang Ling found that the couple kept staring at his face as if they had never seen him before.

I don’t know what I’m looking at…

The Wang family has family rules and cannot actively use the ability to "tune into other minds" on family members.

Wang Ling has always been an honest and well-behaved child under the education of his father and mother since he was a child.

There are family rules, so he cannot break them.

As a result, at this time, he was not very able to understand the mood of Father and Mother Wang...

He doesn't know.

Father and Mother Wang are catching his smile.

"Dad..." Wang Ling felt uncomfortable being stared at by the two men, and finally couldn't help shouting.

"What's the matter, Ling Ling?" Father Wang asked with a smile on his face.

"without……"

Wang Ling frowned slightly and looked at the brand new SLR camera in Father Wang's hand.

He was just out of pure curiosity, why did he have dinner... with a SLR?

And from the very beginning, he noticed that Wang Ma was also constantly playing with the mobile phone in his hand.

From the position of his thumb, Wang Ling judged that Wang Ma was probably using the camera function.

So, what is this for?

"It's okay Ling Ling, you can eat what you have. We just want to take photos of your life." Wang Ma also smiled.

The couple had been planning for a long time to "capture smiles".

The equipment in hand was all new.

Moreover, it was specially modified by Wang Ming, with large storage, built-in 88-core processing system, heaven-defying shooting quality, and super-powerful analysis ability that can achieve up to 300 frames per second...

All this was to capture Wang Ling's smile.

Even if it’s just the slightest hint of raising the corners of the lips...

But Father and Mother Wang also discovered it.

Actually, you can’t force yourself to laugh.

What they need to capture is that natural smile.

But just waiting for Wang Lingxiao like this is indeed not a good plan.

So the couple decided to add a little more ingredients...

"Well Ling Ling, why don't you tell us about your and Rongrong's winter camp?" Dad Wang held up the SLR camera and stared directly at the camera, waiting to take pictures.

When he mentioned Sun Rong, he deliberately amplified his tone and emphasized it.

really……

He noticed Wang Ling's hand holding chopsticks and preparing to pick up vegetables in the camera lens, and paused slightly.

The resolution capability of this high-definition lens is so strong, 300 frames per second. With the support of such powerful equipment, Dad Wang seems to be endowed with the ability of dynamic vision.

All the subtle movements cannot escape his eyes.

"There's nothing to say..." Wang Ling buried his head in the rice, burying his face deeply in an attempt to cover his face.

"Eat well, why are you covering your face?" Wang Ma pulled Wang Ling's hand away.

He noticed that Wang Ling's cheeks were slightly red.

They were actually quite curious as to what happened during those days at the winter camp.

But after returning, Wang Ling never said anything.

It was impossible for them to ask Sun Rong directly.

Girls are thin-skinned, so they just ask so openly, how rude!

However, judging from the current reaction...

There is obviously something big going on here!

"We are all members of our own family, what's there to be embarrassed about? Tell us?" Father Wang encouraged.

In fact, it didn't matter whether Wang Ling said it or not.

The key point is to use the winter camp to remind this kid of images related to Miss Rong.

Father Wang himself has been here.

If you really like someone or have a good impression of someone, you can't help but laugh when you think about it...

Father Wang is very skilled in this kind of love trick.

He admitted that it seemed a bit shameless to do so.

But as long as I can take a picture of my son's smile.

All of this is worth it!

But it backfired.

Wang Ling frowned, remained reserved, and seemed to be a little angry.

"I...I've finished eating..." The next second, he stood up, gently put the clean rice bowl and chopsticks into the sink, turned around and went upstairs.

Father Wang slapped Wang Ling's back and frowned slightly: "Mom, have we gone too far?"

"No, I think it's okay." Wang Ma looked through the photos on the special mobile phone and smiled from ear to ear: "Look... although we didn't take a picture of him smiling, but he is shy (ω) Doesn’t it look cute?”

"Okay, let's do it little by little." Father Wang nodded.

Tonight's dinner seemed a bit fiddly, but it was actually quite fruitful.

The couple happily accepted it.

……

On the other side, Wang Ling went upstairs and quickly returned to his room.

He used several rounds of "Great Cooling Technique" on himself to calm down.

These days, in order to prevent my face from getting red from time to time.

He had tried his best to restrain himself from thinking about the winter camp...

Unexpectedly, Father and Mother Wang brought it up again during dinner.

Wang Ling didn't know why he still remembered what happened in those days.

Opening the drawer, Wang Ling took out the "shoulder cup" he brought back from the winter camp.

On the cup, there is a picture of a girl leaning on his shoulder while playing script killing.

Wang Ling stared at it for a moment.

In fact, not even Wang Ling himself noticed it.

At this time, the corners of his lips raised slightly...

(End of chapter)





Chapter 31 Wang Ling was tricked


2022-04-03 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 31 Wang Ling was tricked

As an outstanding younger sister, Nuan Yatou naturally felt the changes that had occurred in Wang Ling in the past few days.

After returning from the winter camp, my brother did become a little different from before.

Starting from some small details in life, it seems that everything has changed...

Nuan Yatou sat on the sofa in the living room, glancing at Wang Ling from time to time.

Wang Ling was watching a TV series with a mobile phone in his hand. He had a sculptural aura. His eyes seemed to be staring intently at the TV screen, but in fact he didn't listen to a single word.

According to the information obtained from Wang's parents and Wang's mother, Wang Nuan knew that her brother seemed to be like this a lot these days and would fall into a standby state.

His face looked expressionless, but in fact Wang Nuan could still feel a sense of melancholy and worry about gains and losses emanating from him...

Wang Nuan said nothing.

She chuckled inwardly, took out a cushion from somewhere, and spread it on Wang Ling's thigh.

Then he immediately threw his head back and lay on it comfortably.

Wang Ling was agitated and subconsciously wanted to hide away. When he saw Wang Nuan lying on his lap, he quickly calmed down.

"Don't worry, brother, I won't take Sister Rongrong's place." Wang Nuan pretended to turn her face to the TV, but actually she was observing Wang Ling's reaction from the corner of her eye.

As expected, after she said this, she saw Wang Ling's expression change.

This reaction was so strong that Wang Nuan felt that the temperature of the nearby air had suddenly risen a lot.

Wang Ling finally understood.

Nuan Yatou is deliberately "teasing" herself...

If it were in the past.

How could the little girl be so polite and just fall down? How could she be so meticulous about laying a mat on his legs...

Isn't this what I told him on purpose?

Is she leaning on the cushion, not on her thighs?

Wang Ling didn't know what this ghostly little girl had planned for him.

And he doesn't care much about it now.

At this time, the time chime in the upper right corner of the TV was about to enter seven o'clock in the evening in ten seconds.

Wang Ling glanced at the cell phone on his right side with his peripheral vision.

He's been waiting here for several hours today.

The phone didn't make the slightest sound.

Wang Ling never thought that one day he would feel the same way looking forward to a text message as he felt looking forward to limited edition crispy noodles.

In the past few days, Rong Sun was sent out again to conduct on-site inspections of pill processing factories established abroad.

Maybe because of the time difference, I didn't reply to the message he sent in time.

Wang Ling felt that with his usual temperament, he could have been more patient.

But now, he doesn't know what happened to him.

The unknown emotion lingering in his heart was caressing him like a feather all the time.

It made him feel itchy and started to make him a little restless.

There is no other way.

Wang Ling could only use diversion methods to prevent himself from thinking as much as possible.

So he stared blankly at the ridiculous TV series in front of him for a whole afternoon.

It turns out.

This kind of self-deception is of no use at all...

At this time, Nuan Yatou was leaning on his thigh.

Almost immediately, Wang Ling's mind was touched and he was reminded of what happened that morning.

In a daze, Wang Ling felt as if he was hallucinating before his eyes.

As her eyes opened and closed, the scene in front of her returned to reality, and she once again changed into the appearance of Nuan Yatou.

“……”

Wang Ling was silent for a moment and was about to get up and go upstairs to calm down.

As a result, Nuan Yatou suddenly turned over, with a bit of a coquettish expression on her face, and looked at him with a smile: "Brother, I want to raise a cat."

Wang Ling looked at Wang Nuan: "Why?"

Wang Nuan grew up watching Wang Ling.

Even if you can't read minds, you can probably feel some of the warm girl's temper.

Many times Nuan Yatou treats some things on a whim.

This is the so-called three-minute heat.

This is actually quite common among children.

I am young and curious. Sometimes I suddenly want to accomplish something. In fact, it is mainly to satisfy my good mood.

Once the heat wears off, you'll start to feel troublesome.

Out of comprehensive consideration of Nuan Yatou's temper, Wang Ling felt that this decision should be made more cautiously.

Since you are determined to keep a pet, you must be responsible to the end and don't give up halfway.

"Don't worry, brother, I will definitely take good care of you! But... my parents don't agree! They say I'm a three-minute hottie!"

Nuan Yatou stood up and looked angry, like an irritated little pufferfish: "We already have dogs at home, why can't we have cats!"

"..." Wang Ling was ashamed.

Raising a dog is really different from raising a cat.

When Loopy came to the Wang family's small villa, he rarely went into the house and usually lived in the courtyard.

Occasionally, when I hear Wang Ling's call, I don't even go through the front door. I just bounce from the yard and jump directly to Wang Ling's bedroom on the second floor.

The main reason is that Loopy Ha himself is more worry-free.

I would like to ask which dog can not only look after the home and care for the home, but also go out and walk on its own, sign for express delivery after work is done, accompany the two rows, cook vegetables... and take care of the flowers and plants in the garden when nothing happens. To improve your living environment?

"Don't worry, brother! We can buy a breed with a higher IQ! Later, you can give it some enlightenment and inspire its intelligence! It won't cause any trouble to the family!"

Wang Nuan fiddled with her cell phone and began to show off various cat movies from the spirit animal specialty store next to Wang Ling.

The cats in these short videos are all for sale at a price, and they are basically 2-month-old kittens.

His documents are complete, he has been vaccinated, and he has learned to go to the toilet on his own.

"Yesterday I tested my parents' opinions, and they thought I wouldn't take good care of them."

Wang Nuan shook Wang Ling's arm: "But...if brother you say you want to raise it yourself, they will 100% agree!"

Wang Ling's mouth twitched: "..."

I wonder if this little girl is waiting for me here?

With that said, Wang Nuan opened a short video in the merchant's shop.

In the video, a 2-month-old white fairy cat is enjoying the sunshine with its eyes slightly closed.

This cat was exactly the one Wang Nuan was interested in.

Wang Ling glanced at the price.

Suddenly this kitten has a price of nearly five figures...

Wang Nuan stared at the snow-white fairy cat, and the more she looked at it, the more she liked it: "Hey! Brother! Look! It's so cute! And I also showed this video to Sister Rongrong yesterday! She also said it's cute!"

Hearing this, Wang Ling's eyes instantly lit up.

Then one word popped out firmly.

"purchase!"

"Thank you, brother!" Nuan Yatou smiled from ear to ear.

(End of chapter)





Chapter 32 Want to see you


2022-04-03 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 32 Want to see you

"Sister Rongrong! I'm finally going to have a cat! My brother bought it for me!"

After Wang Ling agreed to Wang Nuan's application to buy a cat, the little girl immediately shared the news with Sun Rong excitedly.

The two faced each other and had a remote video chat.

It only takes one day for the fairy cats purchased online to be airlifted from the regular cattery in Jinghua City to Songhai City.

In other words, Wang Nuan will be able to see the little guy that he has longed for tomorrow.

"Why don't you tell me when you want to buy a cat? I'll just buy it for you." Sun Rong said.

"How can it be the same? Besides, this is a test!"

"test?"

"I said Sister Rongrong also liked this cat, so I bought it for me. So now I'm here to report it to Sister Rongrong, so as not to worry about it."

"Pfft." Sun Rong couldn't help laughing.

She thinks that Nuan Yatou should publish a book in the future called "A Thousand Ways to Trick Brother", which will definitely be a big seller.

But to be honest, she was actually a little happy after hearing what Wang Nuan said.

Love is the growth of two people.

If the original Wang Ling was a piece of wood.

The current Wang Ling has at least grown into a wooden abacus.

"What is Sister Rongrong doing now?"

"I'm on my way back to China. I'll probably arrive tomorrow morning."

"So slow?"

"This is the latest Xianzhou flight."

The girl couldn't help but smile: "I want to... see him sooner..."

"Then has my brother sent you a message?" Wang Nuan asked curiously.

"No, I usually send it first. I am planning to send a message to your brother."

"Then why don't you wait any longer?"

Wang Nuan smiled and said, "What if my brother sends it to you?"

"He... can really do it..." Sun Rong said doubtfully.

……

……

The little fairy cat has not yet been delivered, but Nuan Yatou has already named the cat.

The cat's name is Bai Niu.

It cost Wang Ling ten thousand yuan.

Because he can't use his ability to make money, and because Dad Wang deducts expenses from time to time.

It's not easy for Wang Ling to save some money.

He had saved this ten thousand yuan for a long time.

Wang Ling thought that he had never spent money so lavishly.

The largest block branch of the annual mobile payment bill every year, 99% of the fees Wang Ling spent on snacks, beating 99.99% of users across the country...

After buying this white girl this year, Wang Ling felt that he might not be able to continue his position in the snack industry.

He rarely makes impulsive purchases, but when he heard Nuan Yatou said that Sun Rong also liked this, he couldn't hold it back for a while...

Now that he has bought everything, Wang Ling does not regret it at all.

He had never been flirty before, but now he felt that as long as Sun Rong liked her, that would be fine.

Lying in bed at night, Wang Ling felt completely sleepless.

He stared at the time on his phone.

It's still ten minutes before midnight...

Logically speaking, it was already broad daylight at Sun Rong's side at this time.

But the message from the girl that Wang Ling was hoping for still hadn't been sent.

After waiting for a long time to no avail, facing the lonely, empty and cold situation in front of him, Wang Ling began to reflect on himself.

He felt that the text message he had been waiting for seemed a bit stupid...

He looked through the records of messages exchanged between himself and Sun Rong.

Only then did Wang Ling realize belatedly that Sun Rong seemed to have sent him the message first every time.

This scene made Wang Ling feel extremely complicated for a moment.

After a moment of silence, Wang Ling entered the message editing interface, then placed his finger on the nine-square grid key on the screen and typed a few words before he paused.

After deleting, deleting, and subtracting, he found that he could not pronounce a single word.

Obviously there are many words in my mind;

Obviously there are many words floating in my heart;

However, the moment those words fell on Wang Ling's fingertips, they all turned into nothingness...

His mind went blank and he didn't know what to say.

In the end, all that was left in the information box was a series of familiar ellipses...

However.

It was beyond Wang Ling's expectation.

Accompanied by a crisp message tone.

The text message that Wang Ling had been thinking about finally came: "Wang Ling! I've finally waited for you! I'm on my way back home. I really want to see you..."

The moment you receive the text message.

Wang Ling felt that the stone hanging in his heart had finally settled.

That feeling was extremely reassuring.

It's like finding something filled with some mysterious warmth inside an empty shell.

This was another emotion that Wang Ling had never felt before.

It turns out that such a warm power can be conveyed in a simple sentence.

All of this made him feel extremely at ease.

Wang Ling was in a good mood.

But he has always been clumsy.

It was originally because "Crispy Noodle Daojun" ghostwritten an essay for him. Since then, the Gray Sect, which was centered around literary exchanges and was actually a fan support club for Wang Ling, was established.

With the pursuit of many people, Gray Cult believers quickly spread all over the world and even at home and abroad.

Wang Ling also achieved a very high status in the literary world and was revered as a "literary immortal".

But in fact, Wang Ling did not deserve the title of "Literary Immortal".

Just like the embarrassing situation he was facing now, maybe Wang Ling could find some tricks to improve his score in exam essays.

But when it came to writing something so docile, Wang Ling didn't know how to put it down.

I typed a few words and deleted them.

Hit again, delete again...

Ten minutes later, Wang Ling replied to this text message from Sun Rong.

Only this time it’s no longer an ellipsis.

……

On the fairy boat, after receiving Wang Ling's reply, the girl's face felt the spring breeze, and she couldn't help but reveal two blushes.

During the video call, Nuan Yatou saw this scene: "Sister Rongrong, have you received my brother's reply?"

"You little girl, how come you know everything?" Sun Rong smiled sweetly.

"You smile like a peach blossom, it's so obvious!" Wang Nuan said: "How is it, what did my brother reply? I guess it must not be more than three words!"

Sun Rong didn't hide it, but directly showed the phone she used to send and receive text messages to Wang Nuan on the screen.

As a result, the little girl was shocked on the spot when she saw it: "I just replied "um" and you are so happy! Sister Rongrong, you are not pursuing me!"

"It's okay."

Sun Rong looked out the window, her heart pounding.

She knew that the boy over there must have deleted many words before finally uttering such a word.

Even if no one in the world can understand him.

She also needs to understand.

because.

Wang Ling has really worked hard...

……

Early the next morning, Wang Ling woke up after sleeping peacefully all night with his mobile phone in hand.

If someone was in Wang Ling's bedroom at this time.

It must be hard to believe what you are seeing.

That Wang Ling would actually fall asleep clutching a cell phone instead of having noodles... This would be incredible to anyone.

After briefly washing up, Wang Ling put on a set of casual clothes and went downstairs.

What surprised Wang Ling was that Nuan Yatou woke up earlier than him today.

He guessed that the little girl had gone out to pick up Bai Niu.

After the spirit beast is transported to Songhai City by air, it will be sent to the nearest long-distance bus station, and then the buyer will be able to pick it up on his own.

Wang Ling didn't expect this girl to be so active.

It's really rare.

It seems that he really likes this little fairy cat.

And now, Wang Ling is also going out.

The one who picked her up was not Bai Niu, but another little fairy.

After sending messages to Sun Rong last night, Wang Ling checked the girl's Xianzhou flight.

I was planning to go out to pick him up at the airport.

He has never picked up anyone, not even Father and Mother Wang...none.

The main reason is that Wang’s father and Wang’s mother are relatively home-bound and rarely travel so far away from other places.

Even if you occasionally want to go somewhere for your honeymoon, you don't even need to buy a fairy boat ticket.

Wang Ling could just teleport the two of them over.

Even if Wang Ling doesn't use his own abilities, Master Ma can help Wang and his parents complete the teleportation.

Therefore, Wang Ling actually did not have much experience in picking up airports.

He didn't know why he had this idea.

I only saw that the girl in the text message said that she wanted to see me, and I had the idea of picking up the message.

The Songhai International Fairy Boat Field is astonishingly huge inside.

The flow of people coming and going makes people feel dizzy.

Wang Ling naturally felt unaccustomed to a crowded place like this.

He was still looking for the girl's location.

But at this time, a slightly surprised voice was heard coming from a distance.

"Wang Ling!"

At that moment, Wang Ling even felt that he was a little unresponsive.

A girl appeared out of nowhere, wearing a snow-colored coat. She almost ran and quickly approached his position, hugging him tightly.

"Why are you here!" Sun Rong's eyes couldn't help but turn red as she hugged the young man in front of her tightly. She never thought that Wang Ling would come to pick her up in person.

That feeling of satisfaction made her body and heart seem to turn into a ball of fire at this moment.

Feeling numb and itchy, and a little bit ready to move...

It's so comfortable that you forget everything.

It turns out that liking someone can be such a beautiful thing.

(End of chapter)





Chapter 33 Mr. Sun meets Wang Ling


2022-04-04 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 33 Mr. Sun meets Wang Ling

It was like a magical magic. Sun Rong didn't know where Wang Ling appeared from, and she felt a surprise of being transformed into a living person.

She greedily smelled the scent of the young man, and felt that the young man was like a panicked rabbit, looking for her everywhere after he arrived here.

The distance between the two was extremely close at this moment.

Wang Ling felt as if a koala was hanging on his body.

He felt the girl's heartbeat. The heartbeat was like dominoes, falling in an unstoppable manner at the moment of acceleration. Wang Ling also began to accelerate.

The moment she held Wang Ling in her arms, Sun Rong felt that her whole heart seemed to be filled.

Every time she goes abroad to study or exchange, she will feel this way.

In a foreign country, under the same moon.

She had looked forward to countless times that the boy would appear in front of her in an instant.

And Wang Ling also has this ability.

It's a pity that every time she makes a wish and opens her eyes, the moon and scene in front of her eyes never change.

The moon was still the same, hanging bright and lonely in the sky, with an air of isolation as if it were Wang Ling's retreat.

Although she felt regretful in her heart, she never blamed the dull boy in her heart.

Who made her fall in love with such a piece of wood?

After countless expectations and disappointments, the surprise that suddenly appeared in front of her eyes made the girl's eyes red with excitement.

She just hugged the boy from years ago so tightly.

After a long silence, she slowly let go of her arms, which were still shaking slightly, and said, "This is your first time, come and pick me up."

"Um."

As concise and to the point as ever, yet with an unimaginable tenderness.

To others this might have been a lukewarm greeting.

But for Sun Rong, even if the boy just responded to her in the simplest way, it was like sunshine that could warm her heart.

Such excitement in my heart.

If you haven't loved someone for so long, it may be difficult to understand it.

Sun Rong thought she was the only one who would be so excited, but she still held back and did not let the tears accumulated in her eyes fall.

But she didn't expect that a rough sobbing sound came from behind her at this time.

It was Butler Lin who had been waiting by her side who was crying.

"Uncle Lin, why are you crying?" This scene made Sun Rong dumbfounded.

"This...because...I am also excited..."

Butler Lin used a white handkerchief to wipe away the two old tears that were flowing out of him.

To be honest, he was also the person who witnessed Sun Rong's journey.

Others don't understand such feelings, but Lao Lin still understands a little bit, not to mention that Lao Lin is also a person with stories.

On the one hand, he witnessed Sun Rong's bitter emotional journey.

I saw the moment when the girl rushed forward and hugged the boy.

Suddenly, I felt a sense of emotion, as if I saw a dead tree blooming into spring and new buds sprouting.

He was moved by Sun Rong's efforts and persistence.

It’s the first time I’ve had it. After so many years, I finally feel that it’s not in vain…

On the other hand, the emotions between young people are so beautiful.

When Lao Lin saw the scenery and missed people, he thought of many past events.

The intertwining of these two emotions made Butler Lin burst into tears.

Laughter is contagious, and so are tears.

Seeing Butler Lin crying so selflessly, Sun Rong's tears that had been suppressed started to flow again.

Wang Ling actually didn't expect that Butler Lin was such an emotional person.

And once I start crying, I can’t stop crying.

"Uncle Lin, stop crying..." Sun Rong comforted.

"But I can't help it..."

Butler Lin groaned and cried louder.

Once adults' emotions are released at a certain point, sometimes it is so difficult to take them back.

In fact, Wang Ling was not unable to understand this.

But who would have thought that a veteran cadre who had been serving the Huaguo Shuilian Group for a thousand years and who should have been full of determination would actually be crying like Sister Lin at this moment.

This scene made Sun Rong want to cry and laugh at the same time: "Uncle Lin... please stop crying. Logically speaking, you should be the one to comfort me. How come I am the one comforting you."

……

Butler Lin cried for almost half an hour. While crying, he came to the parking lot and cried in the car for almost ten minutes before he stopped crying.

"Ah, I'm sorry, miss, Mr. Wang Ling. I lost my temper." Butler Lin apologized.

"..." Wang Ling.

Sun Rong sat down with Wang Ling in the back row. She rested her head on Wang Ling's shoulder: "Okay, Uncle Lin, drive quickly. Send Ling Ling back first."

"I didn't feel embarrassed just now, did I?"

"Uncle Lin, you're crying like a ghost, but no one can recognize you." Sun Rong smiled.

Butler Lin started the car and then added: "Oh, by the way, miss, I remembered it. The old man said that he would invite Mr. Wang Ling to have a casual meal with him. At Shuiliandong Villa, he had already cleared the place and ordered the dishes. ”

"Why so sudden?" Sun Rong asked.

"It's not bad... The master has actually been preparing for this for a long time, and it's not too sudden." Butler Lin said.

"ah?"

"Now all the cars in our group are equipped with detection devices for Mr. Wang Ling. As soon as Mr. Wang Ling appears, there will be a signal from the big boss."

Butler Lin sighed: "Speaking of which, the old man is also a loyal fan of Mr. Wang Ling. He has been a fan for ten years, the kind who comes uninvited."

Wang Ling and Sun Rong: "..."

"How about it, Wang Ling. Do you want to go or not? If you don't go, it doesn't matter. Grandpa just wanted to meet you in person, but he never had the chance." At this time, Sun Rong said.

She felt that it would be better to seek Wang Ling's opinion on this matter.

Wang Ling hasn't spoken yet.

At this time, Butler Lin intervened first: "Mr. Wang, I heard that I specially invited thirty special pastry chefs today to fry crispy noodles on site. If you don't go, you will really lose your blood."

"go……"

At this time, Wang Ling sat obediently in the back seat and answered.

In fact, he didn't say he wouldn't go.

Is he the kind of person who can't walk around when he meets someone else?

However, Wang Ling didn't expect that Mr. Sun would be willing to spend such a huge amount of money just to see him.

I felt a little moved in my heart for a moment, so I had to agree.

Ask important questions twice! Is he, Wang Ling, the kind of person who can't walk around when he meets a friend?

(End of chapter)





Chapter 34 Mr. Sun’s attitude


2022-04-04 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 34 Mr. Sun’s attitude

Shuiliandong Villa is another high-end brand hotel under Huaguo Shuilian Group.

The specifications are very high.

It was originally used to receive international-level foreign guests and bigwigs with high reputations in the world of cultivation at home and abroad.

For example, Long Yun, the leader of the Cultivation Internet who established a huge magic weapon trading and transmission system in the Cultivation Boundary.

For example, Shi Lingteng, a leader in the cultivation game circle, builds a virtual network space and uses virtual technology combined with games to allow cultivators to achieve "cloud cultivation".

For example, just a few months ago, Lord Throwing Thunder also came here.

It was to celebrate the successful launch of the cosmic business plan of Zhan Zong and Huaguo Water Curtain Group.

On that day, the War Sect cooperated with the Huaguo Water Curtain Group to open branches of the War Sect in the God's Realm, the Demon Realm, and the Shinto Planet respectively, and sent out hero posts to the entire universe to recruit internal and external disciples.

Even alien creatures can join the War Sect!

This is even more powerful than internationalization... It belongs to a sect that has truly embarked on the path of cosmicization.

And Zhan Zong is the first one.

Today, Shuiliandong Villa is extremely lively.

There were hundreds of busy staff in Zhuangzi, but there was only one person who actually received them.

Even the old man who has worked in Zhuangzi for decades has never seen such specifications and treatment.

Now, these old people have become foremen, and they are all trustworthy people who have been screened by Mr. Sun.

Sun Yiyuan knew that Wang Lingxi kept a low profile and didn't like to be too public.

Such standard treatment will inevitably attract the attention of some media.

Therefore, all the idle people outside Zhuangzi have been cleared away, and there is a trace of martial law.

As for Zhuangzi, the benefits Mr. Sun has given everyone are unimaginable. The overtime pay of twenty times the basic monthly salary has stopped everyone's mouths.

Make sure no one talks about it.

Even if there is, there is still the old man who is the foreperson knocking and admonishing.

Yes, there is money.

You can just do whatever you want...

"Master, who is this person? Zhuangzi has never been so busy as it is today."

A young man was carrying a basket of fresh fruits and vegetables and following an old man.

All vegetables are picked fresh in the shed, picked within 30 minutes before being made into dishes, and then quickly delivered to the kitchen for processing.

Every process has a full sense of ritual.

The old man didn't say anything. The pacing figure paused for a moment, then quickly turned around and hit the young man behind him on the head: "Look, you forgot what I told you again?"

The young man lowered his head and muttered helplessly: "Do your own thing, complete the task, don't talk too much, don't ask too many questions."

"There are some things that you and I cannot know at this level. If you want to make a career here, as long as you are honest, you will definitely have a lot to do in the future." The old man reminded.

"Not even Master?"

"nature."

The old man nodded: "This is the sense of propriety I have accumulated after working under Mr. Sun for sixty-eight years. This manor is just the tip of the iceberg of the old man's industry. Many internal affairs are far more complicated than you think."

After saying that, the master and apprentice duo who delivered fresh vegetables fell into a brief silence.

In fact, if you really talk about it, they all understand the truth...

It's just that in order to make fresh crispy noodles, thirty top pastry chefs were specially hired, starting from the wheat planting process, which is outrageous.

Moreover, in order to grow the best wheat for making flour, Mr. Sun also spent a lot of money to buy a pound of Palm Heaven Spiritual Liquid.

It is said that it was something left by the old demon Han in the world of cultivation. It has the magical effect of quickly ripening vegetation, improving the quality and strengthening the potency of medicine.

What kind of person could attract such attention from the old man?

In fact, all the staff in Zhuangzi are very curious.

But they are professionals, and even if they are curious, they will not ask more questions.

After all, they all understand the principle that curiosity killed the cat.

……

In order to welcome Wang Ling, Sun Yiyuan had indeed made a lot of preparations.

All the places he could think of were carefully arranged according to Wang Ling's preferences.

After everything in Zhuangzi was arranged, Mr. Sun wore a Tang suit and looked at the door with his hands behind his back.

He had been looking forward to this meeting for a long time.

In a daze, Sun Yiyuan also recalled a question that Butler Lin asked him a long time ago.

Lao Lin asked him what was so good about Wang Ling.

Sun Yiyuan was silent on this question for a long time, not because he couldn't think of anything good about Wang Ling, but because he felt that Wang Ling's qualities in all aspects were so excellent... It was difficult to express clearly in words for a while.

At such a young age, Zhuo Yi accepted him as his disciple.

Then, even the Zhan Zong people rushed to fawn over...

Could that be an ordinary person?

As for the issue of being a good match, Mr. Sun had investigated it a long time ago.

He knew the situation of Father Wang and Mother Wang clearly, and naturally also knew the relationship between the head of state and Father Wang.

The key is that even the Yuan Dynasty recognizes this marriage!

Previously, in private, Mr. Sun had repeatedly told him about Wang Ling's good qualities, which made Mr. Sun feel like he couldn't even count them on his fingers.

Summarize in two words.

That is: a perfect match!

No matter what anyone else thinks.

At least in Mr. Sun's heart, he had long recognized Wang Ling.

Recognized this "future grandson-in-law".

At this moment.

Mr. Sun thought of Wang Ling and Sun Rong.

The thoughts in my heart are also full of emotions.

"I think the old man wants to hold his great-grandson."

At this time, the old owner of the village suddenly made a joke.

"Is it obvious?" Mr. Sun suppressed the slightly raised corners of his mouth.

"Obviously." The village owner nodded and smiled bitterly.

no way……

When I thought about Wang Ling and Sun Rong.

He couldn't help but smile crookedly.

He was actually paying close attention to the progress between the two children.

Although so far.

His grandson-in-law has not shown his cards openly yet...

But at least now, there has been clear progress!

Although he, an old man, was a little anxious about the relationship problems that Junior had before, he didn't want to speed up the progress openly.

"But I think the old man did the right thing in this matter. There are few parents who can handle the emotional affairs of their children as calmly as the old man." The village owner said.

After hearing this, Mr. Sun was immediately happy and waved his hand immediately: "Ha, I am not as calm as my grandson-in-law."

"But now the stubborn trees are blooming, and they are finally bearing fruit."

Mr. Sun smiled noncommittally.

Has it bloomed?

Maybe, it just sprouted...

At this time, a reminder from the manor's security office sounded in the manor owner's mind.

He immediately began to report the situation: "Master, people are already here."

"Let's go and see together!"

Mr. Sun couldn't hold it any longer.

He walked out, feeling his thighs trembling...

I don’t know if I am nervous or excited.

(End of chapter)





Chapter 35 The more you watch, the happier you become


2022-04-05 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 35 The more you watch, the happier you become

Finally meeting Wang Ling in person, Sun Yiyuan found that he seemed more excited than he thought.

"Old Wu, please help me..."

After taking two steps, Sun Yiyuan felt that he could no longer walk, and his thighs were numb with excitement.

"..." The owner of the village stepped forward and held Sun Yiyuan firmly.

Mr. Sun of his family has never seen any kind of big scene. Even if it is a grand ceremony at the level of state guests, he has the style of a general who takes it calmly. In the impression of Master Wu, there is almost never a moment when he loses his temper.

Who would have thought that when I met my future grandson-in-law today, I would be so excited that he asked for support. It was indeed a long time since I had seen him.

Master Wu carefully supported Mr. Sun, and at the same time followed the gazes of everyone here and looked at the young man walking from a distance.

Sun Rong put her hand on Wang Ling's arm very naturally.

This pair of boys and girls, who seemed to never grow old, came from a distance.

Under the sunset, they look like a beautiful couple.

"Look at Rongrong, how happy she is smiling."

Sun Yiyuan had never seen his granddaughter so happy.

He worked hard to make a comprehensive layout for the Huaguo Shuilian Group, so that his granddaughter could live a better life.

However, after a long time, Sun Yiyuan suddenly discovered that some things cannot be bought with money.

Now Mr. Sun has nothing else to ask for. He only hopes that Sun Rong can live happily and find someone who can always accompany her...

Master Wu looked at Sun Yiyuan with tears welling up in his eyes.

This situation made him, the old man of the group, somewhat moved.

He knew that the old man must be thinking of what happened a long time ago at this time.

Thinking of Sun Rong’s appearance as a child;

Thinking of that period of growing up that I still vividly remember;

Based on his understanding of Sun Yiyuan, he knew that his old man must have thought of those two people...

But in today's Sun family, this has long become a taboo.

Because they were afraid of hurting Mr. Sun and the eldest lady, no one would mention the names of those two people.

The joy and sadness of the past, the joy and happiness of today...all kinds of indescribable emotions were mixed together, making Mr. Sun wipe his eyes with excitement.

He looked at the two young people walking towards them under the sunset. The soft red carpet under their feet seemed to be particularly appropriate for this scene.

It was like a ceremony between two people had been held in advance, which made everyone in the village have their own thoughts.

After regaining consciousness, Mr. Sun, with the support of Master Wu, excitedly stepped forward to shake hands with Wang Ling.

Sun Yiyuan: "Classmate Wang Ling, welcome. Come in quickly!"

"Yes." Wang Ling nodded.

At the same time, I am also paying attention to my own sense of proportion.

Handshake session.

This seems to be an unwritten rule between elders and younger generations.

Some people like to test a boy's energy through the strength of their hands.

Wang Ling watched Old Man Sun hold it excitedly, but he didn't dare to shake it back too hard, for fear of hurting Old Man Sun.

On the other side, Mr. Sun actually shook hands politely, but he didn't dare to use force.

The gentleness was a bit beyond Wang Ling's expectation.

Of course.

How dare Sun Yiyuan, the grandson-in-law who has been waiting for so long, dare to do all kinds of elders to test the younger ones' little thoughts at this time.

He gently held Wang Ling's hand and found that the strength in Wang Ling's hand was equally gentle.

My heart was suddenly moved.

This kid...

Just as he imagined.

What a gentle person!

Mr. Sun found that he seemed to be more satisfied with this marriage than he thought.

……

After a while of greetings, Sun Yiyuan personally brought Wang Ling into the inner hall.

Apart from Master Wu who was following him along the way, the only other person left was Butler Lin.

Not a single staff member, Wang Ling, was seen.

This was also specially arranged by Sun Yiyuan. He heard that Wang Ling was afraid of strangers and didn't like strangers looking at him, so he asked all the staff in Zhuangzi to avoid looking at Wang Ling even if they saw him.

"Sorry." Wang Ling saw the empty aisle and immediately guessed what happened.

At the same time, he was a little touched by Mr. Sun's carefully arranged meeting... This was too thoughtful.

"We are all family members. Don't be polite to an old man like me. When you come here, just feel like you are at your own home." Mr. Sun chuckled.

He never found Wang Ling troublesome.

On the contrary, I was quite happy.

Rongrong said that Wang Ling didn't like strangers looking at him.

But tonight's dinner was personally invited by him.

Since Wang Ling accepted the invitation.

Doesn't that mean that classmate Wang Ling didn't regard him as an outsider?

After thinking about it like this, Mr. Sun felt that he was in a better mood.

You can have a few more bowls for dinner!

And when he thought that he had just shaken hands with his future grandson-in-law.

Sun Yiyuan felt his excitement rising again.

Damn it!

Today, he won’t wash his hands!

(End of chapter)





Chapter 36 Are you staying the night, Mr. Wang Sunxiu?


2022-04-05 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 36 Are you staying the night, Mr. Wang Sunxiu?

Wang Ling followed Mr. Sun into the room that had been prepared in advance. It was not decorated in the style of a hotel at all.

This is a private room specially opened by Mr. Sun to welcome Wang Ling. It is filled with warm and homely atmosphere.

It basically replicated the environment of the Wang family's small villa, so that Wang Ling really had the illusion of going home when he entered.

Mr. Sun has obviously done enough homework, even the dolls on the sofa are raccoon dolls.

Wang Ling couldn't help but reach out and pinch the doll's ears.

Master Wu couldn't help laughing in his heart.

This was the first time he met Wang Ling. To be honest, his first impression was not that there was anything special about him.

But now from Wang Ling's small actions.

Zhuangzhu Wu immediately discovered the cuteness of the young man in front of him.

Everything in this private room was specially customized for Wang Ling.

Including the dolls on the sofa, they are all made of fine cotton velvet and are made by highly skilled tailors.

"Sit down, don't be formal." Mr. Sun looked at Wang Ling and Sun Rong with a smile.

Among the outsiders in the private room, except for Zhuang Zhuang who stayed in person to wait on him, everyone else had left.

Even the food carts are delivered to the door and then handed over by Master Wu.

It can only be said that Master Wu is worthy of being an old man of the Huaguo Water Curtain Group.

He is extremely sensible.

After entering the private room, he did not speak. Instead, he skillfully took out two sound-proof earplugs from his pocket and blocked his ears.

Then the delicacies in the dining car were brought to the table one by one.

"Old Wu, first serve a bowl of fish soup to classmate Wang Ling." Mr. Sun ordered.

"Yes." Master Wu agreed.

Wang Ling looked at Master Wu's earplugs and suddenly felt confused.

Isn't it all blocked? How can I still hear it?

Sun Rong couldn't help but smile: "What's wrong? In fact, Uncle Wu has been with Grandpa for a long time and can understand lip language."

Wang Ling was shocked.

So what’s the point of wearing earplugs?

"Hey, I have long wanted to invite classmate Wang Ling to have a meal with me, this old man. Today I have finally waited for this day." Mr. Sun said with a smile.

He looked at Wang Ling intently.

Watching Wang Ling scoop up the fish soup from the bowl and put it into his mouth, Wang Ling swallowed it and then he breathed a sigh of relief when he scooped up the second spoonful.

This was the second spoonful, which showed that the fish soup was still in line with Wang Ling's taste.

Sun Yiyuan found that in all his life, he had never cared so much about someone's opinion.

I'm afraid that I might be inconsiderate in some way.

In a short while, Wang Ling finished the fish soup.

On the one hand, disc operations are now being advocated, and Wang Ling has no habit of leaving food behind.

On the other hand, since this was at someone else's house, Wang Ling felt that it was polite to finish eating.

Not to mention that the fish soup tastes great, even if it tastes average, he will sweep it all away.

What a great kid.

Sun Yiyuan just held his chin up and looked at Wang Ling intoxicated. The more he looked at it, the more he liked him.

Wang Ling discovered that Mr. Sun did not regard him as an outsider at all.

Before giving instructions to Master Wu, he couldn't help but start picking up the food for Wang Ling: "Try this again, classmate Wang Ling! Deep-fried shrimp tempura with crispy noodles! You must like it !”

As a result, as soon as the dish was served, Sun Rong couldn't help but laugh: "Okay, grandpa, you said you are not partial. I brought classmate Wang Ling over, but you completely forgot about me!"

"You're right...Student Wang Ling is a guest!"

Being exposed on the spot, Mr. Sun couldn't help but blush. He quickly picked up another one from the plate and prepared to hand it to Sun Rong.

As a result, the girl quickly picked up the tempura in Wang Ling's bowl, put it into her own bowl, and took a big bite without ceremony.

Mr. Sun was a little dazed, so he had to put the one in his hand into Wang Ling's bowl: "Rongrong, there are so many more on this plate, what are you doing with classmate Wang Ling..."

"Hey, grandpa, I think the one in Wang Ling's bowl is the most delicious!"

When saying this, Sun Rong showed her very little girl side.

He didn't say anything, but he sounded like he was being coquettish.

Wang Ling was eating the food in the bowl, and for some reason his ears began to feel hot again.

This dinner was carefully planned and prepared by Mr. Sun. It can be said that it was not careless.

Needless to say, the taste is definitely excellent.

However, due to Sun Rong's "teasing" from time to time, after Wang Ling's ears turned red, he suddenly felt that the food in his mouth had no taste, and his mind was filled with the girl's smiling face.

He did not dare to look directly at the girl, for fear that his heartbeat would be unbalanced at this time, so he could only bury his head in the bowl of vegetables.

Wang Ling felt like Bajie who had eaten a whole ginseng fruit.

After finishing a dinner, I didn’t seem to be able to taste it carefully...

Of course, the happiest person is naturally Mr. Sun.

Is there anything more interesting in the world than watching the sweet interaction between my future grandson-in-law and granddaughter?

"Young people are so kind." Mr. Sun couldn't help but sigh.

He glanced at the clock on the wall.

It's very late now.

Sun Yiyuan thought of simply letting Wang Ling stay in Zhuangzi for one night.

"Wang Sun..."

As a result, this opening made Master Wu beside him immediately startled.

Master Wu knew very well that Mr. Sun wanted to be called "the king's son-in-law".

And Mr. Sun, who realized that he had almost spilled the beans, even though he stopped in time, the expression on his face was extremely embarrassing.

He was so excited...

I almost spoke out my true thoughts.

If this "Wang's son-in-law" is spoken out loud, I'm afraid it will frighten classmate Wang Ling.

Mr. Sun couldn't help wiping his sweat.

As a veteran of the battlefield, I can only say that Mr. Sun is worthy of being Mr. Sun.

His mind was spinning very fast.

He quickly answered for himself: "Let the spring fragrance rest at will, and the king and grandson can stay..."

Next to him, Master Wu cooperated with an unusual tacit understanding: "Student Wang Ling, don't be offended, the old man has the habit of reading poems after he has eaten."

Wang Ling: "..."

Master Wu: "I wonder if you can explain, what are the meanings of these two poems?"

At this time, Mr. Sun looked at Wang Ling: "These two poems tell us that we should rest as we please in the spring. Wang and Sun actually refer to classmate Wang Ling and my granddaughter Sun Rong. It means that in the coming spring, we should have enough food." Once you’ve had enough to drink, you should consciously stay and rest for the night.”

Master Wu: “So that’s what it means!”

Sun Rong: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

(End of chapter)





Chapter 37 Classmate Wang Ling, you can use your universal card to go to any room


2022-04-05 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 37 Classmate Wang Ling, you can use your universal card to go to any room

To be honest, before coming here, Wang Ling had never thought that something like this would happen.

But now that he's here, he's naturally not afraid of trouble. It's just a one-night stay, no big deal.

The main reason was that Mr. Sun was too attentive this time, and it was hard to refuse his kindness, which Wang Ling couldn't help but accept.

"Classmate Wang Ling, your room is right here."

After the meal, Mr. Sun personally led Wang Ling to the room that had been prepared in advance.

It is still a home-style room, and it is obvious that it has been researched in advance. Even the wallpaper style is exactly the same as the wallpaper in Wang Ling's bedroom in the Wang family's small villa.

It's just that Mr. Sun is so enthusiastic now that Wang Ling can't find out which mole is around him for a moment...

He actually already had an answer vaguely in mind.

Ever since Loopha and his wife moved out to establish a company, develop their career, and pursue their own happiness.

The mole who can always keep an eye on him and share information with him... I'm afraid the only one who can do it is Nuan Yatou.

As expected of a biological sister.

The sellers are all very thorough!

"Grandpa, are you also staying in the village tonight?" Sun Rong gently held Sun Yiyuan's arm and smiled coquettishly.

Wang Ling had never seen this side of the girl.

It felt like in front of Mr. Sun, the eldest lady, who usually attracted much attention and acted resolutely in everything she did, suddenly turned into a child.

There's something inexplicably cute about it.

Wang Ling walked to the window in a few steps and opened it, allowing the cool breeze to flow in to control his temperature.

It wasn't until the past few days that Wang Ling felt the feeling of having his ears burn from time to time.

Thinking back to the previous years in college, he actually always laughed at Sun Rong for being thin-skinned and prone to blushing at every turn.

As a result, now it seems that all this is "retribution"...

He calmed down alone by the window for a while. When he came back to his senses, Wang Ling found that Mr. Sun and Sun Rong were gone.

Only Master Wu was left standing behind him.

Master Wu always had a very professional smile on his face, lowered his head slightly, and did not dare to make any mistakes when dealing with the future uncle in front of him.

Master Wu: "Student Wang Ling, don't be surprised. Miss Sun Rong did act like a child when she saw the old man. They saw that you were thinking about something, so they didn't disturb you. Now go for a walk in the courtyard. I'll be there later." return."

"Yes." Wang Ling leaned against the window edge and nodded slightly.

However, he saw that Master Wu had no intention of leaving yet, but continued to explain some other things to him.

"It's safe in Zhuangzi. If Wang Ling has any needs, he can directly press the pager on the bedside to find me. All the extra people will be removed tonight. The old man's room is on the top floor of Zhuangzi. Once the old man is asleep, There will be no movement."

"In addition, the sound insulation measures in the Zhuangzi are excellent. Presumably, the movement on the second floor cannot be transmitted to the old man."

“……”

Hearing this, Wang Ling was shocked to find that Master Wu's words seemed a little strange.

He was still chattering: "What else I need to tell classmate Wang Ling is that this bathroom is installed outside. To use it, you need to swipe your card to enter. If Wang Ling has the habit of getting up at night, you can use the one on the bedside table. Red Wild Card.”

"All-purpose... card?" Wang Ling raised his eyebrows.

"Yes, Wild Card."

Zhuangzhuang Wu nodded affirmatively, with a meaningful smile on his face: "It means that with this card, Wang Ling can go to any room in this Zhuangzi. Of course. , including Miss Sun Rong’s room.”

“……”

……

It was late at night, but there was a dimly lit scene in the courtyard. The courtyard of Shuiliandong Villa was extremely large. Sun Rong wanted to eat up after eating, so she hurriedly pulled Mr. Sun into the courtyard.

"You little hozen, it's hard for our classmate Wang Ling to come here. If you don't bring him here, why would you bring me, an old man here?"

"But I just want to go for a walk with grandpa, and once he is thinking about something, it's best not to disturb him." Sun Rong muttered.

All her choices started from her understanding of the boy.

She has been fighting this love tug-of-war for ten years, so she still has this level of understanding.

"Then we, grandfather and grandson, won't have many opportunities in the future? Look at the courtyard, how romantic it is..."

Mr. Sun looked unhappy.

He made such a big game tonight, but he didn't know that his granddaughter would slip up at a critical moment.

Hearing this, Sun Rong immediately laughed out loud: "Grandpa, you are too impatient. And it was too obvious just now. Where are you now? You just call people Wang Sunxiu... No Wangsun can stay for himself, this joke is too Too bad!”

Mr. Sun immediately blushed. He didn't expect that at such a young age, his granddaughter would expose him on the spot: "You little hozen, what nonsense are you talking about again... It's obviously something that classmate Wang Ling is willing to keep..."

"Then I want to ask, what do you think of Ling Ling?"

"How about what?"

"Grandpa, you spent so much time planning this dinner with Ling Ling. It's so hard to eat it, why don't you have any ideas at all?"

Sun Yiyuan's face couldn't hold back any longer, and he couldn't help laughing immediately: "You hozen, are you looking for a partner, or am I looking for a partner? Why should you care what I, an old man, think."

"You are an elder. Of course my granddaughter wants to hear your opinion." Rong Sun looked like she would not give up until she was asked.

"Of course he is, a good boy."

Mr. Sun said: "When I met him before, I always felt that he had a shadow of me when I was young...but not exactly the same. In short, he is a very thoughtful kid."

"Of course, there are also shortcomings. As a boy, it might be better if Wang Ling could take more initiative."

“But at the end of the day, wood also has its benefits.”

"?" Sun Rong looked confused.

"Think about it Rongrong, if this classmate Wang Ling takes the initiative, then I don't know how many girls will fall for this damn charm. It's your turn."

Sun Rong: "..."

Mr. Sun walked forward while holding Sun Rong's hand, and said: "But judging from your grandfather's and my personal experience, this cabbage, Classmate Wang Ling, most likely fell into the hands of a hozen like you."

"So I...I'm a pig?"

Sun Rong couldn't laugh or cry: "How can a grandfather say that about his granddaughter! Am I still your granddaughter?"

"In the eyes of an old man like me, aren't you just a little piglet?"

Mr. Sun smiled kindly.

The grandfather and grandson sat down on a bench in the courtyard, and the girl gently rested her head on the old man's shoulder.

In front of me is the quiet beauty of the moonlight over the lotus pond in the courtyard.

With full kindness and affection on his face, Mr. Sun rubbed his granddaughter's little head: "Grandpa, I don't ask for anything in my life. I just hope that Rongrong, you can find your own happiness."

"Then do you think I've found it now..." Sun Rong asked.

Mr. Sun stood up immediately and shook his body.

Sun Rong: "Grandpa?"

"You little hozen, you were not ashamed to speak every order just now."

Mr. Sun pointed to the ground at his feet: "Did you see that this place is full of goosebumps caused by you, the hozen?"

Sun Rong laughed out loud.

Her old man is so cute!

certainly……

Bilingling is still a little bit behind...

(End of chapter)





Chapter 38 Rong Sun’s Sleepwalking


2022-04-06 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 38 Rong Sun’s Sleepwalking

Wang Ling could actually vaguely sense that Master Wu was hinting at something... But sometimes, words couldn't be revealed, and even if Wang Ling understood, he could only pretend that he didn't understand.

The universal key card actually doesn't mean much to him.

After all, if he wanted to...how could a mere wall stop him?

But Wang Ling has never been that kind of person.

Even though the power of emotions is now being released little by little in him, he is still a very reserved man.

But Master Wu didn’t seem to think so, and had other tricks.

For example, when Wang Ling turned on the satellite TV in the house, the "Guess You Like" function on the TV showed some weird movies.

"Attack on the Widow's Village," "Fast and Furious 77," "Sleeping Beauty," "Nessun Dorma"... When these films appeared in front of Wang Ling's eyes, Wang Ling was stunned for a long time before he came back to his senses.

He was silent for a moment, turned off the TV, and then lay directly on his back on the bed.

Since replacing the new talisman seal, Wang Ling no longer has to worry about dreaming.

The fear and fear I once had have long gone, and I slept peacefully and soundly.

He thought the word "insomnia" had completely become a thing of the past...

But what Wang Ling didn't expect was.

Tonight, I tossed and turned and really couldn't sleep.

Especially when he thought that there was only a wall between the girl and him...

I can only say tonight.

Maybe.

It was really a sleepless night...

……

Facts have proved that Wang Ling is not the only person who has difficulty falling asleep.

Although he had long been looking forward to the day when Wang Ling could come to his home in person, have a good meal with his family, meet each other, and then stay one night.

Then when this wish came true, Sun Rong found that at the last moment, she did not have the courage to take this last step.

There are many reasons for her concerns.

Girls...should be more reserved...

So, after returning from a walk in the courtyard with Mr. Sun.

She stopped her little evil thoughts.

He then returned to his room and applied several "cooling spells" to himself.

Until this time, it was late at night, and the girl who was alone in the empty room fell into deep regret.

Obviously it took a lot of effort to come here...

She should have mustered up the courage to knock on the door just after she came back. At least she should say hello before going to bed and not do anything else...

Thinking of this, the girl couldn't help but bury her hot face under the pillow.

It's too late now.

From the perspective of room layout, Mr. Sun deliberately arranged the room in her village and Wang Ling's room to be symmetrical.

In other words, now she and Wang Ling were actually head to head, just separated by a wall.

To be honest, for the first time in her life, Sun Rong found herself wanting to tear down the wall and rush over.

But she had to admit that there was a little evil expectation in her heart.

What if Wang Ling came to knock on her bedroom door if she waited any longer?

In the beginning, she had such expectations...

Until now, the night has fallen.

For beautiful girls, staying up late is a sin.

She closed her eyes and thought about what happened today.

Anyway...

Wang Ling was able to take the initiative to pick her up at the Fairy Boat Field, which was already considerable progress.

later……

There is always a chance in the future...

Sun Rong took a deep breath and forced herself to calm down. It seemed like a century had passed.

Finally her breathing gradually stabilized.

The moment she was about to enter the dreamland, she murmured with a smile: "Ohai...if Ling Ling enters my house, you must not...make a fuss."

“……”

Beside the bed, Ohai took shape and sighed deeply.

Love is a long-term thing. For Mu Mu, whose emotional seal has just recovered, how can he understand it so quickly?

and……

What Ohai was really worried about was not that Wang Ling would take the initiative to enter Sun Rong's house...

……

At the same time, in the next room, Wang Ling rolled over on his side. He did not fall asleep tonight.

Now Wang Ling understood the pain of those who stayed up late.

Sometimes, if you miss the best time to sleep, once you pass that point, you really can’t sleep...

Now Wang Ling has a deep understanding of this matter.

He didn't know if the girl was asleep.

The "Eternal Talisman" directly cut off the passive ability of "other minds", making Wang Ling completely calm. But now that he thought about it carefully, he felt that he seemed to have lost some fun.

At this moment, Wang Ling closed his eyes.

Suddenly I heard the sound coming from the door handle.

The sound was small at first, then started to get completely raunchy and then became loud.

People who suddenly break into this place feel as if they have returned to their own house.

"Um?!……"

Wang Ling suddenly jumped up.

The moonlight outside the window shines through the glass like a layer of light gauze, covering the girl who suddenly broke in here, making her white pajamas even whiter.

"Sun..."

Wang Ling opened his mouth and was trying to call the girl's name to ask about the situation.

But he discovered that the girl at this time actually had no consciousness of her own.

Is it sleepwalking?

Wang Ling helped his forehead.

I never expected that there would be such a big drama today...

Not enough time for him to think about what to do next.

The girl had already found her way to his bed and lay down on it naturally.

Turning over, it was wrapped around him like an octopus...

(End of chapter)





Chapter 39 Hug a long night


2022-04-06 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 39 Hug a long night

Sun Rong was tightly wrapped around him, murmuring in her sleep from time to time.

His eyes were tightly closed, his eyelashes were long, and he fell back on the bed after sleepwalking. His sleeping face remained calm, making Wang Ling's ears, which had been calm for a while, turn red again.

The meme "Gangshenzi" is extremely popular on the Internet these days.

But Wang Ling never thought that it would happen to him one day.

Even if it's not in the strict sense of being "greedy".

But in terms of intuitive feeling.

Wang Ling felt that the impact in front of him was obviously greater.

Being "greedy" is just the brains of other people.

But now, he is "haunted"!

Good guy, it’s not bad if you get started directly...

Wang Lingwei really didn't know how to deal with the situation in front of him.

After all, this seems to be a plot that only happens in novels.

The girl hugged Wang Ling very tightly and tightly around Wang Ling's waist.

"Sun..."

He wanted to call Sun Rong softly, but the words came to his lips and Wang Ling found it difficult to get out.

Sun Rong was sleeping soundly, and he couldn't bear to disturb her.

Other than that, Wang Ling's mind was filled with a blank blank...

He looked at the girl in front of him, and the corners of his mouth unconsciously raised slightly.

Those are micro-expressions that ordinary people cannot judge and see.

But for Wang Ling at this moment, it already represented happiness.

Wang Ling originally thought that he would be extremely panicked and could not help but push the girl who sleepwalked into the room and slept on the wrong bed away, or immediately teleport her back to the original bed.

But now.

After calmly accepting the facts in front of me.

Wang Ling didn't know what was wrong, he just felt that he couldn't bear it.

He was even a little greedy for the familiar fragrance of shampoo emanating from the girl.

He used his fingers to gently push aside the hair that was covering the girl's sleeping face, and moved it behind her ears.

All movements were done carefully, for fear of disturbing the dreaming girl in front of him.

Perhaps even Wang Ling himself didn't realize that he could be so gentle.

"Little Bear...Ling Ling...Little Bear...I want more..."

The girl murmured softly in her sleep, then hugged Wang Ling tighter, rubbing her little head against Wang Ling's waist like a kitten.

This is……

Think of him as a teddy bear?

Wang Ling's face turned red.

He had never been interested in prying into other people's privacy, but now he was faced with such a passionate "test" from a girl late at night.

Wang Ling suddenly felt a strong curiosity flashing through his mind.

He gently touched the girl's eyebrow with his index finger, and almost instantly, he saw the dream in the girl's mind.

Then……

Wang Ling only felt his face getting hotter.

In the dream, he was wearing bear pajamas, and the girl in front of him was sitting directly on top of him.

The scene was once indescribable...

Wang Ling didn't dare to take a closer look. The moment he saw the scene, he withdrew his fingers as if he was electrocuted.

And after doing all this.

Wang Ling just felt a deep sense of guilt.

He shouldn't pry into other people's dreams at will...

Although the situation in the dream was very bold, it was still his fault after all.

Thinking of this, Wang Ling hurriedly cast a "Great Cooling Technique" on himself.

He always thought that he was a very restrained person, but he didn't expect that he had now reached the stage where he could not maintain calm without relying on the "Great Cooling Technique".

After calming down, Wang Ling was also thinking about what Sun Rong meant to him...

This question may not seem so difficult to others.

But whenever Wang Ling thought deeply about it, he would feel a strong pain in his heart, blocking all his thoughts.

At this moment, he looked at Sun Rong, who was so close in front of him but seemed so far away, with complicated emotions.

His fingers unconsciously caressed the girl's oval-like smooth cheek.

She seemed to be awakened, her eyelids twitching slightly.

Wang Ling was so frightened that he quickly retracted his fingers.

Then, he saw that the girl's eyes opened a tiny gap.

She sniffed.

It was exactly the smell of Wang Ling. Without saying a word, he fell asleep quietly.

This night was destined to be unforgettable for Wang Ling.

It was not until morning, when the first ray of sunlight appeared, that Wang Ling used a spell to send Sun Rong back to his bed...

Yes.

He stayed up all night, letting the girl hold him and sleep peacefully.

Two young hearts embraced a long night...

(End of chapter)





Chapter 40 Hug a long night (2)


2022-04-06 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 40 Hug a long night (2)

In the morning, Master Wu came to Mr. Sun's bedroom early in the morning to report on the situation last night.

Seeing the melancholy look on his face, Mr. Sun knew that Master Wu had tried his best to trick him last night, but he didn't succeed: "Old Wu, you lost."

Last night, Master Wu made crazy hints to Wang Ling about various things...

Most young people cannot withstand instigation and temptation. Once they accept a certain hint, they will most likely become impulsive and then pay the price for their impulsiveness.

"He is indeed a child who looks the same on the inside." Zhuangzhu Wu sighed inwardly.

He originally thought that Wang Ling's stoic look might be a disguise.

After doing this test, the result is already obvious.

Wang Ling did not do anything out of bounds. The two young men spent a quiet and peaceful night in the room...

In fact, what Master Wu didn't know was that Wang Ling had done something wrong.

He himself did not do anything that crossed the line, but Sun Rong came to his bedroom. If this matter was revealed, Mr. Sun's face would be disgraced.

This was just an error, and Sun Rong herself did it unintentionally. Who would have thought that she could run into the wrong room while sleepwalking?

However, Wang Ling still took action to deal with the aftermath. He tampered with the surveillance footage of Sun Rong entering his room.

It's obviously not his fault...

As a result, Wang Ling felt as if he had done something wrong.

But all this is for the sake of the girl's reputation and face.

Wang Ling is no good at it, but he still understands this.

In fact, everything that happened last night, whether it was to Sun Rong or to Wang Ling, really seemed like a dream...

In front of the mirror in the bathroom, Wang Ling touched his belly. Thinking of the scene where the girl rubbed her head against him like a cat last night, his thoughts wandered and his cheeks turned red involuntarily.

Then, he washed his face with cold water, forced his thoughts to interrupt, and stopped recalling what happened last night.

As for last night's embarrassing mistake, Wang Ling could actually erase this memory of himself if he wanted to.

But he struggled all morning.

After all, I still couldn’t take action on myself...

Wang Ling found himself and Sun Rong.

There are gradually more things worth cherishing.

Not long ago, the night when Sun Rong was carrying him home on her back, Wang Ling remembered how she was wearing the same White Rabbit pajamas as him...

Then, he ate the breakfast that the girl made for him...

They went to see a movie together and went to the War Gate Winter Camp together...

And the shoulder cup he got from the winter camp... is now one of Wang Ling's most cherished collections.

These bits and pieces of memories were like fragments and puzzle pieces, constantly coming together in Wang Ling's mind.

Of course, including what happened last night...

He couldn't do it.

Even more reluctant to delete it...

And at the same time.

On the other side, Sun Rong just learned from Ohai that she was sleepwalking and acted almost crazy last night...

"Ohai, you said that I... I ran to Ling Ling's room..."

"Lie on his bed first..."

"Then clinging to him like an octopus..."

"And... I rubbed my head against him..."

At this time, Sun Rong held her cheeks with both hands. The cooling technique with one hand had no effect at all. She had to use a two-pronged approach, using both her left and right hands to suppress it.

Her behavior was too crazy. If Ohai hadn't told her, Sun Rong would not have realized that she had done such a bold thing.

What made her even more embarrassed was that she was in this situation.

I also had such a dream...

"Sword Master, you seem to be very calm." At this moment, Ohai spoke. She originally wanted to see the girl's reaction after telling the whole story.

But she found that Sun Rong seemed to be much calmer than she thought.

And I don’t know why, but this face looks a little disappointed...

"Although...although I don't expect that wood to do anything..."

At this time, Sun Rong murmured softly: "But if the dream last night was true..."

"What did the sword master say?"

"No...no..."

Sun Rong's face turned red and she immediately buried her face in her knees.

"I feel like the sword master looks a little disappointed."

"No!" Sun Rong immediately raised her head and retorted, suddenly excited: "I didn't expect Ling Ling to do weird things to me!"

At this point, Ohai fell into silence: "..."

Obviously.

She is anxious...

(End of chapter)





Chapter 41 Hug a long night (3)


2022-04-08 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 41 Hug a long night (3)

Maybe he realized that he seemed too eager to argue.

For a long time, the girl's face was red, her head slightly lowered and she fell into silence.

She calmed down on the bed for a long time, and finally left the bed after a fierce ideological struggle.

After washing up, Sun Rong put on a clean and tidy light blue dress and went to the private room where she had dinner last night.

There was always a thoughtful look on his face.

Although she really didn't want to admit it, what Ohai just said really struck a chord with Sun Rong, leaving her unable to argue for a moment...

But because he already knew that Wang Ling was a piece of wood.

And the most important thing is that she has figured out why this "wood" is so wooden.

As long as the heart is unbreakable, it will always be like this... This is where the "big plan" comes from.

So Sun Rong knew very well from the beginning that she shouldn't have any strange expectations.

So, now she has no choice but to sulk on her own.

After what happened last night, Sun Rong even looked forward to the big plan arriving earlier.

"Rong Rong, did you not have any rest last night?" At this time, Mr. Sun asked with concern.

He found that his precious granddaughter's face was a little uncomfortable, and he really couldn't ignore Sun Rong's bitter look on her face.

Although the girl's expression management is very good, and outsiders can hardly find any flaws, but after all, this is his granddaughter, and Sun Yiyuan can still detect what is on her mind.

There is no need to judge from facial expressions, just intuitive judgment.

This question made Sun Rong's face burn.

The extremely exciting dream last night made her feel like a powder keg...

But this is so shameful!

She couldn't tell Sun Yiyuanming.

So the girl in love started to activate her "smart" brain: "Grandpa... there is something I want to ask you..."

"Just tell me if you have anything to say." Sun Yiyuan put down his chopsticks and looked like he was listening attentively: "There is nothing that cannot be said between you and grandpa."

"Actually, it's not a big deal..."

Sun Rong thought for a moment and asked, "I have a friend..."

“……”

Mr. Sun was stunned when he heard these words.

Because usually, when others give you an example starting with a sentence like "I have a friend," they are actually talking about their own business.

But generally speaking, if you start with this sentence pattern, you will probably say something unspeakable.

Mr. Sun was not stupid either. He did not show too much surprise, but pretended not to know anything and continued to listen.

He wanted to hear what his precious granddaughter was troubled with.

"that is……"

Rong Sun said: "If my friend... lies in the same bed with a friend of the opposite sex for one night, and the boy doesn't do anything to her..."

“……”

Mr. Sun was a little confused when he was asked.

Obviously he didn't expect Sun Rong to ask such an exciting question.

However, judging from the report from Master Wu last night, there should be no other contact between the two people...

But why did Rongrong ask this question?

Could it be that you want to test the character of classmate Wang Ling through this question?

So, although I don't know why Sun Rong asked this question.

But in order to get to know his granddaughter better, Mr. Sun followed the conversation and asked, "So Rongrong, if that boy didn't do anything to her, what would your friend's attitude be? Angry?"

"Of course...a little bit..."

Sun Rong said: "That friend of mine is so beautiful..."

At this time, Mr. Sun took the napkin on the table and wiped his mouth. In fact, he used the napkin to cover his smile: "Okay, grandpa knows, so grandpa also wants to ask you a question. There is a conflict between your friend and that boy. What's the relationship? To what extent? Holding hands, kissing, or already... huh?"

It seemed that he was reminded by Mr. Sun's words.

Sun Rong's mind couldn't help but think of last night's dream.

I couldn't help but get excited immediately.

Sun Rong: "It's just holding hands! Nothing weird! Absolutely nothing!"

Mr. Sun finally couldn't help but laugh: "This is Rongrong's friend's business. Rongrong, why are you so excited?"

"Because this is me, my best friend... She now feels that she may not be that attractive..."

"Oh~ I see."

Mr. Sun nodded meaningfully and said, "As far as grandpa is concerned, you don't actually have to worry about your friend. If the boy doesn't do anything, it doesn't necessarily mean that the girl is unattractive."

These words made Sun Rong regain her energy: "What's the reason for that?"

"Rong Rong, you haven't thought about it. Is it because you cherish that boy so much that you are reluctant to touch him?"

"Is that so..." Sun Rong looked thoughtful.

In fact, Mr. Sun's words really made her feel relieved.

But she didn't know exactly what Wang Ling was thinking at that time.

Maybe it's just because of the existence of the "heart prison"...

So this incident temporarily became a knot in the girl's heart.

After Sun Rong was depressed for a whole morning, she didn't expect that she would finally get the answer from Nuan Yatou.

She couldn't tell anyone else about this matter.

After all, Nuan Yatou and she were on a united front. Sun Rong didn't have high hopes at first, but she didn't expect that the little girl hit the nail on the head at such a young age.

In the text message, after Wang Nuan learned what happened last night, he immediately called back and said: "Sister Rongrong, you are confused!"

"Why am I confused..."

"Even if you have a heart, didn't my brother let you hold him obediently all night?"

Wang Nuan's words were like a thunder, which instantly hit Sun Rong's heart.

yes……

If Wang Ling really didn't care about her and had no feelings for her at all...

How could he really let her hold her for a whole night and not put her back until morning?

Wang Nuan's words completely opened the "knot" in Sun Rong's heart.

Instead, the girl's heartbeat was pounding and moved.

She blushed and said: "Nuan girl, I was wrong..."

Wang Nuan smiled and said: "To be honest, I didn't expect my brother to be able to be held by you all night... Usually he pushes me away after holding him for a while!"

"Thank you, Nuan." Sun Rong couldn't help but laugh.

"Let's not talk about this between us. Sister Rongrong must be steady before the big plan. She must not mess up her position."

Wang Nuan said: "I just finished the analysis. Is Sister Rongrong feeling better now?"

"uncomfortable……"

"ah?"

"My heart is beating fast..."

Sun Rong took a deep breath, held her forehead and sighed: "I found that I seem to like your brother to the point of being hopeless..."

(End of chapter)





Chapter 42 Sweet Journey (1)


2022-04-07 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 42 Sweet Journey (1)

Many times, love between young people is often considered to be impulsive, and thus is labeled as not ending well.

There was a time when Sun Rong had doubted herself, whether she really liked this person that much...

In other words, it was just because Wang Ling often turned a blind eye to her various overtures that she became more motivated to fight.

She still remembered when she first met Wang Ling in high school.

That young and tender face is still clearly engraved in her mind...

Now that she recalled it carefully, Sun Rong felt that at the beginning, it was really just because of the unwillingness in her heart.

But gradually she found that she seemed to be sinking deeper and deeper.

Until now, I have completely fallen into this chocolate swamp.

For so many years, Wang Ling has been a lonely person.

And she also loved being so lonely all the time.

Although there were many friends around her who helped, they silently modified and laid bricks and tiles for her and Wang Ling's difficult and bumpy relationship.

But there was one thing that Sun Rong felt that others could never understand.

That was her liking for Wang Ling.

How much do you like it.

Only she knows.

According to the original plan, Wang Ling planned to go back after having lunch in Zhuangzi.

Regarding the embarrassment that happened last night, Wang Ling himself had no clue. He actually knew in his heart that Ohai had already told what happened last night...

For this traitor...

Wang Ling decided to deprive Ohai of the right to merge with White Sheath in the future.

So this morning, Wang Ling also secretly observed the girl's reaction.

Judging from my mood in the morning, my face does look a bit ugly...

He didn't know that the girl was sulking because he didn't go deeper with her throughout the whole night last night.

As far as Wang Ling's instinctive reaction was concerned, he felt that the main reason for the current situation was his own problem.

Did you go too far?

Maybe he should have sent the girl back to his bed earlier?

Instead of letting her hold him in her arms all night long, the key is to still sit in such an indescribable dream...

After a fierce ideological struggle.

Wang Ling made up his mind and decided to apologize to the girl during lunch.

Before dinner officially started, Wang Ling found that Sun Rong had already been waiting on the sofa in the private room.

She seemed to be texting someone, chatting animatedly, and tapping the screen constantly.

Then through the soft light in the room, Wang Ling clearly saw a light blush on the girl's fair face.

She seemed to have been enlightened by something and suddenly became enlightened.

At this time, when Sun Rong raised her head again, she happened to meet Wang Ling's eyes.

Their eyes intertwined, and in an instant the light red color spread to the base of the girl's ears.

Wang Ling didn't know who Sun Rong was chatting with, but now he was sure that the girl's mood had turned from cloudy to sunny, as if she had gotten better instantly.

She stood up and walked over from the sofa, immediately closing the distance between herself and the boy.

"Wang Ling last night, I...I'm sorry..." Her voice was so low that only two people could hear her.

After Wang Ling heard this, he couldn't help but fell into a trance.

Originally, he should have been the one to apologize.

Wang Ling thought he heard wrongly.

When he saw Sun Rong apologizing to him, he felt his heart tighten and his palms began to sweat.

Sun Rong didn't say anything, she just lowered her head and leaned on Wang Ling's shoulder, looking like an injured kitten in urgent need of comfort.

This scene made him nervous and overwhelmed.

His hands just wrapped around her, wanting to give the girl a warm hug.

As a result, at this time, Mr. Sun and Master Wu pushed the door in from outside.

As soon as they entered the room, there was already a scene of two people hugging each other.

Mr. Sun didn't feel embarrassed at all. He just took another step back and closed the door behind him: "Excuse me, please continue..."

“……”

Wang Ling, Sun Rong.

……

After Mr. Sun left, the two of them separated quickly. In fact, they didn't do anything, but Mr. Sun, the elder, didn't think so.

He was quite patient and deliberately waited outside the door for a long time.

"Good guy, Rongrong has been chasing her for so long, and finally there is some hope. It is only through contact that we can develop feelings."

Mr. Sun said: "I think it would be good for two people to go on a trip. If young people go out more, they will definitely drink. If one of the two drinks too much, hehe..."

The old man's expression looked very evil, which made Master Wu beside him look stunned.

"...If Ling Ling can touch Rongrong more, he will have to take responsibility. Rongrong is not at home usually, and I, a lonely old man, have been waiting for my grandson for too long..."

“……”

Zhuangzhu Wu fell into silence. He stared at the old man: "Then... what do you mean, do you want to make arrangements?"

"Yes, we can arrange it." Mr. Sun nodded: "It would be best if there are two people to demonstrate to them."

"Zhuo Yi and Miss Jiugong Liangzi are currently in full swing. I think we can invite the two of them to go together. Let's go on a couple's trip?" Zhuangzhu Wu suggested.

"What a great idea!"

Mr. Sun was happy, and he immediately decided: "Let's do it! But regarding the travel, you have to be more diplomatic..."

"Understood." Master Wu nodded.

……

So after Wang Ling and Sun Rong had lunch together, Wang Ling was about to go home.

Sun Rong had just sent him to the door of Zhuangzi, and as soon as Wang Ling stepped out, golden ribbons began to fall from his head.

Ding ding ding!

Master Wu and a group of Zhuangzi's servants walked out of the ambush position while ringing their bells.

Everyone looked at Wang Ling with a smile, and their faces were full of kindness.

Zhuangzhu Wu: "Congratulations to Wang Ling! You are the 888th honored guest in our Zhuangzi. You will be given a luxury travel package to Tianxing Island as a gift!"

Wang Ling: "..."

Master Wu: "If you bring a 28-year-old female companion named Sun who is born in the year of the Monkey and go with you! Not only will the entire trip be free! You can also enjoy a limited gift pack of Tianxing Island local crispy noodles!"

“……”

Wang Ling took a breath of air.

He felt as if he had been clearly arranged.

Is it a trip only for two people...

Wang Ling accepted the luxurious package of tickets given by Master Wu.

In the past, his first reaction would have been to escape.

But now, he found that there was some expectation in his heart.

(End of chapter)





Chapter 43 Sweet Journey (2)


2022-04-08 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 43 Sweet Journey (2)

Everyone’s way of traveling and their feelings after traveling are different.

For Sun Rong, what she valued about this trip was the process rather than the result.

She and Wang Ling had actually gone out on many dates.

These are the most unforgettable memories deep in Sun Rong's memory.

Whether it was the Hanfu show on the ancient street of Cultivation Culture, or the time when Wang Ling and I were in the Xiao Family Courtyard overlooking the history of Cultivation during the freshman year of high school.

Together they looked up at the bright fireworks blooming in the sky, and also counted the stars shrouded in the night...

That day, she was held hostage by two Shadow Stream killers, and then Wang Ling came to help.

What Rong Sun couldn't forget the most was the young man's profile reflected by the fireworks at that time.

Now that she recalled it carefully, she found that she seemed to have secretly fallen in love with Wang Ling from that time on.

It was an indescribable and unexplained sudden heartbeat...

……

When they returned home at night, Wang's father and mother heard that Wang Ling was going on a trip with Sun Rong. They were so shocked that they almost dropped their chopsticks.

"You and Rongrong, are you going alone? There's no one else following you on the way?"

Father Wang showed an expression of disbelief.

"No, just the two of us." Wang Ling replied.

It was a serious answer, and it was also the first time Wang Ling said so many words.

He figured out Wang Ling's temperament very clearly.

Ever since the incident at the Xiao family compound in high school, Wang Ling has always found it troublesome to go out on dates alone...

And Wang Ling has been avoiding trouble.

Even if you go out on a "date", you will be surrounded by a group of people, so it is regarded as a group activity.

For example, the time at the Cultural Street.

Another example is the winter camp that Wang Ling went to not long ago when he was in college.

It looks like a "date" but there are always a bunch of light bulbs around.

certainly……

In fact, Mr. Sun also arranged for Zhuo Yi and Jiugong Liangzi to go together on this trip.

However, Zhuo Yi actually just thought he had won the prize and did not know that Mr. Sun could arrange this.

If there is a successful meeting without both parties knowing.

In Mr. Sun's opinion, this is an extra surprise in the sweet trip.

Of course, this surprise.

Wang Ling doesn't know yet.

He didn't deliberately speculate on what would happen to him and Sun Rong during the trip.

Making calculations before traveling is a taboo for Wang Ling.

Many people like to predict bad luck before traveling.

But Wang Ling's calculations were no better than ordinary people's. Once he calculated, he could accurately calculate all the details along the way.

It would be boring to calculate in advance.

For Wang Ling, it always felt like watching a movie through dramas.

So, now that they heard that Wang Ling and Sun Rong were going to travel alone, Father and Mother Wang were completely excited.

My son, he has grown up after all!

The young couple immediately hugged each other and almost burst into tears. Wang Ling was helpless for a while.

In comparison, Nuan Yatou's reaction was much more normal...

It seemed that it had been expected.

At the same time, he also let out a long sigh in his heart at the fuss and fuss made by Wang's father and mother.

This sigh had mixed emotions.

First, I think it’s strange that Father and Mother Wang are rare.

The second is to sigh for yourself.

She was a child less than 10 years old, and she did nothing else during elementary school. She was just a matchmaker...

In order to successfully hold the red string of his brother Wang Ling and Sun Rong, he pretended to be a scumbag for several years.

Wang Nuan felt that it was too difficult for him!

Before going to bed at night, Wang Ling was packing his luggage.

Wang Ma was worried and came to the house to help Wang Ling clean up.

I said it was just tidying up, but in fact, I still wanted to provide some suggestions on how to match Wang Ling's clothes during the period when he was about to travel.

Wang Ling felt that his clothes were actually not bad.

But every time when it comes to dressing, Wang Ma always gives a lot of opinions.

"These three sets! You have them matched for you, and you put them directly into your Wang Tong space. This kind of matching is clean and refreshing. Rongrong will definitely like it." Wang Ma said with a smile as she arranged her clothes, with a look on her face. A proud expression.

"Yes." Wang Ling had no choice but to obey.

At this time, there was a sudden movement outside the window, which made Wang Ling suddenly become alert.

"Don't get excited, Ling Ling, it's just my express delivery." Wang Ma quickly stepped forward and opened the window.

express delivery?

Wang Ling was confused.

Under suspicious eyes, Wang Ma signed for the express delivery tied to the drone, and then opened the package in front of Wang Ling.

The scene in front of him made Wang Ling gasp.

This is actually a potted plant...

But, it's not an ordinary potted plant...

Wang Ma touched the back of her head and smiled a little shyly: "I borrowed this small potted rubber tree from Wang Ying's family. You and Rongrong should, maybe, probably... maybe... be able to... during your journey with Rongrong. Can it be used?"

Wang Ling: "..."

(PS: Review of rubber tree stalks:)

……

the next day.

The two agreed to meet in front of the Psychic Station.

The travel of a cultivator is always a one-stop trip, because everything can be placed in the space magic weapon, so there is no burden of any luggage.

Wang Ling waited in front of the station door for a while. Soon he felt the girl's breath approaching him quickly, and then she threw herself into his arms: "Sorry! I kept you waiting for so long!"

The soft touch and the faint fragrance unique to the girl made Wang Ling suddenly feel at ease.

In a daze, Wang Ling discovered.

It seems that I have become more and more accustomed to the girl's sudden hug...

(End of chapter)





Chapter 44 Sweet Journey (3)


2022-04-08 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 44 Sweet Journey (3)

This is a long trip to Qingchuan City, which is located to the north of Huaxiu Kingdom.

The plateau, blue sky, white clouds, towering snow-capped peaks and various mysterious secret realms create an extremely attractive temptation.

The herdsmen who have lived there for generations hold horns made of cow horns and blow away the mysterious veil of that place, making people yearn for it.

It is the place closest to the primitive cultivation society. The vast territory and rich resources always give people a special desire to explore.

Many secrets of the past in the wilderness are also presented here in an extremely primitive manner...

Wang Ling remembered that he had also longed for that place.

Away from the hustle and bustle of big cities, he can release himself there to his heart's content without having to worry about large-scale power outages caused by the overflow of psychic energy, affecting other people's lives.

Living in such a place is a kind of comfort for many cultivators.

Once upon a time, Wang Ling felt yearned for places like Qingchuan, but now that he has the "Eternal Talisman", that yearning has been weakened a lot.

Wang Ling now discovered that many times the place you yearn for is not simply because that place is beautiful enough.

It's about whether there are people in that place that you have concerns about...

On the slow-moving train, Wang Ling looked out the window.

After several hours, the scenery along the way had faded away from the color of the big city, and no tall buildings could be seen anymore.

Some are just huts, farmhouses, and hay sheds built with bricks and tiles...

These monks living in the suburbs all look like farmers, but in fact most of them are hidden dragons and crouching tigers.

As we all know, there is a journey of enlightenment from the Nascent Soul Stage to the Divine Transformation Stage. To experience the sufferings of the mortal world and undergo a long period of pure meditation is an essential experience for most monks at this stage.

"When we get to Qingchuan, we might be able to meet some very powerful herdsmen. They are very enthusiastic and you can ask them for some advice on cultivation." A beautiful female flight attendant in uniform walked into the business class and smiled. introduced.

"Thank you." Sun Rong responded with a smile.

"You're welcome." The female conductor said, "I have worked on the Songchuan Line for a long time. If you want to ask anything, you can ask me."

From the moment Wang Ling and Sun Rong got on the bus, the female flight attendant looked at them for a long time.

She felt that the two of them were a good match, but they didn't seem to be in a relationship...

Moreover, when she looked at Sun Rong's face, she always felt that she looked familiar, as if she had seen it on TV, but she couldn't remember it for a while.

Although this trip was arranged by Mr. Sun secretly.

However, the old man still gave Wang Ling careful consideration and made it as low-key as possible.

Even Sun Rong's identity was changed and she was called "Ying Rong".

This is the surname of Sun Rong's mother, and it is also Sun Rong's second backup identity to hide her identity from others.

Therefore, although the flight attendant felt that Sun Rong looked familiar.

But when I saw the name on the identity information, I gave up the idea immediately.

Because there is no one named Ying Rong among the celebrities she knows well.

Of course, there are also considerations of courtesy and professionalism.

Although the female flight attendant was extremely curious, she didn't say much.

There are too many beautiful girls with celebrity faces nowadays, and she shouldn't have made such a fuss.

When it was time to eat, the female flight attendant rolled over with an exquisite little dining cart.

Then a large plate of steak designed in the shape of a heart was placed on Wang Ling and Rong Sun's business class table. There was also a double-yolk poached egg on top, with the yolk and egg white fried into the shape of a heart.

The girl stared at the couple's meal with her face flushed. She looked at the female flight attendant: "We haven't..."

She wanted to argue that the relationship between her and Wang Ling was not that established yet, but the female flight attendant quickly interrupted her: "You two, please use it."

After saying these words, the female flight attendant slipped away very fast, pushing the car as if she was driving a go-kart and drifting away...

She pushed the cart, feeling pleased with herself for assisting.

snort! ~

I don’t care if you are!

I think it’s a good match!

Even though the two of them have not confessed to each other so far, the female flight attendant can feel the feelings between the two.

After all, she has worked on the Songchuan Line for so many years and served so many passengers.

I still have some discernment.

And nothing ever went wrong.

……

On the other side, in the business class room, Rong Sun stared at the couple's steak in front of her and suddenly felt at a loss.

She felt that she should be more bold, and immediately took out the knife and fork and started cutting the steak in front of her.

As long as it's not in the shape of a heart, it won't be too embarrassing!

While cutting the steak skillfully, the girl took a side of lemon juice and planned to pour it on the chopped beef. However, maybe because she was too nervous, she poured a little too much juice.

Sun Rong was startled and quickly picked up a piece to taste.

fine……

The taste of this lemon juice has been tempered and is not too sour.

She breathed a sigh of relief, then picked up another cut-up steak and handed it to Wang Ling's mouth: "Wang Ling, try it..."

This scene made Wang Ling stunned.

Finally, he opened his mouth and bit off the beef cubes on the fork and put it into his mouth.

Lemon juice and the special seasoning in the beef cubes create a special texture that stimulates Wang Ling's taste buds.

It was only then that Sun Rong discovered that they were using the same fork.

A blush instantly spread from her chin, quickly burning to her cheeks and behind her ears...

……

The afternoon sun penetrates through the windows on both sides of the carriage, bright and warm, making the warm time after the meal infinitely longer.

Rong Sun never thought that one day, she and the boy she admired would finish a whole steak with one fork.

I arrived at the train station early in the morning and had not eaten anything. The extra-large steak just served was indeed just right.

Sun Rong thought that Wang Ling might have overlooked the detail of using a fork because she was too hungry.

When the slow train passed by a lake, the female flight attendant from before came to the carriage with a smile and put away the tableware: "The train will stop for 30 minutes for rest. Qingchuan East Lake is in front of you. You two can get off the train and relax a little." "

"Thank you..." Sun Rong patted her red face.

She had still not recovered from the excitement of eating steak with the same fork, so it was a perfect opportunity to get out of the car and calm down.

So, the two of them walked out of the car door one after another.

The slow Songqing Line train stopped a hundred meters away from Qingchuan East Lake. There were gravel roads on both sides, and the walking was not very smooth.

After Wang Ling left the carriage, he waited at the door for a while until he saw Sun Rong coming out of the carriage. Then he turned around and walked slowly towards the lake shore.

A gust of wind blew up from the calm lake, drifting from a far away place, blowing the hair and clothes of many tourists.

The young man's white shirt was as smooth as new, without any wrinkles, and the flesh color underneath could be vaguely seen under the sun.

His pace was very slow, and he looked at the lake in front of him, which was the same color as water and sky. It was so calm that it was unbearable to disturb.

At this time, Wang Ling's heart felt calm. He lifted his long legs and wore white shoes, walking step by step across the gravel road under his feet, giving him a full sense of youth.

Sun Rong followed Wang Ling and took photos for him. The sound of the blowing wind, the play of tourists, and the rustling of stones under her feet perfectly concealed her racing heart.

"Ah! Look! It's definitely my first love's face!"

"So tall...but she doesn't look that big. Guess how old she is? I feel like she's only eighteen."

Several female tourists also used their girly radar to discover Wang Ling's presence from a distance.

Just as the two of them were considering whether to take the initiative to strike up a conversation with Wang Ling, the female flight attendant from before came over again with a smile on her face: "I'm sorry, ladies, that guy is already 28 years old."

"Huh? 28? You can't tell at all!" The two girls were surprised.

"Don't get it wrong, I came out with my girlfriend. Did you see the girl following me?" the female flight attendant said, pointing towards her.

When the two girls heard this, they thought the female flight attendant was a bit nosy.

But when they saw Sun Rong, they suddenly felt a sense of inferiority in their hearts.

What is a fairy...

That is a fairy!

Just looking at it from a distance, I felt that I was a little far behind Sun Rong.

"God! Can't you give us a sweet love!" the two girls thought angrily.

These days, it’s true that the good-looking ones can’t even get their turn...

……

In about six minutes, Wang Ling and Sun Rong arrived at the lake shore together.

The huge Qingchuan East Lake makes all those who are close to it involuntarily quiet down. The laughter of tourists gradually fades away, and all that is left is the feeling of time stopping and the tranquility of the years.

The wind on the lake gently blew the girl's skirt, which instantly highlighted Sun Rong's temperament, which was really beautiful.

Wang Ling stared at this scene for a long time.

It wasn't until Sun Rong looked at him with a smile that he restrained his gaze.

That day, Wang Ling updated his private diary on the Internet for the first time.

There are not many words in the diary.

There are only seven.

Time and you are both beautiful...

(End of chapter)





Chapter 45 Sweet Journey (4)


2022-04-09 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 45 Sweet Journey (4)

The two hugged each other gently. Under the warm light and in their arms, the young man had a blush on his face.

He closed his eyes as if asleep, and his long eyelashes reflected a beautiful luster, which made Sun Rong couldn't help but touch them lightly with her hand.

At this time, the female flight attendant who sang earlier came over with a gentle smile on her face: "Would you like juice? It can relieve hangover."

"liquor?"

Sun Rong noticed that at this moment, Wang Ling's hand relaxed slightly, and the chocolate candy wrapper in his hand floated down.

This is liqueur-filled chocolate with a crisp coating. It is provided for free in the carriage bar, and there is a whole plate full of it.

So, did you eat it while listening to music?

Sun Rong smiled lightly and couldn't help pinching Wang Ling's face.

No wonder he suddenly took the initiative just now...

It seemed that it was the effect of alcohol that brought out the villain in the young man's heart.

At this time, he looked like a child who had not grown up.

It makes people want to hug her tightly.

Sun Rong hugged her tightly, feeling a great sense of satisfaction in her heart.

The only drawback is that there are outsiders in the carriage.

At this time, Sun Rong was shocked to discover the selfishness deep in her heart.

Even if Wang Ling is asleep.

She doesn't want others to see her at all...

"I'm sorry, I should have explained it earlier." The female flight attendant bowed slightly, with a very sorry expression on her face.

"It's okay." Sun Rong smiled.

"Should we take a rest here, or should we send this gentleman back to business class to rest first?"

"It doesn't matter, I'll just carry him on my back."

As she spoke, Sun Rong skillfully raised Wang Ling's arm and stood up, like a woman, and easily put Wang Ling on her back.

She declined the female flight attendant's offer of help.

First, he was a little selfish and didn't want others to touch Wang Ling.

The second reason was that she was worried that others would be embarrassed if they carried Wang Ling.

Even with the suppression of the Eternal Talisman, Wang Ling's weight is still online.

Not to mention in this small car, even if you look at the entire earth.

Not many people can carry it.

And she just can.

A tall girl with long flowing hair passed through the carriage carrying a young man on her back.

This scene should have seemed a little strange, but the scene at this time was unexpectedly harmonious.

Sun Rong's eyes were full of unbridled love and cherishment from beginning to end. She carried Wang Ling all the way through the carriage. Many people watched as the emotions in their hearts changed little by little with the girl's pace.

From curiosity at the beginning, to a little jealousy, and finally looking at the backs of the two people, blessings inexplicably rose in my heart.

Don't know why.

In most cases, when people see a young "little couple" around, they will have the urge to burn them to death...

But this pair kept their dark sides completely hidden.

"It makes people jealous, but they have to be blessed. The youth of young people is so beautiful." The female flight attendant looked at this scene from a distance, and her heart was filled with infinite happiness.

Then, she peeled off a piece of alcoholic chocolate and put it in her mouth. She took out the alcoholic chocolate tag that she had previously hidden from the cabinet and placed it next to the pot of alcoholic chocolate.

She could only help so much.

The rest still depends on Sun Rong herself...

"You really did it on purpose."

At this time, the male flight attendant on the side saw this scene and couldn't help laughing: "Have you received the mission too?"

"What mission?" The female flight attendant was confused.

"Oh...that's okay, just pretend I didn't ask..."

"You're feeling weird today. You've been staring at these two people. I'm telling you, don't even think about interfering."

"You misunderstood, I have no idea about that girl."

"Ah! Neither can boys!"

"No, no, no... you are overthinking. I have no idea about either of them!" The male flight attendant wiped his sweat, mainly because he didn't dare.

He is actually the person arranged by Mr. Sun.

I just didn't expect that the work I was supposed to do was actually done by my colleagues.

And the most important thing is that the female flight attendant in front of me is actually an outsider...

So this situation is a natural aid that comes from emotion?

Thinking of this, the male flight attendant put his hands on his hips and couldn't help laughing.

He suddenly felt that Mr. Sun seemed a little too nervous.

These two people actually don't need any extra push at all.

Everything seems to be falling into place now...

……

The last time I carried Wang Ling was at the parent-teacher meeting between Nuan Yatou and Sun Wei Yatou.

Sun Rong still vividly remembers the scene of that day.

But I didn't expect that not long after, this historic scene would happen again in this small carriage.

That day, she remembered the way she carried Wang Lingshi on her back, smiling as if she owned the whole world.

Gently placing Wang Ling on the business class armchair, she adjusted the automatic seat back downwards, and the large cabin chair suddenly turned into a warm little bed.

Then she turned around, poured a glass of warm water for Wang Ling and put it aside, and gently wiped the sweat on the young man's face with a wet handkerchief.

The drops of sweat dripped down the young man's fair face, like gems, looking extremely pure and beautiful.

After wiping with the handkerchief, I could smell a faint smell of alcohol in the sweat.

Sun Rong immediately knew that Wang Ling's body's adjustment ability had taken effect, and the boy should be able to wake up completely after a while.

After doing all this, Sun Rong did not go far.

He just squatted by Wang Ling's armrest and stared at the boy sleeping peacefully.

My mind wanders back to a long time ago.

She had seen this scene countless times during recess and lunch breaks in high school.

Wang Ling's fair face, half sideways, lying on the desk, had a special sense of comfort under the gentle light of the midday sun, which impressed her deeply.

Watch it once and you won't forget it.

She gently stretched out her hand and touched the tip of Wang Ling's nose. Thinking of the past, her heart beat faster.

At this time, Wang Ling's eyelids twitched slightly.

The girl's fingers suddenly froze in shock.

She couldn't bear to disturb the peacefully sleeping young man, so she finally restrained her impulse and reluctantly took back her restless hand.

It’s really uncomfortable to hold back the person you love when you are right next to you...

Her eyes fell on the boy's lips.

Last time, she secretly kissed her forehead.

So this time, do you want to kiss me again?

(End of chapter)





Chapter 46 People and hearts ready to move (1)


2022-04-10 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 46 People and hearts ready to move (1)

Just like all the male protagonists in comics, in Sun Rong's memory, Wang Ling seemed to be fixed in the second to last row by the window.

Even now when she saw Wang Ling's face, she could immediately recall the way Wang Ling held his head and looked out the window during class.

The sun shone on his white face, and the breeze blew his hair, giving him an empty, clean, and ascetic beauty.

It was also until the first half of the second semester of high school.

Only then did Sun Rong realize that behind this emptiness and cleanliness was Wang Ling's long-term loneliness and loneliness.

It was also at that time that she began to learn to think about problems from Wang Ling's perspective.

What he likes and doesn't like.

Or maybe you feel something is troublesome or uncomfortable.

She would think about everything for Wang Ling and take care of everything clearly.

After graduating from high school until now, a long time.

The girl has been patient.

Until now, she was not sure whether the boy liked his kiss...

In fact, if you really want to look for opportunities, there are countless opportunities that have been presented to Sun Rong and missed.

She vaguely remembered Wang Ling's every quiet look, and could vaguely hear his breathing while leaning on the desk and resting on his arms.

Last time, she couldn't hold back and secretly kissed her forehead.

Maybe the atmosphere at the moment is just too good.

Maybe it’s been a long time of waiting and anticipation.

She looked at his thin and soft lips, feeling a little helpless for a moment.

So Sun Rong finally leaned down and approached quickly with her heart beating so nervously.

She felt like she had never been so crazy in more than ten years.

At this moment, she released all the emotions and madness she had accumulated.

What kind of feeling is this? In fact, even Sun Rong herself can't tell.

She was so nervous that she didn't have time to savor the boy's taste.

It was just a slight touch, and when he saw Wang Ling's slightly trembling eyes, he was frightened and moved away.

She was too afraid that Wang Ling wouldn't like her, so she didn't dare to go deeper. She was even worried that Wang Ling would wake up the moment she secretly kissed her.

To do this to a sleeping person...

Sun Rong, you are so shameless!

After getting up quickly, she quickly returned to her position, hugging her knees and burying her hot face in them.

She glanced at Wang Ling and saw the young man's still calm face, which was three-dimensional and soft, and she suddenly felt relieved.

This kind of thing is so crazy...

If it weren't for the fact that the atmosphere was so good and depressing for so long, it would be difficult for her to try it a second time.

But after all, this was a secret kiss, and it was not a glorious thing to say.

Then she began to have endless reverie in her heart.

Thinking that if one day, the boy could take the initiative to hold her face and kiss her.

Maybe she can laugh out loud in her dreams?

Sun Rong has always considered herself to be a steady and extremely patient person.

But along with the big plan implemented together with Nuan Yatou.

Sun Rong suddenly found that she seemed to be becoming more and more impatient.

She had never felt like she felt at this moment today, selfishly wanting to have Wang Ling's proactive kiss, proactive approach... and everything about him.

……

When Wang Ling woke up, he found that Sun Rong was not at his place.

He just had a very strange dream. He dreamed that he was knocked down, and the person who knocked him down was Sun Rong.

The feeling was so real that Wang Ling had to wake up in the end.

He felt that he must have been influenced by Sun Rong...

After all, I just watched A Girl’s Indescribable Dream a while ago.

Previously, because of the original version of the talisman seal, Wang Ling had always had an incomprehensible attitude toward such matters.

For those boys and girls in high school, when love suddenly comes, you can always see men and women in school uniforms kissing in secret corners on the way to school and in the park.

Whenever he saw this scene, Wang Ling always felt as if he was watching a bloody idol TV series.

At the same time, I deeply admired the passionate and deep kisses of those lovers who ignored everyone. At the moment when their lips and teeth met, the lovers seemed to be unable to see the existence of other people.

In that moment, all they could see was each other.

Wang Ling once didn't understand amorous feelings, and didn't want to understand these trivial teenage love affairs.

But now with the replacement of the Eternal Talisman and the gradual release of emotions, he began to find that he, who had always been indifferent to such things, began to have fluctuations in his heart.

The dream just now was too real.

The alcohol in his body had clearly been emptied, but Wang Ling's face was still rosy.

This incident taught Wang Ling another lesson.

He believes that he must be careful when drinking drinks, eating sweets, or eating anything in the future, especially alcoholic beverages.

Otherwise it would be like now.

He wakes up.

I found myself "unclean"...

But the dream just now was too real.

Wang Ling couldn't help but touch his lips, the expression on his face looked thoughtful.

He was thinking.

Unexpectedly, the hatch behind the door opened at this time.

I saw Sun Rong pushing the dining cart over.

There is a freshly made seafood casserole on top.

Wang Ling looked at Sun Rong and felt that the girl seemed to be deliberately avoiding her gaze, so he quickly looked away. He just stared at the casserole porridge in his hand, then served Wang Ling a bowl and changed the subject: "I...I borrowed the kitchen here from the steward to make it. I'll clear your stomach."

She knew that Wang Ling liked to drink porridge.

Cooking the meal yourself is an apology for the stolen kiss just now.

When she just opened the door, she happened to see Wang Ling stroking her lips, and she was so nervous that she couldn't speak.

The feeling of guilt in my heart suddenly came back.

She didn't even dare to look directly into Wang Ling's eyes, for fear of being caught.

"I want to drink water." At this time, Wang Ling said.

"Water... yes! I have it!" Sun Rong was stunned for a moment, then quickly took out a bottle of mineral water from under the dining car and handed it to Wang Ling.

After completing this action, she felt relieved.

It seems that Wang Ling's action of stroking his lips just now might be due to thirst...

It was obvious that her secret kiss was not discovered, but she ended up acting so nervous.

Sun Rong knew that if she continued to behave like this, her flaws would definitely be exposed.

Both men felt that they had done something wrong.

One because of cheating.

And the other one was because he had an indescribable dream.

Neither of them spoke but they were all blushing.

The female flight attendant from before suddenly felt that the overall atmosphere in the carriage began to become subtle.

This atmosphere lasted until the slow train officially arrived in Qingchuan half an hour later.

The female flight attendant bid farewell to Ling Rong with a smile on her face at the exit of the train door: "Welcome to all tourists to take the Songqing Line train, and we look forward to seeing you next time."

She looked at the green blush on the young girl's cheeks, and couldn't help but sigh in her heart.

This innocent youth is really enviable.

Some people are at this age.

But some people can never go back to the past...

She looked at the backs of the two of them, still full of blessings in her heart.

No matter what.

Just leave no regrets.

……

After Wang Ling and Sun Rong got off the bus, the person in charge of receiving them from Qingchuan was waiting here early.

There were not many people, only one person, but Wang Ling could tell that Mr. Sun must have chosen him carefully.

This is an old man who looks very capable. He is not tall but powerful. He walks with a vigorous and steady pace. At first glance, he is a practitioner.

She was wearing clothes that children in big cities would not see. They were rags and colorful clothes. She also wore silver jewelry on her wrists, ankles and earlobes. It looked a bit fancy but had local characteristics.

"My name is Qin Liang, you can call me Lao Liang." Lao Liang guided Ling Rong and Ling Rong outside the station with a smile.

In the Qingchuan area, in order to protect the original world of cultivation, locals rarely use modern transportation, and anyone who does will even be treated as an alien.

Therefore, people here either wield their own swords, or ride the Qingchuan Pegasus, which is abundant in the area.

As the name suggests, this horse has wings and can fly. It is a unique breed of spiritual animal in Qingchuan.

"Are we riding the Pegasus too?"

"It's the Pegasus carriage. It has been prepared a long time ago. Now we will take you two to our local camp." Lao Liang didn't say much, but he could be said to be conscientious. Apart from his own work and necessary guidance, there was nothing extra. words.

This Tianma carriage is used by local dignitaries. The more horses in front, the more distinguished the guests are. However, it is now also used for tourism development, allowing tourists from other places to come to Qingchuan to have a taste.

However, the number of horses used for tourist attractions can only be three at most.

Nine horses is the highest level.

The young lady from the Huaguo Water Curtain Group should have been treated like this when she came here.

However, because Mr. Sun specifically told Wang Lingxi to keep a low profile, Lao Liang deliberately downgraded the specifications.

In fact, neither Wang Ling nor Sun Rong were too picky about this aspect.

Essentially, it's just for a taste, even if it's a horse, it doesn't matter.

If Wang Ling wanted to, he could pull a cart from Jiulong, let alone a horse.

Brushing away the dust and dirt of money, Wang Ling and Sun Rong had almost no pursuit of satisfying their vanity.

Maybe Sun Rong had a little bit of it in the past, but since she fell in love with Wang Ling, she has abandoned even that last bit.

Therefore, Lao Liang was particularly satisfied with Wang Ling and Sun Rong.

He felt that these two young people were different from those he had seen, and they had a very simple feeling.

Especially Wang Ling.

They were both from big cities, and Lao Liang could feel Wang Ling's cleanliness and unsullied appearance even when they met for the first time.

He heard some things about Wang Ling from Master Wu.

Now that they met, he immediately understood why Mr. Sun was so fond of this young man.

After boarding the car, Lao Liang whistled skillfully, and without the need to wave his whip, the Pegasus accompanying him spread out his snow-white wings and soared from the spot.

This is completely different from the feeling of flying on an airplane or taking a fairy boat.

The carriage swaying in the turbulence of the airflow has a unique style and interest, which can make people feel a sense of weightless tension.

There were tabs in the carriage to help him adjust his balance, but Wang Ling didn't need this. The moment the Pegasus pulled the carriage into the air, and the wind poured into the carriage, he felt a long-lost sense of freedom.

The girl and him were sitting face to face. Wang Ling glanced at her secretly, only to find that Sun Rong was also secretly looking at him. Then their glances immediately shifted.

I don't know if it was because of her brief trance, but Rong Sun suddenly lost her seat and threw herself out of the car.

At this moment, Wang Ling's reaction was extremely fast. He nervously felt as if something had hit his chest, and he contracted suddenly.

Then he suddenly took action at a speed that was invisible to his eyes.

He grabbed Sun Rong's arm.

Use a clever force to go back.

He took the person into his arms.

……

This scene was sudden and too dangerous.

Although the two of them knew each other very well.

In fact, based on Sun Rong's current level, it would be okay even if she fell from this height. At most, it would be just another hole on the ground.

But just now Wang Ling was so frightened that he stretched out his hand to pull her. That reaction made Sun Rong's heart beat fast.

As she got closer, she saw a drop of cold sweat on the young man's face. She quickly raised her arm and wiped it with her sleeve, with a smile on her face: "Wang Ling, are you... nervous?"

The corners of Wang Ling's lips twitched, but he said nothing, and the blush on his cheeks became even worse.

He found that Rong Sun was a bad learner and seemed to be able to inexplicably lead him into her rhythm in some inconspicuous places.

So for a moment, Wang Ling was so clumsy that he didn't know how to defend himself.

Although his pull did save the land under his feet from being smashed into a big hole.

But in this case, the nonsense of protecting the natural environment does sound extremely untrue.

Perhaps seeing the embarrassment on the young man's face, Rong Sun suddenly didn't want to continue "teasing" Wang Ling.

She hugged him with a sweet and gentle smile on her face: "Thank you, Wang Ling. Thank you for protecting me."

Outside the carriage, Lao Liang, who was driving the carriage, couldn't help but curl his lips.

It seemed that the bump he just made was effective after all.

About twenty minutes later, Lao Liang drove Ling Rong and the two of them to the Qingchuan camp where they had settled.

This tourist camp was originally invested by Huaguo Water Curtain Group, because the main building at the core of the camp, the "big wooden house", was once the ancestral home of the Sun family. No one lived in the big wooden house, and now it has become purely a tourist attraction.

This time, Sun Rong hid her merit and fame and went here with Wang Ling to start a trip to Qingchuan. She also changed her surname. This low-key look was a bit like a private visit in disguise.

"Boy, we're here." Lao Liang stabilized the carriage, then opened the curtain, and carefully held Wang Ling and Sun Rong's hands to get them out of the car.

At the same time, another group of young people landed on the carriage seat next to Wang Ling and Sun Rong.

Wang Ling noticed that the carriage pulled by the couple had six Pegasus horses.

Lao Liang frowned, feeling disdainful of this behavior of breaking the rules by charging money and increasing the number of horses, so he couldn't help but muttered: "There are only three horses at most for attracting tourists. It's really money-grabbing."

He didn't want to quarrel with others, and his secret voice was so low that only he could hear it.

As a result, the young couple seemed extremely dissatisfied and immediately walked towards them.

The girl was wearing a cheongsam with high slits, sunglasses and a sun hat. She stood in front of Wang Ling and Sun Rong and said with undisguised disdain: "Hey, it's so hard to go on a trip. I'm so poor that I need a few more horses." Can’t afford the expenses? We meet by chance, do you want my boyfriend to pay for you to experience it?”

(End of chapter)





Chapter 47 People and hearts ready to move (2)


2022-04-11 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 47 People and hearts ready to move (2)

As the couple approached, Lao Liang realized he was in trouble.

He didn't want to be troublesome, but he didn't expect that his little murmur would be heard by the couple.

Now, he was in trouble.

He himself is not afraid of it.

Just thinking that his unintentional words actually pointed the finger of the couple at Wang Ling and Sun Rong.

For a moment, Lao Liang felt uncomfortable. He stared at the two people in front of him and rolled up his sleeves, intending to argue a few words, but Sun Rong held his shoulders and gently shook his head: "Uncle Liang, forget it, it's boring. "

"But……"

Lao Liang stared at the couple and snorted secretly.

Then he took Sun Rong and Wang Ling towards the camp.

The comparison failed, and the show-off couple just felt boring.

The woman with heavy eyeshadow shouted loudly from behind: "Two paupers, even Pegasus can't afford to rent a house, so what they're wearing can't be cobbled together, right? Brand-name, second-hand stockings, can they be cobbled together?"

Sun Rong's face was as calm as ever, but Lao Liang couldn't bear it anymore.

Just as he was about to turn around and teach the couple a lesson, he was stopped by Sun Rong: "Let's go...Uncle Liang! It's hard to come out. Time is limited, so don't worry about these people."

Lao Liang was instantly impressed by the girl's down-to-earth and generous attitude.

This is not what a girl of this age should have.

He sighed inwardly.

After all, this is a girl cultivated by the Sun family. Her quality is indeed different from other rich and brainless young ladies.

"I saw you when you were a child, and I just remember that you were also willful. I always feel that you have changed a lot now." Lao Liang said on the way to the camp.

"When you go out, you will always encounter unreasonable people. If you follow the rules and listen to reason, you will not break the local rules." Sun Rong smiled.

She didn't want to cause trouble, mainly because she didn't want to act like a young lady and oppress others, because that might make Wang Ling feel uncomfortable.

Traveling in a low-key manner was the rule for this trip, and she had thought of it from the beginning.

Out of sight is out of mind. I have seen all kinds of big scenes in the past few years. There is really no need to dance with two unqualified monkeys.

Ignoring these people is the best option.

If you follow their logical line of reasoning, it will go against their will.

Under the leadership of Lao Liang, Wang Ling and Sun Rong walked away. The couple behind them gradually shrank into two black spots in their sight.

They thought they had found fun, but Sun Rong actually ignored them, which made the woman with thick eyeshadow very angry.

"Tch, if you don't have money, you don't have money. Why are you pretending to be a wealthy lady..."

"Forget it, my dear, there are many such incompetent people."

"Looking at their age, they are only in their early twenties. They are two young people. Forget about having no money, they have quite a temper."

"Hey, there are always people who don't know how rich people live. In this world, money can change the rules."

……

Lao Liang had already led them very far, and Wang Ling still heard that the woman with thick eyeshadow was still refusing to let him go.

He had resisted the urge to go up and slap this woman before.

One is because he never hits women.

The second reason is that he is afraid that if this palm strikes, someone will die.

Wang Ling felt that the temper between Sun Rong and himself was already good enough.

Not wanting to deal with it only got worse.

From a long distance away, he couldn't help but look back and stare at the couple.

In just a moment, a bone-deep chill suddenly fell.

It was a chilling feeling coming from deep inside.

It felt like being stared at by some ferocious beast.

The two people's minds suddenly went blank, and they couldn't say anything. They were frozen in place and frozen.

……

For Wang Ling and Sun Rong, they kept a low profile and did not want to get into trouble when they were away from home.

Therefore, the episode of this monkey couple should have come to an end.

What Wang Ling didn't expect was just that.

This matter is actually not over yet.

That afternoon, Lao Liang took them to Tianma Ranch.

On the boundless plateau, thousands of Pegasus horses are kept in groups. They gallop and rest here, as if the strong wind from the plateau blowing from the nine days makes their white manes hunt and dance, far away. It looks as magnificent as fireworks in the daytime.

They actually met the monkey couple again.

The clothes of the two of them seemed to be much thicker than before.

It seemed that the aftereffects of being stared at by Wang Ling still existed.

The monkey couple obviously didn't know what was going on, so they secretly attributed it to typhoid fever.

Looking around, these two people were the most unusually dressed in the entire ranch. They were as thick as rice dumplings, not to mention they were also wrapped in thick woolen hats and scarves.

Such unusual dressing up naturally attracts special looks from the people around her.

After finally going on a trip, I caught an inexplicable cold and couldn't enjoy anything. Moreover, they were wearing such thick clothes, which always made this woman with thick eye shadow feel like they had turned into two monkeys in a zoo for everyone to watch.

The more she thought about it, the angrier she became, even though she was fine before.

Why did it suddenly become like this?

So, the moment he saw Sun Rong and Wang Ling reappearing.

The anger that the couple was holding in their hearts suddenly came to the fore.

"Okay! It's you! Our diseases are all transmitted by you! Especially you!" The monkey couple became red again, and the woman with thick eyeshadow pointed at Sun Rong's nose and cursed.

"What a madman..."

Now Lao Liang really couldn't hold it in anymore. He glared at the woman in front of him and sneered: "What are you talking about? This Miss Ying has a rosy complexion and does not look like she is sick. But you, You look like you've been lowered. From what I can see, you are really sick."

"You..." Qin Yao has never been spoken to like this by anyone in her whole life. Lao Liang's words immediately choked her up.

"It seems that this lady is self-aware." Lao Liang snorted and made another stab.

He didn't pay much attention to the uneducated woman in front of him, and took Sun Rong and Wang Ling directly into Tianma Ranch.

During the whole process, Wang Ling and Sun Rong didn't even bother to look at these two people.

Qin Yao was so angry that she quickly wanted to chase him, but was intercepted by the ranch staff: "I'm sorry, sir and lady, you can't go in."

"Why? We have plenty of money! How much they gave me, I doubled... No! Three times!" Qin Yao gritted her teeth. She only wanted to vent and find trouble, and she had almost lost her mind.

"That's not okay. Everything inside Tianma Ranch is decided by our boss."

"Your boss? I want to see your boss!" Qin Yao refused.

"That's it."

At this time, the staff member looked towards Wang Ling, who was riding a Pegasus horse with Sun Rong in the distance.

Tianma Ranch is an industry invested by Zhan Zong.

So in conclusion, Wang Ling is indeed the boss.

Long before Wang Ling and Sun Rong arrived, Lord Throwing Thunder had already given special instructions to the staff here.

So facing Qin Yao, who is unreasonable and unforgiving, these ranch staff don't know what is going on with this woman...

"He...he is the boss..."

Upon hearing the news, Qin Yao was instantly incoherent and could not say a complete sentence for a long time.

She was furious, and her competitive spirit suddenly came back. She looked at the staff in front of her and gritted her teeth and said, "I'm going back to the camp right now! I want to contact my dad! My dad can't do it, but my boyfriend also has money." Buy them all here!”

"I'm sorry, Miss Qin."

At this time, new news came from the headset of the staff member again. He stared at Qin Yao in front of him with a very apologetic expression: "You have been blocked by the Qingchuan camp. Please and Mr. Lin next to you, please immediately Leave the camp. This is our eldest lady’s instruction. Our lady doesn’t want to argue with you, but you keep making trouble, so don’t blame her.”

"Miss?"

"Yeah, it's the other one over there on a horse."

At this time, the staff pointed their eyes in the direction of Wang Ling and Sun Rong.

Qin Yao's face suddenly stopped tensing up, and her tears fell like broken pearls.

She wanted to regain this breath no matter what. In the past, whenever she cried when she felt wronged, her boyfriend Lin Jiajia would always find a way to protect her.

So she probably took it seriously and planned to use her tears to earn back her face.

However, this time she suddenly discovered that Lin Jiajia didn't seem to be following this routine anymore.

He was stunned in place, as if he had thought of something, and his head was covered with cold sweat.

The Lin family now occupies a leading position in the cultivation market with its exquisite talisman and seal production technology.

But there is one thing you must not offend.

That is Zhan Zong...

Because more than 80% of their orders come from Zhan Zong and its major branch sects and industrial chains.

This is their number one customer and source of revenue.

Before, Lin Jiajia had always heard that there was a very young hidden boss in the Zhan Zong...

Based on what the staff said before, he looked at Wang Ling as if he had completely woken up.

After a slight panic, a crisp slap sounded from the scene.

This slap was given by Lin Jiajia herself.

The picture at this time looked like a static painting, as if even the air had solidified.

Qin Yao was stunned by the burning pain on her face. She couldn't believe that Lin Jiajia, who had been eaten to death by her, would actually hit herself.

"Are you crazy! Lin Jiajia! You are actually helping these two poor people!" She roared, tears in her eyes falling uncontrollably.

Only this time, it was real tears.

Snap!

Then, what greeted her was Lin Jiajia's second slap: "Shut up!"

He was covered in cold sweat and looked at Qin Yao angrily: "Stupid! It's so stupid! How could I find such a stupid woman like you! Damn it, I'm going to be killed by you! Do you know!?"

(End of chapter)





Chapter 48 Her exclusive time with him


2022-04-12 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 48 Her exclusive time with him

Lao Liang rode on another horse and led the two of them forward.

The horse they sat on was a specially trained Pegasus. It was very wild when it ran, but it was also very well-behaved and obedient when it was calm.

Because Lao Liang was leading the way, Wang Ling didn't even need to control the reins.

He could close his eyes and feel the leisurely time at this moment.

The green pastures are endless, and the mesmerizing deep blue sky is overhead.

This is the color that belongs exclusively to Qingchuan. There is no trace of pollution or pyrotechnics, and it is so pure that there is not a speck of dust to be found.

It was as clear and clean as the young man sitting in front of her at this moment.

Qingchuan has a mysterious power. In such a picture-scroll-like scenery, it can really make people abandon all distracting thoughts.

This was the first time she rode on the same horse as the boy she admired.

Originally, she was worried that Wang Ling would refuse, but she never thought that the young man would take the initiative to reach out and pick her up after getting on the horse.

She thought her ears would turn red and her heart would beat wildly, but after gently hugging the boy's thin and lean waist, she became calmer.

Maybe it's because of the environment, maybe it's because of the atmosphere...

Sun Rong found that she was truly enjoying the beauty of the moment. She found that she gradually began to relax in front of Wang Ling. Perhaps it was because the feelings she had expressed during this period were responded to.

She no longer felt as anxious and anxious about this relationship as before.

At this moment, Sun Rong gently hugged Wang Ling, and the great satisfaction in her heart made her feel relieved.

Yes...

Blue sky and white clouds, green pasture, a touch of blue sun, and a little lovesickness.

This was her exclusive time with him.

No need to think about superfluous things.

Just feel the warmth and tranquility quietly.

Lao Liang sat upside down on his horse and looked at the two people in "Niwai" from a distance, deliberately keeping a distance, but not too far away.

First, I didn’t want to disturb the two of them talking quietly.

Secondly, it is also to ensure the safety of the two children.

He didn't know the true strength of Wang Ling and Sun Rong.

But in terms of age.

In his eyes, Wang Ling and Sun Rong were as young as children.

He held a piece of grass in his mouth, looking at the two people while thinking deeply.

Although Sun Yiyuan had always mentioned them before, this was the first time he saw Wang Ling and Sun Rong.

Although the time we spent together was not too long.

After all, today is only the first day of his reception.

But Lao Liang could still feel the cuteness between the two of them.

They obviously like each other.

But at present, it seems that it has not yet reached the stage of complete showdown.

Especially Wang Ling.

To Lao Liang, he looked really young and cute.

He couldn't help but smile inwardly.

After this trip, maybe that old guy Sun Yiyuan will have grandchildren.

Qingchuan is a very mysterious place.

According to ancient legends, this is the closest vertical distance to Yue Lao's palace.

……

In the past, when a girl tried to cling to him, Wang Ling's first thought was to avoid her.

Even if he had to happen to be together, he would find it a kind of torture.

But now, Wang Ling discovered it for the first time.

His time with her seemed fleeting.

Of course, neither of them expected that time would pass so quickly.

Obviously I only rode on the horse for a short time, but an afternoon has already passed.

I really wish that time had stayed at that moment.

When he dismounted, Wang Ling's mind even felt a little empty.

It was as if the warmth from her embrace still remained in his waist. Just thinking about it made the area where he was hugged become extremely hot.

"You've been riding all afternoon, and you still don't look tired."

Lao Liang laughed: "You are not tired, the horses are tired."

Thinking of this, Wang Ling suddenly blushed.

The leisure time at the ranch was so wonderful that he temporarily ignored the horse's feelings.

Although before getting on the horse, Wang Ling had already used the "Light Body Technique" on himself so that he would not feel too tired when the Pegasus carried him.

But after all, this was two people falling in love at once.

I walked all afternoon.

When Wang Ling came out of the pasture, he saw that the Pegasus was so tired that his eyes almost popped out.

"Thank you for your hard work." Wang Ling reached out and stroked the Pegasus' mane.

Then, a burst of spiritual power was injected.

Almost instantly, the Pegasus' rapid breathing calmed down.

The fatigue was swept away, as if it had completely disappeared.

"I didn't expect Classmate Wang to have the ability to tame animals."

Lao Liang marveled: "Lao Bai is quite obedient and well-behaved, but he has always been disgusted by others touching his mane. The last time a tourist touched him, he was kicked out directly. If it hadn't been for the blame today. , maybe you can eat horse meat tonight."

Lao Bai: "..."

Sun Rong couldn't help laughing; "I didn't expect Uncle Liang to be quite humorous. Lao Bai's coat is so beautiful, you must have taken good care of it. How could you not give it to us to eat?"

"Of course outsiders are reluctant to part with you. But you are different."

Lao Liang chuckled: "But, I'm so obedient today, I'm really reluctant to eat it."

When Lao Bai heard this, he breathed a sigh of relief.

It carried Wang Ling and Sun Rong all afternoon today, and it was indeed a little tired, but from the moment Wang Ling took the initiative to reach out and stroke his mane.

Lao Bai then knew that everything was worth it.

Every time he traveled, Wang Ling felt as if he would unintentionally sow a seed for the future.

For example, today he touched Lao Bai.

Wang Ling would never have imagined that many years later he would return to Qingchuan Ranch with his wife and children.

Lao Bai has become the tyrant of Qingchuan and the king of Pegasus.

……

On the way back to the camp, Lao Liang suddenly remembered something: "Ah, by the way, I forgot to tell you. You are staying in the same camp today, so it should be... It doesn't matter, right?"

"It's okay." Sun Rong replied with a smile.

Neither she nor Wang Ling would react to this aspect now.

After all, they had just returned from Zhanmen Winter Camp not long ago.

However, Lao Liang's next words immediately made the two of them dumbfounded: "Is it okay to sleep in a sleeping bag?"

"One... a sleeping bag?" At this moment, the expression on Sun Rong's face suddenly became unstable and her face turned red.

"A big sleeping bag, for two people. Your grandfather didn't make it clear before the Lord came. I thought your marriage was already settled, so I made my own decision."

Lao Liang said: "There are not enough sleeping bags in the camp now, why don't you just make do with it? I think Wang Ling is a quiet person and he shouldn't do anything out of the ordinary."

Wang Ling and Sun Rong: "..."

At this time, the girl sighed silently in her heart.

But she is now.

I just hope that Wang Ling will do something outrageous to her...

(End of chapter)





Chapter 49 She is in so much suffering


2022-04-12 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 49 She is in so much suffering

Not too long has passed since the last winter camp, and Sun Rong vaguely remembered the scene where Wang Ling carefully turned herself over like a pot sticker all night long.

She couldn't be happier at that time.

A man and a woman live together under the same roof. If he didn't have a good impression of him, why would he keep turning her over and looking at her face?

She had noticed it early at that time, but she deliberately didn't say anything.

Because Wang Ling's green reaction made her feel cute and funny.

Sun Rong remembered that she closed her eyes and felt the gentle gaze falling on her eyelids.

She knew he was looking at her.

She knew she had clearly closed her eyes.

But the young man's gaze seemed to have magic power, and it carried a kind of power that gradually accelerated her heartbeat. In the end, even her eyelashes began to tremble slightly with her heartbeat uncontrollably.

She underestimated the temptation the boy gave her, and even more underestimated her endurance. Even though she was just being watched, she had the idea in her heart that she wanted to pounce on the boy and bite him severely.

So, Sun Rong remembered opening her eyes at that time.

In front of him are the boy's fair and rosy face, his smooth collarbone that looks like a work of art, and his lips that look like cotton...

When the two looked at each other, it seemed as if even the air was frozen for a short time.

Looking at the young man's clean face, this abstinent face quickly made her feel a little ashamed... She couldn't believe that she actually had such thoughts about Wang Ling, and even wanted to take the initiative to kill him. To take possession by force...

She is so evil!

So, at that time, she concealed her excitement with a smile and looked at Wang Ling's body hurriedly turning over.

He took the initiative to reach out and turned the young man over: "Here, let you see enough."

Anyway.

The events of that day were like a seed sown deep within her.

She thought she could bear it.

But in fact, on the day when Wang Ling and her moved into the manor, everything was exposed in the dream.

To her, such dreams were selfish and evil thoughts, a small world that could not be told to the outside world.

She suffered a lot.

I dare not tell the boy my dream...

I just felt like I was so out of tune with Wang Ling.

……

Tonight was a familiar scene again, but the difference was that the two of them got into the same sleeping bag.

Her heart was pounding. After the two of them put on their pajamas and entered, it seemed that the entire time and space had become quiet. There was no further conversation. Sun Rong would turn her face to look at Wang Ling from time to time.

She didn't know what Wang Ling thought of her now.

Considered a friend? Still the kind of love that brings heartbeat...

But Sun Rong also knew that the young man now had gradually faded away from his original dull look, and finally had a simple response to her.

A few months ago, a simple hand-holding and hug would have made her feel content.

But now Sun Rong found that she was becoming more and more greedy.

Humans...are indeed selfish and greedy creatures.

She looked at Wang Ling's disgusting face and sighed in her heart.

The constant demands and never-ending desires outline the most realistic portrayal of her heart at this moment.

Sun Rong's heart was agitated for a moment, and she became very uneasy. She knew that she was shameful. Even in such a quiet environment, she was still thinking about those indescribable things.

The young man lying next to her always maintained that posture, staring at the starry sky, looking very lost in thought.

The cover above the tent is transparent. The deep Qingchuan sky is full of stars, and the starlight falls softly from above. This atmosphere is surprisingly good, and it is far more romantic than the romance brought by candlelight and incense. Nothing less.

All times are ripe.

However, when she looked at Wang Ling's face, the courage she had just mentioned in her heart suddenly leaked out from the pores in her body.

The young man's face shrouded in starlight caused her mind to fall back into calmness.

At this time, she suddenly thought of a very critical question, that is, if she really took the initiative to knock the boy down, would the boy react to her?

This reaction is not an emotional reaction, but a physical one...

"This damn heart prison!" At this moment, Sun Rong was thinking sadly and angrily.

Because of the existence of the mental prison, Wang Ling will be proactively cut off from his unnecessary thoughts.

Let’s use a simple analogy.

In the past, Wang Ling's head was empty and there was no reaction.

Now that I have a reaction, I will be forced back again...

Thinking of this, Sun Rong began to feel distressed again.

The person who suffers the most here is actually Wang Ling.

But it was not until tonight that she finally understood why Nuan Yatou was so obsessed with the "big plan".

Really, it was for the "happiness" of the two of them.

Perhaps it is to atone for one’s evil heart;

Maybe it’s because of the heartache after figuring everything out;

She was no longer silent, but turned over, mustered up the courage, and hugged him in the same sleeping bag. Wang Ling could feel Sun Rong's hot breath blowing on him.

Because her face was buried in his chest, even the words she spoke were a bit muffled, with a touch of emotion and shyness: "Don't move...Wang Ling, just let me hug you..."

He was extremely well-behaved, obeying the girl's instructions and not daring to move.

About half an hour later, he heard Sun Rong's steady and orderly breathing.

After all, the girl fell asleep with a sweet smile in a great sense of satisfaction.

They do it again.

Extremely close.

And once again, he saw her peaceful sleeping face up close.

Only this time, Wang Ling no longer dared to peek into the girl's dream...

……

This night took longer than Wang Ling imagined, but he unexpectedly found that the moment he was hugged by Sun Rong, even himself seemed to be enriched.

Like a sponge that has absorbed enough water, you can also feel a sense of comfort.

Soon, Wang Ling also closed his eyes. He was so obedient that he let the girl hold him and toss him around, letting her legs wrap around him like an octopus...

There was no extra expression on Sun Rong's face when she was sleeping. She was as quiet as a painting, but she was actually not honest. This was something Wang Ling discovered only after Sun Rong accidentally broke into his room in the manor last time. of.

Soon, it will be dawn.

In fact, even Sun Rong herself did not expect that she could fall asleep so quickly after holding Wang Ling.

Originally she thought it was a beautiful night in Qingchuan, but she ended up spending time in her sleep again.

She worried that she would have strange dreams.

However, this sleep was dreamless.

Holding Wang Ling in her arms made Sun Rong feel extra at ease.

However, she woke up before Wang Ling at this time, and realized that her left leg was actually across Wang Ling's body... She actually maintained this position and hugged the boy all night!

In just an instant, a burst of flames rushed to her face, causing her body temperature to rise sharply.

She tried to gently pull her leg away.

However, during the process of pulling away, Sun Rong felt something was wrong...

Ah this...

After a brief absence, she came back to her senses and looked at the young man's peaceful sleeping face, and she understood almost instantly.

This is a normal physiological reaction that all boys in good health will have in the morning!

"It turns out that although the heart prison can cut off spontaneous emotions at inopportune times, it can't stop the physiological reactions..." Sun Rong thought with her face flushed.

She was filled with emotion in her heart, hey... how happy she would be if she didn't have a strong heart!

Although he only felt it with his own legs, Wang Ling's scale was astonishing and it was really obvious!

At this time, she found that the evil thoughts in her heart were rising again.

She actually wanted to reach out and test the boy while he was still awake...

(End of chapter)





Chapter 50 An Unforgettable Night (1)


2022-04-14 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 50 An Unforgettable Night (1)

When such a bold idea was generated in Sun Rong's mind, her heartbeat accelerated instantly, and her thoughts fell into a brief erratic state, and she suddenly thought of things that happened a long time ago.

She clearly remembered that the first time she saw Wang Ling, she was moved by him, but at that time she was more curious about Wang Ling than she was fond of him.

After all, I was just a sixteen-year-old girl at that time. Like most upright adolescent boys and girls, I couldn't tell the difference between liking, liking and loving.

And after so many years of hard work.

Now she finally understood the difference between the three.

Repressed for so many years.

It was only at this moment that she suddenly realized that she had already crossed the limit of liking Wang Ling.

This is not liking.

But, love deeply.

She felt like a jackal now, eager to eat all the bones of the boy lying in front of her, possess him forever, and leave a mark that only belonged to her.

"Wang Ling, I'm sorry...I..."

So, she slowly stretched out her hand, her heart beating extremely hard, as if she was doing something dangerous and exciting.

Wang Ling's peaceful sleeping face was as peaceful as an angel's, and his fair face reflected the luster of the cold moon.

This person seems to have all the good things written on his face.

Just looking at this face was enough to make Sun Rong feel like she was drowning.

It was so foul to sleep like this, and it broke through her last psychological defense on the spot.

The first intimate touch, a complex emotion burst out in her mind after being suppressed for a long time. She felt as if she really had Wang Ling.

Then, my mind went blank again.

A few more seconds passed...

The sense of shame and guilt that surged into her heart immediately filled her mind and heart, and even completely submerged her soul.

Withdrawing her hand as if she was electrocuted, Sun Rong couldn't believe that she really didn't control her psychological defense just now.

There was a puff of smoke all over her body, and when she looked at the motionless young man beside her, she felt that the guilt in her heart was getting stronger.

At this time, Sun Rong felt as smooth as a fish that had just come out of the pot. She got out of her sleeping bag on the spot, took out a jacket and put it on her body, then hurriedly left the camp.

At that moment, Sun Rong felt ashamed and panicked in her heart.

Growing up, she worked hard to maintain the dignified image of a young lady and exercised utmost restraint to maintain her grace in front of everyone.

Unexpectedly, Wang Ling's defense would be broken one day.

She opened her hands and cursed herself secretly with a face full of embarrassment. At the same time, she couldn't restrain her laughter after she succeeded: "Rong Sun... you stole a sleeping person's tofu... you, you, you, You are too shameless..."

She realized that she really had no power left to resist Wang Ling.

In the world, Wang Ling was probably the only one who could make her feel as if she was sinking into the dust.

At the entrance of the camp, Sun Rong looked at the gradually brightening sky, feeling that her heart gradually returned to calm.

A few years ago, when Chen Chao and Guo Hao found out that she was still chasing Wang Ling, the expressions on their faces were incredulous.

If you don't really fall in love with someone, you will never be able to exert such patience and perseverance.

They used to sit across from each other and just look at each other briefly between classes, and they felt a sense of contentment.

Now that they were close, what she wanted was more.

It's not long before Nuan Yatou's big plan is implemented...

Her and his story.

It will eventually come to an end...

At this point, my thoughts stopped abruptly.

Feeling calmer, she settled back into her sleeping bag.

At this moment, her mind no longer had those evil thoughts, but was filled with longing and yearning for the future of the two of them.

Wang Ling's breathing was very steady and he still slept soundly.

She didn't care whether Wang Ling could really hear it or not, and muttered to herself in a strange way.

"Wang Ling, please promise me and walk with me..."

"Wang Ling, please promise me, I don't want my beautiful memories of you to be sealed in time..."

As she spoke, Sun Rong's lips began to tremble, and there was mist in her eyes, slowly rising.

She covered her red eyes, suddenly not knowing what to say.

After doing such an outrageous thing to a sleeping person, he still talks to himself wishfully...

She felt that she was ridiculous and outrageous at this time.

Gently wiping her tears with her fingers, she didn't know whether this small movement disturbed the young man or whether the young man was about to wake up. She suddenly noticed that Wang Ling's body moved.

A moment of panic caused her to turn her back to Wang Ling.

She didn't want him to see her alone and embarrassed.

Perhaps because he had just returned from the camp, his body was not yet completely warm. The temperature difference in the sleeping bag made Wang Ling frown slightly.

"Good ice..."

A faint murmur in sleep frightened Sun Rong.

And in the next second, she felt a heater leaning against her back.

She couldn't believe it.

Wang Ling actually turned sideways and hugged her.

"Wang Ling?" She called softly, but she heard the boy's breathing gradually return to calmness.

It turns out that I'm still sleeping...

And she was convinced that Wang Ling was indeed still asleep.

This can't be an act.

Now, when Wang Ling held her sideways.

In addition to feeling very warm and happy.

She also clearly felt that those belated moves were budding...

(End of chapter)





Chapter 51 The Unforgettable Night (2)


2022-04-14 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 51 The Unforgettable Night (2)

The boy's breath was too close to her, and it blew towards her neck with an ambiguous temperature, burning her from the back of her neck to her ears.

She had been looking forward to the embrace while sleeping for a long time. Although she knew it was unconscious, she was deeply satisfied.

Sun Rong originally thought about changing her position to free up some space in her lower half, which would make her look less awkward.

But what she never expected was that she had just moved a little bit, and the young man unexpectedly brought her into his arms again, pressing her even closer in an instant.

As a result, Wang Ling, who was sleeping peacefully, turned into a sleeping piece of wood again, motionless.

And Sun Rong, who was awake, did not dare to act rashly.

He maintained this posture all night.

The timing of everything came so perfectly, which made her happy and shy at the same time.

If it weren't for the "special" method of knowing that Wang Ling was really still asleep, she would have doubted whether Wang Ling was pretending to be asleep...

……

When Wang Ling woke up, he felt full of energy.

He didn't know if it was because Sun Rong was around that he slept very soundly last night.

But when he woke up and found that the girl was no longer beside him, he felt a slight sense of loss in his heart.

……

Outside the battalion commander, Lao Liang lit up a bonfire and was cooking soup. He saw Sun Rong squatting on the stone beside her with her chin in a daze, wondering what she was thinking about.

The flames of the bonfire were reflected in the girl's pupils, but there was no expression on her face.

If Wang Ling had to describe it, he always felt that she seemed a little lost.

Change to normal.

If he leaves the camp like this, the first time he looks at the girl, she will wave and greet him warmly: "Wang Ling, good morning!"

But today.

But there was nothing.

This became the second miraculous thing Wang Ling discovered.

He didn't know what happened last night, and he didn't know why she felt such a sense of loss. He felt very inexplicable about it all.

Even because I didn't hear that familiar good morning, my originally full energy after waking up felt a lot sluggish.

Lao Liang is making breakfast here.

I also clearly felt that something was not quite right in the atmosphere...

The two of them were obviously inseparable yesterday, so why were they suddenly silent this morning?

After about ten minutes, the soup was finished.

The cream of mushroom soup has an amazing aroma that makes you want to eat just from the smell.

Lao Liang first served Wang Ling a bowl.

Then he brought another bowl to Sun Rong, sat down next to the girl, and asked in a low voice: "Did you have a fight?"

Sun Rong was stunned, and replied with a red face: "No...no..."

She couldn't help but sigh in her heart.

I just thought that if I and Wang Ling could really have a fight, it might be interesting.

However, if the object of the quarrel is wood, then no matter what, the quarrel will be impossible...

Even though Wang Ling's mood was gradually opening up now, Sun Rong felt that they would not be able to quarrel in the future.

Because Wang Ling's temper is really good...

"Then, is it possible that he bullied you last night?" Lao Liang couldn't help but smile softly.

He deliberately emphasized the word "bully", which instantly made Sun Rong understand.

"No, no...how is that possible..." Sun Rong defended and turned her head.

Thinking of the scene that happened last night, Sun Rong's face felt hot again. Fortunately, there was enough sunlight today, and there was actually no change visible on her face.

But in fact, Lao Liang was half right.

The reason why she felt a sense of loss was indeed because of what happened last night.

Obviously...

So much happened last night.

For her, this was an unforgettable night.

But she was the only one who remembered this unforgettable night.

This made Sun Rong feel a little unfair.

So when she got out of bed, she decided to "retaliate" against Wang Ling.

Deliberately not talking to him.

I want to see what this person looks like after eating.

After noticing Wang Ling getting up, she quickly corrected her gaze towards the camp and focused all her attention on the bonfire in front of her.

After waking up, the young man was still so clean, white, and tidy. He was bathed in the sun, and his body exuded a vibrant smell.

At that moment, she felt her face turn red again.

She was secretly glad that she had already diverted her attention.

Otherwise, I would definitely be tempted to take the initiative to say hello...

The reason is that Lao Liang just guessed half of it right.

The reason why she was disappointed was indeed because of what happened last night.

But if I really want to talk about it in detail...

It wasn't that Wang Ling "bullied" her.

It would be better to say that she went to "bully" Wang Ling...

Seeing Sun Rong holding the soup bowl, she still hesitated to speak.

Lao Liang knew that there was no point in asking any more questions, so he just gave a final advice from the perspective of experience: "If you have anything to do, just tell me. Don't hold it back."

"Well, thank you, Uncle Liang." Sun Rong responded.

Lao Liang raised his head and finished the soup in the bowl, and smiled: "Don't go out today. You two come and help me."

He knew that now that the young couple was having a verbal conflict, they probably had no intention of going out to play.

Anyway, there is still a lot of time, so choosing some activities such as killing pigs and sheep will help you vent your emotions, prepare the ingredients in advance, and also help provide more space for the two of you.

Neither Wang Ling nor Sun Rong were stupid.

They both knew each other well and understood Lao Liang's intention of making such an arrangement.

As a result, when helping Lao Liang with work, the two of them still had nothing to say.

Wang Ling looked aggrieved, because he really didn't know what happened last night... let alone where Sun Rong's anger came from.

He looked at Sun Rong several times and found that the girl was extremely immersed in the work she was doing, without even looking at him, which made the sense of frustration in his heart deepen for a while.

On the other side, of course Sun Rong also knew that he had been looking at her.

She just glanced at Wang Ling's aggrieved expression with her peripheral vision, which almost made her break her guard and speak first.

How could this person look at her with such a foul expression...

And this process of almost breaking through the defense happened several times in a row later.

Sun Rong once thought that she would relent first and couldn't help but speak first.

Unexpectedly, she broke the record today, and she endured it until the evening.

She couldn't believe that she could endure it today without saying a word to Wang Ling.

……

Finally, it was time to go to bed at night.

It’s the same sleeping bag again.

Just like last night, the two of them were wearing the same rabbit pajamas.

When the surroundings are completely dark.

She turned sideways, with her back to him.

A night without words and a sleepless night.

It's almost morning again.

Sun Rong felt that there was mist in her eyes.

She endured it for a whole day and this night.

Even if she didn't speak first, why wouldn't he say a word to her...

Especially after hearing the calm and rhythmic breathing of Wang Ling next to him.

She suddenly felt her nose was sore, and she could hardly hold back the tears.

Obviously she was still feeling aggrieved by herself, but this person actually slept so peacefully...

"Wang Ling, you have no heart..." Sun Rong was complaining angrily in her heart.

At this moment, she suddenly felt the big stove behind her approaching again.

She knew clearly that this was Wang Ling's unconscious embrace again, but the moment the breath came closer, she found that her whole body was weak and she didn't have the strength to move even half a step.

Wang Ling hugged her again.

And the hug was tighter than last night.

Warm, yet calm.

etc……

calm?

Until then, Sun Rong suddenly realized the difference between this hug and last night.

Almost instantly.

Her sense of grievance disappeared instantly.

Because she was convinced that Wang Ling was not unconscious at this moment.

Nothing like last night.

She hurriedly covered her mouth, showing an expression of disbelief.

He actually pretended to sleep...while hugging her?

(End of chapter)





Chapter 52 The essence of liking is to make exceptions (1)


2022-04-14 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 52 The essence of liking is to make exceptions (1)

The time went back to more than ten hours ago, when the two of them had just gotten up.

The unexpected good morning greeting made Wang Ling feel a little unaccustomed to it. He felt aggrieved and didn't know why Sun Rong was angry.

If you could read minds, it might be a lot easier.

However, he always remembered the agreement between himself and Sun Rong. He could not take the initiative to use this kind of cheating spell on her.

So, he looked at the girl over there who was holding her chin quietly in contemplation. He immediately fell silent and stood stupidly at the door of the camp for a long time.

Angry, definitely angry...

But Wang Ling didn't know where Sun Rong's anger came from.

Without understanding this, he didn't know how to speak.

At this moment, many pictures appeared in Wang Ling's mind.

He had never coaxed a girl before, and he didn't know where to start.

In the past, if he saw a girl crying on the side of the road, if he didn't recognize her, he would change the road and leave.

Because he knows very well that the reason why girls of this age group cry so much is most likely because of troubles in love.

At that time, Wang Ling was thinking that it was impossible for him to fall in love anyway, and he had almost zero experience in this area. Even asking him would be in vain.

So it is better to do less than to do more. Just leave silently.

Of course, Wang Ling was not a completely cold-blooded person at heart. Although he had no emotions in the past, he still knew more or less about the warmth and warmth of human nature.

What if I met a familiar woman?

Probably handing over a pack of tissues was the most kind thing he could do.

As for other things, he didn't even bother to ask.

What if this girl's boyfriend misunderstands and comes to cause trouble?

Wang Ling was worried that the life of this girl's boyfriend would be in danger.

The grass on the grave of the boss of the trio of Shadow Stream killers who was backfired back then was even taller than anyone knows how many meters high.

Sun Rong didn't cry now. It could be said that she couldn't be quieter.

Seeing that the scene of handing a tissue to wipe away tears would not be repeated in the next script, Wang Ling's mind went blank and he didn't know what he should do better.

To be honest, seeing Sun Rong look like this was even more uncomfortable for him than seeing her cry.

And in addition to being uncomfortable...he was even a little touched in his heart.

He couldn't tell what it was, but the touch was like tiny needles pricking his chest.

Due to lack of experience in coaxing girls, Wang Ling felt that he was in a dilemma today.

After his mind went blank for a while, he began to recall the experience of Father Wang coaxing Mother Wang...

That doesn't seem to be an experience.

These two people have always been very affectionate and stick together all day long as if they were one person. If it weren't for their good relationship, they wouldn't have made the decision to carry out the second child plan to give birth to Wang Nuan.

Of course, there are quarrels.

However, in Wang Ling's impression, most of them were just small fights.

Even if they quarrel, the two people will leave room for each other and give each other steps.

Then Wang Ling remembered that the first person to apologize would always be Dad Wang.

Wang Ling vaguely remembered the shameless look on his father's face when he saw Father Wang half-kneeling and hugging Mother Wang's thighs to beg for reconciliation, as well as the wise saying: "A man should coax his wife in his own home and not be shabby." !”

“……”

To sum up, Wang Ling felt that he might be able to imitate Father Wang and apologize first.

But when he thought about it again, he felt that something was wrong.

Because he has to know what he is apologizing for...

So this brain circuit followed this logic and returned to the original problem.

That is, why is Sun Rong angry...

When clearing away the soup bowls, Wang Ling took the initiative to help. He was not good at words and didn't know how to speak.

But this attentive look made Lao Liang understand immediately.

Lao Liang smiled coldly, with the corners of his mouth turned up, like this → "√": "Last night, did you bully Miss Sun Rong?"

“……”

It would have been better for Lao Liang not to ask this question, but this question suddenly made Wang Ling panic.

However, this reaction convinced Lao Liang that Wang Ling was still innocent. Although they were arranged in the same sleeping bag, it was indeed his secret plan. However, Lao Liang did not expect that problems would arise on the first night.

Sun Rong refused to say anything, so Lao Liang had no choice but to guess.

Now, combined with Wang Ling's panic reaction, the speculation of "bullying" Sun Rong can basically be crossed out.

Lao Liang was a veteran and had seen too many things. He actually didn't know what happened last night. He just relied on his experience to talk to Wang Ling: "Boy, let me ask you, how do you feel about Miss Sun?" What do you think?"

Wang Ling's hand wiping the dishes paused slightly.

Lao Liang looked at Wang Ling's still expression and asked another question: "You were in a sleeping bag yesterday, and you didn't even think about doing anything to Miss Sun?"

Wang Ling: "..."

Seeing the dull look on Wang Ling's face, Lao Liang sighed in frustration: "That's not true. I really want you to do those things on the highway. Something simpler can actually be done."

He reminded Wang Ling very patiently: "Okay, boy, let me ask you, if the person who was in the same sleeping bag with you last night was another girl..."

Before Lao Liang finished speaking, Wang Ling was already shaking his head, like a rattle.

Wang Ling couldn't even think about other girls. Let alone any actions, it was impossible to appear in the same sleeping bag with him!

"It's over now." Lao Liang said earnestly: "Girls are quite sensitive and care very much about what the people they like think of them, and they also care that you can try to do some exceptional things for her. This Well...that’s the essence of love.”

The essence of liking is to make exceptions...

After being taught a lesson by Lao Liang, Wang Ling couldn't help but think about what Lao Liang said to him.

Lao Liang just mentioned contrast.

Wang Ling couldn't imagine himself sleeping in a sleeping bag with other girls. Even if he didn't do anything, he would still feel uncomfortable.

But, if it's Sun Rong, it doesn't matter.

He could even feel at ease, allowing him to sleep more soundly than he often did.

He couldn't imagine being in a sleeping bag with other girls.

But with Sun Rong, you can...

He couldn't imagine himself holding hands with other girls.

But with Sun Rong, you can...

He couldn't imagine hugging other girls.

But with Sun Rong, you can...

……

At this time, Lao Liang stood up, called Wang Ling's name, and then patted him on the shoulder: "Boy, I think you are already trapped."

Wang Ling's heart trembled when he heard these words, and he vaguely seemed to understand, but soon he felt an inexplicable force hit his chest, and a sharp pain threw away all his thoughts.

Why...

Obviously he felt as if he had understood it, but it happened to be like this. At the last moment, everything disappeared again...

……

For the entire afternoon, and even until he went to bed at night, he didn't see the girl say a word to him.

After talking to Lao Liang in the morning, the feeling of depression caused by the "heart prison" came back again at this time.

He wanted to understand something, and he seemed to be about to understand it, but before the critical moment, a force forcibly stopped him...

Even Sun Rong ignored him, which made Wang Ling feel even more uncomfortable.

He didn't dare to express his discomfort for fear of scaring Sun Rong, so he just felt depressed in his heart.

This atmosphere lasted until early morning, when it was just dawn.

Her slight sobs suddenly broke the last chord in Wang Ling's heart.

Wang Ling felt as if his heartbeat suddenly missed a beat, and there was a tearing pain deep in his heart.

He found that instead of being obsessed with the issue of "clearly or not", he felt that he had to do something.

Maybe it was because Sun Rong ignored him for the whole day, which made him feel a sense of pressure and tension.

So at this time, when he heard the slight sobs, his physical movements took precedence over his thinking.

He suddenly brought the girl with her back to him into his arms and filled her arms tightly.

At this moment, Wang Ling actually felt like he had regained something, and all his uneasiness disappeared.

"I'm sorry..." he said proactively.

Although he didn't know why he was apologizing, the moment he hugged Sun Rong, Wang Ling found that this issue seemed not to be that important anymore.

Sun Rong did not respond. Instead, while enjoying the warmth, she spent a long time sorting out her emotions.

The one who really should apologize is obviously her...

The boy's tenderness made her chest twitch.

"Wang Ling..." At this time, Sun Rong said.

The next second, she finally couldn't help it anymore. The emotions she had suppressed for a whole day suddenly burst out at this moment, and she suddenly turned over to face Wang Ling.

She held his face, her eyes as gentle as water: "You...hate me?"

Wang Ling shook his head gently: "No..."

Sun Rong's face turned red: "If what I am going to do to you next makes you feel disgusted, you must tell me."

Wang Ling responded obediently: "Yes."

He seemed to vaguely know what Sun Rong's intention was, but he didn't say much.

Because everything that happens at this moment is unspeakable.

She gently held his face when her lips were only a centimeter away from his.

Each other's breaths mingled together at this moment, and then gradually became close to each other.

He couldn't imagine himself kissing other girls.

But with Sun Rong, you can...

(End of chapter)





Chapter 53 The essence of liking is to make exceptions (2)


2022-04-15 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 53 The essence of liking is to make exceptions (2)

Her body was trembling slightly, and she felt like she had never been so excited in her life.

Countless times, she had imagined the scene at this moment.

But just thinking about it.

I have never had the courage to take the initiative to try.

At this moment, she could feel the blood flowing all over her body.

While kissing the boy, the familiar smell that only belonged to Wang Ling made her almost collapse from happiness.

Then she couldn't help but go deeper.

"It turns out that it's really sweet when you kiss the one you like..." Her cheeks were flushed, and countless emotions were superimposed at this moment, and tears couldn't stop falling from the corners of her eyes.

Then her face turned redder and redder, and her slender fingers went around Wang Ling's back and grabbed his back.

His breath began to penetrate her nose densely. She had never thought that Wang Ling's breath could be so hot.

The slight heat and numbness spread throughout her body, bringing with it a strange electric current that made her feel completely relaxed.

She took off all her armor and defenses, and revealed to Wang Ling the truest side of herself that she had suppressed deep in her heart.

She didn't know how long they kissed before she reluctantly left him tremblingly, lowered her head and fell into a deep sleep.

Quarreling is always tiring and consumes too much energy.

And that earth-shaking and lingering kiss just now consumed all her last bit of energy. She felt the fiery aura on Wang Ling's body, and her spirit gradually relaxed with great satisfaction...

When Wang Ling opened her eyes again, she realized that Sun Rong had fallen asleep on his arm.

It was not until he saw the girl sleeping peacefully that Wang Ling couldn't help but return to the lingering kiss just now.

He never thought that a kiss could be so intense...

In fact, when the girl brought up the idea of kissing him, he didn't have any extra thoughts. He just thought that if he did that, maybe she would be in a better mood and no longer be depressed.

Sun Rong, who was silent and silent, made him feel uncomfortable. He didn't want to see her like this.

And when he fully accepted Sun Rong's conditions, the kiss couldn't stop...

This was Wang Ling's first kiss.

Although I have witnessed it many times, I never thought that one day I would be like this with Sun Rong.

He didn't expect that not only did he not have any thoughts of resistance in his mind, but he allowed her to release all her emotions and allowed her to be "unbridled" for a long time...

Yes...

It seems that only Sun Rong has always had such a privilege, so that he will not feel resistance and rejection.

Lao Liang told her.

I like to make exceptions again and again.

So, does he also like Sun Rong?

But under normal circumstances, people who like someone should be like Sun Rong...who wants to selfishly possess everything about the other person.

But Wang Ling was confused and found that he seemed to be trapped by something. He could not be more respectful to her, and there was not even a trace of evil thoughts in his mind...

So, does this count as liking?

He doesn't know.

At this time, Wang Ling's mind was racing with thoughts, but he did not dare to think too deeply.

Because he knew that if he thought about it any further, his heart would be stabbed hard again.

This might disturb her while she is sleeping.

But after this kiss, he understood a few things.

That was that Sun Rong was indeed special to him.

And he doesn't reject her kiss...

On the contrary, I felt very comfortable.

The only unpleasant thing is.

Sun Rong's kissing skills were so good that he once wondered whether she would do that to others...

……

When Sun Rong woke up, she found that it was already three o'clock in the morning and it was already twelve o'clock in the afternoon!

Of course, this is not the key. The key is that she woke up on Wang Ling's arm...

She couldn't believe that she fell asleep while kissing him! And he slept on Wang Ling's arm...

The most terrible thing was that when she woke up, she found that the boy was leaning sideways, supporting his head with his other hand and looking at her. The sight from his clear eyes had a deadly power, which made her turn red instantly.

She blushed and stood up quickly: "Hug...sorry..."

Wang Ling didn't have much expression on his face, but he seemed to have a faint smile. She didn't dare to look at Wang Ling's eyes. She only saw Wang Ling's perfect chin and the corners of his lips that seemed to be Yang Fei Yang.

"Why are you apologizing?" he asked, looking at her.

"Yesterday, I was talking too much to myself..." She shyly wanted to find a hole to crawl in, kiss her and fall asleep, but it was okay...

But now that she had calmed down, she suddenly felt that it was lucky that she had fallen asleep like that, otherwise she would have really couldn't help but ride on Wang Ling and eat him clean.

"No." Wang Ling shook his head.

"Um...don't you... hate it..." Sun Rong then asked.

"without."

Wang Ling continued, looking at her seriously: "Because it's very comfortable."

Hearing these words once again made Sun Rong blush.

Why can this person say such... embarrassing words with such a calm expression!

However, her racing heart did not conceal her joy after hearing these words.

Wang Ling did not hate his kiss.

And he also said it was very comfortable...

etc!

Very comfortable...

Sun Rong realized that something was wrong.

Why did she sense from Wang Ling's words that Wang Ling thought she was very skilled...

This is obviously her first kiss too!

"Wang Ling!" She shouted softly: "This... this is also my first kiss!"

As she said that, she became shy again, hugging her knees in the sleeping bag and looking at him with half-hidden face: "Because I have been looking up information on this... and I have been..."

"What?" Wang Ling asked calmly.

In fact, after hearing this, the last bit of displeasure he felt had completely dissipated.

It turns out that he is gifted, not that he is skilled because he is like others.

As a result, Wang Ling suddenly felt happy.

Wang Ling believed 100% in the matter of giftedness.

Because he was also gifted when he was born...

At this moment, Sun Rong hugged her knees and was still debating whether to say the next words: "And I have always..."

After going back and forth for more than ten seconds, she finally couldn't help but tell her secret: "I've been thinking about you while practicing...every day! That's why...I'm very skilled..."

As soon as she finished speaking, Wang Ling's cheeks began to turn slightly red.

He was silent for a few seconds before speaking: "Don't think about it anymore."

These words were like a basin of cold water, instantly extinguishing the heat in Sun Rong's body.

"Sure enough, he doesn't like this..."

"It must be disgusting to be thought of like this..."

The sense of loss in her heart overflowed involuntarily.

The result is in the next second.

Wang Ling said again in an extremely soft voice: "You can... come to me and practice."

"ah?"

Just for a moment, she raised her head in surprise, unable to believe what she heard: "Wang...Wang Ling, say it again!"

If you can't hear it, forget it...

As a result, the young man ignored her and just turned over.

(End of chapter)





Chapter 54 The Intimate Temptation (1)


2022-04-16 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 54 The Intimate Temptation (1)

On the morning of the third day after arriving in Qingchuan, when he saw that the atmosphere between the young couple had become tense again, Lao Liang immediately knew something.

It seems that after his persuasion and adjustment yesterday, the effect is still very obvious.

And more than that, he felt that the distance between the two was obviously closer than before coming to Qingchuan.

It is said that Qingchuan is a magical place, where all men and women who yearn for love will find where they belong.

This is not just talk. It sounds very mysterious, but sometimes, people have to believe in metaphysics.

To put it bluntly, it is not that Qingchuan is magical enough, but that those who have beautiful visions and wishes for love find their own motivation here.

Just like the people who retweeted Koi in various circles of friends and social media before the exam.

A cup of fragrant butter milk tea, a piece of charcoal-grilled lake fish, a few grilled steamed buns and a pile of soy sauce steamed beef slices. This morning's meal was obviously much richer than yesterday.

Sun Rong and Wang Ling helped prepare the fish and beef yesterday afternoon.

"Uncle Liang! It's delicious!" Sun Rong smiled, slightly covering her mouth while chewing.

"It's delicious, just eat more. I still have a lot here. I probably can't eat anymore." Lao Liang frowned, and then took a sip of the home-brewed liquor in the gourd.

"It would be a waste if we can't eat such delicious food," said Sun Rong.

"Yes, who told you that you two didn't talk to each other yesterday afternoon and took your anger out on these fish and cows, causing me to have excess food reserves here." Lao Liang laughed.

Upon hearing this, the two people sitting next to each other blushed almost simultaneously.

"Then what should we do...is there any way to remedy this?" At this time, Sun Rong looked at Wang Ling.

Almost immediately I thought that Wang Ling had the ability to resurrect dead creatures...

Wang Ling: "..."

Even without mind reading, Wang Ling could actually guess the girl's inner thoughts at this moment.

To be resurrected... it wasn't impossible. The main reason was that he was worried about scaring Lao Liang.

His thoughts changed rapidly. He didn't know if it was because Sun Rong was also thinking seriously, but he actually started to think seriously about how to handle the ingredients...

Do you want to eat them all?

With his appetite, it's actually not difficult to do this.

After all, his stomach is technically a black hole inside...

Therefore, Wang Ling will never have enough food.

Only when he gets tired of eating something will he stop eating it.

As for this, the owners of the cafeterias that had been "disastered" by Wang Ling also understood this very well.

"Hehe, I'm kidding you. There won't be any left."

Seeing that the young couple was really deep in thought, looking like they were thinking seriously, Lao Liang couldn't help but laugh again: "The passenger flow is very large this year, not only will there be no leftover meat, I'm afraid it won't be enough." use."

He looked at the two people with confused expressions and thought that these two people were really cute.

When he was very young, he hugged Sun Rong, and now they meet again after many years. The little princess he held back then has grown into a graceful and beautiful girl.

Although it was the first time for Lao Liang to meet Wang Ling, he had to admit that the grandson-in-law Sun Yiyuan chose was even better than he had imagined.

If the only shortcoming is, perhaps it is too wooden.

Like a wooden fish, it has to be knocked to make any sound.

But in the final analysis, if Wang Ling hadn't had his own unique charm, he probably wouldn't have been able to eat this little Sun girl to death...

In summary.

Lao Liang thought.

This Wang Ling, he has something...

Thinking of this, Lao Liang stood up: "You can move freely today. The camp is very busy, I have to go over and help."

"Okay Uncle Liang, does Uncle Liang have any recommendations?" Sun Rong asked politely.

Lao Liang smiled and said without hesitation: "We have come to Qingchuan, no matter what, we must go to Qingchuan Lake to see it. You saw East Lake on the way here, but there is still a big difference between East Lake and the main lake. "

……

So, she and him came to the Qingchuan Lake where the water and the sky are painted. The main lake of Qingchuan is as vast as the sea, and the edge can't be seen at a glance.

It wasn't until they came to the main lake that the two of them understood what Lao Liang meant.

Dots of light scattered on the lake surface, shining with dazzling dreams, just like a scene in a dream.

Maybe every girl in such an environment will feel moved.

Of course, perhaps, what moved her at this moment was not the dreamlike scene in front of her.

But, at this moment, standing next to her was the once elusive young man.

Yes.

She was convinced that she loved Wang Ling more than the beautiful scenery.

She likes to see him completely immersed in himself, the way heaven and man are one, the windless clothes, the fair and dazzling skin, and the red lips...

When she saw this, she moved her eyes away with a guilty conscience, feeling that her newly calm heart was stirred up again.

Why……

Enjoy the beautiful scenery, Rong Sun!

According to the order of the King of Human Beings, heaven and man are united as one! Take it so seriously! What a beautiful picture! How quiet!

Can you think of something that has nothing to do with getting on the highway?

She said angrily in her heart.

Not angry at Wang Ling, but angry at myself...

She thought she was already happy after kissing Wang Ling, but in fact... when everything calmed down, the feeling of worrying about gains and losses spread to her again like a curse.

In the morning, Wang Ling said to her.

From now on, if you want to practice kissing, you can try it with him...

She knew that given the young man's personality, he would probably never say such words again.

But she urgently wanted to know whether Wang Ling's words were true or not.

So, she scanned half of his face and looked at him secretly with her peripheral vision. She walked closer to the young man next to her. After standing for a moment, she saw that Wang Ling's expression didn't change much, so she pretended to look at the scenery from another place. From an angle, he passed Wang Ling and walked to the other side.

As a result, Wang Ling still didn't respond?

Was her hint not obvious enough?

Then, Sun Rong thought of another way and suddenly shouted softly: "Wang Ling, there is something on your face. I...I will help you get it off."

The young man looked at the lake with a calm face, still without much response. He just closed his eyes gently when Sun Rong stretched out his finger, and felt the temperature of the girl's fingertips staying for a short time near the corner of his lips, and then He quickly retracted.

This hint should be obvious enough, right?

She was extremely looking forward to Wang Ling's response.

And in the next second, what she was expecting, the boy's hand finally reached towards her cheek...

No way!

This piece of wood...actually reacted?

When he actually made a move, she found that she felt a little unbelievable in her heart.

So, she also gently closed her eyes.

Looking forward to what the boy will do next to her...

(End of chapter)





Chapter 55 The Intimate Temptation (2)


2022-04-17 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 55 The Intimate Temptation (2)

Those adolescent men and women next to me would have their hearts beating fast even if they put their fingers together.

Sun Rong's heart was beating wildly. She had obviously done something so exciting last night, but now when Wang Ling's fingertips came close to her cheek, she felt as if all the strength in her body had been relieved.

What exactly was Wang Ling going to do to her?

Will he stop her and put her in his arms, and then do what he promised her?

As a result, Wang Ling's fingertips only stayed on her head briefly, and then quickly moved away.

Sun Rong blinked twice and stared at the thing Wang Ling had picked off for a long time before she recognized that it was the white velvet from a dandelion, which had floated from somewhere and stuck to her hair.

As a person with a slight obsessive-compulsive disorder, it was almost the moment when Sun Rong deliberately wandered in front of Wang Ling...

The first thing he noticed was not her flowing hair, her pink and delicate lips, her pointed little nose, or her eyes full of desire and possessiveness.

Yes……

At that moment, all Wang Ling's attention was on the white velvet of the dandelion.

As expected of you, Wang Ling...

Sun Rong couldn't laugh or cry in her heart. Although she had already seen Wang Mutou's straight man manipulations frequently, the atmosphere was so good now... It was outrageous that she was the only one intoxicated!

She felt that Wang Ling could not even be called "a role model for our generation", he was simply a "model worker among our role models"!

There was a little sense of loss in my heart, but in fact it was not too sad. After all, they had experienced such a passionate kiss not long ago.

But on the one-way street of love, everyone who walks on it is always greedy.

Even though she seemed calm on the surface, she couldn't deny that she sometimes felt tired and lonely.

Sometimes she even wonders if she is chasing something fruitless...

The longer she chased Wang Ling, the more she realized that the gap in her heart was getting bigger and bigger. She desperately hoped that Wang Ling could get closer and fill her heart.

Her latest breakdown was vaguely in front of her.

If she hadn't learned about Xinlao from Nuan Yatou, she might have really given up on the relationship she had been chasing for nearly ten years at that time...

But in fact, when facing this piece of wood, she found that she could always show unusual patience.

So from the moment Wang Nuan decided to implement the big plan with her.

Sun Rong made up her mind.

That being the case.

So……

Wang Ling, let me save you first.

She imagined that one day when the prison in her heart was broken, this young man would find her on the colorful auspicious clouds like in the movie and give her the promise of a lifetime.

It was at that moment that Sun Rong felt relieved.

This is by no means a simple unrequited love.

It was an unspoken heartbeat between her and him.

Once, it is only theirs, each other's salvation...

Recycle your thoughts quickly.

Sun Rong looked at the young man who seemed to be calming down while looking at the beautiful scenery of the lake, and blinked.

Although she hoped that Wang Ling would take the initiative once, but in this situation, because of the relationship between her and her heart.

Not moving is understandable.

If he doesn't move...she can move by herself!

Faced with such a piece of wood, Sun Rong suddenly understood that the best way was actually for her to take the initiative! At this stage, it is really difficult to expect a piece of wood to find ways to understand her hints!

"Wang Ling, let's take a selfie together?"

So she called him softly, walked towards him, took out her cell phone, and turned on the camera in her cell phone.

This action looks so natural that there is nothing wrong with it.

However, just when she was about to approach the boy, while she was adjusting the camera's functions, she suddenly moved forward, pretending to be inattentive because she was looking at her phone, and suddenly fell on Wang Ling.

Wang Ling fell to the ground, feeling the soft grass behind him and the girl who suddenly pressed on him.

Almost at this moment, the fragrance that he had tasted from the girl a few hours ago appeared again, quickly redrawing his memory.

At this moment, the two of them were facing each other, and time seemed to have stopped.

She pressed on him and stayed on him for a long moment as if on purpose. Then she stuck out her tongue cutely and said apologetically: "I'm sorry...Wang Ling...I...I'll get up right away." …”

Even though she pretended to fall, and even though she strongly condemned such a shameless behavior in her heart, she just wanted to do this to Wang Ling.

Including now, he said that he was going to get up soon.

But he could only hold up his upper body with difficulty, and still straddled Wang Ling with his legs.

This gesture was too obvious and straightforward. Even if Wang Ling didn't understand, he could still know why the girl was looking at him reluctantly at this moment.

And almost at this moment, he suddenly understood the way she kept wandering in front of his eyes at the lakeside and all the meaningful little moves she made.

He finally knew why when he reached out his hand, she closed her eyes and her long eyelashes trembled.

He finally knew why when he took off the white velvet, her cheeks turned red, and her ears almost instantly burned.

And at this moment, she leaned down again, looked into his eyes, and looked at him: "Wang Ling, your face is so red..."

At this moment, his face did turn red, especially when the girl's shadow covered him, losing the light cover, and this light red became more obvious.

He said nothing, but raised an arm to cover his eyes.

He, who had always been fearless, was completely restrained by her eyes at this moment.

Wang Ling couldn't believe that just being looked at could make him feel hot.

And this subtle movement seemed to stimulate the girl.

At this point, Sun Rong's actions became even bolder. She removed Wang Ling's hand and clasped the boy's wrist with her own hand: "Don't cover it, Wang Ling... You are the cutest like this."

“……”

In Wang Ling's memory, it seemed that Sun Rong had never dared to do such a thing to him. Her tender eyes were full of dominance and possessiveness, and she wanted to tear him apart.

Compared to the deep kiss a few hours ago.

This time, she became bolder.

"Wang Ling, practice is about to begin now..."

She just finished speaking.

Then, he felt the girl's kiss coming down impatiently, and she pressed against him.

(End of chapter)





Chapter 56 What did you miss?


2022-04-18 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 56 What did you miss?

The girl's stormy attack frightened Wang Ling at first, but in fact when they actually met, he suddenly felt that her movements softened almost instantly.

The initial storm turned into a steady spring rain, which felt like chewing a marshmallow soaked in honey.

At the same time, Sun Rong could not stop trembling slightly.

It could be seen that she was trying her best to restrain herself, for fear that her kiss would be too intense and scare the boy.

She had imagined in her mind whether Wang Ling would be resistant to such a sudden behavior.

But to be honest, the more the young man lying on the lawn resisted, the more she felt a strong desire to possess him, wanting to engulf him completely, break him apart bit by bit, crush him to pieces and swallow him into her stomach.

However, seeing that Wang Ling did not resist her kiss, her mood suddenly became better.

Sure enough, I can practice with him, right...

This is really awesome.

It's true that she can be so sweet and honest with the boy she admires.

What she has dreamed of for so many years has finally taken the first step. This happiness that suddenly bursts out after a long period of accumulation is like the first clear spring that a person who has drained all the water in the desert drinks. People have endless aftertaste.

That afternoon, Wang Ling remembered that the girl used him as a training target in various tricks with superb skills that he didn't know where to look at.

He felt that his thoughts were completely empty and he became light and airy. Under the girl's almost crazy kiss, he felt surprisingly peaceful and comfortable.

It wasn't until he finally came to his senses that Wang Ling realized that his mouth was filled with her taste.

At dinner time in the evening, Lao Liang brought over the grilled lamb chops and sprinkled them with cumin, and the aroma of the lamb chops immediately wafted out.

After practicing all afternoon, Wang Ling became extremely hungry.

For the first time, he discovered that there were exercises in the world that were more tiring than doing exercises, but could also make his mental state extremely comfortable and completely relaxing.

Taking a bite of the lamb chop, the overflowing meaty aroma instantly filled my mouth.

Wang Ling smacked his lips, secretly surprised.

The lamb chops in his hands were obviously so fragrant and the meat was so rich, but when he took a bite, he still couldn't cover up the taste of the girl.

He didn't know if the kiss was too long, but he just felt that Sun Rong's scent was like an imprint, completely imprinted in his mind.

In comparison, Sun Rong's dinner seemed unappetizing.

"Why don't you eat? Are you feeling uncomfortable somewhere?" Lao Liang was confused. He looked at Sun Rong's condition. Her face was rosy and full. It was completely different from yesterday's feeling. It was not the way she behaved after a conflict. .

"No...no, Uncle Liang. I just suddenly have no appetite. I'll smell such fragrant mutton for a while and then eat it when I'm hungry!" Sun Rong replied with a smile, her cheeks flushed red.

Especially when she said "smell for a while", the word "smell"... reminded her of the passionate kiss she had with Wang Ling in the afternoon.

She immediately raised her forehead, feeling that she was really hopeless.

The persona of the reserved eldest lady in the past has completely collapsed in front of Wang Ling...

As for why she doesn't eat mutton now, the reason is actually very simple.

It’s definitely not because of dietary restrictions or weight loss.

Although she has a good habit of keeping in shape, it is not easy for her to travel with the people she likes. Enjoying good food together is also a crucial part of travel.

That's why she doesn't eat lamb chops.

In the final analysis, there is only one reason.

I just "practiced" with Wang Ling for too long in the afternoon.

As a result, her cheek hurts now...

Because she is the one taking the initiative to attack.

So Wang Ling was fine...

In fact, Sun Rong didn't know that her current idea was completely wrong.

Because just many years later, even if she changed her offensive, she would still be the one whose cheeks hurt...

I don't know if it was because the afternoon practice was too in-depth, but the two of them did nothing that night. They were lying in the same sleeping bag and wearing the same rabbit pajamas. She seemed to have exhausted all her energy, staring at Wang Ling. After looking at his face for a while, he fell asleep at the speed of light.

Then, Wang Ling also closed his eyes, but that night he was only half asleep, not in a deep sleep.

After struggling for the past few nights, every night he would continue to sort out the relationship between the two of them in his mind like he was doing now. He didn't think too deeply about it because he was worried about what would happen to the inexplicable shackles in his heart.

So he just thought slowly and thought slowly.

And then until now.

He suddenly noticed the dreaming girl next to him.

All the outlines seemed to become clearer in his mind...

"Wang...Ling...stop kissing...my cheeks, it hurts..." At this time, the sleeping girl let out a murmur.

“……”

Wang Ling turned his face slightly and glanced at her.

I don't know what strange dream she is having.

He saw her sticking out her little tongue and licking her lips gently, then turned over very naturally and hung on him like a little koala.

"Forced" to feel the warmth brought by this hug, Wang Ling soon fell asleep.

Maybe even he didn't notice it.

The moment she hugged him.

The corners of his lips unconsciously raised slightly.

……

On the day of their return, Wang Ling and Sun Rong took the express high-speed train back to Songhai City.

In fact, the same people on the high-speed train as them were Zhuo Yi and Jiugong Liangzi.

To be honest, Zhuo Yi was actually quite upset.

After all, when he and Jiugong Liangzi were sent to travel together, according to Mr. Sun's intention, he wanted to provide some inspiration to his master Wang Ling and his wife Sun Rong through their behavior as a model couple.

The truth is, they didn't help at all.

Not because of anything else...

Ultimately, the main reason is that the environment in Qingchuan is so good.

And Jiugong Liangzi has a particularly big problem, that is, he likes to do some indescribable things with the people he likes in places he has never been to.

In addition, when doing this kind of thing, Jiugong Liangzi seemed to have changed a person, directly changing from a graceful poet to a bold poet...

This directly led to Zhuo Qi always feeling exhausted every night.

No matter how good his kidneys are and how strong his abilities are, his wife will never be able to do anything to make him stronger.

Zhuo Yi was miserable, but he was happy with it.

By the time I came to my senses, it was already time to return.

He knew that Mr. Sun personally came to pick him up today. It was not Wang Ling and Sun Rong who picked him up, but they were picked up first...

Zhuo Qi felt uneasy, fearing that Mr. Sun would blame him.

As soon as he got off the car, Mr. Sun hugged him with tears in his eyes: "Well done! Brother Zhuo Yi!"

Zhuo Yi: "?"

etc……

What did he do again?

When he first heard this, he just felt that these words seemed a bit familiar...

I always feel as if I am somehow going to take the blame again.

He only heard Mr. Sun excitedly but quietly saying in his ear: "I heard from Lao Liang that these two children... are in love!"

"……What?!"

When Zhuo Yi and Jiugong Liangzi heard this, they were stunned on the spot.

How many times have they arranged opportunities, but neither of them has had a result.

Why did this trip to Qingchuan... happen suddenly? ? ?

What did they miss? ? ?

(End of chapter)





Chapter 57 The big plan begins


2022-04-19 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 57 The big plan begins

After returning from the trip, Wang Ling's whole state was filled with "something wrong."

At least in the eyes of the Wang family.

This change may be subtle in the eyes of outsiders, but people around you can quickly appreciate the difference after looking at it for a long time.

For example, Wang Nuan recently discovered that Wang Ling was distracted for longer periods of time.

Although I have been in a daze from time to time while sitting on the sofa, in fact it is a meditative state that completely empties my mind, and it usually does not last particularly long.

But the current situation is that he was sitting on the sofa in a daze, and then his face started to glow red for a while, as if he was drunk.

Just by looking at it with the naked eye, Wang Nuan could feel that this trip to Qingchuan could be said to be an incomparable success.

Now has reached the most critical moment.

And at this critical moment, there is often just one last "tremor" left.

While Mother Wang was washing the dishes, Father Wang deliberately walked to the side to pour tea. A tacit conversation occurred between the husband and wife. They did not need to open their mouths at all and could complete the communication by twitching their eyebrows.

The eyebrows on the left represent short waves, and the eyebrows on the right represent long waves.

This is the "eyebrow version of Morse code" specific to the Wang family.

"What do you think Ling Ling is thinking about?" Wang Ma glanced at Wang Ling and twitched her eyebrows.

"I guess I'm thinking about Rongrong."

Father Wang also twitched his eyebrows: "I heard from the old man from the Sun family that during this trip, both of them kissed."

"What? How come I don't know about this?"

Wang Ma showed an incredulous expression: "Who started this...?"

"That must be Rongrong. It's unbelievable that Rongrong held it in for so long. Fortunately she could bear it." Father Wang couldn't help laughing.

"Ling Ling, he didn't push the person away?"

"Ha, this kid...has grown up after all."

This was the first time Mother Wang had heard of this, but thanks to Father Wang's information, she finally knew why Wang Ling had been distracted recently.

I bet you are in love.

But based on Wang Ma’s understanding of Wang Ling…

In this current situation, it is estimated that Wang Ling has not yet reached the stage of a showdown.

In other words, the current situation is that the whole world knows that these two people are in a relationship, they feel like it, and they are in a similar state... But unfortunately, even if they have an agreement, no one has officially announced it to the outside world.

Wang Ma was washing the dishes, and the movements of her hands were like automatic gears. As the thoughts in her heart kept changing, she washed faster and faster, almost grinding the dishes to sparks: "Hey, it has come to this point. Not even I wonder when this kid of ours can take the initiative."

"Don't worry. Let me see, it's almost over." Father Wang was holding the tea cup, twitching his eyebrows, with joy on his face and in his heart.

As the two elders of Lao Wang's family.

What they actually want to see more is that their son can take the first step like a man.

But obviously, judging from the current situation, it will still take some time.

But this time, Father Wang estimates, it won’t be long.

He knew Wang Ling, and he also knew Sun Rong. Sun Rong didn't say anything first, probably in anticipation of this.

In the final analysis, it is also to fulfill the face of their Wang family.

What a sensible and well-behaved girl.

Whenever they figured out Sun Rong's thoughts, Father Wang and Mother Wang would always sigh inwardly.

……

Wang Ling had been waiting at home for several days, thinking about how to send text messages to Sun Rong all day long, but he often edited a few words and then deleted them.

On the one hand, he is not good at words, and on the other hand, it is also because he feels that just uttering so few words always feels a bit too shabby.

Then, as the sister of the Immortal King, Wang Nuan made a complaint that only a sister could say: "How many ellipses have you given to others before? Why didn't you feel shabby at that time?"

“……”

Wang Ling had no comment on this because he had nothing to say.

He repeatedly reviewed the messages that Sun Rong had sent him before, reading them all as if he were reading a novel. His cheeks became redder and redder, and his heart beat faster and faster.

I even began to feel a little grateful for the automatic cloud upload function now, which has preserved all the memories of the past.

Wang Ling felt that something was definitely wrong with him.

It's not like he hasn't seen these text messages before... including those very explicit confession messages.

He didn't feel anything at all before, but now he felt a little bit happy when he read it again.

Yes.

Even if he doesn't admit it in his heart.

It's really just that Yisisi is happy.

And after being happy, what he gained was naturally endless emptiness...

He suddenly discovered that the cold words on the mobile phone screen were not as warm as real people after all.

Even if he doesn't admit it in his heart.

But the current fact is this.

He has started to miss her a little bit...

……

After returning from the trip, the two never met. After all, Rong Sun was the future heir of the Huaguo Water Curtain Group. Although she traveled for a while under Mr. Sun's thoughtful arrangements, she had accumulated a lot of important things for the group after returning.

You have to take care of both your relationship and your career.

As an excellent modern independent female cultivator, Sun Rong knows very well that everything she does now is for her and his future.

After many days, the next time we met was in Zhan Da's "Avenue Library".

On this day, there was a long queue in front of the Avenue Library because it was an important information collection day.

Seeing that he was approaching the age of graduating from college, Zhan Da unified arranged this operation to correct and collect new student photos for subsequent updates of the backend database and production of graduation certificates.

Wang Ling came here early in the morning, not to take pictures, but because he wanted to see her earlier.

On the surface, he was calmly lining up in the queue, but his spiritual sense was scanning the area every half a second, making Wang Ling feel like he was living like a human radar for the first time.

About half an hour later, as usual, she was well-dressed and surrounded by a group of people. She entered from the school gate and walked towards him.

There was still a generous smile on his face, and without even looking at him, he walked straight past the edge and came to the front of the queue.

Buzz!

Wang Ling felt his heart tremble. Somehow, he had a vague feeling that something was wrong, but he couldn't tell what it was.

She clearly passed by him just now, but the tenderness in her eyes was gone, it was just a simple look at a stranger...

Until now, Wang Ling still hadn't noticed.

He had fallen into the trap set by Wang Nuan.

It was almost a seamless transition between day and night.

Wang Nuan relied on his single-handed operation to exert 100% of the power of Shadow Dao, and swept Wang Ling into another earth.

Everything has a shadow.

The world Wang Ling was in at this moment was not the real earth.

But the shadow is almost exactly the same as the earth...

(End of chapter)





Chapter 58 Two strangers


2022-04-20 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 58 Two strangers

In this way, she and him became strangers overnight.

This change came so fast and suddenly, even more unexpected than the face-changing in Sichuan Opera.

Wang Ling even couldn't figure out why Sun Rong could change so quickly. She was almost passing by him and ignoring him for a moment. He was almost certain that she was not joking to him.

Because the light in her sight disappeared...

Standing among the crowd, Wang Ling felt that his thoughts were very confused, as if he had returned to a very distant past, and the memories in his mind were constantly changing and wandering.

And the piece of memory that he finally picked up was the second semester of her sophomore year in high school, when she made her last public confession to him in front of everyone throughout high school.

It was still the same line as before, she said she liked him...

Then he added something that Wang Ling had never heard before.

"Wang Ling, no matter how you feel about me, you will always be the light in my life..." She said numbly and seriously, with a shy expression on her face.

At that time, Wang Ling only felt that his heartbeat stopped briefly, and then quickly returned to calm.

But to be honest, in the many public confessions made by Sun Rong in high school.

Only this time, Wang Ling was particularly impressed.

Because just when Sun Rong confessed her love, he noticed the sparkle in her eyes.

At the moment when his heartbeat stopped briefly, his memory began to tumble like an old movie. He thought of the way a girl would smile at him, the expression on her face when she said hello... and even the inadvertent exchange of glances during class. .

The light in her eyes was always there.

All eyes are on him...

And now, at the moment when she passed by him just now.

Wang Ling saw that the light in her eyes disappeared.

Finally, it was Wang Ling's turn to collect information about graduation photos. The female teacher in charge of photography adjusted the light in the shed and asked Wang Ling to sit down at the designated position.

"Classmate, smile." The female teacher held a SLR camera and smiled.

Wang Ling had a straight face.

"Classmate...please smile?" the female teacher asked again.

Wang Ling still had a straight face.

He stared at the camera with an indescribable coldness.

In fact, his attention was not on the camera lens at all, and all the peripheral vision in his eyes fell on Sun Rong, who had already taken the photo first.

Seeing her surrounded by a group of boys and girls, she couldn't help but feel even more irritated.

"Ah! I finally met Senior Sister Sun Rong! You are more beautiful than what I saw on TV!"

"Senior...Senior, can I add your WeChat account?"

There were quite a few boys asking questions with excited faces, which made Wang Ling feel even more uncomfortable.

……

Just girls.

What's going on with these boys...

And there are actually many freshmen who have just entered Zhan University.

Perhaps they had already heard that the prospective graduates of their class were coming to the "Avenue Library" to take graduation photos today, so they stayed here early in the morning, waiting for Sun Rong to finish taking the photos, and then they swarmed over and asked some questions. It's nothing.

What made Wang Ling even more depressed was that the girl was surprisingly patient.

She shines brightly in the center of the crowd, with her on-point conversations and just the right answers. Her elegant and graceful attitude has an indescribable charm in front of outsiders.

"Classmate...can you laugh..." the female teacher holding the camera sighed in her heart.

After she realized that her questions were in vain, she stopped asking Wang Ling for his opinion.

The female teacher knew who Wang Ling was. He was a super S-class student who was strictly protected during his first year at Zhan Zhan University... His relationship with the principal and several school directors was unusual.

Although I don’t know why I am in a bad mood today, I also know that there are some things that I cannot interfere with.

So I could only take a photo of Wang Ling's extremely serious face.

I was wondering in my mind whether I should put a smile on P's face or re-communicate and let Wang Ling take another picture. However, Wang Ling left impatiently.

With one hand in his pocket and the other hand holding the camera button of his phone, he took several photos in the direction of Sun Rong and sent them directly to True Lord Throwing Thunder.

By the way, I also attached an emoji expression...

It turned out to be a kitchen knife.

Zhenjun Zhu Lei was so frightened that he immediately replied: "Brother Ling, what's going on?"

Familiar way of greeting, this Lord Diurei looks normal...

Wang Ling looked at True Lord Throwing Thunder's reply and was thinking about his words.

He swore that he had never typed such a long string of words in the chat software: "Why do a group of freshmen gather here when we take pictures. Too little homework?"

This is something that Wang Ling briefly reviewed after repeated deletions and revisions.

In the unabbreviated version, there were all kinds of indescribable words... But after Wang Ling thought about it, he felt that it was too uncivilized and inconsistent with his usual style, so he did not send it out after all.

But even so, this long list of words already seemed very abnormal.

As a brother all the time, Lord Throwing Thunder stared at the photo for a moment and analyzed it, and immediately understood the meaning of Wang Lingfa's words.

Soon, in the Avenue Library, there were dozens of teachers coming from different directions with swords to maintain order.

Except for the students who were still on a collection mission, all the people who came here to join in the fun were driven away.

And not only that, this group of good-faith freshmen were later collectively given new assignments and research topics, and they were all counted as credits.

Everyone’s head is written with the word “miserable” in capital letters…

But no one knew that the initiator of all this was the jealous East Asian king of the old Wang family.

……

No one could understand Wang Ling's irritability. He didn't know why Sun Rong's attitude towards him had changed so drastically overnight.

Is it a prank?

But in his memory, she had never been such a person...

At noon, Wang Ling waited for a long time under Sun Rong's dormitory building.

He was wearing a hooded sweatshirt, a mask and glasses, covering himself tightly.

After Sun Rong walked out of the building, she followed her all the way to the door of the "Goodwill Chinese Restaurant" at the end of Student Street.

He remembered that they had gone here for a meal during their freshman year.

From then on, this restaurant became a place where the two of them would come to check in together from time to time.

Wang Ling stood in front of the restaurant and was stunned.

He followed Sun Rong in.

As a result, he saw a scene that shocked him deeply.

"I kept you waiting."

I saw that she took off her exquisite little satchel, placed it on the side of the seat, and sat down with a smile on her face.

Sitting opposite her was a strange young man that Wang Ling had never seen before...

Wang Ling sat at the table behind them and calmly ordered a cup of lemon tea.

"It's okay, Miss Sun Rong. It's my honor to meet you this time."

The young man smiled politely: "I know that Miss Sun Rong is willing to come here this time, and it is definitely not for a real blind date with me... she just wants to complete the task."

Blind date?

Wang Ling's thoughts paused briefly.

Then he heard the girl say: "Yes. After all, we elders are friends, and Grandpa Liu usually takes good care of me, so I still have to give him face."

"But if this continues, it's not an option, is it? Not everyone is willing to cooperate with me like this." The young man smiled.

At this time, Sun Rong sighed: "I know. But... I really feel that I will never like anyone again..."

(End of chapter)





Chapter 59 Because, this is love


2022-04-21 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 59 Because, this is love

This sigh made Wang Ling's heart tremble, and suddenly he felt that the whole world had darkened. He tightened his sweater, and for the first time, he felt an unstoppable chill in his body.

She was obviously still her, but she still retained some habits that only he knew, including the location chosen in this Chinese restaurant... Every time he came with her, she would choose to sit in the small room for two by the window.

It's just that things are slightly different now.

Wang Ling never thought that she, who liked to stick to him so much, would one day become the most familiar stranger.

His mood became worse and worse. Wang Ling drank this cup of lemon tea all afternoon. Until Sun Rong and the young man named Liu left, his handsome eyebrows were still frowning and his whole person really looked like a wooden person. He seemed motionless.

He thought for a long time about what had happened recently.

The girl's transformation was so sudden that he couldn't adapt to it.

Apparently just a few days ago during the trip to Qingchuan, she was holding him in her arms and doing something so intimate...

As a result, he accepted the blind date in the blink of an eye and told others that he would never be able to like anyone again.

To be honest, Wang Ling felt that arranging blind dates was not Mr. Sun's personal style.

The old man had spent so much time planning a meal to welcome his arrival. When he saw him, he was so excited that he burst into tears. He almost cried in front of a junior like him...

Wang Ling never felt that as a junior, he was as good as Mr. Sun imagined, but at least it was certain that he was still very good in Mr. Sun's impression.

Arranging a blind date for Sun Rong behind his back was definitely not possible with the way Mr. Sun acted...

So, there must be something wrong, right?

Something must have happened somewhere that he hadn't noticed yet.

He sat in that seat in the Chinese restaurant for a long time, thinking about various issues since noon. When he came back to his senses, the sky outside was completely dark.

The waiter at the Chinese restaurant knew Wang Ling and knew that he was a regular customer. Seeing that Wang Ling was not in a good mood, he did not bother him.

In fact, Wang Ling never thought that he would waste most of his time on her affairs...

After looking at the text messages on his phone, Wang Ling looked at her communication methods and the messages she had sent to him in the past.

In addition to the irritability that made him angry, he found that what he felt more was loneliness...

Suddenly he understood.

Maybe from the beginning...

She never really liked him.

All of this may be revenge for his neglect of her over the years...

She clung to him, making him think that his world would never be dark again.

The result left in the blink of an eye.

He became a lonely person again...

In his wild thoughts, he felt his nose was a little sore.

This was also the first time he felt "sad" after putting on the Eternal Talisman. Before his mood calmed down, his phone suddenly vibrated. He glanced at the screen and saw a WeChat notification.

It was Zhou Ziyi who sent him a message.

After clicking in, Zhou Ziyi told him that he had something important to tell him in person, so he made an appointment with Wang Ling in the dormitory.

It was at this time that Wang Ling suddenly thought that he still had this disciple who was extremely experienced in love, so he calmed down and teleported back to the dormitory immediately.

He was not in a good mood, but when he saw Zhou Ziyi, he also had a serious expression on his face, and he suddenly had a bad feeling.

"Master, there's something I don't know how to tell you..."

It could be seen that he was a little at a loss, and the hand holding the phone was trembling. It seemed that he had been thinking for a long time before he made up his mind to show the phone.

It was a video material, and the protagonist in the video was actually the young man named Liu who sat opposite Sun Rong and drank tea with her in the afternoon.

Wang Ling didn't know this person at first, but after the two left in the afternoon, he also asked True Lord Diurei to get information about this person.

I found out that this man's name was Liu Yingjian, a well-known conglomerate in Dongshi. His family ran a new energy development business. And it has almost formed a monopoly in the market. In the wealth ranking list of the cultivation world, the old man of the Liu family and the old man of the Sun family often run against each other in the rankings, and their financial level is almost indistinguishable.

To be honest, it is not surprising that such a person could have the opportunity to meet Sun Rong, and even be arranged on a blind date...

But Wang Ling felt an indescribable displeasure in his heart.

And until now after seeing Zhou Ziyi's video, he even felt extremely disgusted with Liu Yingjian.

This is a video of Liu Yingjian visiting a nightclub. It seems that someone secretly filmed it.

In the video, Liu Yingjian hugged two girls in fancy clothes, patting his legs drunkenly, and recounted the experience he had when he met Sun Rong in the afternoon.

"It's useless if you don't like me. As far as I know, my old man has already discussed it with the Sun family member. Our two families must be getting married."

"Even if Sun Rong doesn't like me, as long as the marriage is confirmed, she will be my legal wife. When the time comes, what else can she do?"

……

There were several more outrageous words later, but when Wang Ling only heard these two sentences, he already frowned and felt a strong sense of discomfort in his body.

It's almost a psychological discomfort.

Zhou Ziyi was puzzled when he saw this video: "Logically speaking, Master should not agree to such a thing. Moreover, Mr. Sun has always had a very good impression of Master... How could it be for the sake of marriage?" This kind of thing makes Master have to compromise. And I always feel that something is wrong with Master today, but I can't explain why. "

These words made Wang Ling's tight lips loosen slightly.

It turned out that he was not the only one who felt this way.

He poured a cup of tea for Zhou Ziyi and motioned for Zhou Ziyi to continue talking.

"Master's wife has been in love with you for so long, how could she suddenly change her mind and agree to a marriage... So is it possible that this is Master's test? Master, I ask you seriously, and you must answer honestly. "Me." When Zhou Ziyi said this speculation, he actually felt that he was a little fanciful.

Suddenly he seemed to have thought of something: "Master, I am asking you seriously, and you must answer me honestly."

He stared at Wang Ling, pressed his shoulder, and said with an increasingly serious look: "In all these years, have you ever responded to Master's wife's confession? Even if it's just once, or something like that..."

After a long silence, he shook his head in front of Zhou Ziyi.

Because he really didn't respond at all.

At that moment, many images of her confessing her love to him flashed through his mind.

So many confessions.

And he actually went so far that he didn't even leave a sound for her...

"Hey..." At this time, Zhou Ziyi sighed: "I know why my wife chose to get married. Most likely, she feels tired."

Wang Ling opened his mouth, but in the end he said nothing.

Zhou Ziyi felt that this was a good opportunity to strike while the iron was hot. He didn't know where he got the courage to forcefully straighten Wang Ling's face, preventing his wandering eyes from escaping like before.

Zhou Ziyi: "Master, let me ask you. How do you feel when you see your master's wife being forced to marry another man? Is it uncomfortable?"

These words were so true that Wang Ling's body trembled heavily.

"It's okay to feel uncomfortable, Master, even if you don't want to admit it! This is all true! Allow her to make an exception and do things to you that no one else can do to you! You will unconsciously want to see her, and when you see her You will also feel uncomfortable when you are with other men... So, stop escaping, Master! Go take the initiative and educate that man surnamed Liu!"

Zhou Ziyi raised his voice: "Because, this is what I like!"

(End of chapter)





Chapter 60 Him and her, the best time


2022-04-21 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 60 Him and her, the best time

"Because, this is what I like!"

Zhou Ziyi's deafening words kept ringing in Wang Ling's ears.

The powerful words seemed to condense into sharp arrows at this moment and pierced Wang Ling's chest, causing his body to tremble heavily.

After all, Zhou Ziyi mercilessly exposed what was suppressed in the deepest part of his heart.

Even if he denied it in his heart, at this moment, Wang Ling could not deny his feelings for Sun Rong.

It turns out...is this what I like...

When he sees her with other people, he will feel jealous even if there is no excessive intimacy.

Wang Ling discovered that he was actually much more timid than he thought.

Because he simply couldn't imagine her being intimate with other men...

I don't know since when, she has quietly walked into the deepest part of his heart and occupied that position.

It was also the only shining light in that position.

Even if Wang Ling was no longer willing to admit it, this gleaming light was now silently filling his world with brighter light.

The more he thought about it, the more Wang Ling's chest rose and fell. He held his chest and felt the inexplicable pain in his heart coming back. It always happened like this whenever he thought about Sun Rong...

But this time he did not choose to give up thinking, but chose to endure.

Because he found that compared to losing her, it seemed that such labor pain was nothing.

"Master, you look very bad, are you okay?" Zhou Ziyi saw that something was wrong with Wang Ling's condition and quickly reached out to help him.

Wang Ling stared at Zhou Ziyi's outstretched hand for a moment, then gritted his teeth and stood up with his own strength: "I'm fine..."

He gently pushed Zhou Ziyi's hand away, then patted his shoulder, grabbed the coat on the back of the chair, put it on his body, and walked straight out of the dormitory.

Zhou Ziyi didn't ask a single word, not even where Wang Ling was going.

The moment Wang Ling pushed his hand away just now, Zhou Ziyi felt very happy.

He knew that the words he conveyed today were completely in place.

Emotional matters are, after all, a one-way street between two people.

All the helpers on the side are fake.

After all, you still have to face it yourself.

Then, stand up bravely...

In the past, the long nights were sometimes a kind of enjoyment for Wang Ling. When the night was deep, everything was silent and there was no loud noise in his ears.

At least for Wang Ling, he never thought that this quiet night could become a kind of torture.

When Wang Ling returned home, it was quiet, and his whole body exuded a low pressure of feeling lost.

It frightened Father and Mother Wang in the living room.

Although they had long been accustomed to Wang Ling's previous facial paralysis, the couple still knew about their son.

Facial paralysis belongs to facial paralysis, but he will never show his emotions easily, especially his sadness and negative energy.

And this is the legendary "paralysis but not cold"...

But the current situation makes the couple completely confused.

"What's wrong with your brother?"

Father Wang put down the newspaper and looked at Wang Ling's lonely figure going upstairs alone. He couldn't help but become worried: "No, I have to go see him. Something is wrong."

Wang Nuan grabbed Dad Wang and said, "It's okay, Dad."

"You girl, do you know something?" Father Wang glanced at Wang Nuan who was calm and composed suspiciously.

Wang Nuan stuck out his tongue mischievously: "Who hasn't been sad yet? My brother's adjustment ability has always been very strong, so don't worry about him. Just sit back and wait. Maybe I will become your aunt when you look back. ”

"You little girl, what the hell are you doing again..." Mother Wang flicked Wang Nuan's head, she smiled angrily, and then reached out to pull Father Wang back to his seat.

There is no better daughter than a mother. Wang Ma felt that Nuan Yatou must know something.

At this time, she also felt that it would be better not to disturb Wang Ling as much as possible.

……

Neither the couple realized that he had deliberately returned home just to look for a few things.

As if he was afraid that these things would suddenly disappear, he planned to keep them with him at all times for the next action.

Wang Ling first took out the custom-made teacup stored in the inner space of his desk.

This "shoulder cup" was a specially customized gift for the two of them after Zhou Ziyi secretly took photos of him and her in the Winter Camp of War Gate. One cup for each of them, and she also had an identical cup.

In the photo, he still didn't look like he was smiling, but she was smiling brightly.

Just like in all his memories of being with him.

Time was frozen in this scene, and Wang Ling could feel the joy and happiness from the bottom of her heart.

Obviously he didn't do anything.

Obviously he just let her lean on the edge like a piece of wood...

She was as happy as a child.

The throbbing pain in Wang Ling's heart suddenly arose again involuntarily.

Because while watching these past things, he couldn't help but think of her, and at the same time he was reflecting on himself.

It turns out that happiness can be so close.

It can also be that far away...

Putting the cup into Wang Tong's space, Wang Ling took out the Qingchuan clam from the drawer that was given to him by a little girl from the Qingchuan East Lake during their trip to Qingchuan.

Legend has it that Qingchuan Bei has the magical power to make people who like each other hear their voices.

He, who had never hoped for metaphysics, actually expected Qingchuan Bei to play his role at this time.

At least, let her give him one more chance.

At least……

Let him say what he wants to say.

The remaining scattered items are all greeting cards she gave him when she was in high school.

She imitated his thin gold handwriting on it.

She never missed any holiday.

Use different ways to write him blessings from the bottom of your heart.

It was only then that Wang Ling suddenly discovered it.

It turned out that she had been slowly approaching his heart since that time...

Because in the countless greeting cards he received.

There was only her greeting card, which he didn't bother to clean up, so he kept it in his drawer.

These things...

Perhaps it is not so precious in the eyes of outsiders. Compared with the supreme magic weapons in Wang Zhibao's pants that can shock the world every time they are taken out, this teacup and shells may be just tattered common objects in the eyes of the world.

But at this moment, in Wang Ling's eyes, these things were indeed priceless.

Because it's sealed inside.

It's the best time between him and her...

(End of chapter)





Chapter 61 This time, he takes the initiative (Part 1)


2022-04-22 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 61 This time, he takes the initiative (Part 1)

In my impression, he almost never took the initiative to call her, and the rarest time he only sent a few text messages.

And the purpose of most of these text messages is the same. They are not for anything else, just to borrow a study note so that he can better score in the exam.

He didn't know that even those messages that were so concise and concise that you could tell the whole story at a glance were still included in her mobile phone mailbox.

Moreover, every one of them was enough to make her happy for a long time, and now she is not willing to delete even one.

How she wished that one day he could say more...

However, in fact, Wang Ling has always been clumsy in this regard. He didn't know what to ask. He just noticed that the girl's attitude towards him changed surprisingly quickly. He once suspected that this was a fake person... But when he was at close range, After observing her, she didn't think it was fake. She kept some unknown habits that Wang Ling could see at a glance.

If this was a fake body, it would be too realistic.

But now Wang Ling has no other thoughts to think about this.

Because after hearing what Liu Yingjian said and being inspired by Zhou Ziyi's words, his mind was already filled with her, and he could no longer hold anything else.

He never believed that a person's attitude could change so quickly...

Even if it's all fake.

The best moments he had spent with her must still be there.

After sending several messages in succession, there was no response. Wang Ling stopped hesitating and began to call with some anxiety. After ringing several times, there was still no answer.

He didn't believe in evil and made several phone calls again.

Then the phone was finally picked up.

But the person who answered the phone was not Sun Rong, but the voice of a strange man.

You can hear the sound there is very noisy, like it's in a bar or something.

However, Wang Ling could still clearly hear the man's conversation in the noisy environment.

"Brother Yingjian is in this room, right?"

"3026, this is the right place. Get Miss Sun in quickly. She is also good at drinking. She killed more than a hundred of our brothers by herself... What a terrible woman."

"Damn it, why did this phone call get connected..."

"It must have been touched by accident! Press it quickly!"

At this point, the call was interrupted.

On the other side of the phone, Wang Ling listened to the conversation between the two people. The expression on his face quickly turned cold and cold at a speed that was visible to the naked eye. There was a chill that seemed to seep out from every pore of his face.

She... was actually drunk?

He found it incredible.

With Ohai's sword energy protecting her body, she can purify the alcohol in her body at any time, so she won't get to this point at all.

If there is the only explanation, it is that she hopes she is drunk...

As a sword spirit, you cannot disobey the sword master's will.

His mood became even worse, especially after hearing the name Liu Yingjian on the phone again, the hand holding the phone was shaking.

Using simple tracking techniques, he immediately located her location: a luxury hotel called Golden Paradise. Then I directly followed the room number 3026 on the phone just now.

Wang Ling arrived just in time. Not long after she was brought here, she was neatly dressed and lying quietly on the bed, her face glowing slightly red from being drunk.

Just like her sleeping face during the Zhanmen Winter Camp and the trip to Qingchuan, she was as quiet as a piece of white jade.

He reached out and touched it, feeling his fingers trembling, and gently pushed the hair from her forehead behind her ear.

All this seems to have changed, but yet it seems to have remained unchanged.

Wang Ling never expected that when he met her again after so many days, it would be in such a way.

The tingling feeling in his heart made him suddenly feel uncomfortable. It was obvious that the person was already in front of him, but the feeling of being far away still existed.

He wanted to hug her, but the more he thought about it, the stronger the pain in his heart became.

here we go again……

Here it is again...

This intense labor pain eventually made Wang Ling feel extremely irritable, especially when the irritation was amplified by the harsh sound of the shower in the bathroom of this luxurious suite.

That Liu Yingjian is inside.

The words he heard in the video from Zhou Ziyi a few hours ago were still clear in his ears.

Considering the current situation, Wang Ling simply couldn't imagine what other outrageous things Liu Yingjian would have done to her if he had been a little later...

With a burst of anger, he walked straight over, but did not directly disturb Liu Yingjian who was taking a shower inside. He just cast an unsolvable spell on the doorknob.

Liu Yingjian, who was in the shower, felt that the heating effect of the water heater in this luxury suite was not very good, but in fact he did not notice anything unusual.

He didn't know that while he was happily taking a shower, a man had already entered his suite and disrupted his plan of cooking rice.

He didn't know that while he was happily taking a shower, the man placed an unbreakable spell on his handle.

He didn't even know that as soon as he opened the door later, he would no longer be a man in the future, and all kinds of unlucky things would happen to him one after another, until the Liu family would be comparable to the Huaguo Water Curtain Group. The big conglomerates were left penniless and heavily in debt...

in all the days to come.

Because of this mantra, he will bear all the pain in the world and will not die easily.

Sometimes than letting someone die.

Live and suffer.

That is the greatest torture.

……

After doing all this, Wang Ling just felt that his emotions had calmed down a little.

He looked at the girl on the bed, adjusted her posture, and moved her onto his back bit by bit with an unimaginable gentleness. Then, his figure flashed and quickly disappeared into the hotel suite.

At the parent-teacher meeting just over a month ago, she carried him all the way back home because he accidentally drank an alcoholic beverage.

Now, the polarity has reversed.

Finally it was his turn to carry her back.

She lay on his back and shoulders, her gentle body exuding that familiar smell.

In a daze, he seemed to see the scene where she stood in the dazzling sunshine under the blue sky and white clouds and confessed her love to him loudly: "Wang Ling, I like you."

He used to be indifferent to these words, unaware that she had already rushed into his world like a light a long, long time ago...

Just like the warmth now on his shoulders and back, melting him little by little.

So, at this moment.

There was a sound like breaking glass in his heart...

At such a moment.

He no longer felt pain in his heart...

Just at this moment.

He was completely relieved.

Once, she carried him on her back.

She said he was her whole world.

Now, he was carrying her.

She is him, the light in life...

(End of chapter)





Chapter 62 This time, he takes the initiative (Part 2)


2022-04-23 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 62 This time, he takes the initiative (Part 2)

He carried her all the way, his back pressed against hers, and his hot breath was unexpectedly hot. Normally, he would have teleported directly to her door.

But this time, he just wanted to carry it for a while longer.

For the first time, Wang Ling felt that he was a little shameless, that he would do such a thing to a drunk person.

When he arrived at the door of Sun Rong's villa, he suddenly saw a figure he had not seen for a long time.

Wang Ling didn't expect to bump into Sun Ying'er at the door of his home. She was supposed to live with Wang Ying, so why did she have to... tonight?

After Sun Ying'er saw him, she stepped forward without saying a word, pulled the girl off his back, and put her on her. She didn't know why, but she looked a little angry.

Wang Ling always felt that something was wrong, but he couldn't pinpoint what was wrong.

Since Sun Yinger regained consciousness, the master and servant have been getting along day and night, as if they were one person.

Sometimes when two people overlap, it really feels like there is no distinction between you and me.

Wang Ling watched eagerly as Sun Ying'er carried Sun Rong away, feeling an indescribable sense of loss in his heart. He had so many things to say to the girl, but at this moment, the girl was drunk, and Sun Ying'er was here... ... Helpless, he could only swallow the words in his stomach with great bitterness.

"If you have anything to say, let's talk about it tomorrow. Rong...Rongrong, she's tired." At this time, "Sun Ying'er" said.

After saying that, she turned her back.

The back looks lonely and depressed.

At this moment, Wang Ling suddenly noticed something. He looked at Sun Ying'er's back and said, "Tomorrow, I will come again."

This was the first time he told her that he would come back on his own initiative.

And when he spoke, his tone no longer had the usual indifference. It was a trembling voice, as if tinged with a layer of melancholy.

She didn't respond, just carried "Rong Sun" on her back. After hearing these words, she suddenly froze.

She knew that he must have seen through something...

She took a deep breath, but her steps were like nails stuck in place, and mist had already risen in her eyes.

She hated herself for not living up to expectations.

Unexpectedly, at this critical moment, the flaw was exposed because of this moment of hesitation.

But neither of them was honest with each other.

As if he was deliberately trying to take care of her emotions, he knew what happened but didn't say a word about it.

After being immersed for about ten seconds, the young man standing at the door spoke again and said to her back: "I won't run away again..."

This was not a resounding sentence. The voice was trembling to the point of being shaky, but there was another kind of indescribable tenderness.

Wang Ling felt that he had never spoken these words proactively like this in his life. His heart was trembling, but he no longer felt the pain because he was completely relieved at this time.

But when he saw the girl's retreating back, he almost blurted out his inner thoughts, like a drowning man desperately trying to catch something.

He felt that if he didn't take the initiative to catch her, she might just get further and further away from him.

To this day, this light that illuminates his entire world has completely filled his heart, completely illuminating the deepest darkness in his heart.

Then, he stood at the door and said the third sentence: "You know, Rongrong, does she still like me?"

Under the dim yellow light in the courtyard, the sound echoing in the silence made her heart almost stop temporarily when she heard this question.

"I'm sorry, I'm too slow."

"I should have realized it earlier."

"If she wakes up, please tell her..."

"Please let her continue to like me, okay."

In the quiet night, his pleasant voice kept reaching her ears. He was not good at words and never knew how to organize the words in his heart, but at this moment he poured out what he wanted to say.

"Because I like her too."

They are not very sensational words, but these words are far better than honey, soaking into her heart bit by bit.

Let her tears roll down from the corners of her eyes in an instant

Of course she still likes him.

Otherwise, he wouldn't be stuck in place like a nail just because of his words, just to hear more of his voice.

Of course she still likes it.

Otherwise, he would never have such a big deal with Nuan Yatou, just to get closer to him.

Of course she still likes him.

I love it so much that just hearing this sentence, tears can't help but roll down, like a river that has burst its embankment and continues to flow outward.

Of course she still likes her...

So many years of patience and sacrifice seemed to be just for this moment.

Sun Rong could clearly feel that the last line of defense in her heart was on the verge of collapse and was gradually collapsing. Just a little bit away, she had the urge to put down Sun Ying'er behind her and take the initiative to knock the young man down.

"It's very late today, go to bed early."

After a pause, Wang Ling stared at the figure in front of him who stayed in place for a long time, listening to his words quietly but not moving another half step. He stared deeply and said, "Tomorrow, I will come again. I will, Tell her personally."

Sun Rong knew that he had clearly seen it, but she quietly left the scene after saying these words. This was taking into account her face, and also fulfilling the good intentions of everyone involved in the matter.

There were still tears in the corners of her eyes, and it wasn't until the boy's footsteps gradually faded away in her ears that she put down the drunk Sun Ying'er on her back and sent Ohai back to her room.

The winter night is a little cold.

She stood there and looked at the door for a long time.

That was the direction from which Wang Ling spoke to him before.

He tightened his clothes and was about to turn around and return to the house.

Suddenly, she felt an extremely familiar breath coming from behind her, and he hugged her from behind.

At that moment, her tears that had just dispersed couldn't help but burst out again.

He thought he could bear it and not look back.

But in the end, he couldn't help but turned around and gave her a hug.

After confirming his feelings, he felt more and more guilty when he thought about how she had endured the same mood as him all these years.

She had confessed to him so many times...

But this time, it was up to him to take the initiative.

Slowly make up for all the unfinished responses over the years.

"See you tomorrow."

He tightened his arms around her and sniffed her lustfully.

Leaving all the tenderness behind, he slowly let go of his arms.

……

In fact.

The moment Wang Ling walked to the door of his house and saw "Sun Ying'er", he already realized what was going on.

Thank you……

Taught me love.

Thank you……

The light in my life.

(End of chapter)





Chapter 63 The third day of his absence (Part 1)


2022-04-24 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 63 The third day of his absence (Part 1)

Before the big plan was implemented, Sun Rong was still a little nervous.

She didn't know if he would be able to react, if the mental prison could really be broken through as he wished.

And if he sees this plan, will he be angry because of it...

Everything is unknown to Sun Rong.

To be honest, in the past, she would not have dared to take such a risk.

She liked him so much.

I have liked him for ten years...

If the big plan fails, it means that her world will completely collapse.

She spent a long time doing psychological construction, and finally decided to work with Wang Nuan to implement this big plan that seemed to have a lot of risks...

Almost overnight, the world was divided into two lines.

The wood she liked went to the other side.

What made Sun Rong feel extremely gratified was that before the world was divided into two lines, this piece of wood finally took the initiative to send her text messages.

Although, the content of the text message is not very much.

But this gave her a lot of confidence in the smooth implementation of the big plan.

She repeatedly read the few scattered words in the text message, but she felt warmer than any romantic sweet words in the world.

Sometimes, it is not the most gorgeous words that can make people feel warm. Even a simple greeting can achieve the same effect.

Who made her like her so much...

Almost no one could imagine how excited she was when she received Wang Ling's unsolicited text message.

But this time, for the execution of the big plan.

She still resisted the thought of sending a text message back.

……

That day was another graduation season information collection day for Zhan University.

There was a long queue in front of the Avenue Library. She wore a mask, sunglasses, a peaked cap, and clothes that were not that eye-catching. She dressed herself up to make herself as inconspicuous as possible in the crowd.

If you like someone for a long time, your habits will change.

She used to like to stand out and like the feeling of standing in the spotlight and being watched.

Now I am used to being a low-key person.

Moreover, she woke up early, habitually thinking that she could see him earlier.

As a result, after waiting for a long time and seeing that he didn't show up, I suddenly realized that the big plan had been implemented for two days...

Today is the second day that he disappeared from her world.

Although he didn't want to express his emotions directly, the feeling of loss still spread in his heart involuntarily.

To be honest, at this time, Sun Rong felt that she already regretted it a little.

It’s just that we haven’t seen each other for two days.

She felt like her heart was being pulled and painful, and she couldn't imagine what would happen if she couldn't see Wang Ling again...

Her breathing began to become heavy, and her stomach began to throb as she thought about it. She squatted on the ground holding her stomach and was stunned for a while, before she recovered and stood up again.

While she was thinking wildly, a voice suddenly flew into her ears: "Excuse me... are you, Senior Sister Sun Rong?"

Sun Rong didn't expect that even though she was dressed like this, she would still be recognized.

And this person seems to be a new elementary school student.

She opened her mouth and was about to respond, but the junior student suddenly screamed: "Ah! Everyone, come quickly! I found Senior Sister Sun Rong! It's right here! It's right here!"

With this shout, everyone's eyes converged on her.

What followed immediately was a large number of new students who had squatted aside early.

Sun Rong originally thought that these freshmen were also here to go through the admission procedures, but she never expected that the purpose of this group of people waiting here so early in the morning was actually just to wait for her.

Surrounded by more and more people, she began to feel a little overwhelmed.

In school, as the student council president, she has always been a good-tempered person and has left a good reputation among new and old students.

However, behind this good temper, it was still for him after all.

Because he has the status of student council president, he can still implement a lot of conveniences and help him protect him as much as possible in the school.

But over time, another problem arose.

That's because if you have a good temper, you are easily offended by some people.

On the surface, everyone seemed to respect her, but in fact, it was hard to tell behind the scenes.

During college, there was also someone who took a photo with her and pretended to be her boyfriend.

This kind of thing happened no less than seven or eight times during the war.

And in those seven or eight incidents, the fate of those who cheated seemed not to be very good...

She is not that serious about revenge.

I'm just a little unsure whether the various unfortunate things that happened to those people later were his doing.

She didn't ask.

But this is indeed in line with the old Wang family's usual style of being jealous of East Asia.

So on this day, Sun Rong's graduation information collection work was not completed smoothly. She almost ran away, not wanting to waste any time in front of this group of fanatical juniors.

Because her good temper was reserved for that piece of wood.

Moreover, it only belongs to that wood...

……

After returning home, the obvious low pressure caused by the low mood also spread in the entire air. Almost everyone in the Sun family could tell that something was wrong with their young lady's recent state.

The third day he disappeared.

She woke up from a nightmare. In the dream, she and he were sitting on a small boat. Then when the boat slid to the middle of the lake, it suddenly cracked and separated. No matter how she stretched out her hand, she caught everything. See his figure...

So as she dreamed, a touch of moisture overflowed from the corners of her eyes.

And this matter quickly alarmed Mr. Sun.

Something is wrong with his granddaughter, and as a grandfather, he is particularly concerned about it.

However, Monk Zhang Er couldn't figure out the reason why Sun Rong was not in a good mood.

Although I have never thought about the possibility of quarreling with Wang Ling...

But the two children just came back from Qingchuan a while ago, and while we were having fun with each other, why did they suddenly become unhappy?

I was driving to Sun Rong's house.

At this time, Butler Lin in the passenger seat suddenly thought of something and showed a look of realization: "Could it be..."

"What is it? What did you think of?" Mr. Sun was a little anxious.

"I was wondering if it might be related to the Liu family from the winter market..."

"Dongshi Liu's family? The one who develops new energy sources for cultivation?"

"yes……"

Butler Lin nodded and said, "A while ago, Liu Yingjian, the eldest son of the Liu family, publicly stated in the media that only a girl like Miss Rong is worthy of him."

After Butler Lin said this, Mr. Sun immediately shook his beard.

What neither the driver nor Butler Lin expected was that the head shopkeeper of the Huaguo Water Curtain Group, a wealthy man with a global reputation who always regarded himself as an old gentleman, was so angry that he cursed directly in the car.

Mr. Sun: "What a bloody fart! You want to compete with classmate Wang Ling on this thing? Who the heck is he!? Go! Old Lin! Get this kid here! I want to see him!" "

"this……"

Butler Lin: "That's all I said... I don't know if the lady's mood became bad because of him."

"I don't care that much?"

Mr. Sun tapped his cane and hummed: "Whether Rongrong is in a bad mood because of her or not, he is still trying to get his hands on Rongrong. A warning must be given! Now, I only recognize Wang Ling! He is my Sun My future real grandson-in-law!”

(End of chapter)





Chapter 64 The third day of his absence (Part 2)


2022-04-25 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 64 The third day of his absence (Part 2)

"You crazy people... do you know who you are arresting! Do you know what you are doing!"

Liu Yingjian was brought directly to Mr. Sun with a Qiankun jade bag and celestial ropes tied all over his body in a shameful posture of being bound by turtle shells.

He was eating hot pot and singing songs with his friends, and everything was fine. Suddenly, he was kidnapped by a group of gangsters... oh no, a group of lunatics with unknown origins.

Come! beat! Come! A sneak attack, he, the eldest son of the Liu Group.

This group of people obviously came prepared.

Not to mention the clean and neat attack, the most outrageous thing is that all the friends around him are as quiet as chickens, and none of them even help to call the police!

The person who came to arrest him must have had a good background, and he said something to his friends, or threatened them, so that they did not dare to call the police.

It's a pity that he was wearing a special "Jade Bag of Universe", and his eyes were completely dark, and he couldn't even release the slightest bit of spiritual consciousness.

Liu Yingjian really couldn't figure out who he had offended.

He felt like he was taken to a car and thrown directly into the trunk. He tried to resist along the way, but these people were not moved by money at all.

This made Liu Yingjian immediately feel troubled.

A group of people kidnapped him, the eldest son of the Liu family, not for money. What on earth did they want to do?

Will he be voted out?

All kinds of terrible consequences were constantly swirling in Liu Yingjian's mind.

When he came to his senses, he had been brought to Sun Yiyuan.

No matter who the group of people who kidnapped him were, Liu Yingjian already had a feeling of looking forward to death. Even if he died in the end, he would still want to enjoy his life.

So as soon as he entered the door, before he saw who was kidnapping him, he started to curse.

"Master, this kid is so ignorant of praise. How about..." Butler Lin took a step forward and made a gesture.

Sun Yiyuan hummed and smiled, then stepped forward and untied the other party's hood.

When Liu Yingjian saw that the person who kidnapped him turned out to be Sun Yiyuan, the old man of the Huaguo Water Curtain Group, he immediately shrank his neck: "Grandpa Sun...you...you kidnapped me?"

"I'm sorry, Xiao Liu, it's all a misunderstanding. I asked them to bring you in front of me, but I didn't expect this. They may have misunderstood what I meant." Sun Yiyuan showed an apologetic expression while being sincere. Apologizing, he returned to his position and did not reach out to untie Liu Yingjian's immortal rope.

After returning to his position, he quickly waved his hand, looked at the seven or eight big men and Butler Lin around him and said, "You guys, why don't you apologize to Xiao Liu quickly?"

"Yes! Master!"

Butler Lin took a step forward and led his subordinates behind him to face Liu Yingjian, who was tied tightly on the ground, and bowed deeply: "I'm sorry, Mr. Liu! We misunderstood the master's meaning!"

As soon as he finished speaking, Sun Yiyuan waved his hand again and shouted everyone back: "Don't back down yet!"

All the actions were so smooth that Liu Yingjian couldn't even say a word.

This operation of tying someone up and apologizing made him look confused.

The key is that if you apologize, you should untie the rope that binds him!

The rope was not untied, so his hood was taken off, and being tied to the ground in this position by so many people... This feeling of shame made Liu Yingjian almost immediately want to find a hole in the ground to burrow down.

But he's not stupid either.

It soon became clear that Mr. Sun had done this intentionally.

It’s just that I still can’t figure out where I offended this old man.

Use this method to bring him before your eyes.

Although on the way, he had thought of ten thousand ways to cut his kidnapper into pieces, but facing Sun Yiyuan, he, the eldest son of the Liu family, had no idea at all.

After a moment of silence, when Liu Yingjian had been lying on the ground in this shameful position for five or six minutes, and his head was covered with sweat, Sun Yiyuan finally drank tea and asked slowly: "I heard that you are worried about my family. Rongrong, you have a good impression?"

"No...no! Not at all!" Liu Yingjian reacted quickly.

These words immediately woke him up.

It reminded him of his public confession in the media a few days ago.

Liu Yingjian immediately felt aggrieved: "Grandpa Sun, you also know that Rongrong and I actually know each other. We always meet at corporate gatherings in the cultivation world every year. In fact, this time the public confession in the media is not... My original intention was just to make a bet with my friend and ask if I dare to confess to Rongrong publicly. And I already sent a message to Rongrong to apologize... You can go and ask for confirmation."

"Oh? Is that just that?" Sun Yiyuan laughed angrily: "I'm sorry you don't have the guts to like Rongrong. Besides, I made an agreement with your grandfather a long time ago. I already have a grandson-in-law who I like. "

"Is it that classmate named Wang Ling? I know him! Rongrong has always mentioned him to me... He must be a very good person! Where can I be, junior, who can make Grandpa Sun take a fancy to you? Comparable!" Liu Yingjian said with great desire for survival.

To be honest, I originally tied Liu Yingjian here to teach him a lesson.

I just didn't expect that Liu Yingjian's little mouth would taste as sweet as honey, and the most important thing was that his desire for survival really made Sun Yiyuan very funny.

In just a few words, most of the anger in his heart was gone.

So he took the initiative to reach out, recited the magic spell to loosen the binding, untied the immortal rope from Liu Yingjian's body, and said with a smile: "Then, you should get up first. Today, stay in my village for one night and have a light meal together. , tell me what Rongrong told you about Wang Ling."

"Okay! This junior must tell you everything you know!" Liu Yingjian breathed a sigh of relief and said knowingly, clasping his fists.

"Your grandpa should be worried if he can't find you. Call him back right away. Do you know what to say?" At this time, Sun Yiyuan said again.

"Clear...clear..."

Just listening, Liu Yingjian said in a dumbfounded voice: "I told my grandfather that I came here voluntarily. Grandpa Sun, you treated me so warmly that you stayed here for one night and went back the next day. Of course, the most important thing is to tell me My grandpa, just say that you have found a suitable grandson-in-law.”

"Very good." Sun Yiyuan nodded with satisfaction.

He suddenly discovered that Liu Yingjian didn't seem to be the playboy he was in the legend. At least he was very clear-minded.

……

In this way, Liu Yingjian was forced to stay in Shuiliandong Villa.

Everything that needed to be explained was clearly explained, and Liu Yingjian was naturally relieved.

At the dinner in the evening, he and Sun Yiyuan also had a good chat. The only thing he was a little unhappy about was the room that Master Wu arranged for him. The sign hanging in front of the door was called "Peerless Room".

He carefully studied the meaning of the name, and always felt that it had a sense of unluckiness.

He originally thought about moving to another house, but Liu Yingjian didn't think much of it since he was only staying for a day and then leaving.

Moreover, Master Wu told him that the meaning of "peerless" actually means peerless elegance.

He believed this evil.

So I didn’t pay much attention to it.

I never thought that in the other world, my shadow would be so miserable...

The night Liu Yingjian was forced to stay in the villa was also the third night he disappeared.

She missed him.

I really want to... I really want to...

She even wanted to let Nuan Yatou tear the world apart, regardless of the problem of disrupting order, just to be able to take a look at him.

At this time, Sun Rong was leaning on the edge of the window, her eyes as if they were stuck on slides, and his figure was full of them under the bright moonlight.

She felt ridiculous. She had been patient for so many years. She thought she would become very patient, but in the end she just couldn't see him for three days, and her heart was already in a mess.

And she started to think wildly, fearing that she would never see him again.

She thought she was trying to trick Wang Ling, but in fact she was the one who got stuck the most.

From the very beginning, he carried a magical power that held her tightly in the deepest quagmire, making it impossible for her to escape.

The endless waiting, an unknown length of time, made her a little confused about the future. She didn't know how long she would have to wait.

I don’t know how long it will take for the world in her heart to return to her.

"Wang Ling...I miss you...very much...very much..."

So she began to clench her fists and make a prayer gesture.

Then in the next second, a familiar scent suddenly appeared on the path in front of her house...

This moment.

She covered her mouth almost in disbelief, and tears fell from the corners of her eyes uncontrollably, dripping to the ground.

In just three days.

To her, it seemed like three long centuries had passed...

In these drops of tears.

It's touching.

Also, grateful...

because.

Her world is back...

(End of chapter)





Chapter 65 Unknowingly became each other’s salvation


2022-04-26 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 65 Unknowingly became each other’s salvation

The longest three days were also the most painful 72 hours.

The return of her world always made people feel unreal. She raised her hand and wiped her tears randomly, but a smile appeared on her face unconsciously.

Not just because I was happy to see him again.

More importantly, it was because of the great significance that Wang Ling brought after successfully breaking the prison in his heart. She liked him far more than anything else.

In the past, when Wang Ming replaced Wang Ling with the Talisman of Eternity, he said that he had returned to a normal life. He no longer had to worry about accidentally overflowing his abilities, and he no longer had to be in fear all day and night. Harm those around you.

The Talisman of Eternity did bring Wang Ling a normal life, but it did not bring him real happiness.

Although he has been able to perceive many different "emotions" after replacing the Eternal Talisman, the long-term mental blockage still gave birth to a "heart prison", which is the product of accumulation over time.

Now, the shackles of her heart were finally broken. When Wang Ling appeared in front of her vividly again, she was so happy that her mind also fell into a large blank.

Sun Rong's face, which she had finally wiped dry, became wet again without realizing it. She even couldn't believe whether this was reality or a dream.

She felt a little ridiculous.

She had obviously liked this person for so many years and had endured it for so many years. But when this boy really opened all his shackles and could truly face happiness, she began to feel a little scared again.

Sun Rong likes everything about him and hopes that he can be happy the most, but now she is worried about whether the happiness that is most suitable for him is her own.

She didn't know what happened in the shadow world.

But then he saw Wang Ling walking in his direction carrying the drunken Sun Ying'er.

Some questions still arise in my mind involuntarily.

Whether he is the most suitable for his happiness.

The prison of the heart is broken.

What if the person Wang Ling has always liked...isn't her?

"Sword Master, go quickly." At this time, Ohai was on the side and urged gently, immediately blocking Sun Rong's random thoughts.

She knew that her master had been waiting for this moment for a long time.

And tonight is the key to deciding the outcome.

Sun Rong thought for a moment and said, "Okay..."

Now, it's the last step.

But there is nothing more uneasy than at this moment.

The lights in the front yard were brightly lit, and along the cobblestone road, all the way from the backyard yard to the lead door curtain, she disguised herself as Sun Ying'er and appeared in front of Wang Ling.

When the two met, they were obviously stunned for a moment.

Then without saying a word, she took a step forward and pulled the drunk Sun Ying'er off Wang Ling's body and carried her on her back.

To be honest, this move made her a little anxious, but as soon as she thought of Sun Ying'er lying on Wang Ling's back for so long, she could no longer hold back the discomfort in her heart.

I don't know if it was because he was worried that this action aroused Wang Ling's suspicion. After taking over Sun Ying'er's hand.

Sun Rong did not dare to look directly into his eyes. Instead, she followed Sun Ying'er's usual tone and said, "If you have anything to say, let's talk about it tomorrow. Rong...Rong Rong, she is tired."

However, Wang Ling did not leave because of her words. He still stood at the door, looking at her figure with his always pure eyes.

"Tomorrow, I will come again."

Wang Ling's voice came.

With a little trembling and a hint of melancholy.

Almost at this moment, her eyes became misty again.

She was convinced.

He has seen it, and... already knows everything.

No explanation or explanation was needed. Just relying on their mutual understanding, she knew that Wang Ling had figured out the whole incident.

She should have taken Sun Ying'er directly through the door.

But when Wang Ling opened his mouth, Sun Rong found that she had lost again, and she had lost completely.

Just because she wanted to hear the boy's voice one more time.

Then in the next second, his voice came again: "You know, Rongrong, does she still like me?"

These words made her heart stop and she instinctively stopped breathing.

She didn't turn around, for fear that Wang Ling would see her crying. She just listened to him quietly, pondering over the words and pondering the words that he would never have said.

"I'm sorry, I'm too slow."

"I should have realized it earlier."

"If she wakes up, please tell her..."

"Please let her continue to like me, okay."

For Sun Rong, this was a series of bomb attacks after the heart prison was broken. Compared with the extremely brief words in the past, it can be seen that this piece of wood has worked very hard.

It can't be said how sensational the words are, but they impact her soul one sentence after another.

She listened with tears in her eyes, and she didn't come back to her senses until Wang Ling told her, "Tomorrow, he will come again." Until Wang Ling's breath and figure gradually disappeared from her side.

The contrast after the heartbreak was too obvious, she felt that Wang Ling would never have said these words to her before.

so……

Is this the real Wang Ling or the fake Wang Ling?

While she was excited, she couldn't help but feel like she couldn't laugh or cry.

This mental prison was broken, she talked too much, and she became a "chicken thief". She clearly knew that she was her...but she pretended not to know, and left after confessing her love.

This is a bit too exciting.

After handing Sun Ying'er to Aohai, Sun Rong looked back silently, with some expectations in her heart, looking forward to the young man standing under the shadow of the lamp in front of the door appearing again.

In that short moment, she felt like she was hallucinating in her mind.

I tightened my clothes and prepared to go in feeling a little disappointed.

Then suddenly, at this moment, he appeared behind her and filled her to the brim. The hot food and clothing melted away the coldness of winter all over her body.

"Wang Ling..."

Under the light in front of the door, the familiar smell of Wang Ling made her burst into tears. His fingertips touched her, as if carrying an electric current, giving her a tingling feeling all over her body.

She felt that Wang Ling at this moment was like a large wolf dog, hugging her, burying his face in her hair, and smelling her scent.

To be honest, such initiative frightened Sun Rong a little, but she never resisted or even felt the slightest discomfort.

Because she had been waiting for this moment for too long.

She smiled bitterly in her mind.

This is a big plan to allow Wang Ling to completely break the "heart prison".

Unexpectedly, in the end, it became her and his salvation.

Wang Ling broke his own mental prison.

And why isn't Wang Ling her "heart prison"?

She discovered that she had been trapped by Wang Ling from a long time ago.

At this time.

They held each other in silence.

Obviously he didn't say anything.

But it seems that through the strong heartbeats, they can clearly hear the voices deep in each other's hearts.

……

I like you, Wang Ling...

Um……

Me too……

(End of chapter)





Chapter 66 Until the world is full of sunshine


2022-04-27 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 66 Until the world is full of sunshine

That night, Sun Rong tossed and turned all night and couldn't sleep. What she kept recalling in her mind was the hug Wang Ling gave him not long ago, the thumping heartbeat, those words that could not be called sweet words but could get into her heart, and... He has all his tenderness and warmth that has not faded away until now.

The prison of the heart is broken.

And the moment she was looking forward to finally turned a new page many years later.

Everything was real, but a little unreal. She pinched her cheek, and then stretched out her hand to pinch Sun Ying'er's cheek. It wasn't until Sun Ying'er was drunk that she woke up when she pinched her, and Sun Rong was stunned. Release your hands.

"Sorry... Ying'er, I didn't mean it..."

"It doesn't matter, it's expected. How can I still know you? I must think this thing is unreal." Sun Ying'er yawned, with sleepy tears in the corners of her eyes, and then tried her best to let the alcohol in her body follow the aura. The dispersion is expelled from the body.

"Thanks to you and Director Ying." Sun Rong couldn't help but smile.

"We are just extras, and we are also returning a favor."

Sun Ying'er also responded with a smile. She took Sun Rong's hand and said, "If Wang Ling and Rongrong hadn't agreed to let us separate, we wouldn't have gotten to this point. This favor must be ours. Gotta pay it back.”

For the first time, Sun Ying'er didn't show that playful smile again.

Instead, he held her hand and said solemnly: "Rong Rong, we all hope that you two can be happy."

"Yeah." Sun Rong nodded.

These words touched her deeply, and at the same time she felt from the bottom of her heart that Sun Ying'er had indeed grown up a lot compared to the cynical demeanor she once had.

She didn't say anything, she just rushed forward and hugged Sun Ying'er like she did when she lived in her own home.

This is her shadow.

She is also one of the best sisters.

Sun Ying'er was startled by the sudden move: "Rongrong, please slow down, I haven't drained all the alcohol from my body yet... I drank a lot this night because of you."

"These drinks are fine for you, right?"

"Why is it okay... Of course there is something! She is preparing to get pregnant now!"

After saying this, Sun Rong immediately separated from Sun Ying'er, and the expression on her face suddenly changed: "Preparing for...pregnancy!? Are you...not planting rubber trees in pots..."

"yes."

Sun Ying'er smiled and said: "Boss Ying and I are planning to have one. In fact, we had this idea a long time ago. When I saw Nuan Yatou's cute tightness, I always wanted one. But this was not based on the feelings of the two of you. Well...he just kept enduring it."

Sun Rong held her forehead in confusion and said, "Thank you for your hard work..."

Sun Ying'er sighed and said: "If things between you two don't work out, we don't dare to have it. Otherwise, we will have our children hanging around in front of you all day long. The little dumpling looks exactly like the master. I feel that Rongrong, you will Very broken.”

“……”

"It's all good now. The matter between you and the Lord is settled. Now we can feel relieved."

Sun Ying'er said with a smile: "So, when will you two want one now?"

“……”

Hearing these words, Sun Rong's face turned red instantly.

She had just praised Wan Sun Ying'er in her heart for being much more mature now, but she didn't expect that this guy would turn around and look like this after he sobered up.

"Yinger, what are you talking about..."

"How about we make an appointment to get together? In that case, we can have sex together later. In this case, the full moon wine can be held together on the same day!"

“……”

Sun Rong's face was on fire. She didn't know if Sun Ying'er was too prepared for a rainy day, or if this topic was still a bit too advanced for her at this stage.

She once thought about countless scenes of being with Wang Ling in the future...

It is impossible to say that this step was not expected.

But this step was almost an unattainable dream for her in the past years.

At first, she just wanted to be by his side and look at him, and that was enough.

Then gradually, her extravagant desires began to increase.

She hopes to hold hands with him, hug him, kiss him...

Human desires are always unsatisfied.

Especially when facing someone you like, even the most restrained person will eventually become uncontrollably "expanded".

Sun Rong clearly knew what she wanted now.

As for the future, she naturally has her own considerations.

However, she still felt a little uneasy at this time.

Because she didn't know if Wang Ling thought that way...

She didn't want to think that after thinking for a long time, she would eventually become the person who only had her wishful thinking.

……

That night, she kept thinking back and forth in her mind. The picture in her mind before she finally fell asleep was the face of Wang Ling that she would never tire of seeing.

The next morning, Sun Ying'er's figure had disappeared, and she judged that she had slipped back to have an affair with Wang Ying.

The warmth on the mattress had dissipated for a long time, and she should have left after she fell asleep.

She left the curtains and saw the boy's figure bathed in sunlight in the morning mist, walking towards her step by step.

He walked very slowly, and at the same time, when this figure appeared unexpectedly, Sun Rong couldn't explain why, and she began to become a little nervous.

It was obviously something agreed upon yesterday.

He had long said he would come find her.

As a result, when he actually appeared in front of her, the most nervous person turned out to be herself.

The boy who had been running away now actually came to her, and the unreal feeling became even stronger at this moment.

Sun Rong did not change her clothes, only wore a pair of pajamas and no makeup. She kept everything in the most natural look and hurried downstairs.

Even though she was nervous, she couldn't wait to see him.

And she knew it.

Only in front of Wang Ling could she put aside all the graceful, dignified and decent young lady looks and be the truest version of herself.

As long as Wang Ling is around, she can always live an easy life.

"Would you like to eat together?"

After meeting, the young man took a look at the breakfast he bought on the way.

She could tell by the smell that it was the pancake fruit sold at the entrance of No. 60 Lieutenant Colonel.

"Okay." She took the hot plastic bag with a smile, her face full of smiles.

Of course, the reason why I came to see Sun Rong today was not to share my breakfast.

Wang Ling now knew exactly what he should do next.

We ate the familiar pancakes at the school gate together.

At this moment, it seems that everything has returned to those years, the most beautiful and innocent high school era.

In this atmosphere, all the memories are gradually sketched, forming a long picture.

Sun Rong had been waiting for Wang Ling to speak, but she was not sure when Wang Ling would speak. When she just raised her eyes to look at the young man's face, she saw that Wang Ling's eyes were already fixed on her face.

The expression on his face was no longer the stiff one before, but actually contained a bit of a smile. He said with a hint of reminiscence: "I used to be running away... It's shameful, but, Escape can be really helpful sometimes.”

"I didn't know what liking and love were before."

"Lao Liang said that the essence of liking lies in making exceptions."

"I didn't know until now. If you like someone, you can give her special exceptions and let her do things that no one else can do."

In an extremely slow tone, every word fell clearly on Sun Rong's ears. She was eating pancakes and fruit, but her eyes were already red.

Her heart twitched with excitement, and the sound of her heartbeat vibrated her eardrums.

"You know, Rongrong."

At this time, Wang Ling raised his hand, gently laid on her shoulder, looked at her with unusual firmness, and said softly: "You are my special case... If you still like me, then we can be together, okay ”

At this moment, tears streamed down.

She could no longer restrain her inner impulse, and suddenly hugged the young man in front of her, blocking his lips.

She rubbed his lips, soft and numb, and soon he was immersed in it. He slowly closed his eyes under the uncontrollable heartbeat of the two of them mingling with each other.

At this moment, the two people had each other again, all the sunshine and the whole world.

For a moment, the whole air was filled with the smell of him and her.

In this warm and beautiful gentle countryside, Wang Ling's thoughts gradually drifted away, and the memory in his mind flashed back to the time they traveled to Qingchuan not long ago.

His heart twitched, and he couldn't help but hold her tighter.

Because it was only then that he finally understood what this was...

He understood.

turn out to be……

This is what I like.

Maybe this kind of love can be dated back even further.

Maybe it was during the first Zhanmen winter camp;

Maybe when she and he first met in Sixty;

Or maybe, even longer ago...

At this moment, the two people were exchanging enthusiasm with each other, and their mouths were full of nostalgia, which also had a faint taste of pancake fruit and soy milk, but in fact it was okay, and the taste was not that strong.

Sun Rong would never have imagined that Wang Ling had planned everything and specifically asked the old man spreading the pancakes to omit the steps of applying garlic and chili sauce, which made the whole pancakes taste extra bland.

Following what he just said, Wang Ling hugged her and spoke again: "...I heard it."

"What?"

For a moment, Sun Rong couldn't react.

"Qingchuan Bei, a legend." Wang Ling responded.

A trace of warm tears rolled down from the corner of Sun Rong's eyes again. During the most difficult nights for her, she did think of a way to use Qingchuan clams to send Wang Ling a message.

This Qingchuan clam was given to them by a mother and daughter when they were at Qingchuan East Lake, one for each of them.

It is said that it can convey the voices of two people who care about each other.

She missed him too much, but because she couldn't see him, she thought of trying this method, and she also said a lot of...unspeakable things.

"I thought it was an auditory hallucination, but I didn't expect it to be true." Wang Ling said.

This was the first time she heard him say so many words at once. Although the expression on his face was not that rich, it had obviously changed a lot from the previous stiffness, and his eyebrows were full of tenderness.

He gently rubbed the tears from the corners of her eyes with the pads of his thumbs, took them in his mouth and licked them.

Then he discovered that this alone did not satisfy the desires in his heart.

This time, before she took the initiative to kiss him, he held her head and gently pressed his lips to the corners of her eyes.

Who likes to lick tears? He hasn’t even finished his words yet...this idiot...

Sun Rong was complaining in her heart.

The day after Wang Ling returned.

During the second deep kiss in the early morning, the two of them couldn't remember who took the initiative first. After Wang Ling finished licking the traces of tears, they quickly became entangled with each other.

Even though this "greenness" that should only occur when you are young, it is a full ten years late.

But at this moment...

The two people who belong to the same space no longer care. They exchange each other's taste and completely open their hearts.

For the first time, I truly have this world full of sunshine...

(End of chapter)





Chapter 67 Until the world is full of sunshine (2)


2022-04-28 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 67 Until the world is full of sunshine (2)

Probably because he wanted to leave space for the two of them.

The maids and housekeepers in the villa were very knowledgeable. The whole process was quiet and no one came to disturb them.

On the other side, when Mr. Sun got the news, he was even more excited and unbelievable.

"This...say it again!" He grabbed Butler Lin's collar, but it was not because he was angry, but because he was too excited.

"Classmate Wang Ling came to see the young lady on his own initiative. The two of them were having sex at the young lady's house..." Butler Lin repeated what he had just said.

At this moment, Sun Yiyuan's eyes actually became moist: "Finally...finally!"

"Is the master so excited?" Although Butler Lin also knew about the incident between his young lady and Wang Ling, in the end, he was still less passionate than Mr. Sun in terms of feelings.

Moreover, he is just a servant, and it is not convenient for him to talk about his young lady's affairs. However, now that he saw Sun Yiyuan's excited look, he felt a little disbelieving and complicated.

Because he had never seen Sun Yiyuan like this before. He was so excited that he seemed to have realized his lifelong wishes and dreams. He was so excited that he was even happier than becoming the richest man in the world of cultivation.

"You don't understand Lao Lin... I came here watching two children. It's really not easy." Sun Yiyuan sighed.

"Then these two days...will the master still go to the lady's place?"

"Of course I won't go." Sun Yiyuan waved his hand, wiped his tears, and said with a smile: "Let the two children stay for a while. You tell them to go down and no one is allowed to disturb you! Secondly, you must choose some well-behaved people to go there. Waiter, if you see two people leaning sideways, be discerning and don't make a fuss."

"Yes, sir, don't worry. The people sent to wait on the lady over there are all old people in the group, and they have very strict mouths." Butler Lin said.

"That's good." Sun Yiyuan nodded with satisfaction.

……

On the other side, after Liu Yingjian was forcibly kept one night by Sun Yiyuan and returned home, although he seemed safe and sound on the surface, he was actually still in a bit of a mess.

He hurried back to the winter market to meet with his old man.

In the private banquet room, Mr. Liu Liu Chengfeng asked his servants to cut a large piece of roast meat for Liu Yingjian: "Why do you feel so haggard after I haven't seen you for a day? Are you tired of dealing with Mr. Sun? Just get used to it. ”

Liu Yingjian sighed helplessly, and then said: "Thank you, grandpa, for caring about me. My grandson is doing well. It's just due to the hard work these days. Just rest tonight."

"kindness."

Mr. Liu Liu Chengfeng nodded: "What did Mr. Sun say to you? Are you still satisfied?"

"Fully...satisfied...of course satisfied..."

Liu Yingjian sweated. How could he dare to say that he had been kidnapped in the past? He could only follow the words and said: "Mr. Sun treated me to a big dinner. I was treated like a VIP. Grandpa can rest assured. Moreover, he also told me , he has found a suitable grandson-in-law..."

After saying this, Liu Chengfeng's eyes immediately lit up and he stood up from his position: "You said, he told you that he found a suitable grandson-in-law? Did he really say that?"

Seeing his Mr. Liu's excited reaction, Liu Yingjian was stunned for a moment, then nodded and said, "Yes...yes..."

"Ha ha ha ha!"

The next second, Liu Chengfeng laughed: "I knew it! This old guy is interested in you!"

Liu Yingjian panicked for a moment: "No...no, grandpa..."

Liu Chengfeng hehehe: "No shit! If he wasn't interested in you, would he still invite you over and treat you as a distinguished guest? It's obvious that he wants to recruit you as his grandson-in-law! He has made it so clear, and you can't even tell? Are you stupid?"

Liu Yingjian: "..."

"I know Yingjian, you also have a crush on that girl Rong. It's not like I didn't see your previous confession on TV. Don't worry, I'll leave this matter to grandpa." Mr. Liu became happier and happier as he thought about it. The joy on his brows made his old face look moisturized in an instant.

Faced with the strength of his own Mr. Liu, Liu Yingjian was speechless for a moment. He tried to quickly organize words in his mind and tried to explain everything clearly.

He wanted to make it clear that he didn't really like Sun Rong. The last TV confession was just a bet and a joke. It didn't count and couldn't be taken seriously.

As a result, Mr. Liu's next words made Liu Yingjian feel like a thunderbolt: "Yingzi, to tell you the truth, Grandpa, I don't have much time left."

"How could..." Liu Yingjian looked in disbelief.

"It is a disease that cannot be cured by modern cultivation science. In fact, it is not a disease. It just keeps shortening your life span. And now, I can feel that the end is approaching."

Liu Chengfeng held the cane, supported his body, stared at Liu Yingjian and said seriously: "Seeing you happy is grandpa's last wish. If you and Miss Rong can make it happen, then I can still laugh even if I am buried. Come."

Therefore, this explanation made Liu Yingjian completely fall into silence, and all the arguments in his mind and heart were abandoned at this moment.

"By the way, Yingjian, did you want to say something just now?"

At this time, Liu Chengfeng said: "If you have any opinions, feel free to tell me. Grandpa will definitely try his best to facilitate your marriage with Miss Rong."

Liu Yingjian didn't say anything, just frowned slightly, and then pretended to be relaxed and said: "It's nothing, grandpa, grandson... everything is at your disposal..."

……

Rong Sun never thought that one day she and him would be like this, with their fingers clasped tightly, walking openly on the street.

They had held hands several times before. At that time, Wang Ling didn't know what it felt like to like her.

He had never thought that liking someone would have so many complicated and unspeakable emotions, which made him feel a little hard to deal with for a while.

But everything was different now. He held her hand, and he no longer felt that unspeakable feeling of confusion...

He knew it clearly.

What he holds is the light of his entire life.

And be sure to hold it firmly.

Because of fear, his light will quietly flow away from his fingers...

After all, the lost time will never come back again.

Cherishing every day now is the most simple truth.

This is not the first time he and she have returned to this ancient street.

They had been here before in high school.

Now that they are visiting their old place again, the two of them still choose to wear the same Hanfu style from back then.

One set is Izumo Flying to the Moon, and the other is Bright Moon Glass.

When holding hands and walking down the street, they look like a perfect couple, making people envious.

She felt that she had become a lot more haggard and "older" over the years, but he had never changed. Sometimes when she looked in the mirror, fine lines began to appear at the corners of her eyes. Although she couldn't see it if she wasn't paying attention, This is a big taboo for girls.

I don’t know if it’s because I tried a lot of beauty elixirs in order to develop my own products. The effects of these elixirs often last for a period of time after being taken, but then they no longer work.

Because long-term use of these pills may lead to a certain degree of drug resistance in the body.

In the past, she didn't care much about this.

And now, the nicer and closer Wang Ling was to her, the more she began to care about these small details.

Wang Ling can never grow old.

But she was afraid that she would grow old before the king did.

The sunlight filtered through the sparsely intertwined branches and turned into scattered light that fell all over the ground. Wang Ling held her hand and sat on the bench, and saw her wandering thoughts at a glance.

She was wearing the Hanfu that he was most familiar with in his memory, without any makeup. Her bare face alone surpassed all the girls on this ancient street.

She felt that she had changed, that she had become "older". In Wang Ling's opinion, it was better to say that she had become more intellectual and mature.

Regardless of whether she has aged or not, he knows that what he likes is always her, whether she looks young or old.

At this moment, Wang Ling was holding Sun Rong's hand, not reading her mind. He could only tell what she was thinking through the guessing in her eyebrows.

How could I let you get older than me first...

The next second, he took the initiative to move forward, gently touched her face, and looked at her with great respect.

Her heart felt warm.

The next second, Sun Rong changed her offensive, held Wang Ling's face in her hands, and couldn't help but kiss him at the corner of his eyes.

Then she felt his face suddenly turn red.

This idiot...

Why didn't you blush when you did this in broad daylight in front of so many people?

As a result, she blushed after just one kiss!

She laughed and thought Wang Ling was so adorable that she couldn't help but rub Wang Ling's cheeks.

Wang Ling's cheeks were very thin, without much flesh, but for some reason they felt soft when he pinched them.

"Ah! This is my boyfriend's cheek! It's Wang Ling's cheek! Now, he finally belongs to me!"

Sun Rong thought this in her heart.

He let Sun Rong rub his face, thinking he could hold back.

But the impact of this kind of love was too strong. He felt that every expression of Sun Rong and every touch with him had a kind of magic that would make him laugh involuntarily.

So the next second, she saw Wang Ling suddenly turn his face away.

But it's not because of shyness.

But he is hiding his smile!

His eyebrows were relaxed, his eyes were gentle, and his whole body exuded a sweet aura that was different from the past.

This kind of laughter comes from the heart and comes so unexpectedly that people have no time to react.

Sun Rong looked at the young man's amazing smile and face, and the air was stagnant for a moment.

They stared at each other quietly for a long time.

Until a fallen leaf gently fell on Wang Ling's shoulder.

She was about to reach out and pick up the fallen leaf, but she was suddenly grabbed by the young man and carried into his arms.

Then, the young man's breath suddenly approached.

She couldn't believe it.

This time.

It was Wang Ling who kissed her first...

(End of chapter)





Chapter 68 Past and Present


2022-04-29 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 68 Past and Present

He kissed her, and the kiss brought out the feeling of no hesitation and a feeling of death.

This was the first time Wang Ling took the initiative, which made Sun Rong's heart beat wildly.

Sun Rong thought she was already very excited, but in fact Wang Ling was even more excited than she was. The youth and excitement that had been delayed for ten years were vented and exploded at this moment, making the two forgetful for a moment, as if they had forgotten everything.

When the breeze blew through the ancient street, the beautiful Hanfu on the two of them reflected the light of silk texture under the light of the setting sun, and swayed slightly with their accelerated beating hearts.

Then she heard a snap of fingers.

It was the sound of Wang Ling snapping his fingers.

The whole world immediately stopped with the snap of fingers. All the people moving on the ancient street stopped, and not even a single noisy sound could be heard.

The sunset covered the blush on the boy's cheeks, and the only sound left in the quiet world was the sound of the two's heartbeats.

Then suddenly, he pushed her down on the bench.

At that moment, her heart went blank...

this……

What is this going to do to her...

How come after this piece of wood returned to normal, its courage was so reversed that it dared to do such a wild thing in broad daylight.

But in the end, Wang Ling didn't do anything to her. He just hugged her tighter, as if he was afraid that he would lose something.

The two of them leaned against each other for a while, and then he put his hand around her back, gently lifted her up, and reluctantly let go of her.

Even Wang Ling himself was frightened. When he reacted, the temperature on his face increased several points.

Just now, he almost lost control of himself...

It's really a bit embarrassing.

But fortunately, at the beginning of the kiss, the intermittent snapping of fingers was quite timely, so more people didn't see his crazy look.

At this moment, his world was filled with Sun Rong.

And he only allowed her to see his appearance.

……

After Shi Ting was lifted, Wang Ling held Sun Rong's hand and continued walking on the ancient street. When passing by the familiar cold weapon store, the two of them saw the advertisement with the words "Sir, times have changed" ten years ago. The signboard is still hanging there, and the feeling of nostalgia in my heart can't help but emanate from deep inside.

Sun Rong couldn't help but whisper softly: "I always feel that it seems so unreal now."

From "wood" to the "wild wood" now, all the changes seemed to give her the illusion of being in a dream.

It was clear that not long ago, he and she had not become so close, and she even thought that she might lose him forever because of the "big plan" that she and Nuan Yatou carried out together.

She held Wang Ling's hand, clasped her fingers together, gently moved Wang Ling's hand to her mouth, and took a small bite.

Wang Ling actually didn't feel much pain, but he still cooperated and made a soft sound, as if he was really bitten in pain.

Now not only are these beautiful hands hers, but the whole person is hers.

Just thinking about it makes me happy.

This was not their first time visiting this ancient street of cultivation culture. They had been here several times during high school.

I knew many shop owners on the street, and this became a regular team building spot for several close friends in high school. Even after they went to college, they would choose this place whenever they had appointments with multiple friends.

It is true that they have been to the ancient street more than once, and many of the shops on the ancient street, as well as the old-fashioned inn-style hot spring hotel in the ancient street where they stayed at night, are mostly owned by Huaguo Water Curtain.

But even though all the people he saw were acquaintances, Wang Ling still felt a little embarrassed when he kissed and hugged in front of others.

Even so, as long as he held Sun Rong's hand, Wang Ling found that he had this thought from time to time.

So this is what happened now.

As soon as Wang Ling snapped his fingers to enter "Time Stop", Sun Rong immediately realized that this guy was coming again!

Such initiative certainly surprised Sun Rong, but to be honest, she was still a bit unaccustomed to it...

This... this is completely making up for all the things that were not done in the past!

But even if it has to be made up, it will still be divided into periods!

Who can bear to pay it off at once?

When Wang Ling snapped his fingers for the twenty-third time, Sun Rong began to feel panic in her heart.

They had only been walking for half an hour, and they would snap their fingers once every minute while walking and walking... This frequency was indeed a bit too high.

"Wang Ling...wait..." she begged.

But Wang Ling didn't care.

I don’t know where this guy learned this skill from. He grabbed her wrist and pushed her to the wall. Without making a move first, he buried his beautiful and fair face in the hollow of her shoulder and asked softly: "Don't like it, do you?"

This gentle voice is really foul.

It's impossible to refuse...

"One last time...the rest will be done at night..."

She responded like this, and before she could finish her words, she fell into immersion again.

night?

He doesn't care...

Wang Ying told him that usually those who give such reasons are more likely to be duplicitous.

Since the days when he was freed from the prison of his mind, he has also learned a lot from Wang Ying.

Including the "love tips" that Wang Ying independently developed that he once criticized for using against Sun Ying'er, Wang Ling can now use them with ease.

He had indeed never eaten pork before, but he had seen a lot of it!

certainly.

But compared to Wang Ying's slightly rough method, the tricks Wang Ling used on Sun Rong were actually gentle versions improved on the basis of Wang Ying's teachings.

The two of them lingered for a long time before Wang Ling let go of Sun Rong a little. He stopped when he untied her, and Quan continued to walk on the ancient street as if nothing had happened.

Their next destination is the hot spring hotel on the ancient street.

Thinking of what might happen at night, Sun Rong's heart couldn't help but beat wildly. As they were walking in the hotel, the two people holding hands suddenly saw two familiar figures appearing in front of them. The same intimacy in broad daylight was much smaller than theirs. Be bolder.

(End of chapter)





Chapter 69 Give me some sunshine and it will be brilliant


2022-05-01 Author: Ku Xuan

Chapter 69 Give me some sunshine and it will be brilliant

The movements of Sun Rong and Wang Ling stopped almost at the same time, and their clasped hands could not help but tighten a little. These two familiar figures were crazier and more unscrupulous than them.

Without any pause, the man kissed her deeply in the street as if showing off, until Sun Ying'er's fair neck was dyed pink, then she raised her head and gently hammered Wang Ying's chest.

Wang Ying curled her lips, covered Sun Ying'er's fist and then opened her down jacket, wrapping Sun Ying'er in it.

This scene makes people envious. Just looking at it has a sweet and sweet warmth in winter. The two people are looking at each other. The unattackable look in Sun Ying'er's eyes completely pleases Wang Ying and makes him unable to help but He held the girl in his arms tighter.

Such blatant love radiated around. To others, it was a blatant show of affection, but Wang Ling knew that it was actually a kind of teaching.

Just as he and Sun Rong had gone through ups and downs for ten years, Wang Ying and Sun Ying'er had been in love for a full ten years.

With such a wealth of love experience added together, the proficiency of showing affection like an old couple who was not shy in front of everyone in the street not only shocked many couples on the ancient street, but also made Wang Ling reflect on himself.

He felt that he was still too reserved and shy after all...

Even now, he still wants to lean on Shi Ting for a kiss.

Wang Ling felt that he might be able to make more progress.

Maybe he would never be able to be like Wang Ying, who could be as close as Sun Rong to each other in front of so many people.

But it’s okay to try to develop and learn in that direction.

After all, this thick-skin was something he learned through practice. Wang Ling had always been very thin-skinned, and he felt that he still had great potential and room for development.

As the other party in love, Sun Rong was actually vaguely aware that Wang Ling seemed to have a tendency to become a shadow.

……

Wang Ying and Sun Ying'er came to the ancient street not because of an accident, but as a result of Wang Ying's discussion with Sun Ying'er. Just as Sun Ying'er joked with Sun Rong before, she and Wang Ying had been in love for so many years before she received the certificate. After so many years, I actually always wanted to have a child.

But because he took into account the feelings of Wang Ling and Sun Rong, Wang Ying could only endure it these years.

As for the potted plants on the balcony that can grow natural latex products, they can also be regarded as Wang Ying's personal practice to cultivate his body and mind and keep his mind pure.

He didn't know how many times he wanted to poke a hole in the things grown in these pots...

At the beginning of the year when he fell in love with Sun Ying'er and got married, Wang Ying really had no idea of having children. The main reason was that the cost of raising children in all aspects was too high, and he felt that having children would disturb their lives.

But over the years, he gradually discovered the cuteness of the little ones. This was mainly due to Sun Ying'er's day and night fantasies. She kept telling him in his ears that if they had children in the future, what would be the little dumpling born from Ying Ying's combination? How is it?

In terms of personality, will she be more like Wang Ying or Sun Ying'er?

Or is it a combination of characters with completely different personalities from the two of them?

These curiosities have been impacting Wang Ying's heart.

Until now, Wang Ling and Sun Rong finally embarked on the right path of love.

So, it's time to go get one.

Moreover, they also planned to set an example to Wang Ling and Sun Rong.

It would be best if the two groups of "Yingying Combination" and "Ling Rong Combination" can get together tonight.

Of course, this can't be rushed.

Although Wang Ying is very familiar with this set.

But Wang Ling has almost zero experience in this area!

As a result, Wang Ying found that his teaching session had begun again.

……

Holiday Inn Gujie, a property under the Huaguo Water Curtain Group, is a unique hotel with the style of an ancient cultivation inn. However, because the rooms are too old, the passenger flow has been declining year by year.

So just a few years ago, Mr. Sun decided to renovate the hotel. As a result, when the construction team was about to start construction from the hotel's backyard, they directly dug out a hot spring hidden deep underground...

Then, "Gujie Holiday Hotel" changed its name to "Gujie Holiday Hot Spring Hotel", which became very popular again! Until this year, there was still an endless stream of customers, and it was almost impossible to book a room without making a reservation in advance.

Wang Ling didn't book a room at all because Mr. Sun had built an extra luxury suite on the top floor of the hotel during the renovation.

This was Mr. Sun's plan for a rainy day, specially configured for Wang Ling and Sun Rong when they came to stay at the Gujie Hotel.

Unexpectedly, after so many years, it would actually come in handy.

There are many rooms in the luxurious suite, including two master bedrooms. In order to facilitate teaching... Wang Ying directly took Sun Ying'er's hand and shamelessly moved into the suite together, and slept next to Wang Ling and Sun Rong.

Four people entered a suite. Even though the suite was very spacious and it didn't seem too crowded, Sun Rong had vaguely noticed that it would be quite lively tonight.

"Let's go, Rongrong, let's go to the hot springs together!"

After entering the house and putting away her things, Sun Ying'er couldn't wait to take Rong Sun and set off.

There was a scheming look on her face, and Sun Rong always felt that there was some premeditation, but she couldn't resist Sun Ying'er's enthusiasm, so she was pulled over in a daze.

After seeing the two people leaving, Wang Ying and Wang Ling followed suit, brought their own changes of clothes to the first floor, and reported their room numbers to the front desk staff.

When the staff member heard that it was the presidential suite on the top floor, he immediately bowed respectfully as if he had woken up and said: "Two gentlemen, the men's bath is on the left. Welcome to take a bath."

"Why is there no mixed bathing?" Wang Ying was a little disappointed for a moment.

"This..." the staff member smiled helplessly: "According to our cultural habits, most of them are conservative, so mixed bathing is unlikely."

"It needs to be changed."

Wang Ying didn't say anything, but still had the CEO look that Wang Ling was used to seeing, and replied rather coldly.

“……”

The staff member was stunned for a moment, and quickly replied: "Yes...if there is an opportunity in the future...we will definitely report it to the superiors..."

Entering the locker room, Wang Ling and Wang Ying's movements were almost synchronized. They both had fair skin and looked like girls. However, after taking off their clothes, the muscles on their bodies that were strong but well distributed in various positions couldn't help but make people in the locker room. The other men looked sideways.

Facing the gazes of the others, Wang Ling remained expressionless.

He had seen these looks too many times during high school.

After taking a towel, Wang Ying took Wang Ling and planned to take a shower first, but found that Wang Ling actually brought a notebook with him.

Wang Ying immediately smiled coldly: "Why are you bringing a notebook?"

He patted Wang Ling on the shoulder and said in a stern tone: "This thing needs to be understood by heart, not recorded in a notebook. Although there are many postures, they remain the same. With brother here... Today Just don’t worry about it tonight.”

Wang Ling nodded slightly when he heard this.

But then he quickly rolled his eyes at Wang Ying...

He found that Wang Yingzhen just climbed up along the pole.

When did this girl become his brother...

(End of chapter)





